An American company based in Colorado recently demonstrated a new method by which it will be possible to recycle and speed up old computers, in effect transforming them into current machines.
Is it an emergency?
Tom isn't an actor.
We shouldn't swim here.
I hope Tom is well.
I should go now.
Tom ate some cheese.
You have to do this now.
I'm angry with Tom.
It's far from here.
Tom delivers pizzas.
We're all professionals.
It's all up to Tom.
I stayed inside.
Tom did that for us.
Can I make this up to you?
Let's wait for Tom.
Tom has a nice bike.
We've come here to help.
Does Tom wear boots?
I was born in (nineteen thirty three).
The thing I am most afraid of about dying is not having lived the fullest.
The thing that Mary is most afraid of, believe it or not, is sleeping and not being able to wake up.
"Tom has given everything he had to the nursing staff." "Just what? His baseball card collection and wine bottles?"
I bought a newspaper.
She told me that she bought a CD.
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was murdered.
Education is a system of imposed ignorance.
I made this cake.
Tom is a daydreamer.
Can I give you some advice?
Give it back to Tom.
No one here can swim.
Tom is a late riser.
We're all very fortunate.
I got even with Tom.
I'll go swimming.
Tom is a lot of fun.
Have you finished studying?
I like to annoy Tom.
Please speak English.
Tom is a polite boy.
I think we're almost done.
I won't forgive Tom.
I'm worried, too.
Tom is a simple man.
Where are you trying to go?
I'm fed up with Tom.
I only want a bit more coffee.
I am not of age.
A friend loaned this book to me.
Yesterday was Saturday.
The waiter asked me to change tables because that one was reserved.
You can't be a little pregnant.
Maybe it would be better to call her "Doctor."
He was living with his aunt.
I bought pencils.
In June, it rains day after day without stopping.
How does Tom come to school?
All that comes from the earth returns to the earth, and what comes from the water returns to the sea.
The bottle fell and broke.
A bottle of the wine was left.
Tom collects bottle caps.
What'll it be, in a bottle or draft?
He drank a great swig from the bottle.
There's a bottle standing in the fridge.
The water is in the bottle.
There's a risk that the bottle will break.
There's no wine in that bottle.
There's no wine left in that bottle.
Is there a refundable deposit on the bottle?
The flash was reflected in the bottle.
Please don't drink from the bottle.
Tom whimpered.
I bought half a bottle of wine.
There's some whiskey in that bottle.
There's no wine in the bottle.
The bottle contains water.
"How much wine did you buy?" "Half a bottle."
The bottle's volume is one litre.
Only a little bit of milk remains in the bottle.
Othello is sitting with a bottle in a hotel armchair.
On my desk there is always a bottle of water.
Whilst walking on the beach, he found a message in a bottle.
Don't walk on the shards of the broken bottle.
Women who drink beer from a bottle don't appeal to me.
Do you have a rough idea of how long it will take?
He does one good deed every day.
What's inside?
Near the street Anthony drank water-chestnut juice from a bottle.
On the table were a bottle of champagne and two glasses.
Age is immaterial, unless you're a bottle of wine.
The bottle was corked and put on a shelf in the cellar.
Why is there no more wine in the bottle? Did you children drink it?
Hey, who's this bottle of champagne for? I haven't ordered drinks.
But instead of a bottle, they used a glass jar with a glass lid — the sort that Elody made use of to keep sweets in.
For over a year the bottle drifted about, now north, now south, as the ocean's currents drove it.
Who do you support?
Fetch!
Someone is dusting the futon outside.
He puts effort to his craftsmanship.
This song makes me homesick.
I ate an apple before I went for a walk.
Where is the next shop?
Why is your head blue?
Power to the people.
I am Brazilian.
Do you know my age?
I don't wanna know this.
I don't want to know this.
I do not want to know this.
I know I will win.
I know she is very cute.
I know she is very lovely.
I know she is in France.
How's your day so far?
Tom is exaggerating.
I'm sorry, we're sold out.
I'm indebted to Tom.
I don't swim well.
Tom is from Harvard.
Would you like to buy this?
Tell Tom I'm hungry.
Is anyone else coming?
Tom is kind of bald.
We're here to support you.
Tell Tom I'm not in.
I woke up at 2:30.
Tom is playing golf.
Are you coming this evening?
That's Tom's sister.
That was a good movie.
Tom is thick-headed.
We're sure we can do that.
They laughed at Tom.
Tom made it clear what he didn't want us to do.
I needed them.
Tom studies on Saturdays.
My father didn't eat.
My dad didn't eat.
I'm self-employed.
Tom is well off now.
Can you sign your name here?
Does Tom like school?
How much is everything?
Tom isn't our enemy.
We've been practicing hard.
I feel safe with Tom.
I really messed up.
Tom isn't there yet.
She hardly ever sees him.
The reporter is running to the car.
You don't miss much, do you?
I hope Tom goes home.
Please don't swim here.
Tom bought me a kite.
Are we allowed to swim here?
I no longer love Tom.
I'm trying to rest.
Tom can't trust Mary.
Can you teach me how to swim?
I thought Tom did OK.
I don't love Tom anymore.
We hardly ever see Tom anymore.
Is this train from Paris?
That's a very old song.
Tom found a good job.
We used to swim in this lake.
I was looking at Tom.
I've eaten already.
Tom had things to do.
I'll do that for Tom.
The roads are slippery.
Tom has been so good.
Well, we'll see what happens.
I'm attracted to Tom.
I could use a drink.
Tom headed back home.
Have you seen my green shirt?
I'm no match for Tom.
It's not very expensive.
Tom is a selfish man.
We have a lot more work to do.
Is Tom a good person?
I like Chinese food.
Tom is a strange man.
You can't postpone the party.
Is Tom in the office?
The clock isn't working.
Tom is able to skate.
We're going to try to do that.
Is Tom in your class?
I only want a snack.
Tom is an active boy.
You could've told me earlier.
Let me deal with Tom.
This is such a surprise.
Tom is an ex-soldier.
We've seen this happen before.
Let's hope Tom comes.
I'll pay for dinner.
Tom is apt to forget.
Are you having any chest pain?
People listen to Tom.
I email my pen pal every Saturday.
Who are you emailing?
I asked the jeweler to inscribe my initials on the back my watch.
There were multiple disclaimers at the start of the video.
Tom invited his relatives over for afternoon tea.
After a quick break and a snack he felt revitalized.
You can use a fine-toothed comb to check for nits.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
It is absurd to think that the only way to tell if a poem is lasting is to wait and see if it lasts. The right reader of a good poem can tell the moment it strikes him that he has taken an immortal wound—that he will never get over it.
A complete poem is one where an emotion finds the thought and the thought finds the words.
The best way out is always through.
I had a lover's quarrel with the world.
I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
Tom was taken prisoner by the Germans.
Tom is haunted by his past.
This situation seemed hopeless.
Tom has Alzheimer's.
Is the manager a manager?
Is the manager really a manager?
The moon does not cross the meridian today.
It looks like an antique.
Tom is drinking milk.
We have three boys and one girl.
Shake hands with Tom.
I'll take the blame.
Tom is first in line.
Can you help me move the sofa?
Tell Tom who you are.
Please accept my apology.
Tom is getting older.
The patients participating in the drug trial don't know if they're receiving the drug or the placebo.
Tom threw the phone against the wall.
We haven't had much luck lately.
This is Tom's sister.
I'm new around here.
Tom is going to sing.
Did you come with your family?
All Tom does is sleep.
This is too spicy for me.
Tom is good at chess.
We're grateful for your support.
I didn't shout at Tom.
I don't plan to swim.
Tom is in heaven now.
What would you do in my shoes?
I gave my cold to Tom.
Why should I not do that?
Tom is mad about you.
We've had a lot of rain recently.
I had a race with Tom.
I got in an accident.
Tom is my first name.
It isn't all it's cracked up to be.
It ain't all it's cracked up to be.
Canada is a model for democracy.
This is deeply disquieting.
This is deeply troubling.
The education system is turning students into robots.
Few people know about it.
I'm not ashamed of it.
It's a chicken-and-egg problem.
Why didn't you answer me when I called?
The attendant responsibilities made me think twice about it.
He is assiduous in reading as many Russian books as possible.
Those practices were pilloried by the government.
The glorification of those ideas were not to my taste.
A cornucopia is a horn-shaped basket filled with various kinds of fruits and vegetables.
When you are young you need somebody willing to give you a start in life.
The Chinese government disbursed the second tranche of the money.
My son never bargained for so many problems.
Who do you think will do that?
I hope I can help Tom.
Don't keep me in suspense.
Tom is on duty today.
We've traveled all around Europe.
I hope Tom isn't sick.
I really want a beer.
Tom is over kilos.
You should've told me earlier.
I kept talking to Tom.
This is all so ridiculous.
Tom is related to me.
We're a lot better team this year.
I know Tom likes Mary.
I used to swim a lot.
Tom is traveling now.
Would you like to rent a movie?
I know Tom likes jazz.
What are our options here?
Tom is wiser than me.
In the formation of Turkish words, both the meetings of vowels and of consonants follow harmony principles.
She bought him a dog, but he was allergic to dogs, so they had to get rid of it.
We're all trying to get somewhere.
I ran a race with Tom.
I'm cleaning my room.
Tom isn't a Canadian.
Let me know if you need my help.
I seldom speak to Tom.
What would be your advice?
Tom will arrive soon.
We're busier than we've ever been.
I think I'll call Tom.
I haven't seen him very much recently.
What would make you happy?
Why did you say yes if you didn't want to go?
I know, but I love her!
I know, but I love him!
She looked pensive.
Tom looked pensive.
I get the picture.
Tom passed the exam with flying colors.
The cake is in the kitchen.
Tom is an old acquaintance of mine.
We studied together in the library.
I don't always have time for breakfast.
I don't have time for breakfast.
Good morning, my love.
I couldn't help overhear your conversation.
I don't want to know the truth.
Tom is a stonemason.
I'm coming right now.
Tom bought new gloves.
I won't work with Tom.
It was a lovely experience.
Tom can't eat peanuts.
We're closer than we've ever been.
I'll buy this for Tom.
I have pain in my arm.
Tom cleaned his rifle.
I haven't seen Tom very much recently.
I haven't seen very much of Tom recently.
Saturn has the lowest average density of all the planets in the Solar System. It comes to 0.g/cm³.
Alpha Centauri is a system of three stars. We don't know yet whether it has planets.
My mother is outside.
The galactic center is in the constellation Sagittarius.
As a star, the sun is a so-called yellow dwarf.
Sirius is a binary star system. Sirius B, Sirius A's faint companion, is the white dwarf closest to our solar system. It is about as big as our earth.
The brightest star in the night sky is Sirius, in the constellation Canis Major.
The brightest star in the night sky is Sirius, in the Great Dog constellation.
Sirius is commonly called the Dog Star.
The galactic center is hidden by dark dust clouds that make direct observation from Earth impossible.
Jupiter is two and a half times as heavy as all the other planets in the Solar System put together.
Jupiter is the only planet in the Solar System whose common center of gravity with the Sun lies outside the Sun itself.
The sun and moon are often in the sky together.
The bridge is blocked.
This table is made from reclaimed wood.
Tom looped a rope around the horse's neck.
I like bargaining.
I care about my friends.
Do you like haggling?
I knew it was a bad idea.
Do you still buy lottery tickets?
I'm friendly with Tom.
It's going to be hot today.
Tom didn't yell at us.
We're definitely going to do that.
I'm in touch with Tom.
I think I need a rest.
Tom doesn't shave yet.
Do you want me to try doing that?
Let's not talk to Tom.
He's behaving weirdly.
That the moon appears larger close to the horizon than at the zenith is an optical illusion, the cause of which has not been definitively clarified.
With gas planets like Jupiter, the zero level is defined as the level where the gas pressure is one bar.
Can I cash it?
The constellation Scorpio is hard to observe because of its southerly position from Central Europe.
Ophiuchus is an outspread but not very prominent constellation.
That's simply not possible.
Tom has been laid off.
We're doing what needs to be done.
People laughed at Tom.
I won't be late again.
Tom has won the prize.
Do you want me to try to do that?
Please give Tom a job.
These books were expensive.
Tom helped us do that.
We're going to be late for school.
Tell Tom I'm not home.
I think it tastes good.
Tom is John's brother.
Let me know if you need any help.
Tell Tom to help Mary.
How much are these earrings?
Tom is a good speaker.
We're going to do that right away.
Tell Tom when to come.
I think it's very good.
Tom is a great player.
You can call me anytime you want.
That's Tom over there.
It's going to snow tomorrow.
Tom is a joy to teach.
We're going to do the best we can.
What did Tom show you?
I'd like a single room.
Tom is a very shy boy.
I didn't understand what he wanted to tell me.
The Serpent Bearer is an outspread but not very prominent constellation.
What time is the flight?
Tell Tom I'm not at home.
Tell Tom that I'm not at home.
He slept under a tree.
A button fell off my coat.
There's no easy way to say this.
I often go to the beach.
Are you telling me you can't swim?
When did Tom graduate?
My stomach has been hurting.
Tom is afraid of cats.
We're going to do whatever we can.
Ask Tom what he's done.
I'd like to send a fax.
Tom is always smoking.
Are you sure you can swim that far?
Has Tom been to Boston?
They're playing football.
"What's so funny?" "Nothing."
That movie was pretty boring.
Tom is an avid reader.
We're going to stay until the end.
I bet Tom will get mad.
I'm going to Australia.
Tom is apt to be late.
What exactly are you trying to say?
I bought a dog for Tom.
Don't forget to lock the door.
Tom is crazy about me.
We're going to take a quick break.
I didn't even kiss Tom.
I'm prettier than Mary.
Tom is evidently sick.
Where are you going for the summer?
I hope Tom can help me.
My advice would be to go home.
Tom is far from happy.
We're grateful nobody was injured.
I know Tom is sleeping.
If you swim incorrectly the judges will disqualify you.
Tom works long hours at the oil refinery.
The children always scare the living daylights out of me on Halloween.
Many transgender people experience gender dysphoria.
My coat got caught on a barb on the barbed wire.
Aurochs have been extinct for centuries.
I intend to go swimming.
Tom is friendly to me.
Why were you up so late last night?
I never agree with Tom.
Your shirt is pretty wrinkled.
Tom is in the library.
We're not having a very good time.
I seldom hear from Tom.
I still haven't decided.
Tom is neatly dressed.
You're much better looking than me.
I sent an email to Tom.
It's supposed to rain tomorrow.
Tom is on Mary's side.
We're obviously very disappointed.
I suppose you love Tom.
I wanted to go swimming.
Tom is quite athletic.
Are you ever going to do that again?
I'm disgusted with Tom.
If you go up two floors, you'll reach the clearance sale on the sixth. Most of the items up there are half-off or less.
Everything's fine the way it is.
Do you want my honest opinion?
You are the one who solved the problem.
Come back to the table! We have not finished eating.
I used to ride my bike at weekends.
Better the devil you know than the angel you don't.
After six drinks, he made the intoxicated decision to swim in the Neva.
You always tell it straight...but who needs your truth?
He is hounding me to find out where you are.
Who do you think will win the next U.S. presidential election?
Who will be our next president?
Do you really think that's a good idea?
Who will be the next class president, Tom or Mary?
Tom and Mary both ran for class president.
Let's go find something to eat.
Tom is quite reserved.
We're working as hard as possible.
I've never forgiven Tom.
I'd like to go shopping.
Tom isn't always here.
When was the last time you did that?
Maybe I should ask Tom.
Mary is playing with her dolls.
Tom isn't an engineer.
I wonder who the next president of the United States will be.
What did you just say to me, you little piece of shit?
We didn't need to take those risks.
No one agreed with Tom.
I'll call you on Monday.
Tom isn't the manager.
When was the last time you did this?
Nobody messes with Tom.
It's not supposed to rain today.
Tom calls me every day.
We don't want to go back to Boston.
Tell Tom that I'm busy.
Who do you think will win the race?
Who do you think is most likely to win the race?
I think Tom will win the race.
I think Tom is the one most likely to win the race.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will win the race.
Tom has no chance of winning the race.
Do you think Tom has any chance of winning?
Is there any chance that Tom can win?
Tom has no chance of winning.
May God have mercy on us all.
Mittens are warmer than gloves.
I prefer mittens to gloves.
I knitted these mittens for you.
These mittens keep my hands warm.
These mittens keep my fingers warm.
Glittens are fingerless gloves with a mitten.
These alpaca wool mittens are soft and warm.
This is absolutely terrifying.
Tom is in the lead at the moment.
Tom is in the lead right now.
We don't listen to each other enough.
I can't believe this is really happening.
Donald Trump is elected president of the United States.
Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States.
Donald Trump will be the next president of the United States of America.
Few people expected Tom to win.
Few people expected him to win.
Tom and Mary are bickering with each other.
You are never short of stories in the United States.
Tom is the expert on this.
The first lesson in democracy is to abide by the will of the people.
I'll take that one, too.
Tom can ride a bicycle.
Will you put this in the car for me?
Tell Tom that I'm sick.
Let's leave as soon as possible.
Tom collects old coins.
We have a good group of volunteers.
The boy's name was Tom.
I can't hear you clearly.
Tom crossed the border.
There is a big problem as far as opinion polls are concerned.
You're way better looking than I am.
All of us stared at Tom.
None of my friends speak French.
Tom didn't like Boston.
We have a great group of employees.
Don't be so mean to Tom.
I need to change clothes.
Tom doesn't drive fast.
Have you finished reading the report?
Everyone laughed at Tom.
That restaurant isn't expensive.
Tom fell into the well.
We have a lot of regular customers.
I asked Tom for a favor.
I still have a lot to do.
Tom filtered the water.
What movie are you planning to watch?
I asked Tom to make tea.
Is your husband also from Boston?
Tom gave me some books.
We have absolutely nothing to gain.
I bet Tom won't do that.
I'll pay for the tickets.
Tom has a big appetite.
You really just don't get it, do you?
I bet Tom won't help us.
Tom has a son your age.
We have every reason to be hopeful.
I couldn't speak to Tom.
The outcome of the elections is a mixed bag.
The election in the U.S. was an anti-establishment election.
Donald Trump, a political outsider, won the presidency in a stunning upset.
I didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom is John's only son.
You're much better looking than I am.
I expect a lot from Tom.
It shouldn't take too much longer.
Tom is a dance teacher.
We have good people working for us.
I feel relaxed with Tom.
I don't feel like cooking.
Tom is a good teammate.
Can you speak a little louder, please?
I felt sympathy for Tom.
Is there a movie theater near here?
Tom is a soccer player.
We have no objection to doing that.
I got in touch with Tom.
I get off of work at 5:30.
Tom is a very tall boy.
You're not telling me the whole truth.
I have no beef with Tom.
They're not telling me the whole truth.
Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
Tom is always laughing.
We have no options but to continue.
I hope Tom can help you.
I have to wash my clothes.
Tom is always prepared.
Are you having any difficulty sleeping?
I hope Tom feels better.
What's going to happen after class?
Tom is as busy as ever.
We have to deal with the situation.
I know Tom is in Boston.
I only have three dollars.
Tom is as lazy as ever.
You could go swimming if you wanted to.
I learned that from Tom.
Maybe I'll go swimming after school.
Tom is certain to come.
We have to find out how to do that.
I lent my pencil to Tom.
I want to give you a gift.
Tom is collecting data.
Are you having any difficulty breathing?
I like listening to Tom.
My stomach has been hurting all day.
Tom is coming tomorrow.
We have to get ready for next week.
I sat right next to Tom.
I wore this tie yesterday.
Tom is drinking coffee.
The poor man was stretched out on the ground, unconscious.
I nearly fainted when I heard the story.
Did you remember to turn off the lights?
I share a room with Tom.
My grandmother passed away last year.
Tom is good at biology.
We have to make sure they're ready.
I showed my room to Tom.
I'd like to go for a walk.
Tom is no longer a boy.
What time do you usually leave for work?
I want to work with Tom.
The orthodontist told him he'd need braces for at least two years.
Tom bought a refurbished phone.
Tom spreads lemon curd on his toast.
Tom is in the first percentile for maths in Australia.
There was a high turnout to the election.
Boston is very different from Chicago.
Tom is no match for me.
We have to weigh the pros and cons.
I went fishing with Tom.
I'm coming to pick you up.
Tom is no ordinary man.
What's the worst injury you've ever had?
I'll buy a book for Tom.
There's no reason to change our plans.
Tom is too competitive.
Tom's workstation is usually tidier than Mary's.
Cities are more densely populated than rural areas.
We have to work harder from now on.
I'm acquainted with Tom.
I bought a shirt yesterday.
Tom is very kind to us.
What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
I'm not speaking to Tom.
This is the first time I've done this.
Tom is wiser than I am.
We haven't actually set a date yet.
Is Tom a French teacher?
I am really aggressively looking for a boyfriend.
Tom is playing.
Together, anything is possible.
The roof leaks when it rains.
Tom put his selfie online.
I can't stand these people.
Tom is yelling at Mary.
Where did you work before you came here?
Tell Tom how to do that.
How long does it take to get to Boston?
Tom isn't happy at all.
We haven't even discussed that yet.
Tell Tom that I'm angry.
I don't have a white shirt.
Tom will get here soon.
Tom snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
Tom snatched victory from the jaws of defeat.
You seem to really be enjoying yourself.
That car belongs to Tom.
A lot of people swim here in the summer.
Tom didn't pay anything.
We haven't had any major accidents.
There's no one with Tom.
I don't want to bother you.
Tom didn't yell at Mary.
Are you having any difficulty swallowing?
Does Tom want to do that?
Self-help books are very popular in America.
Tom enjoys what he does.
We haven't had any problems so far.
I asked Tom to wait here.
I guess you could say that.
Tom gave us some apples.
Are you sure you can do that by yourself?
I could see Tom was busy.
There are some tomatoes in the refrigerator.
Tom had his piano tuned.
It's called the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.
Isn't it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do 'practice'?
The roads of Istanbul are crowded.
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election.
We're actually all on one team.
We all want what's best for this country.
At any time in history, in any country you can think of, a child grows up borrowing from parents' values. There are some who would point out that the kind of mentality towards education that some women called "education mama" have, is actually emotionally scarring for the child.
We'll try even harder the next time.
This room's toilet is dirty.
The food in this restaurant is tasteless.
My daughter is blonde.
The food in this restaurant is bland.
At heart, the French National Anthem is one of the most beautiful anthems in the world.
How much does it cost to take the metro?
What caused the war?
The car is dark blue.
Don't delete this file.
A minute is one sixtieth of an hour.
We are Dutch.
Have you ordered the pizza?
Today we are going to have a French lesson.
Is it just me or is there a cat there?
Okay, thanks, I understand now.
My heart has broken into a thousand pieces.
How many years does it take to become a doctor?
One does not ask such questions!
My pants fall down without a belt.
Here is your passport.
Tom ordered prospectuses from four different universities.
I'm eighty-three years old.
My icon photo is a bit of a neighbor's roof as seen from my bedroom window.
We haven't had that discussion yet.
I hope the rain stops soon.
Tom has helped me a lot.
When was the last time you went swimming?
I enjoyed talking to Tom.
Your blood pressure may go up in the winter.
Tom is a great musician.
We haven't had time to do that yet.
I gave some books to Tom.
I really regret doing that.
Tom is always courteous.
You're looking for the truth, aren't you?
I got this book from Tom.
It's our responsibility to take care of this.
Tom is always with Mary.
We haven't raised enough money yet.
I handed the mike to Tom.
I want to know you're safe.
Tom is an obstinate boy.
Do you have any difficulty falling asleep?
I heard that Tom is sick.
There's a lot of traffic here in the mornings.
Tom is as young as I am.
We haven't run out of medicine yet.
I know Tom has done that.
I'll call you when I leave.
Tom is dressed in black.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it for you.
I loved talking with Tom.
Mary is one of Tom's closest confidantes.
Tom is one of Mary's closest friends.
Going to Boston is one of the things Tom wants to do next year.
French is one of the languages that I speak.
Tom is one of the guys on my basketball team.
Tom is one of the smartest men I know.
Tom is the only person in the office who can speak French.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit before I die.
This is one of the best beaches in Australia.
Last night's concert was one of the best concerts I've ever been to.
Tom is one of the finest songwriters I know.
It isn't that I don't love you; I am just very tired.
If I don't do it, it won't get done.
It's not that I don't love you, I just don't want to live with you.
It's not that I don't care, I just don't care as much as you do.
It's not that I don't love you, I just don't want to get married.
She married my brother.
It tastes like tea.
It doesn't matter what you read, but how.
You're acting like a small child.
This is your newspaper.
You should buy this book.
It is way more effective to study foreign languages in a class than to do so by yourself.
Parliamentary elections will be held in Germany in 2017.
This winter began with an unprecedented amount of snow.
This winter is expected to be colder than the previous one.
The store is having a sale today - buy one, get one free!
Your cynicism will destroy you one day.
And so what are you doing here?
Let me go shopping.
When are you going back to Japan?
I've heard all kinds of stupid things, but your idea has broken all records.
You yourself don't know what you're talking about.
She teaches lessons in math, physics, and biology.
One reads the sum of 3+as "three plus two."
It wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be.
Tom is eager to succeed.
We hope things won't get any worse.
I saw you looking at Tom.
I'm getting ready to leave.
Tom is full of ambition.
You aren't telling us everything, are you?
I usually agree with Tom.
What do people usually do around here after work?
Tom is going to do that.
Strictly speaking, tomatoes aren't vegetables, but rather fruits.
He felt a bit better the next day.
Have the courage to use your own reason.
I am not ill.
Do you remember what you were going to say before you were interrupted?
There's lots of war poetry on the syllabus.
Tom has arachnophobia.
All the seats are reserved.
The cosmonaut is great.
Red is a colour.
New York is the world's biggest city.
Is the carpet blue or green?
We just have to be more aggressive.
I wish Tom would do that.
I'm happy to be here again.
Tom is good at juggling.
You can come to visit us anytime you want.
I'd like a word with Tom.
Nobody will pay that much for something like that.
Tom is in an angry mood.
We need to do something about that.
I'll do anything for Tom.
Tom tautologically said that tautological tautology is tautological.
Are the children at school?
I didn't know you were hurt.
Tom is in trouble again.
Are you really going to cook dinner for us?
I'll help Tom when I can.
Young children usually have short attention spans.
Tom is on another phone.
We need to get this truck unloaded.
I'm prepared to help Tom.
I haven't finished eating.
Tom is pretty obnoxious.
I'm not yet prepared to do that.
Is there some way I can repay you for this?
My name isn't really Tom.
What business is it of yours what I do with my money?
Tom is terribly jealous.
We probably don't have enough time.
Nobody can say no to Tom.
I'm getting ready to go out.
Tom is too weak to work.
You'll change your mind after I explain it.
Tell Tom that I'm coming.
The doctor says that I'll never be able to swim again.
Tom is younger than you.
We still have things we have to do.
Tell Tom that I'm eating.
I didn't know you liked dogs.
Tom isn't a good leader.
Are you sure you don't want to swim with us?
Tell Tom that I'm hungry.
What business is it of yours what I want to do with my money?
Tom isn't angry with me.
I am ready to die. I hope it's not too uncomfortable.
We do this kind of thing all the time.
This is too easy for Tom.
I have an umbrella in my car.
Tom isn't honest at all.
Can you tell me why you want to work for us?
This was a gift from Tom.
All the kids I grew up with could swim before they started going to school.
Tom will arrive shortly.
We thought you had decided to stay.
We're trying to find Tom.
Have the courage to use your own understanding.
I will follow you very soon.
Stretch out your hand to me.
I hope you're feeling better.
Tom arrived after I left.
Did you have a dog when you were growing up?
Are you sure Tom can swim?
We weren't given any food or water.
Tom brought me this book.
I hurt my shoulder yesterday.
Ask Tom when he gets back.
What time do you usually get up on Saturday?
Tom calls me every night.
This is the watch that I lost a week ago.
We'll assist you in any way we can.
Don't mention that to Tom.
I need to practice my French.
Tom came out of the room.
Are you sure you want to do that by yourself?
Everybody looks up to Tom.
We'll be there rain or shine.
Tom cooked dinner for us.
I wouldn't swim in this lake.
Have you been mean to Tom?
You should just keep doing what you're doing.
Tom did the work himself.
We'll be working on that this week.
Have you been nice to Tom?
I'm going home in three days.
Tom didn't speak to Mary.
Did you really swim for three hours yesterday?
I actually like Tom a lot.
We'll still be in Boston on Monday.
I'm not racist, but I vote for racist politicians with racist policy plans.
I'm not homophobic, but I have no problem with electroshock therapy for gay people.
I'm not a tyrant, but I rule a country without the consent of the majority of its population and intend to make drastic changes that most of them don't want.
Once I start cleaning, I can't stop myself.
I care about you a great deal.
I believe Tom can do that.
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
Tom doesn't eat properly.
We're getting a lot of things done.
I bought this TV from Tom.
I need to make an appointment.
Tom drove Mary to Boston.
What do you think might be causing the problem?
I can't catch up with Tom.
What was your name before you changed it?
I got mine; fuck you.
We're going in the right direction.
Tom forced me to do that.
I stayed inside all day today.
I can't disagree with Tom.
You'll remember this for the rest of your life.
Tom forgot to wear a hat.
We're going to have to verify this.
I could see Tom was drunk.
I'd like to make a phone call.
Tom hasn't slept in days.
You're not really planning to do that, are you?
I could see Tom was happy.
We're not doing anything right now.
Tom is a dancing teacher.
I'll take you to the bus stop.
I couldn't but admire Tom.
Are you sure the boss will let us go home early?
Tom is a firearms expert.
We're not exactly sure what it was.
I do hope Tom gets better.
I'm going to need a ride home.
Tom is a history teacher.
You'll have more fun if you do what I suggested.
I feel very sorry for Tom.
We're not going to change anything.
Tom is a really nice man.
I'm sorry for criticizing you.
I first met Tom in Boston.
Are you really willing to help me paint my house?
Tom is a very modest man.
We had never met each other.
We were just going to get to know each other.
We were just getting to know each other.
My natural thrust is to finish things that I’ve begun.
I have a friend or two who make my life very rich.
Putting your house in order, if you can do it, is one of the most comforting activities, and the benefits of it are incalculable.
At a certain point, if you still have your marbles and are not faced with serious financial challenges, you have a chance to put your house in order.
For some odd reason, I have all my marbles, so far.
Tom claims he's not racist but just politically incorrect.
The big change is the proximity to death.
The waffle is unchewable.
We're not sure what else we can do.
I hope Tom comes tomorrow.
I didn't have a very good time.
Tom is as strong as ever.
How long does it usually take you to fall asleep?
I hope Tom gets home soon.
We're quite happy with the results.
Tom is busy, and so am I.
I have a right to privacy, too.
I invited Tom to my house.
He fears for his life.
She fears for her life.
They fear for their lives.
I fear for my life.
Our lives are in grave danger.
We are in grave danger.
They are in grave danger.
She is in grave danger.
He is in grave danger.
You are in grave danger.
We are all in grave danger.
You must escape.
I'm not a racist. I just don't like those people.
Say it ain't so.
I don't associate with those people.
You people are always very unfair to me.
The author's juxtaposition of the two characters highlights their flaws.
His death was instantaneous.
This law mitigates the negative effects of economic recessions.
They ravaged the countryside, obliterating everything in their path.
It is unavoidable that the fighting will intensify.
He's trying to appeal to the least common denominator.
It's just mindless entertainment.
The author's juxtaposition of the two characters highlights their differences, but also their similarities.
Of all the forms of government, democracy is the least bad.
What do you like and dislike?
My family is from England.
All we know about him is that he likes goat cheese. I wish you success in your work, guys!
There is no third possibility.
The separatists began to occupy the airport.
For the thousandth time, I'm telling you not to do it.
Catherine was born in 1985.
Why don't you just do it?
He is suffering from kidney disease.
He is suffering from kidney failure.
She is suffering from kidney disease.
She is suffering from kidney failure.
This can cause liver damage.
It can cause liver damage.
It can cause kidney failure.
This can cause kidney failure.
I suffered from kidney failure.
How are your kidneys?
Your liver is doing fine.
Your kidneys are doing fine.
Rain allows the ground to shine.
They can cause kidney failure.
They can cause liver failure.
That caused my kidneys to fail.
That caused my liver to fail.
We are all going to die, aren't we?
That's just sad.
We bought two crates of beer.
None of you have any idea what I've been through.
Tom is eager to go there.
We're really looking forward to it.
I knew Tom didn't do that.
I still have a report to write.
Tom is hated by everyone.
You should come visit me when you have time.
I knew Tom was a Canadian.
We're trying to do the right thing.
Tom is having coffee now.
It does not necessarily get better, but it can if we make it.
I think I need to see a doctor.
I know Tom is watching me.
You'd better not tell anyone about what happened.
Tom is interested in art.
We're trying to do the smart thing.
I lent my umbrella to Tom.
I'm trying to find Park Street.
Tom is just a little boy.
Are you really the one who donated all that money?
I mailed a package to Tom.
Should I really be worried?
Superman can fly.
This is the only thing I care about.
Is this the only thing you care about?
Is that the only thing you care about?
Tom doesn't know who the president is.
Some voters are misinformed.
Some voters are ignorant.
Give him a day or two.
We're waiting for things to happen.
Tom is my closest friend.
I appreciate what you do for me.
I met Tom at Mary's party.
Call me when you get there, so I know you're safe.
Tom is no longer at home.
We're working on getting that done.
I remember writing to Tom.
I don't feel like cooking today.
Tom is our oldest member.
I'm sorry this took so long.
Sorry this took so long.
Yo-yos can spin really fast.
Let's give Tom a chance before we freak out.
I want Tom to prove me wrong.
Tom is inexperienced and makes extreme statements, but he's not ideological.
Tom isn't ideological.
Tom is inexperienced and makes extreme statements.
Tom makes extreme statements.
I don't blame you for that.
Do you like dinosaurs?
Tom's face turned red with anger.
Tom's coming over.
Is Tom still with Mary?
Do what's right.
When did you first notice you were being followed?
I tried to call Tom again.
We've accomplished a lot of things.
Tom is putting on weight.
I have to get back to my office.
I want to do this for Tom.
Wouldn't it be better if you did that by yourself?
Tom is washing his hands.
We've spent a lot of time together.
I want to go out with Tom.
I haven't finished eating yet.
Tom isn't a good teacher.
You're not planning to stay up all night, are you?
I was sitting next to Tom.
We didn't need to get here so early.
Tom isn't in a good mood.
I promise I won't be late again.
I went to church with Tom.
Are you sure you don't want to go swimming with us?
Tom isn't much of a poet.
I helped you save your lives.
The problems are not going away. They're constantly growing.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The yapping mutt from next door hardly let me get a moment's shut-eye all night.
We ate a nice meal and drank wine.
I do still love you, Mary, even if you are getting old.
You can't always win.
I thought Hillary would win.
I thought Tom would win.
"I will talk with Mary as soon as possible.", Tom thought to himself.
Tom is easily startled.
Horses are easily startled.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Tom has the memory of a gold fish.
Tom dresses like a cowboy.
The world is in chaos.
Mom said if I misbehave, she'll take away the computer for a week.
Mars is a planet.
Tell me what you really think.
Your book is in my office.
We're reading the same book.
How many meters are in a kilometer?
There are several cafes in the park.
There aren't any books in French in the library.
Are you going to show me where you work?
Stephen King is one of my favorite authors.
It's pretty hot today.
When he came to, he needed a little bit of time to figure out where he was.
He was last on the list.
Purchasing power has greatly fallen.
The capital of Spain is Madrid and the official language is Spanish.
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.
You can't decrease the size of this file without losing quality.
I think he's losing his touch.
I think Tom's losing his touch.
Take your hands off her.
His mother must be proud.
Your mother must be proud.
Tom and Mary built a sand castle on the beach.
The tide destroyed the sand castle.
He's very peculiar.
He's the most handsome man I've ever met.
Tom is the most handsome man I've ever met.
He's so perfect.
They don't make them like that anymore.
Be home before dark.
I've never really thought about having children.
I've never thought much about it.
Her voice was cold.
What exactly are you suggesting?
Is Tom really the manager?
Is Tom really a teacher?
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Everything is connected to everything.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Everything is interconnected.
We've got a serious problem.
You must consider your health.
The only limit is your imagination.
Who's your favourite southpaw baseball player?
I find it hard to understand him.
A price rise is what followed after it.
Mary has not written since she left.
Have you ever seen Mary without makeup?
Tom played the main part in the school musical.
English is one language separating two nations.
Is that musical coming to the West End?
The prime minister agreed that the government needed to be restructured.
Tom severs ties with anyone that insults him.
My first computer only had kilobytes of memory.
The hole in his sock is so big that you can see his ankle.
Our granddaughter was born two days ago.
They won't be able to find a hotel.
Only those with poor memories are happy.
He turned seventeen in February.
A smoker harms other people.
They will arrive at the train station in seven hours.
I should've warned you earlier.
When is your sister's flight?
The engine is working normally.
I have a lot of friends that can speak French well.
She got angry with us.
She sells sweets so she can make a little bit of money.
He and I went through hell together.
We traveled around Australia.
We will attack at sunrise.
Sometimes I read so much that I forget about food and sleep.
Tom has a few screws loose upstairs.
The guests prepared for their departure and packed their suitcases noisily.
Sympathy, for me, is the only form of bribery .
Unfortunately, it would be too difficult to find support for this.
Tom does not know the difference between a doctor and a charlatan.
I don't like eating pineapples. They taste quite sour.
Denying the obvious is stupid.
He knows that that is your responsibility.
The reason for my return is that the people of Chile are extraordinarily amiable.
When I was twenty two years old, I was the master of the breast stroke.
Thank you for this revealing lecture!
Tom is not afraid to ruffle some feathers.
Once a year there is an unannounced fire drill and all of the employees have to leave the building immediately.
This might ruffle some feathers.
Now it's time to do some serious soul-searching.
Now it's time for some serious soul-searching.
What language do you speak there?
Good things come when you least expect them.
Good things come when you least expect it.
To prove that I am right, I would have to admit that I could be wrong.
Push buttons are a practical fastener for children's clothes.
Get your house in order.
Down the coast from the shingle beach was a secluded cove.
Tom lives a secluded life.
You can soften dialysis tubing by soaking it in water.
I won't give up on us.
Don't cross your arms.
Don't cross your arms. It makes you seem defensive.
Don't cross your arms across your chest.
Mark Halperin, a documentary film maker, said: "Outside of the U.S. Civil War and World War II but including the attacks of September 11, the election of Donald Trump may be the most cataclysmic event this country has ever seen."
Perhaps you've never tasted a field-ripened pineapple. They can be wonderfully sweet.
Please remember that we are all volunteers trying to cooperate to continuously improve the Tatoeba website.
I don't take offence at your comments, but really, there was no call to make rude remarks. Let's all be kind and assume good will.
Mass culture is mainly the product of television.
I like egg whites.
Being a native doesn't necessarily mean that one knows and remembers everything about his or her own native language.
I do not want to bother.
How come you're able to speak this language?
I thought I'd left them at home.
You might have left them in the car.
We are all doomed.
We're all doomed.
My apprehensions turned out to be justified.
It turned out that my apprehensions were justified.
Who is this maniac?
He is a monster.
She is a monster.
They are all monsters.
He is no monster, I assure you.
The leaf is falling.
We are about to land.
We need to colonize Mars.
We need to colonize other planets.
Do aliens exist?
Does extraterrestrial life exist?
How do you define life?
How does one define life?
What is life?
We must make colonization of other planets one of our top priorities.
Colonization of other planets is one of our top priorities.
It is indeed rocket science.
Is terraforming possible?
He is willing to stand up for his beliefs.
She is willing to stand up for her beliefs.
When are the elections?
When were the elections?
I'm not a maniac. You're the maniac.
She's not a maniac.
She's a maniac.
She is not a maniac.
She is a maniac.
I am not a crook.
What is your favorite language?
What is your favorite consonant?
What is your favorite vowel?
What is your favorite sound?
What are your favorite consonants?
What are your favorite vowels?
What are your favorite languages?
I'm a God-fearing man.
He is not a God-fearing man.
When did you find out about that?
I never learned that in school.
They don't teach that in schools, but they should.
This should be taught in schools.
Schools don't teach the right things.
I'm a liberal.
I'm a conservative.
I'm a libertarian.
I'm a socialist.
I'm a democrat.
I'm a Democrat.
I'm a Republican.
My political affiliations are none of your business.
When you meet a new person, do not, under any circumstances, talk about politics.
I am a conservative.
I am a liberal.
I am a libertarian.
I am a socialist.
I am a democrat.
I am a Democrat.
I am a Republican.
I'm terrible at small talk.
I believe in democracy.
This will erode our credibility.
This will erode his credibility if it is made more widely known.
I am perfect.
I have no faults.
He has no faults.
She has no faults.
They have no faults.
It has no faults.
It has no defects.
You know I'm always interested in hearing more about that subject.
Lock and load.
Slavery still exists.
It is horrendous that the phenomenon of child soldiers still exists.
I am a pacifist.
I am not a pacifist.
I am not a liberal.
I am not a conservative.
I am not a libertarian.
I am not a socialist.
I do not believe in liberalism.
I do not believe in conservatism.
I do not believe in libertarianism.
I do not believe in socialism.
I do not believe in pacifism.
Such a philosophy seems reasonable on paper, but it never works out in the real world.
Stupidity is universal.
There was so much paperwork and bureaucracy I just gave up.
Each bureaucrat has their own idiosyncrasies as to what papers they will require from you. To be safe, bring all the papers you can, and then get the ones that you can't. Even then, you will be at their whim.
The bureaucracy is intolerable.
The bureaucracy was intolerable. I'm glad I left.
I left all that behind years ago.
Why are you cheering for a politician?
A politician always forgets.
Say it ain't so!
Bigots are incapable of discriminating, since they lump individuals into homogeneous groupings.
These ideas look great on paper, but never work out in the real world.
Theoretically, I'm for it, but this could never be implemented in the real world.
We didn't want anything more to eat.
I wish Tom were alive now.
I swim three or four times a week.
Tom accidentally did that.
Did the doctor say it was OK for you to go swimming?
I'd like to look like Tom.
We don't have any chance of winning.
Tom acts like a rock star.
I'm looking for the post office.
I'll never hurt Tom again.
When did you first notice that your wallet was missing?
Tom acts like a tough guy.
We have an urgent need for blankets.
I'll never kiss Tom again.
I'm sick of being stuck at home.
Tom admitted his mistakes.
Are you having any difficulty breathing through your nose?
I'm glad Tom was punished.
We have issues we have to deal with.
Tom almost never did that.
Yea, I guess you can call that a supermarket.
It is indeed time to 'drain the swamp' in Washington D.C.!
Ask anybody who's had a chance to meet Khanna in person, and they'll tell you just how easy it is to warm up to him.
All good in the hood?
In general, generals run faster than soldiers.
I'm sick of listening to his complaints.
I'm getting tired of doing this.
I've canceled my trip to Boston.
I'm sure Tom will do that.
You can't go yet because you still have a few things to do.
Tom almost started to cry.
We have shared values and interests.
I've known Tom since 2013.
I believe things will get better.
Tom also needs to do that.
You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Is Tom's name on the list?
We have to reduce the national debt.
Tom bought a dozen donuts.
I can't believe how good this is.
It seems that Tom is sick.
You haven't yet done what you were supposed to do, have you?
Tom bought a hat for Mary.
We have to take care of our parents.
Luckily, Tom wasn't there.
I don't really like Mexican food.
Tom built himself a house.
I will take your suitcase.
The runners were jumping in place.
I am a centrist.
I'm a centrist.
I am not a centrist.
I'm not a centrist.
I believe in centrism.
I do not believe in centrism.
I don't believe in centrism.
I am not a fan of centrism.
I'm not a fan of centrism.
I am not a fan of liberalism.
I'm not a fan of liberalism.
I am not a fan of conservatism.
I'm not a fan of conservatism.
I am not a fan of socialism.
I'm not a fan of socialism.
I am a fan of conservatism.
I am a fan of socialism.
I am a fan of liberalism.
I am a fan of libertarianism.
I'm a fan of libertarianism.
I'm a fan of liberalism.
I'm a fan of socialism.
I'm a fan of conservatism.
I am a fan of pacifism.
I am a fan of environmentalism.
I'm a fan of environmentalism.
I'm a fan of pacifism.
I am not a fan of pacifism.
I am not a fan of environmentalists.
I'm not a fan of pacifism.
I'm not a fan of environmentalists.
I am not a fan of environmentalism.
I like environmentalism, but not environmentalists.
His apprehensions were justified.
Her apprehensions were justified.
Their apprehensions were justified.
My apprehensions were justified.
Your apprehensions were justified.
Our apprehensions were justified.
We must leave this place.
Are you for or against open borders?
I am not a fan of libertarianism.
I'm not a fan of libertarianism.
I loathe you.
They should teach this in schools.
Why is this being taught in schools?
Why are they teaching this in schools?
The inmates have taken over the asylum.
I don't know why you don't like Tom.
He wanted to stay in this city.
It's simply easier for me.
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.
Besides a sofa and a table, there wasn't any furniture in the living room.
Eat the soup before it gets cold.
"Doctor, help, I can't feel my legs at all!" "Don't worry, that's completely normal. I amputated them."
Production has increased by four times in the past ten years.
My daughter lives in Rio de Janeiro, which is four hundred miles away from Sao Paulo.
I can't be calm while talking about this.
My heart breaks when I think about this.
I lost a glove. Now what should I do with the second one?
"Do cats dream?" "Well, sure!"
He acts like he doesn't know anything.
The test results are still not in.
What do squirrels dream about?
We didn't know each other until today.
I don't want him to work with us.
At the moment, the time difference between Japan and Italy is eight hours.
I didn't read any of these books.
A woman is walking towards us.
The local population helps fight forest fires.
There is fog over the lake.
There's really nothing to comment about.
We have serious problems.
And what, do I give off the impression that I am unable to take care of myself?
Tom sucks.
He knows his way around the city.
She knows her way around the city.
They know their way around the city.
We know our way around the city.
Are you sure you really want to go swimming on a day like this?
Tell Tom I love Mary, too.
We haven't been able to do that yet.
Tom couldn't protect Mary.
I hope you have a good afternoon.
Tell Tom that I'm driving.
We haven't done that in a long time.
Tom criticizes everything.
I still have a lot of things to buy.
Tell Tom that I'm thirsty.
The terrible end of the World Trade Centre remains unforgotten.
We haven't lived up to expectations.
Tom did what he should do.
I tried to swim across the river.
Tell me what Tom told you.
We haven't really talked about this.
Tom didn't come till noon.
I'd like a table near the window.
That is no fault of Tom's.
We just need to do better next time.
Tom didn't like it at all.
I'd like to buy something to eat.
This must be hard for Tom.
We knew we didn't do anything wrong.
I'll take the children to school.
All Tom does is play games.
We moved to Boston when I was three.
Tom doesn't like children.
I'm looking for the Hilton Hotel.
Ask Tom to stop doing that.
They did not sit on the beach.
The mayonaise is pure chemistry.
He's a cracking bloke, he is.
I want to know where the ice-cream is.
There are people who think humans didn't go to the moon.
This room has a hundred ruble entrance fee. Those who knock get a 100% discount.
Tom is an ambitious young man.
Mary is an ambitious young woman.
I'm not doing this.
You're doing it again.
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
Change is in the air. And when people demand change, it is the job of politicians to respond.
The wise ones fashion speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve.
Tom sifted the warm sand through his fingers.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today.
We need to start winning some games.
Tom doesn't live far away.
I don't feel like cooking tonight.
Does Tom like Chinese food?
We probably don't have enough money.
Tom doesn't often do that.
I left my umbrella here last week.
I asked Tom where he lived.
We still have a lot more work to do.
Tom doesn't own any books.
I still have things I need to buy.
I asked Tom why he was sad.
We still have a lot of things to do.
Tom doesn't play baseball.
I know you're responsible for this.
I bet Tom enjoyed it a lot.
We weren't expecting this to happen.
Tom doesn't read anything.
I still have a lot of things to do.
I bet you Tom will be late.
We'll all have to just wait and see.
Tom dressed up as a woman.
I still haven't decided what to do.
I can't get along with Tom.
We'll be moving to Boston in a year.
Tom drove along the river.
I thought you might like this book.
I could see Tom was asleep.
We'll be moving to Boston next year.
Tom forgot to wear gloves.
Now the good news is, we can solve these problems and meet these challenges, because America, by definition, is an innovation society.
Voting matters, I don't know how many times we have to learn this lesson.
I believe that when people see opportunity, when they have a sense of control of their own destiny, then they're less vulnerable to the propaganda and twisted ideologies that have been attracting young people - particularly now being turbocharged through social media.
I wish I hadn't gone to that party.
I didn't know Tom was dead.
We'll try to do what we can to help.
Tom gave me back my money.
I'll take you to the train station.
I don't get along with Tom.
We're going to do as much as we can.
Tom got a job as a waiter.
I don't think this rain will let up.
I don't think Tom heard me.
We're moving in the right direction.
Tom got kicked by a horse.
I have a question I want to ask you.
I enjoyed talking with Tom.
We're no different from anyone else.
Tom got married last year.
I see no reason to change our plans.
I exchanged seats with Tom.
We're not going to let that stop us.
Tom got sick last weekend.
I still haven't decided what to buy.
I forgot to speak with Tom.
We're not perfect, but we try to be.
Tom had his wallet stolen.
I still haven't decided where to go.
I generally agree with Tom.
We're not really worried about that.
Tom had trouble breathing.
I think you should take the day off.
I had a nice chat with Tom.
We're not worried about that at all.
Tom has a beautiful smile.
I'd recommend that you try to relax.
I have to help Tom do that.
We're ready for whatever might come.
Tom has a store in Boston.
I could really use a drink right now.
I hear Tom has quit school.
We're still investigating the cause.
Tom has always been smart.
I don't feel like doing this anymore.
I hope Tom comes home soon.
We're the only ones who'll be there.
Tom has broken the record.
I guess you don't need new tires yet.
I hope Tom will write soon.
We've been married for thirty years.
Tom has gone to the store.
I was surprised to see you yesterday.
I know Tom was proud of me.
We've been together for a long time.
Tom has his arm in a cast.
I'd like to introduce you to my boss.
I know that Tom likes Mary.
We've been working on that all week.
Tom has just lost his job.
I'm sorry I was late for class today.
I sat down across from Tom.
We've got a lot of stuff left to do.
Tom has lots of new ideas.
I've already told everybody about it.
I suggest that you see Tom.
We've had very fruitful discussions.
Tom has quite a few books.
I couldn't sleep because of the noise.
I want to give this to Tom.
We've raised three healthy children.
Tom has terrible eyesight.
I don't want to talk to you right now.
I wonder how Tom got there.
We never forget the first kiss.
Julia gives her daughter a kiss.
You are tired this evening.
You do not have to be an artist in order to see the beauty in everyday things.
Singing in the shower is one of his favorite things to do.
The days got shorter.
Be more careful with the hammer - don't hit my finger!
Can you abstain from smoking for a week?
You can't even imagine how big of a snake I saw today!
In small towns, everyone knows everything about one another.
Who will keep an eye on things?
Do you know how to convert from Celsius to Fahrenheit?
Besides a living room in the house, there were also two bedrooms and, of course, a kitchen and a bathroom.
The boat floated away from the shore and soon disappeared into the fog.
This old house needs a good housekeeper.
Where were you? I lost you.
We watched an interesting movie.
It's important to debrief subjects after an experiment.
Tom found the sheer size of the city bewildering at first.
Tom is constantly streamlining his business plan.
As a conspiracy theorist, Tom is always in a certain amount of danger.
Tom had strawberry blonde hair when he was a child.
Did you wait for us?
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
You break it, you buy it.
Nothing is troublesome that one does willingly.
What did you bring for us?
We've remade this video three times.
Tom insulted me in public.
I have no idea who took your suitcase.
I'll buy this desk for Tom.
We've sold some but not a whole lot.
Tom is a childhood friend.
I'd like a cup of coffee, too, please.
I'm on good terms with Tom.
We've spent a lot of time in Boston.
Tom is a short, heavy man.
I'm going to the beach this afternoon.
I'm sure Tom won't do that.
We don't care how much water you use.
Tom is a very lazy person.
I've already been swimming once today.
We don't have a thing to worry about.
Tom is a well-behaved boy.
I don't have the confidence to do that.
It was nice to talk to Tom.
You're never satisfied with anything I do.
You don't look anything like her.
You don't look anything like him.
Don't pretend you're so innocent.
You didn't have to be rude to Tom.
You didn't have to be rude to Mary.
Is there anything else troubling you?
Don't act innocent with me.
Don't act so innocent with me. I know what you're up to.
Don't pretend you don't know what I mean.
It's only a small setback.
I tapped my foot on the floor.
Mary tapped her foot on the floor.
Tom took an anger management class.
He sounded irritated.
She sounded irritated.
Tom sounded irritated.
Tom is a talented hockey player.
Do you see anything in your crystal ball?
I've never felt that way before.
We don't know what's going to happen.
Tom is absent from school.
I should probably get back to work now.
My car's bigger than Tom's.
We have a good reason for doing this.
Tom is an intelligent boy.
I think that's the guy who attacked me.
Nobody could say no to Tom.
We have an extraordinary design team.
Tom is an intelligent man.
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.
Stay here and wait for Tom.
We have to be prepared for the worst.
Tom is as tall as you are.
I'd like to go swimming this afternoon.
Tell Tom that I'm not here.
We have to do that as soon as we can.
Tom is by no means stupid.
I couldn't go swimming much last summer.
Tell Tom that I'm not home.
We have to figure out how to do that.
Tom is certain to do that.
I didn't know you couldn't speak French.
Tell Tom that I'm sleeping.
We have to learn to trust each other.
Tom is certain to succeed.
I didn't know you were going to be here.
Tell Tom what he should do.
We have to take care of our children.
Tom is certain to turn up.
Britain began to industrialise in the late eighteenth century.
Tom is certain to show up.
My world is you!
Britain began to industrialize in the late eighteenth century.
Read this tonight.
Read good books.
Tom had to have some teeth taken out because he had overcrowding.
'Gender identity disorder' was the old term for gender dysphoria, but it is now considered stigmatising.
I think Tom's anger is just a defense mechanism; I wouldn't take it personally if I were you.
I dressed up as a vampire for Halloween.
Tell Tom which bus to take.
We haven't been able to achieve that.
Tom is cleaning his rifle.
I think you have too many pairs of shoes.
Tell Tom which one to take.
We haven't had any complaints so far.
Tom is dating my daughter.
I'm tired of feeling like I don't belong.
That's a good deal for Tom.
Why can't you just be honest?
Why can't you just be honest with me?
Why can't you just be honest about it?
I've never been anything but honest with you.
Don't go away!
We hope there won't be any bloodshed.
Tom is hungry and thirsty.
I don't seem to be having much luck today.
This is a message from Tom.
We need to be prepared for the worst.
Tom is interested in math.
I hope you and your wife have a nice trip.
Aren't you going to ask Tom?
We talked about that on the way home.
Tom is just a know-it-all.
There are rumors that Tom's wife didn't vote for him.
This is only a symptom of a deeper problem.
I don't know your limits.
The Netherlands is a country of cycling.
Don't fear the stinging of the thorns if you want to break the rose.
This feels wrong to me.
Tom doesn't know what a star is and what a celestial body is.
Should we go forth with the party on Saturday?
In the event of misfortune, celebrations are the best.
Tom's helicopter crashed on the edge of the town.
We never know when adventure will step into our lives, but when it does, we must seize it.
You cannot outsmart destiny.
How many books are in your library?
I sang on the podium.
The man said something to the driver in a weak voice.
Could you explain your previous statement?
Our opponents are teachers which cost us nothing.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is commonly known as 'CPR'.
I am, by no means, allowed to become ill now, tomorrow is my holiday.
Give him a sword so he won't be killed.
Permission is needed before you go into my bedroom.
I keep hoping that things will get better.
Ask Tom about what happened.
We'll be fine no matter what happens.
Tom is kind to old people.
I can't believe this is actually happening.
Does Tom study after dinner?
We're all hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom is lactose intolerant.
I didn't know you didn't understand French.
Either Tom is wrong or I am.
Climate change is not a hoax.
Where's the nearest underground station?
Where's the nearest tube station?
The president-elect's cabinet selection process appeared in disarray, even as his fawning acolytes disputed multiple news reports of backbiting, vendettas, infighting and persistent, bitter acrimony. With the constantly ongoing palace intrigue, it was difficult to know for certain who was in charge.
Truffles are very expensive.
Tom is texting frantically on his phone.
I should have done it.
You should have done it.
We should have done it.
He should have done it.
They should have done it.
She should have done it.
I could have done it.
He could have done it.
She could have done it.
They could have done it.
We could have done it.
We're all shocked that this happened.
Tom is mumbling something.
I went to the Halloween party as a vampire.
Everyone is looking for Tom.
We're all waiting for that to happen.
Tom is my favorite singer.
I'd like to send this package to Australia.
How do you really feel, Tom?
We're going to be in Boston all week.
Tom is not a friendly guy.
I'd recommend that you try to take it easy.
How many times did Tom call?
We're not going to do that right now.
Tom is now short of money.
I heard about what happened at school today.
I almost felt sorry for Tom.
We're not likely to use this anymore.
Tom is opening the window.
I still haven't decided who to give this to.
I always told Tom the truth.
What is your least favorite language?
This is an ugly language.
Trust those who seek the truth but doubt those who claim they have found it.
Believe those who seek the truth but doubt those who say they've found it.
It's an ugly language.
You get used to everything.
You get used to anything.
It rained last night.
The president-elect has yet to clarify his views, having taken conflicting positions on almost every political issue he chose to address during the election campaign, and on other issues having limited himself to meaningless, preposterously vague promises about the nation's supposed future greatness.
We're quite confident that'll happen.
Tom is out of your league.
I think that's the guy who told me to leave.
I asked Tom for his address.
We've been waiting for this for ages.
Tom is playing tennis now.
I don't remember ever seeing you here before.
I call Tom almost every day.
We've done a lot of work around here.
Tom is preparing to leave.
I don't think that's what people really think.
I could see Tom was unhappy.
We've got a lot of problems to solve.
Tom is reading a book now.
I have the feeling that I've been here before.
I don't think Tom heard you.
We've spent almost thirty years here.
Tom is responsible for it.
I thought you said you wanted to go to Boston.
I explained the rule to Tom.
I resent the self-confident nations.
I laughed like you were like those people that we weren't able to make Czechoslovakian.
We need to come up with a plan, and fast.
Actually, she's very transparent when it comes to emotions.
I'll be fine, don't worry.
I need to think of a plan, and fast.
Can I even do that?
It seemed like he carried the world on his shoulders.
Having seen the torrential downpour, I'm afraid I'll have to reschedule today's class.
According to a survey done by the UN in 2015, Russia is one of the few countries that has a large number of both immigrants and emigrants.
Obviously, he can do what he wants with his money.
Obviously, he can do whatever he wants with his money.
I don't want to stay in bed any longer.
I turned on the radio and turned off the television.
The game ended with a 1-tie.
The woman bought it.
The men bought it.
We buy.
Why do people tend to translate everything that's written into their native language?
We bought it.
Natalie is sleeping, isn't she?
He bought it.
She bought it.
Gracy says that she wants to talk with you.
You bought it.
What is it you wanted to tell me, yesterday?
I really like cookies n' cream ice cream.
I'm not sure if I have the courage to ask for her number.
The goalie will have to be replaced.
You didn't say whether she wouldn't participate in the competition?
My heart aches.
Was that the girl who talked to you?
Was that the girl who asked you to take a photo of her?
Was that the girl who was looking at you?
"What are you guys going to do this weekend?" "I don't know."
Is Polish difficult to learn?
Buy it!
Serbians and Brazilians really like soccer.
You bought, the women bought.
Slavic languages fascinate me.
What did you want to say to me yesterday?
Yesterday I finished studying Esperanto on Duolingo.
I don't know if I have the courage to ask for her number.
What you say may be true...
Am I so very different?
The chances of our team winning are fifty-fifty.
There are a lot of things I want to learn.
For years I've been saying that this wouldn't end well.
I see that the girl is pretty.
Who's that girl waving at me?
What was she thinking when she came to tell me that?
Is Mary always like this?
Near my house, there's a park.
The President needs to sign a law regulating public spending.
Marika is Finnish, but she speaks German.
She was examined thoroughly.
Even now, Mary remembers Tom's bitter words.
Mary still remembers Tom's bitter words.
The children blow dandelions to see the seeds disperse on the wind.
After graduation, Tom decided to find work in Panama.
He harvested a basketful of mushrooms.
The circumstances of his death have not yet been clarified.
Tom feels at home in the jungle.
The neighbor's cats meow through the night.
Foxes, squirrels, hedgehogs, and many other small animals live in this forest.
Without saying a word, Tom and Mary left the cinema and went home.
"I like Andy Murphy's movies." "But mom! It's Will Smith." "Who?"
The sky suddenly darkened yesterday afternoon.
The man is drinking coffee.
We have a book.
She died in a transit accident.
A politician should serve society.
Where is the train to Odawara?
You should sleep early.
It's possible that he's a genius.
In Greek mythology, Ares was the god of war.
The medic knew that it was a carcinogenic substance but didn't inform the authorities.
Although the journalist was a guest of the independent candidate for a Chinese district council, the current government sent a group of eight men who stood in a tight semi-circle in front of her door to block his entry. When she then appeared at the window of the house, they used a large piece of sheet metal to block a second attempt to interview her.
The grandmother used a parasol to protect herself from the scorching summer sun.
The car broke down and I brought it to the garage to get fixed.
He started shaking in fear.
I spent the whole day thinking about her.
The expensive china broke into a thousand pieces.
Luckily, that problem was solved at just the right time.
Every Sunday, at exactly six in the morning, the priest opens the church doors and rings the bell.
You can store information if you use a computer.
We were in the Rio de Janeiro botanical gardens.
This fountain was built in the 18th century.
The seas are rough today.
It was a nice day so we went fishing.
The boy fell in the fountain.
In the summer, when the wind blows, ripe wheat moves like golden waves.
Everything was simpler then.
The firefighter put out the fire quickly.
What you did is immoral.
Why did you kill the snake?
In the summer, ants gather food for the winter.
Tom already told me that.
Buy two pizzas and get a free soft drink.
While attending Sunday mass, the grandmother wears a pink dress and a charming mantilla, and the grandfather, a grey suit with a white shirt.
Please do not go near the dog.
He drives to work.
I went there on my own free will.
Whoever wants to come see us is welcome.
My friend comes to the library to study.
You were looking, weren't you?
Tom's limp is psychosomatic.
You swim better than I do.
Which one of the two brothers did you see?
I'm afraid we weren't able to do that.
Tom is selfish and greedy.
I can't believe you're really going to college.
I got a phone call from Tom.
We didn't get much done today, did we?
Tom is sitting over there.
I should've realized the truth a long time ago.
I hope Tom does that for us.
We don't have anything to worry about.
Tom is tired, and so am I.
Well, my friend, it's called "modern-day" slavery.
I didn't know you didn't live in Boston anymore.
I hope Tom will wait for me.
We have a lot more we need to achieve.
Tom is too shy to do that.
I've already told everybody about what happened.
I knew Tom would get better.
We have a lot of room for improvement.
Tom is working on his car.
I can't swim now as well as I used to be able to.
I owe thirty dollars to Tom.
You bought it, didn't you?
Did you really buy that?
All of these sentences are weird.
There's a friendly air around the office.
Tom is part of the LGBTQ+ community.
Tom was holding Mary in his arms.
He doesn't know the word "harmony."
Tom'll need to improve his mapreading skills if he wants to compete in the upcoming orienteering competition.
He would always confide in others.
Jim found work as a waiter.
Is being lonely a choice or a school?
It's been a while since I studied German.
You don't want to sleep?
When is my flight?
Why are the windows open?
I hope that you feel better.
Some people just never learn.
You love each other!
Afterwards, he wasn't lucky in life.
"Are you two dating?" "I don't know."
Was she the one who called you yesterday?
I wish I was by your side right now.
She is intensely preparing for the exam.
Life is good!
Who messed with my wallet?
I can't go out because I have chores to do.
Death is both the end and the beginning.
Who looks at the sky?
He calls her on the phone every day.
He's lazy. He doesn't do anything; he only knows how to give orders.
That happens often enough in the summer.
I saved Mary.
I don't want to keep my friend waiting.
I'm sorry, will you please excuse me?
May I take your glass?
Tom sends his regards.
The poppy-covered field has become the summer's poetical landscape.
At the end of the year, Tom sends holiday cards to his relatives.
My kite flies high in the sky.
We have every intention of doing that.
Tom is young and innocent.
I don't have the confidence to do that by myself.
I plan to break up with Tom.
We have more now than we used to have.
Tom is young and talented.
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.
I read Tom's letter to Mary.
We have no concerns at all about that.
Tom isn't a religious man.
To scare us, Tom tells ghost stories with a terrible voice.
Don't go near the beehive!
Despite our difficulties, we managed to climb the mountain.
Stay away from the beehive.
I've never seen this kind of thing happen before.
I think Tom now understands.
We have no idea who actually did that.
Tom isn't in love with me.
I hope you and your wife can make it to our party.
I think you should kiss Tom.
We have no one but ourselves to blame.
Tom kissed me on the lips.
I'm going on a picnic with my friends next weekend.
I told Tom to take his time.
Dreams can drive me mad.
Don't come near me!
There is a casanova in my jar.
I should have stopped while I had the chance.
You should have stopped while you had the chance.
She should have stopped while she had the chance.
He should have stopped while he had the chance.
They should have stopped while they had the chance.
We should have stopped while we had the chance.
Who's this maniac?
I quit while I was ahead.
He was hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
She was hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
They were hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
We were hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
Learning a foreign language is hard.
Learning foreign languages is hard.
Hearing Spanish makes me think of beautiful tropical destinations.
Just hearing Spanish makes me feel warmer and takes my mind off the freezing cold I'm experiencing right now.
Hearing Russian makes me think of ice and cold.
Just thinking about Spanish makes me feel warmer and takes my mind off the freezing cold I'm experiencing right now.
European Portuguese is the Danish of Iberia.
Danish is the European Portuguese of Scandinavia.
European and Brazilian Portuguese sound very different.
Brazilian and European Portuguese sound very different.
European Portuguese sounds like a mix of Spanish, Russian, and French.
Guess what I've got.
Guess what I've got for you.
European Portuguese sounds like Spanish as spoken by a Russian.
Just the thought of Spanish makes me feel less cold.
We have no reason to change our plans.
Tom knew he had a problem.
I know you'd do the same for me, so don't mention it.
I wish Tom were on our team.
We have nobody to blame but ourselves.
Tom acted like a real baby.
I think there's only a slim chance of that happening.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that.
We have really loyal repeat customers.
Tom allowed us to help him.
I was thinking about going to that new place on Park Street.
I wonder when Tom will come.
We have some other leads to follow up.
Tom always calls on Monday.
I thought you said you could finish writing the report by today.
I'd like to go out with Tom.
We have to find a way to correct that.
Tom always carries a Bible.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case it does.
I'm better-looking than Tom.
He was very busy all day long.
He stood like that without moving, just like a statue.
When a danger threatens us, we look up to God. If the danger ceases, we forget about God.
I forgive you, as long as you don't do such a thing again.
I would never adhere to a secret society.
What does this image make you think of?
Tom affirmed that he saw a UFO.
I wasted too much time looking for you.
I wasted too much time searching for you.
We wasted a lot of time looking for Tom.
You should quit while you're ahead.
This isn't supposed to be possible.
I should've quit while I was ahead.
The spring is my favorite season of the year.
She bought.
You have saved my life.
We have to find out why this happened.
Tom always gets up at 6:30.
We have to make sure we do this right.
I'm grateful for Tom's help.
We have to seriously think about this.
Tom always tells the truth.
We have to take it one step at a time.
I'm not acquainted with Tom.
We haven't been able to get much help.
Tom and I'll come together.
We haven't been paid for three months.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't agree.
We haven't known each other very long.
Tom and Mary are exhausted.
We haven't laid off any employees yet.
I'm wondering if I love Tom.
We haven't seen each other since then.
Tom ate up all the cookies.
We haven't yet discussed that problem.
I've heard that Tom is sick.
Spring is my favorite time of year.
We knew we needed to be there by 2:30.
Tom became a national hero.
We might be able to do that next week.
I've lost patience with Tom.
We need to be a little more efficient.
Tom beckoned me to come in.
We still don't know why this happened.
Is Tom aware of what he did?
We wish we could've done more to help.
Tom began whistling a tune.
Whales are mammals.
We wish we could do more to help.
We're not quite sure why this happens.
Tom came back last October.
We're not sure what's going to happen.
It was great talking to Tom.
We've been waiting for this to happen.
Tom came half an hour late.
We've got our own way of doing things.
It's hard to argue with Tom.
We've made plenty of money doing this.
Tom can run as fast as you.
We've never had any reason to do that.
It's useless to talk to Tom.
We've seen drastic changes since then.
Tom can't afford to retire.
We've seen this happen too many times.
Luckily, Tom didn't do that.
Why should we bother trying to fix it?
Tom carried Mary to safety.
We don't have any strawberry ice cream.
My hair is as long as Tom's.
We don't want them to be uncomfortable.
Tom considers that a waste.
We have a lot to learn from each other.
Tell Tom that I'm exhausted.
We have a simple solution for all this.
Tom cooks for us every day.
We have other priorities at the moment.
Tell Tom where he should go.
We have to find a way to get that done.
Tom copies everything I do.
We have to find another way to do that.
That was no problem for Tom.
We have to make do with what we've got.
Tom couldn't go to college.
We haven't been able to determine that.
That's not why Tom did that.
We haven't decided what to do yet.
Tom decided to risk it all.
We haven't really thought about it yet.
The coat is too big for Tom.
We need to be more realistic than that.
Tom declined my invitation.
We need to get it done before tomorrow.
Will Tom graduate this year?
We used to do a lot of things together.
Tom denied having met Mary.
We used to sit on these steps and talk.
Are you going to Tom's party?
We'd be blamed for that if it happened.
Tom deserves a better life.
We're not quite sure why that happened.
Aren't you going to tell Tom?
We're not sure what we should be doing.
Tom did it single-handedly.
We're proud of what we've accomplished.
Could you hear what Tom said?
We've all done things we're ashamed of.
Tom didn't come until noon.
We've got to get rid of all this trash.
Did Tom really win a lottery?
We've gotten pretty good at doing this.
Tom didn't get paid for it.
Are you sure we're allowed to swim here?
Did you vote for Tom or Mary?
We could've done this without your help.
Tom didn't like that place.
We don't need you to tell us what to do.
Have you been helping Tom?
We don't yet know what we're up against.
Tom didn't seem suspicious.
We have a lot of great guys on our team.
I asked Tom not to bother us.
We have more pressing things to discuss.
Tom didn't walk to the gym.
We have no further details at this time.
I asked Tom to drive me home.
We have no plan at this time to do that.
Tom died at a very old age.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself.
I asked Tom to wait a minute.
We have to get these people out of here.
Tom died of gastric cancer.
We haven't had to deal with this before.
I asked Tom to wait a moment.
We haven't heard anything from them yet.
Tom does it faster than me.
We haven't seen each other since we were kids.
I assume that was Tom's idea.
We probably don't want to do that again.
Tom doesn't know his place.
We probably won't need to do that again.
I didn't want Tom to do that.
We won't be in Boston until next Monday.
Tom doesn't like any sport.
We'll figure things out sooner or later.
I didn't want Tom to help me.
We're all going back to Boston together.
Tom doesn't like computers.
We're both planning to be at your party.
I don't think Tom heard Mary.
Tom doesn't know his birthdate.
Tom doesn't know his date of birth.
We're getting pretty good at doing this.
Tom doesn't like this game.
We're not doing as well as we should be.
I explained the rules to Tom.
We're not the only ones who'll be there.
Tom doesn't often visit us.
We're really, really good at what we do.
I feel kind of sorry for Tom.
We've been eating a lot of beans lately.
Tom doesn't seem to get it.
We've known each other for thirty years.
I know Tom is in great shape.
We have a new coach and some new players.
Tom doesn't take vacations.
We have more important things to discuss.
I know some of Tom's friends.
We have to find out what's going on here.
Tom doesn't understand you.
We have to work hard to fix this problem.
I know what Tom likes to eat.
We're looking forward to your being here.
I prepared breakfast for Tom.
We're one of the best teams in the world.
Tom drives an imported car.
We've all done things we're not proud of.
I relayed the message to Tom.
We've been together for a very long time.
Tom dug a hole in the sand.
We've had discussions about that problem.
I returned Tom's book to him.
We haven't been to Boston in a long time.
Tom drank a glass of water.
We haven't received any help from anyone.
I mentioned your name to Tom.
We need to get this done before tomorrow.
Tom drank himself to death.
We often have barbecues and pool parties.
I plan to write Tom a letter.
We want you to be more careful next time.
Tom drinks coffee every day.
There are lots of things we've got to fix.
Tom elbowed me in the ribs.
There are still some things we need to do.
I saw Tom off at the airport.
We hardly ever talk to each other anymore.
Tom emigrated to Australia.
We have a good team and everyone knows it.
I taught Tom three years ago.
We have other important issues to discuss.
Tom failed to come on time.
We have to figure out what this all means.
I think Tom stole my bicycle.
We have to make sure we get there on time.
Tom fell down on the floor.
We haven't done that as much as we should.
I thought Tom did a nice job.
We met for lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Tom fell flat on the floor.
We need to find what's inside these boxes.
I want to go skiing with Tom.
We probably don't want to do that anymore.
Tom forced Mary to do that.
We probably won't need to do that anymore.
I wish I could've spoken to Tom.
We sat in the very back of the auditorium.
Tom forgot to feed the dog.
We've been together for about three years.
I would like to speak to Tom.
We've got a lot of young guys on our team.
Tom gave me a vague answer.
Your car's speedometer tells you the car's instantaneous speed, not its average speed.
He was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
She was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
I was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
They were hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
We were hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
Are they hostile or friendly?
They were caught in friendly fire.
In my opinion, meditation is more tranquilizing than any medication.
You can use a magnifying glass to magnify small text.
This is one of our top priorities.
This should be one of our top priorities.
The colony was unsuccessful.
The colony was not adequately supported and quickly fell prey to armed incursions, ending the empire's colonial endeavors in that region.
Mnemonics can really help when trying to memorise facts.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself; in your way of thinking.
We have problems that we need to deal with.
I wrote a long letter to Tom.
We have to be careful not to do that again.
Tom gave us a lot of money.
We have to figure out what our options are.
I'll just tell Tom the truth.
We have to make sure that no one does that.
Tom gave us a vague answer.
We have to see what works and what doesn't.
I'll try and reason with Tom.
We have until October to complete our plan.
Tom gets angry very easily.
We haven't finished what we have to do yet.
I'm afraid Tom will get lost.
We haven't had those kinds of problems yet.
Tom goes abroad every year.
We haven't yet finished what we have to do.
I'm already in love with Tom.
We should just keep doing what we're doing.
Tom had blood on his shoes.
We've solved the problem.
We spent hours trying to solve the problem.
I'm pretty sure Tom is upset.
We'd all be very grateful if that happened.
Tom has a brilliant future.
We'd be better off not having one of those.
I'm well acquainted with Tom.
We'll never forget what you've done for us.
Tom has a good memory, too.
We're going to have to do better than this.
I've become friends with Tom.
Hostilities resumed between the two powers.
Hostilities between the two powers resumed.
The colony failed.
What an exciting time to be alive.
Don't do anything you might regret.
I understand your Cantonese.
We're going to have to make some new rules.
Tom has a lot of gray hair.
We've been working on this for a long time.
It looked like Tom was right.
We've never done anything like this before.
Tom has achieved his goals.
We don't have a single thing to worry about.
It looks like Tom is in love.
We have problems that need to be dealt with.
Tom has constructive ideas.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Many things can be bought at the market.
A blender lets you mix different foods together.
I collect snippets of information from a variety of sources.
I gather scraps of information from a variety of sources.
The colony was destroyed.
We have to just keep doing what we're doing.
It seems like Tom is in love.
We have to make sure we're ready to do that.
Tom has enormous potential.
We have to tell people what they need to do.
I told Tom that I was happy.
We need to just keep doing what we're doing.
Tom has excellent reflexes.
We try to go to Boston at least once a year.
It told Tom that I was sorry.
Tom, why would anybody be looking for you?
The mechanic fixed my car without charging me a dime.
We want to get back there as soon as we can.
Tom has got a large family.
We won't be back here again until next year.
I told Tom that I was tired.
We'll do whatever it takes to get that done.
Tom has never come here.
We're going to try to find a way to do that.
It's no use arguing with Tom.
We're here to make sure that doesn't happen.
Tom has nobody to help him.
We've got better things to do with our time.
Mary is knitting Tom a scarf.
We've seen this kind of thing happen before.
Tom has nothing to do here.
We couldn't have done this without your help.
Stop talking to me about Tom.
We have the opportunity to make some changes.
Tom has promised to do that.
We haven't had any problems with them at all.
Tell Tom that I'm not hungry.
Tell Tom I'm not hungry.
We haven't yet done everything we need to do.
Tom has stopped doing that.
We probably won't need to ever do that again.
That's probably what Tom did.
We want to get out of here as soon as we can.
We're not going to answer any more questions.
The hat on the desk is Tom's.
We're not the only ones who've made mistakes.
Tom has to work on his own.
We've achieved a lot in the past three years.
This book was written by Tom.
We've all done things we wish we hadn't done.
Tom hid it behind the door.
We've been working hard to make some changes.
This song was written by Tom.
We've got something we need to talk about.
Tom insisted on doing that.
We've known each other for over thirty years.
All Tom does is complain.
I don't see how I can help you.
We have far better things to do with our time.
Tom intends to change that.
We have to do something about what's going on.
We have to find out what we're supposed to do.
Tom is John's twin brother.
We have to make sure we get this done by 2:30.
Are Tom and Mary your friends?
We probably don't have enough time to do that.
Tom is a real estate agent.
Tom does nothing but watch TV.
Hopefully she doesn't become a maniac like the rest of her family.
Hopefully he doesn't become a maniac like the rest of his family.
Hopefully he doesn't grow up to be a maniac like the rest of his family.
Hopefully she doesn't grow up to be a maniac like the rest of her family.
Who's the first to die?
Who'll be the first to die?
Hopefully, Tom won't be as crazy as the rest of his family when he grows up.
These are the words to learn.
These words are for learning.
Spain once ruled the Philippines.
Kyoto is an exceptionally pretty city.
He left school when he was in high school.
Their heart leaped with joy.
My mum values this writer.
It's a pity that you're leaving Japan.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live on Mars?
In Japan, it's the norm.
They spoke badly of you, but we can't say who it was.
The people need food.
We have a lot of friends who are going to help.
Did you see what Tom just did?
We have no one but ourselves to blame for that.
Tom is a well-known singer.
We have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
How could Tom do such a thing?
We have to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is always dissatisfied.
We have to make sure that we get there on time.
I asked Tom to do that for me.
The human hand is astonishingly versatile.
I want to return to that day.
I think I want to study Persian.
What's Japan's longest river?
Is there any work?
Does anyone want to go up?
We have to make sure we have enough volunteers.
Tom is an architect, right?
We probably won't have to go to Boston anymore.
I asked Tom to do that for us.
We want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
Tom is capable of anything.
We'll see what the judge has to say about that.
I came here hoping to see Tom.
We're not exactly sure what we should be doing.
Tom is confused and scared.
I always make my mother proud.
We've been working on this problem all weekend.
I don't consider Tom a friend.
We've got other things we need to be doing now.
Tom is getting some coffee.
We've now been together for nearly three years.
I had intended to go with Tom.
We have a lot of work to do before that happens.
Tom is good at mathematics.
We have to find out why they want us to do this.
I hope Tom feels better today.
We haven't yet decided what to do with it.
We haven't yet decided what to do tomorrow.
We haven't yet decided what to do.
We have to let people know what they need to do.
Tom is hungry, and so am I.
We have until 2:p.m. Monday to get this done.
I hope Tom will get well soon.
We probably don't have enough money to buy that.
Tom is in a state of shock.
We've got a lot of things that need to be fixed.
I just love to watch Tom play.
We have a lot of good restaurants here in Boston.
Tom is in the bathroom now.
The deed is everything, the glory naught.
I have a tomcat called Cookie.
We have many employees who can speak French well.
I know Tom has gone to Boston.
We have more important things we need to discuss.
Tom is muttering something.
We have to make sure that we never do this again.
I mistook Tom for his brother.
We probably won't have to go to Boston next week.
Tom is my mother's brother.
We're trying to figure out what needs to be done.
I remember seeing Tom do that.
You are my friends
If you had to spontaneously come up with a name, it would be "Tom".
Coffee with lots of sugar and milk passes for a real meal.
I asked the student to quiet down. It was like talking to a wall, nothing happened.
The best observes and the deepest thinkers are always the gentlest judges.
You will eat lightning and crap thunder.
This morning I have solved the problem, but maybe there are still further problems.
The sun is the universal medicine of the pharmacy of the heavens.
Here everything flows like water from the well.
What a beautiful dress you have on!
He has purchased a historic farm from the country.
Put three peeled potatoes into the pot.
We've done something similar to that in the past.
Tom is nervous and excited.
We spent hours trying to figure out how to fix it.
I saw Tom going into the bank.
We're here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is nothing but a child.
We're pleased with the way things have turned out.
I told Tom I couldn't do that.
We've known each other for more than thirty years.
Tom is playing in the yard.
The advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
Are you expecting me to help you?
Did Tom really think we would help him?
This morning the sun appeared for a few hours, perhaps to assure us that it is still there.
Hostilities commenced.
Hostilities resumed.
Hostilities ceased.
Hostilities temporarily ceased.
Hostilities permanently ceased.
Who are you to tell him what to do?
Who are you to tell her what to do?
Who is he to tell me what to do?
Who is she to tell me what to do?
Who are they to tell me what to do?
Who are they to tell us what to do?
Don't be careless.
Don't forget your friends.
We all want to know why you weren't here yesterday.
I told Tom I that I loved him.
We haven't talked to each other since the accident.
Tom is playing with my cat.
We need to do something about that before tomorrow.
I want to play chess with Tom.
We probably won't do that again until next October.
Tom is quite authoritative.
We'll definitely be ready by the time you get here.
I went to Boston to visit Tom.
Are you Russian?
My name is Yohannis.
Do you remember the first time we went out together?
Tom is reading a novel now.
We don't have as much in common as I thought we did.
I wish Tom could've come, too.
We need each other more now than we ever did before.
Tom is seldom ever on time.
We're expecting a lot of people to attend the ceremony.
I wish Tom would help us more.
I've already told everybody about what we need to do.
Tom is sure that he'll win.
The smallest moment of life is stronger than death and cancels it.
The fool runs after the pleasures of life and sees himself cheated; the sage avoids evils.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Everyone is guilty of all the good they did not do.
Tom had a blue coat on.
We don't have enough money to buy everything we need.
I wonder if Tom is having fun.
We have some guys on our team who can't speak French.
Tom is tidying up his room.
We have to figure out how much it's going to cost us.
I wonder why Tom gave me this.
Do you remember the first time we spoke to each other?
Tom is totally ignoring me.
We haven't had those kinds of problems in a long time.
I'd never seen Tom cry before.
I wonder why Tom gave this to me.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom cry.
Have you ever seen Tom cry?
When was the last time you saw Tom crying?
If you ask me anything I don't know, I'm not going to answer.
Happy is the one who has not killed the child in his soul.
We probably don't want to do that again any time soon.
Tom is unbelievably stupid.
We want to know what this project is going to cost us.
I'll be having lunch with Tom.
We're pretty happy with the way things have turned out.
Tom is very friendly to us.
Do you remember the first time we went swimming together?
I'll never speak to Tom again.
We need to find out what time we're supposed to be there.
Tom is very impressionable.
Do you remember the first time we went to Boston together?
I'm going to miss Tom so much.
We need to burn all this stuff before the police get here.
Tom is working on your car.
We need to get this truck unloaded before it starts raining.
I'm not too worried about Tom.
We have to figure out whether we have enough money to do that.
Tom isn't Mary's boyfriend.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
I've asked Tom not to do that.
Now the first raindrops are already falling.
A lot of talk, no action.
Enjoy the little things!
The Catholic Church had a strong grip on society.
What's it to me?
I didn't even know her name.
I didn't even know their names.
I didn't even know my name.
They didn't even know our names.
He didn't even know our names.
She didn't even know our names.
We didn't even know their names.
He fell in love with her, but didn't even know her name.
She fell in love with him, but didn't even know his name.
They married, even though they barely spoke each other's language.
How tall are they?
Guess how tall I am.
Aren't you going to shake off your umbrella before you put it down?
Aren't you going to shake the water off your umbrella before you put it down?
Who wants to go shopping?
Who wants to go shopping with me?
Sometimes trying your best just isn't good enough.
Sometimes trying your best isn't good enough.
It doesn't look like anything to me.
I shop here all the time.
Always be yourself!
It just stopped working.
Restart your computer.
Tom works as a receptionist in a hotel.
You can observe a lot by just watching.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
I'm lying in the shade.
She's lying in the shade.
He's lying in the shade.
They're lying in the shade.
We're lying in the shade.
"Are the results good?" "Yes, they're excellent."
Give it to us.
We went there.
She went there.
He went there.
Is this the right way to say it?
Show me the goods.
He reneged on the agreement.
She reneged on the agreement.
They reneged on the agreement.
We reneged on the agreement.
Where are the computers?
Do the computers work?
Does the keyboard work?
The keyboard doesn't work.
Which foreign language do you speak most fluently?
I can read many foreign languages, but speak none of them.
Are they all right?
It is Monday.
It is Tuesday.
It is Wednesday.
It is Thursday.
It is Friday.
It is Sunday.
It's Sunday.
It's Friday.
It's Thursday.
It's Tuesday.
Tell me who's bothering you.
He's got a few rough edges.
He's a diamond in the rough.
He is a diamond in the rough.
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
The nest fell from the tree.
It's roadkill.
What is a dialect?
What is a language?
What is science?
What is literature?
My neighbors, who live on the same floor, are from Lebanon.
Tom got hacked.
I can understand everything you're saying.
This is my mobile phone.
You're not the only one with secrets.
There are some things you can't learn from books.
I'm not making this up!
Everyone in town is gossiping about us.
Does this make you uncomfortable?
You're not the only one who cares about Tom.
Are you saying that Tom is a traitor?
This is a stupid idea.
Stop playing with my hair.
I can understand everything you are saying.
I can understand everything she is saying.
I can understand everything she's saying.
I can understand everything he is saying.
I can understand everything he's saying.
I can understand everything they are saying.
I can understand everything they're saying.
They can understand everything I am saying.
They can understand everything we are saying.
They can understand everything we're saying.
They can understand everything I'm saying.
They can understand everything she is saying.
She is like a sister to me.
They can understand everything she's saying.
Mary is like a sister to me.
They can understand everything he's saying.
They can understand everything he is saying.
He can understand everything I'm saying.
He can understand everything I am saying.
He can understand everything you are saying.
He can understand everything you're saying.
He can understand everything she is saying.
He can understand everything she's saying.
He can understand everything they are saying.
He can understand everything they're saying.
She can understand everything they are saying.
She can understand everything they're saying.
She can understand everything we are saying.
She can understand everything we're saying.
She can understand everything I'm saying.
She can understand everything I am saying.
She can understand everything he is saying.
She can understand everything he's saying.
We can understand everything he's saying.
We can understand everything he is saying.
We can understand everything she's saying.
We can understand everything she is saying.
We can understand everything you're saying.
We can understand everything you are saying.
We can understand everything they're saying.
We can understand everything they are saying.
The event will take place on November fifteenth.
He didn't want to answer my questions.
She did not want to answer my questions.
She didn't want to answer my questions.
They didn't want to answer my questions.
They did not want to answer my questions.
You didn't want to answer my questions.
You did not want to answer my questions.
You refused to answer my questions.
They refused to answer my questions.
He refused to answer my questions.
She refused to answer my questions.
You refused to answer my question.
She refused to answer my question.
He refused to answer my question.
They refused to answer my question.
I'm going to wash the dishes.
I am going to wash the dishes.
Go wash the dishes.
The Palestinians are the victims of a racist and colonialist ideology.
Palestine should be the country of all those who wish to live there peacefully, not a land destined to a religious or ethnic group at the expense of indigenous groups.
Dan came back after spending two months in Scotland.
This racist and colonialist ideology is in no way superior to the despicable system of apartheid.
They moved.
They were moving.
Hang on; we're almost there.
Have you seen Tom's latest music video?
Have you seen Taylor Swift's latest music video?
I don't want her to worry.
I don't want him to worry.
You can shut up now.
Barbara is a brainless bimbo.
Who will win this time?
Even chocolate has vitamins.
Many are against this bill.
The sun set behind the forest.
What can you talk about for hours on the phone?
Stop playing with your hair.
Bring your help to the citizens, and to their wives and children.
How long have you been stealing from me?
How long have you been there?
How long have you been watching me?
How long have you been seeing Mary?
Tom works in a coffee shop.
They're going to find your stash of cigarettes, and then you'll be in trouble.
They'll find your cigarette cache, and then you'll have problems.
Are you chicken, Tom?
The screen has an aspect ratio of 4:3.
That last sentence doesn't read well, maybe because of the juxtaposition of a negative and a positive.
This was, of course, a lie.
Tom said that he would never betray me. This was, of course, a lie.
This isn't like you at all.
This wine is very expensive.
It's one of the dumbest things I've ever done.
Everybody has to start somewhere.
You over-analyze everything.
You look alluring in blue.
He could have done it, but he didn't.
She could have done it, but she didn't.
They could have done it, but they didn't.
I could have done it, but I didn't.
Pass me the glue.
Hand me the glue.
This is one of the most important things a person will do in their life.
This is one of the most important things all people need to know.
Hand me that plank.
Hand me that lamp.
Hand me that thing over there.
The two countries formally initiated diplomatic relations.
They will infiltrate our network unless we do something to stop them.
It took a little prodding, but he agreed to do it.
Chop, chop!
It's the best thing since sliced pan.
The party was great craic.
You couldn't organise a piss-up in a brewery!
He banjaxed his knee.
Tom gave out like stink when he heard what his son had been up to.
Tom attends the local gaelscoil.
Inadequate drainage can lead to flooding.
Tom is emotionally blackmailing Mary.
Emotional blackmail is an immoral way of getting people to do what you want them to.
Tom is a member of the neighbourhood watch.
Tom's skin is leathery.
The meat served up was tough and leathery.
Anabolic steroids are banned by the International Olympic Committee.
Tom was prescribed a type of anabolic steroid by his doctor.
Foremost, Esperanto is a friendly language.
Supermarkets often use alcohol as a loss leader to draw in other more profitable sales.
Tom killed himself in 2013.
I felt very sad.
I've learned so much from Tom.
I feel really sad.
Tom kissed me on the cheek.
I liked that song.
I was a chubby kid.
Tom accepted the compromise.
I won't wear a wig.
That was probably Tom's point.
I like how you sing.
Tom advised Mary to do that.
I'm really thankful.
Everybody likes me, except Tom.
Is French difficult?
Tom arrived here last night.
I don't feel cheated.
I asked Tom if he needed money.
I should've run away.
Tom asked me if I could sew.
You looked exhausted.
I asked Tom to be here by 2:30.
All I need is a break.
Tom asked me if I loved him.
I expect you're right.
I asked Tom to help us do that.
I feel very safe here.
Tom ate breakfast all alone.
I hope that continues.
I asked Tom why he was unhappy.
I just wanted to sing.
Tom began to whistle a tune.
I know lots of pilots.
I couldn't do anything for Tom.
I love helping people.
Tom behaved quite foolishly.
I really loved my job.
I couldn't wait to talk to Tom.
I refuse to be afraid.
Tom believes whatever I say.
I still might do that.
I don't blame Tom for retiring.
I think they're liars.
Tom bought three dozen eggs.
I thought it was fine.
I guess you're better than Tom.
I was a bit emotional.
Tom brought his lunch today.
I was kind of shocked.
She is old and experienced.
That is different than what I had expected.
Tom asked Mary to take John to the airport.
How far away is the sea?
This mango tree provides quite a bit of shade.
The professor gave me a warning for being distracted.
The conflicts left over civilians dead.
I only buy fresh vegetables, never frozen.
Someone is spying on me.
The family was informed of the child's death.
The zipper won't open.
His ideas are a little archaic.
The party ended at midnight.
It is only halfway zipped.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.
Unless a beautiful woman is an angel, her husband is the most wretched of men.
We need to go out with each other more often.
Detours expand your knowledge of the surroundings.
Don't waste your time looking for an obstacle - maybe there is none.
We're drawing.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
You are being very unfair to me.
They are always very unfair to me.
Nobody can help you.
Nobody can help them.
Nobody can help her.
Nobody can help him.
I will show it to you.
I'll show it to you.
Let me show it to you.
Don't just stand there; do something!
The negotiating parties failed to reach an agreement.
Freedom is precious.
I am against the anti-free-speech tendencies of some advocates of political correctness.
I am an advocate of free speech for everybody.
Free speech is for everybody, with no exceptions.
This threatens to obliterate all the progress we have made over the years.
He is obliterating everything we have accomplished over the years.
There are tons of cat photos on the internet.
Tell me why you're so upset.
I really don't get why you're so upset.
It's beyond me why he continues to be so upset.
It is beyond me why he continues to be so upset.
Do you want to have more children?
I'll give you a hundred smackers for it.
It's wobbling.
The priest reprimanded the altar boy for swinging the incense around like a lasso.
The RAF Vulcan bombers refueled in mid-air over the Ascension Islands on their way to the South Atlantic to confront the Argentine invaders.
Let people live peacefully!
I live in a small village fifty kilometers from the Polish capital.
The newlyweds just left the church.
Russian rescue workers are also working in the area of the catastrophe.
I know Tom has never done that.
I was never told that.
Tom called me the other day.
I'm a football player.
I know Tom may have to do that.
I'm not enjoying this.
Tom came back an hour later.
I'm not going to quit.
I know what Tom likes to drink.
I'm not wearing a wig.
Tom came near being drowned.
I'm ready for a break.
I suggest that you talk to Tom.
I've been quite lucky.
Tom can play the piano well.
I've got a suggestion.
I suggest you do what Tom says.
I've never been burnt.
Tom can run faster than you.
I couldn't do anything.
I want to go swimming with Tom.
I don't recommend that.
Tom can stay if he wants to.
I don't worry about it.
I wonder what Tom will do next.
I eat a lot of carrots.
Tom can't afford to do that.
I enjoyed living there.
I would have to agree with Tom.
I feel great right now.
Tom can't speak French well.
I got lost three times.
I'll do anything I can for Tom.
I grew up in Australia.
Tom can't tell you anything.
I had a great vacation.
I'll find Tom and let him know.
I hope everyone agrees.
Tom comes here once a month.
I hope we achieve that.
I'm better-looking than Tom is.
I know what it's about.
Tom decided to keep a diary.
I really got depressed.
I'm sure Tom will be impressed.
I think I'll go to bed.
Tom did well for a beginner.
I think this is enough.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't disagree.
I tried to be like you.
The World Chess Championship is being held in New York City, from Nov. to Nov. 30.
Can it be proven beyond a shadow of a doubt?
I don't want to go to school, because I'm stupid.
You're being very unfair to me.
Tom didn't mean to hurt you.
I try to be aggressive.
I'm sure that Tom will do that.
I was really emotional.
Tom didn't want to seem shy.
I was very, very lucky.
It's amazing that Tom survived.
I went a different way.
Tom doesn't have many books.
I would never try that.
It's been a tough year for Tom.
I'll stay home instead.
Tom doesn't often come here.
I'm angry at everybody.
Tom can't swim as fast as Mary.
I'm going to leave you.
Tom drank a shot of whiskey.
I'm going to work here.
Mary wouldn't let Tom kiss her.
I'm not afraid of work.
Tom dusted off the old lamp.
I've got to keep going.
My hair isn't as long as Tom's.
I accept your apologies.
Tom gave me these old coins.
I believe it's finished.
Neither Tom nor Mary had a job.
I don't have a solution.
Tom got better very quickly.
I feel great about this.
I felt like a rock star.
Tom had long hair last year.
I got here Monday night.
That sounds like a job for Tom.
I had a great time here.
Tom handles a saw very well.
I knew it would be hard.
There was blood on Tom's shirt.
I prefer warmer weather.
Tom has a degree in biology.
I really miss Thai food.
We're waiting to hear from Tom.
I see no reason to stop.
Tom has a talent for acting.
I thank you all so much.
When does Tom's bus arrive?
I think it's intriguing.
Tom has beautiful blue eyes.
I think now is the time.
You aren't college material.
Even the kitchen table is a good enough desk if you have an idea.
He was questioning his sexuality.
Canopus is the brightest star in the constellation Carina.
Magnus Carlsen is the world chess champion.
I'd kill you if I could.
The first seven games were drawn.
The lion must've drug it down here.
They fight like cats and dogs.
To floop the floop.
She will sell her house.
This is killing us.
Our profits have declined over the past few years.
What can we do to increase our profits?
Show me how much money you have.
They have infiltrated our network.
We must not let them infiltrate our network.
We cannot let them infiltrate our network.
This kills me.
It kills me.
How do you know that will happen?
How do you know that'll happen?
Which floor is it on?
What floor is it on?
Come and windsurf with me.
Don't fumble with anything during an interview.
The Rhineland was made a demilitarised zone by the Treaty of Versailles.
What flavour is this jellybean?
What did you say his name was?
What did you say her name was?
I love fairy tales.
Is that your roommate?
I don't mix business with pleasure.
This is one of the most influential novels of the past years.
I'm going to be late for the meeting.
Is it five already?
The earthquake had a magnitude of on the Richter scale.
The earthquake had a magnitude of six on the Richter scale.
Nice place.
Please don't do anything stupid.
When did you find out the truth?
When did you find out about it?
"When did you find out about it?" "Find out about what?"
No one understands me either.
Tom is my agent.
No one knows where he is.
The jury is still out.
The tree got the most beautiful colours!
Tom is a secret agent.
How long do you think it will take?
It's one of the best books I've read in years.
I love this book!
She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
We were engaged to be married.
No, not yet.
I'm sorry I was so hard on you before.
Why do people hate Tom so much?
I think you're bluffing.
Tom has been dying his hair.
I turned the lights out.
You shouldn't have invited Tom.
I was so mad about that.
Tom has been friendly to me.
I'd like to go sledding.
Did you ask Tom why he did this?
I'm happy it's over now.
Tom has changed his opinion.
I'm here to help people.
Does Tom really want to do that?
I'm in a safe place now.
Tom hung his coat on a hook.
I'm in a state of shock.
Everybody was worried about Tom.
I'm just really blessed.
Tom ignored all my warnings.
I'm ready for the fight.
Everyone wanted Tom to have fun.
I'm really stressed out.
Tom insisted on going there.
I'm very happy about it.
Fortunately, Tom is still alive.
I've worked all my life.
Tom is John's older brother.
That man stole my purse.
French is Tom's native language.
I definitely regret that.
Tom is a hen-pecked husband.
I did what's best for me.
How old was Tom in this picture?
I do believe in miracles.
Tom is a straight-A student.
I don't really want that.
I asked Tom why he wasn't happy.
I don't think you're fat.
Tom is more popular than me.
I hope we can avoid that.
I can't see anyone stopping Tom.
I imagine that'll change.
Tom is much shorter than me.
I just didn't believe it.
I could see Tom was still alive.
I just want some answers.
Tom is scared to talk to me.
I know lots of Canadians.
I didn't know Tom could do that.
I love working with kids.
You are a very lucky woman.
You are a very lucky man.
No, I'm not going to take it back.
I just told you. Are you deaf?
Who the hell do you think you're talking to?
I have a meeting in fifteen minutes.
I'm sorry, but you need to leave.
The United States and Cuba wish to establish diplomatic relations after a half century of enmity.
When I was young, the hippest thing a kid could own was a transistor radio.
I'll finish answering your questions later today.
I'm going to feed my dog then head back to bed.
You answer questions so well.
I find underwater photos fascinating.
I don't spend too much time out in the sun.
Shakespeare's plays are full of anachronisms.
Tom and Mary just celebrated their silver anniversary.
Have a good day at school.
Have a good day at work.
Tom is sharpening his knife.
I need you here tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom was next door.
I really thought I'd win.
Tom is studying at his desk.
I think that's a problem.
I didn't know Tom was that fast.
I think that's offensive.
Tom is thirsty, and so am I.
I try to please everyone.
I didn't know what Tom had done.
I was always the fastest.
Tom is way out of my league.
I was completely shocked.
I didn't realize Tom broke that.
I was completely stunned.
Tom is younger than Mary is.
I was very proud of that.
I didn't realize Tom lives here.
I'll probably be fishing.
Tom isn't likely to do that.
I'm fairly old-fashioned.
I don't even think Tom heard me.
I'm following my passion.
Tom isn't much of a swimmer.
I'm in really good shape.
I don't think Tom is that weird.
I'm not confident at all.
Tom isn't much of a teacher.
I'm not really religious.
I hope Tom will get better soon.
I'm sick and tired of it.
Tom isn't such a bad person.
I'm so grateful for that.
I hope Tom's recovery goes well.
I've got a lot of talent.
Tom isn't very good at math.
I've had lots of chances.
I knew it was Tom's handwriting.
I've heard no complaints.
Tom isn't very good company.
I've seen pictures of it.
I probably sing better than Tom.
I've thought of it a lot.
Tom isn't wearing any shoes.
I almost got hit by a car.
I probably swim better than Tom.
I brought my kids up well.
Tom knew about that already.
I can't believe it worked.
Rhinos are killed by poachers for their horns.
Tom is on a winning streak.
Tom was very forthcoming.
I've been wanting to ask you out for a long time.
I probably swim better than Tom does.
I probably sing better than Tom does.
I haven't heard any complaints.
Tom knows all the hot spots in town.
I asked Tom to drop me off at the train station.
I asked Tom to drop me off at the airport.
I hope she doesn't notice.
I hope he doesn't notice.
I hope Tom doesn't notice.
I asked her if she was okay.
I asked Tom if he was okay.
Mary collapsed in tears.
I asked Tom if he was OK.
I just spaced out for a second.
"Tom, are you okay?" "Yeah, I just spaced out for a second."
Mary tried to comfort her friend.
Tom grew more agitated.
I voted for Tom three years ago.
I can't go without my dog.
Tom knows where my house is.
I can't really explain it.
I want to go to Boston with Tom.
I care about what happens.
Tom adores his older brother.
I didn't know if you knew.
I'm very happy that Tom is here.
I don't know who did that.
Tom and I respect each other.
I don't like getting hurt.
It looks like Tom isn't at home.
I don't regret doing that.
Tom arrived there after dark.
I don't remember too much.
It's best to stay away from Tom.
I don't think I'd like it.
Tom asked me about my mother.
I don't think I'll change.
Tell Tom that I was just joking.
I get depressed sometimes.
Tom asked me three questions.
I got shot at a few times.
That tall man over there is Tom.
I have a lot of work here.
Tom came up with a good plan.
I have my fingers crossed.
That's all Tom said he would do.
I have to shave every day.
Tom can't swim as well as me.
I have way too much stuff.
There was blood on Tom's pillow.
I heard someone screaming.
Tom decided to become a cook.
I just want to get better.
Today is Tom's last day at work.
I just want to go to work.
Tom decided to buy a red car.
I just want to walk again.
We're lucky Tom is here to help.
I knew my dad worked hard.
Tom didn't see what happened.
I know I can win.
Actually, Tom isn't my real name.
I know it was an accident.
Tom didn't sign the contract.
I know our team won't win.
Don't you remember what Tom said?
I love helping people out.
Someone stole my laundry after I left it in the dryer.
That's only the tip of the iceberg.
I wonder what Tom would do.
I'm doing what Tom should've done.
We'll make sure we do that.
Tom doesn't have a ticket yet.
I always wanted to go there.
I'm pretty sure Tom speaks French.
I can't complain about that.
Tom found a job as a gardener.
I can't emphasize it enough.
I'm sure Tom will be disappointed.
I can't wait to get started.
Tom had blisters on his hands.
I continue to be optimistic.
I'm sure Tom will be here on time.
I decided to just go for it.
Tom has been lying about that.
I did what I was told to do.
If anybody can beat Tom, it's you.
I didn't like those choices.
Tom has bought a new computer.
I didn't think I'd be first.
Mary and Alice are Tom's nieces.
I don't feel like a pioneer.
Tom has made some bad choices.
I don't have an ax to grind.
Nobody knew how dangerous Tom was.
I don't know if I trust you.
Tom has three boys and a girl.
I don't make a lot of money.
Nobody told Tom what he should do.
I don't need any more money.
Tom has three sons, I believe.
I don't plan to change that.
We're certainly going to miss Tom.
I don't see any resemblance.
Tom has to pay his rent today.
I don't think about it much.
Everybody remembers Tom doing that.
I felt embarrassed at first.
Tom has visited Boston before.
I had to be self-sufficient.
I agree with much of what Tom said.
I haven't had my coffee yet.
Tom has won many competitions.
I just wanted to play poker.
I asked Tom if he needed more time.
I know I've been very lucky.
Tom hit the ball with the bat.
I know that's not the truth.
I didn't know Tom didn't know Mary.
I meant exactly what I said.
Tom didn't wear a suit today.
I prefer working this way.
Everyone on our street knows Tom.
I really didn't like that.
I really enjoy this stuff.
Have you seen Tom and Mary today?
I should've run away then.
Tom died on Monday in Boston.
I think I could handle it.
How did Tom get involved in this?
I think most of it's true.
Tom doesn't look that strong.
I think that's a big deal.
I didn't realize Tom was married.
I think we're progressing.
Tom got this car for nothing.
I thought it was all over.
I don't blame Tom for doing that.
I thought they were wrong.
Tom has a dog and three cats.
I wasn't expecting to win.
I doubt that Tom really did that.
I wasn't sure what it was.
Tom has as many cats as I do.
I'll be right back, folks.
I dropped Tom off at the library.
I'll go whenever you like.
Tom has called me many times.
I'll have to wait and see.
I heard that Tom is back in town.
I'll put $in the bank.
Tom has found a way to do it.
I'm a little paranoid now.
I hope Tom will follow my advice.
I'm enjoying my time here.
Tom has gone to the restroom.
I'm looking at my options.
I know exactly where to find Tom.
I'm pretty short-tempered.
Tom has many valuable stamps.
I'm really ready for this.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.
I'm sure I can find a job.
Tom has more books than Mary.
I've learned so much here.
I already know the process.
Tom has suggested a solution.
I don't have a job anymore.
I'm sure Tom has plans to do that.
I don't want to leave here.
Tom hasn't been to Australia.
I don't want to wear a wig.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't disapprove.
I enjoyed living in Boston.
Tom is Canadian, and so am I.
I felt something was wrong.
It must've been Tom who did that.
I figured it couldn't hurt.
Tom is a lot shorter than me.
I have to weigh my options.
Mary begged Tom not to leave her.
I haven't slept in a while.
Tom is about as tall as Mary.
I hear you're good at golf.
Mary begged Tom to take her home.
I just wanted to play golf.
Tom is almost as old as Mary.
I knew exactly what it was.
Mary wanted to get away from Tom.
I knew it would be painful.
Tom is apparently a Canadian.
I knew that wasn't correct.
My name is Tom, and this is Mary.
I know that wasn't correct.
Tom is at home with his wife.
I like playing with my dog.
People still think Tom is a liar.
I need a lot more practice.
Tom is going to be here soon.
I never closed the windows.
That was all Tom knew about Mary.
I never felt like I fit in.
Tom is more famous than I am.
I never really knew my dad.
That's probably not what Tom did.
I prefer doing it this way.
Tom is much shorter than you.
I rarely wear my nose ring.
This is the house Tom grew up in.
I think that was hilarious.
Tom isn't as tall as Mary is.
I think they have it right.
This is the house Tom is renting.
I think this isn't correct.
Tom knew what Mary had to do.
I thought it would be cool.
Three months later, Tom was dead.
I treat everybody the same.
Tom knew what Mary was doing.
I was born and raised here.
Are you sure Tom will let us swim?
I was gone for three hours.
Tom gave his dog a piece of meat.
I was kind of a chubby kid.
Ask Tom what his sister's name is.
I was shocked by the price.
Tom advised me not to do that.
I would never let you down.
Do you think Tom is still at home?
I'd be happy to discuss it.
Tom and Mary have a big house.
I'd like to do what you do.
Even Tom won't be able to help us.
I'd like to fire my lawyer.
Tom arrived there before Mary.
I'd like to know the truth.
I bet Tom doesn't make it on time.
I'd like to see the budget.
I'd never say those things.
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.
I'd really rather not know.
Tom can run faster than I can.
I'll do what I can for you.
I just wish Tom were happier here.
I'm considering my options.
Tom claims that he's unbiased.
I'm excited to get started.
I knew Tom would accept our offer.
I'm not that good a writer.
Tom couldn't catch the rabbit.
I'm not very happy, either.
I played chess with Tom yesterday.
I'm the world champion now.
Tom did that against his will.
I'm very excited and happy.
I thought Tom said something else.
I've always been on my own.
Tom didn't break up with Mary.
I've been patient all week.
I told Tom that I agreed with him.
I've got a wedding to plan.
Tom didn't drink all the milk.
I've heard that a lot, too.
I'll talk to Tom later about this.
I've seen a lot of changes.
Tom didn't take many pictures.
I'm not racist, but I just don't like those people.
I'm not racist, but I just don't like you people.
Everyone's laughing at us.
Tom bought a gift for his girlfriend.
Haven't you been watching the news?
This is not the first time someone said that about me.
This is not the first time someone told me I should cut my hair short.
This is not the first time I had a mental block doing a job interview.
I don't claim to have as big a heart as Mother Teresa, but I am willing to help the orphans in any way I can.
Some traditional garments in the Philippines are made of linen and cotton; others are woven with fibres from banana or pineapple leaves or from the bark of a nettle plant.
My car is not as big as Tom's.
Theirs is not as old as ours.
Theirs is not as well-maintained as his.
Tom's is just as new as Mary's.
Tom's are not quite as clean as Mary's.
If machines are to be used to record and count votes, these must use open-source programming code and produce a hard-copy printout which each voter can verify as accurate when casting a ballot, and which will be used in the event of a later manual recount.
Tom is a lot busier than I am.
I should've gotten a ticket.
I didn't know Tom was unhappy here.
I still couldn't believe it.
Tom is a lot shorter than you.
I suppose it's a good thing.
I don't think that's what Tom said.
I think I could handle that.
Tom is a teacher, and so am I.
I think it's really special.
I have to do something to help Tom.
I think it's very deceptive.
Tom is getting the boat ready.
I thought I did pretty well.
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.
I was hoping to learn a lot.
Tom is having another seizure.
I was looking forward to it.
I love Tom, but he doesn't love me.
I was very curious about it.
Tom is living with his family.
I went to Australia in 2013.
I'm going to enjoy the game.
Tom is lying about everything.
I'm hoping to make the team.
I told Tom that I agreed with Mary.
I'm just going out a minute.
Tom is more popular than I am.
I'm pretty happy to be here.
I'll try asking Tom for some money.
I've always been a salesman.
Tom is much shorter than I am.
I've always wanted to do it.
I'm happy Tom is telling the truth.
I've decided to lose weight.
Tom is much shorter than Mary.
I've got a lot of questions.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be hungry.
I've got nothing else to do.
Tom is reading in his bedroom.
I've never met those people.
I'm sure Tom's having a great time.
I've never seen anybody die.
Tom is really into basketball.
Please proceed with caution.
It looks like you know Tom already.
I came pretty close to dying.
Tom is taking antidepressants.
I didn't know what they were.
Let's hear Tom's explanation first.
I didn't see the need for it.
Tom is the one who called 911.
I don't know what that meant.
Luckily, Tom had an extra umbrella.
I don't like what's going on.
Tom is waiting at the airport.
I don't really feel that way.
Tell Tom he has to wash the dishes.
I don't see you as a teacher.
Tom is waiting to talk to you.
I don't think that's correct.
That's what Tom did most of the time.
I don't want a full-time job.
Tom isn't able to do that yet.
I dropped everything and ran.
The truth is that I still love Tom.
I feel like I've been reborn.
Tom isn't answering his calls.
I got a little too impatient.
They've taken Tom off life support.
I got a little upset over it.
Tom isn't very good at French.
I haven't been feeling great.
This is the house Tom plans to buy.
I haven't been told anything.
Tom isn't wearing his glasses.
I hear you're good at French.
We're definitely going to miss Tom.
I hear you're good at tennis.
Tom knew it could be too late.
I hope you'll be comfortable.
We're lucky Tom is here to help us.
I know I've been very stupid.
Tom knew that Mary was coming.
I know it'll be a great game.
When did Tom graduate from college?
I live a totally normal life.
Tom knew that Mary was sleepy.
I look forward to my Mondays.
Can Tom really swim faster than you?
I never know what I'm eating.
Tom and Mary are a cute couple.
I never set out to be famous.
Does Tom have a daughter named Mary?
I should've asked you before.
Tom and Mary are both teachers.
I should've done this sooner.
How do you know that belongs to Tom?
I should've seen this coming.
You need to take a break.
Tom and Mary are playing chess.
I started crying like a baby.
I asked Tom if he needed more money.
I still can't believe we won.
Tom and Mary dated for years.
I strongly advise against it.
I think Tom could make a difference.
I think it's an awesome deal.
Tom and Mary did that together.
I think it's much better now.
I'm sure Tom is planning to do that.
I think that's fairly unique.
Tom and Mary have a small farm.
I think the kids are excited.
I'm sure Tom will tell us the truth.
I thought it was a foul ball.
Tom and Mary threw a big party.
I wasn't supposed to survive.
Mary wouldn't allow Tom to kiss her.
I won't be able to afford it.
Tom and Mary traveled together.
I would agree wholeheartedly.
Tell Tom where to put the suitcases.
I would wholeheartedly agree.
Tom and Mary went to the beach.
I would've bet my life on it.
That's what Tom does most of the time.
I'd give you more if I could.
Tom asked Mary to stop singing.
I'm as fit as I've ever been.
Today is the day that Tom graduates.
I'm being as honest as I can.
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.
I'm going to change all that.
Are you going to Tom's party tonight?
I'm going to miss being here.
Tom asked me how to cook trout.
I'm not in the best of shape.
Are you the girl Tom has been dating?
I'm not sure if I'll do that.
Tom attacked Mary with a knife.
I'm taking it slow right now.
Are you the girl Tom has been seeing?
I've been around for a while.
Tom believes Mary was murdered.
I've been here my whole life.
Can you tell me why Tom is in Boston?
I've certainly learned a lot.
Tom checked all the trash cans.
I've cut down on my expenses.
With patience one picks roses.
The fire originated from carelessness.
I am twenty years old.
"Boustrophedon" is an unusual word...
Everyone says it, nobody knows it.
I cannot sleep well if I am stressed.
As a father he must pay for his daughter's education.
How is the bill paid?
My friend has finally paid his entire debt.
He paid the debt through instalments.
It was slightly off target.
He is a knight of nobility without fear and blame.
The birds return in the Spring.
Sometimes you can see the ISS in the sky.
A man with a big bank account can't be ugly at all.
The counsellor said that Tom had a textbook case of OCD.
I took a dislike to Tom from day one.
The clocks have always been too fast for as long as I can remember.
A hundred dollars is nothing.
She's a drag king.
Do you want me to try talking to Tom?
I've felt this way for years.
Tom checked into a cheap motel.
I've got quite a lot of hats.
Doing that would be too hard for Tom.
I've had a great life so far.
Tom claimed that he loved Mary.
I've had a lot of fun so far.
Hanging out with Tom is a lot of fun.
I've had good luck with this.
Tom contacted Mary a few times.
Is French difficult to learn?
I didn't know Tom was born in Boston.
This is likely our last show.
Tom could find Mary a good job.
I choose what I buy carefully.
I hear Tom has dropped out of school.
I didn't know where they were.
Tom could hear people upstairs.
I didn't make any adjustments.
I just found out that Tom is wealthy.
I didn't want to get grounded.
Tom couldn't find a babysitter.
I didn't want to let you down.
I like listening to Tom tell stories.
I don't care how we get there.
Tom couldn't get the door open.
I don't recommend that at all.
I paid Tom thirty dollars to help me.
I don't think that's accurate.
Tom didn't do anything to Mary.
I don't understand that logic.
I think Tom has never fallen in love.
I don't want my kids to smoke.
Tom didn't feel safe in Boston.
I don't want to hold you back.
I'm looking for Tom Jackson's office.
I feel I could've done better.
Tom didn't give us any details.
I feel like I'm just starting.
No one noticed that Tom wasn't there.
I have no interest in fashion.
Tom didn't leave his apartment.
I haven't done you any favors.
Are you sure Tom will let us help him?
I hope everything's all right.
Tom didn't take Mary seriously.
I hope to be here a long time.
Can you promise me you won't tell Tom?
I hope we don't do this again.
The school is across the street from my house.
She's indifferent to me.
I don't understand what this sentence means.
You know so many words!
I don't want to go anywhere today. It's cold outside and I have to get up early tomorrow.
I have hot flushes.
Can I borrow your history notes?
We tried to determine his location, but it seems that he's not in the city.
Let's sing a couple of Belorussian songs!
We are grilling sausage.
We will finish the book tomorrow.
He brought two sandwiches for lunch.
Tom met John at Pride.
In 1973, oil cost three dollars per barrel; in - dollars per barrel.
Our world will have an energy crisis if alternative fuel sources are not found.
A rocket needs about ten minutes to get into orbit.
I love physics and math, but not biology and geography.
The British troops fought bravely, but were unable to stop the Germans.
This lake is private. Fishing here is forbidden.
Democracy is the illusion of equality.
After finishing the juice, he moved the glass out of the way.
I remember this poem.
Boy is this tasty!
Records exist to be beaten.
He cut off a piece of meat.
Tom didn't want Mary to suffer.
I just felt slow and sluggish.
I knew Tom would accept my invitation.
I know now what we have to do.
Tom didn't want anyone to know.
I know what's wrong and right.
I'll do whatever it takes to save Tom.
I love the game of basketball.
Tom didn't want to participate.
I never claimed I was perfect.
No one has told Tom what he has to do.
I remember playing with those.
Tom died three days after Mary.
I should've known that sooner.
Of course, Tom loves his own children.
I thought I had a good chance.
Tom doesn't drink enough water.
I thought it was a great idea.
This is Tom's third trip to Australia.
I wasn't entirely sure myself.
Tom doesn't sleep much anymore.
I won't interrupt you anymore.
You don't know what Tom is capable of.
I won't live there ever again.
Tom drove back to Mary's house.
I would be interested in that.
I didn't answer any of Tom's questions.
I'll do this as long as I can.
Tom encouraged Mary to do that.
I'm a very independent person.
I got to know Tom when I was in Boston.
I'm disappointed to hear that.
Tom enjoyed his stay in Boston.
I'm fed up with the food here.
I invited Tom to go to a movie with me.
I'm glad I never gave up hope.
Tom escaped through the window.
I'm going to get you that job.
I knew Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'm just not going to do that.
Tom eventually joined the navy.
I'm not going to stop working.
I wish Tom could've been with us today.
I'm not in charge of anything.
Tom explained why he was there.
I'm not really very religious.
I wish Tom could've come to my concert.
I'm turning thirty in October.
Tom forgot the key in the lock.
I'm very sorry for what I did.
There's a police officer.
Here are my books.
Here is your letter.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't do that.
I've been through this before.
Tom found his bedroom unlocked.
I've been waiting long enough.
I'm sure Tom is planning on doing that.
I've never been a betting man.
Tom found his house vandalized.
I've thought a lot about this.
It wasn't Tom that Mary was angry with.
I've thought about this a lot.
Tom got a phone call from Mary.
We visited Boston and Chicago.
Tell Tom that I need to borrow his car.
I always wanted to be a father.
Tom got a voice mail from Mary.
I always wanted to be a mother.
When did Tom graduate from high school?
I could've played a lot better.
Tom got down from the scaffold.
I couldn't do anything to help.
Did you understand what Tom said in French?
I did everything I could today.
Tom had no motive to kill Mary.
I didn't mean to offend anyone.
Has anyone told Tom about what happened?
I don't apologize for anything.
Tom has a large gun collection.
I don't find it that difficult.
I don't think that Tom can speak French.
I don't have to go any further.
Tom has a meeting this morning.
I don't know everything you do.
I first met Tom when I was a little kid.
I don't know how I'll get home.
Tom has an apartment in Boston.
I don't know just what I'll do.
I have to help Tom clean out the garage.
I don't know what was going on.
Tom has been hammering all day.
I don't know why we're so busy.
I hope Tom likes the gift we bought him.
I don't know yet what we'll do.
Tom has begun to look for work.
I don't like the taste of this.
I like listening to Tom play the guitar.
I don't make the policies here.
Tom has changed his mind again.
I don't mind a little pressure.
I like the kind of music that Tom plays.
I don't mind doing this at all.
The kobolds dug a tunnel under the castle.
He never came back.
The English breakfast is a great invention, just not at breakfast time.
Do you wish that you had more money?
What is it that you wish?
Tom swept me off my feet.
What is your ideal job?
Everyone was totally shocked.
Tom has departed for Australia.
I don't see any need for a gun.
I probably speak French better than Tom.
I don't see how it can hurt us.
Tom has no shortage of friends.
I don't see that ever changing.
I'm going fishing with Tom next weekend.
I don't think I understand you.
Tom has several thousand books.
I don't think I'll ever retire.
I'm planning to buy a painting from Tom.
I don't think I'm overreacting.
Tom has three younger brothers.
I don't think anything changes.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't do that.
I don't think everyone gave up.
Tom has too many strange ideas.
I don't think it was a mistake.
I'm the one who asked you where Tom was.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
Tom has until Monday to decide.
I don't think that that's fair.
Nobody had to tell Tom. He already knew.
I don't think we need to do it.
Tom has volunteered to help us.
I don't try to please everyone.
Nobody has told Tom what he needs to do.
I don't very often read novels.
Tom hoped to find Mary at home.
I don't walk by myself anymore.
Tom isn't Mary's husband.
Tom has a driver's license.
Tom managed to find Mary a good job.
Tom was able to find Mary a good job.
Tom was unable to find Mary a good job.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary a good job.
I don't like sweet drinks.
Tell Tom that I'm too tired to help him.
I don't want a gun in my house.
Tom is Mary's business partner.
I don't want any more problems.
I do hope Tom does what he says he'll do.
I don't want to live like that.
Tom is a bit short for his age.
I don't want to mess with that.
I don't know how Tom got my phone number.
I don't want to waste my money.
Tom is a bit small for his age.
I don't want you to feel alone.
I like the kind of music that Tom writes.
I don't worry about that stuff.
Tom is a cold-hearted murderer.
I expect it to be a lot of fun.
I was kind of surprised to see Tom there.
I feel it's something I can do.
Tom is a high school principal.
I feel like I missed something.
It's important to learn to hope.
Learn to hope is important.
He hung his hat on a nail.
He didn't ask any question.
She's a witch.
This is a sorcerer.
Good morning, do I disturb you?
The kids will be happy to see you.
Look who's there.
Everything was quiet in the castle's park
This girl seems to be sad
This is a rich girl.
I had good discussion with the neighbors.
I wasn't aware that Tom was unhappy here.
I feel like I'm going to be OK.
Tom is a lot shorter than I am.
I feel like I'm ready for that.
I wish Tom would spend more time at home.
I feel ready for the challenge.
Tom is a lot shorter than Mary.
I feel the same way about this.
I'm pretty sure Tom lives on Park Street.
I felt I didn't need the money.
Tom is a thirteen-year-old boy.
I got married and had children.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to help us.
I guarantee I'll get you a job.
Tom is a very good-looking guy.
I had a good time playing golf.
Do you really think Tom is better than me?
I had a neighbor who was blind.
Tom is acting a little strange.
I had a pretty happy childhood.
I'm the one who makes the decisions.
Don't tell anyone I was here.
Please don't tell anyone I was here.
Is there someone else?
I shouldn't have come here. I'm sorry.
You still love him, don't you?
I'm no one's girlfriend.
There is no room for romance in my life.
I read it in a magazine.
My mother passed away recently.
I'm sorry. I know I overreacted.
I tried to maintain my composure.
Let's just forget it ever happened.
Let's go eat. I'm starving.
Tom took Mary's hands and held them tightly.
I sat down on the couch next to him.
I sat down on the couch next to her.
The joke's on us.
You don't have to be so shy about it.
I looked at myself in the mirror.
That's what we've got to figure out.
That's what we have to figure out.
Why are you so angry with me?
I can see right through you.
I have made many mistakes in my lifetime.
I'm married now.
"Did you have fun?" "Not really, it was boring."
“How may I help you?” the sales clerk asked.
I'm a married woman now.
I'm a married man now.
“I’d like to buy a tie and a dress shirt,” Tom replied.
I was in way over my head.
I'm in way over my head.
Can you help me learn Esperanto?
Thanks for having us.
I know how much you love him.
I know how much you love her.
I know how much you love Tom.
I know how much you love Mary.
I'm an actress, not a model.
Who would do this? And why?
Why are you freaking out?
I had hoped you might say that.
I'm looking for people to speak Esperanto with.
I began to protest.
He's with me.
She's with me.
I had such high hopes for you.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of democracy.
This is the cornerstone of creation.
We told the waiter that everything was delicious.
Mary only thinks about her looks.
Why are some of the words in the text italicized?
All verbs are indicated in bold text.
Love is a horrible, debilitating disease. Some steps you can take to decrease your risk of contracting love include avoiding contact with other people and refraining from looking at attractive individuals.
I asked Tom why he wanted to go to Boston.
I had to do something about it.
Tom is an amateur photographer.
I had to find another solution.
I asked Tom why he wanted to study French.
I hate that more than anything.
Tom is angry a lot of the time.
I have a lot of learning to do.
I can't understand anything Tom is saying.
I have just a few bullets left.
Tom is cleaning up the kitchen.
I have mixed feelings about it.
I didn't know Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I have so many stories to tell.
Tom is determined to help Mary.
I haven't been home in a while.
I don't believe that Tom can speak French.
I honestly don't get it at all.
Tom is determined to stop Mary.
I honestly really like it here.
I wasn't dizzy.
Show me what you've done so far.
What have we accomplished?
Have we accomplished anything?
Who is qualified to do this?
It's not nice to brag about your accomplishments.
If you don't stop, I'll tell Mom!
If you don't stop, I'll tell Dad!
Traffic's crazy today.
Comments not written in English will be deleted.
I am not sure why he asked me that.
I'm not sure why he asked me that.
I am not sure why she asked me that.
I'm not sure why she asked me that.
That is a strange question.
That is an odd question.
That's an odd question.
Tell me why you're upset.
Tell me why you are upset.
He never said that, as far as I know.
She never said that, as far as I know.
As far as I know, that never happened.
I'd rather watch paint dry.
I'd rather watch grass grow.
We cannot allow them to infiltrate our network.
I love you, Raphael!
I can sense you're the one for me.
I can sense he's the one for me.
I'm not sure why they asked me that.
I am not sure why they asked me that.
The judge started to read the sentence.
I haven't gotten any letters from Tom yet.
I hope I'm wrong, but I doubt it.
Tom is familiar with this area.
I hope it was only an accident.
I was kind of surprised that Tom did that.
I hope we can avoid doing that.
I hope you find it interesting.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
I hope you had a great weekend.
Tom is not a very friendly guy.
I hope you won't leave me here.
It may have been Tom that wrote this note.
I hope you'll be able to sleep.
Tom is pretty happy about that.
I immediately knew what it was.
Tell Tom that I don't want to talk to him.
I just didn't want to be there.
Tom is richer than most of you.
I just don't really understand.
I'm not sure why Tom asked me that.
I've never seen Tom behave this way before.
I just don't want to overdo it.
Tom is sleeping in his bedroom.
I just knew I couldn't do that.
It may have been Tom who broke this window.
I just listened and kept quiet.
Tom is too young to drink beer.
I just love that kind of stuff.
Luckily, Tom had some money I could borrow.
I just want to win, that's all.
People don't smoke here.
Everybody died except for us two.
Tom is upstairs in his bedroom.
I just want you to be involved.
We're lucky Tom is here to help us do this.
I just wanted to go to college.
Tom is very independent-minded.
I just wanted to help the team.
Do you really think Tom is better than I am?
I just wanted to play baseball.
Tom is worried sick about Mary.
I just wanted you to know that.
Eventually, Tom found out what had happened.
I knew I had a tough job ahead.
I knew every one of those guys.
I almost forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I knew we were in trouble then.
Tom isn't in a good mood today.
I knew you weren't really dead.
I asked Tom why he had never gotten married.
I know I have a biased opinion.
Tom is blinded by his anger.
Tom is an avid reader of history.
Tom isn't ready to go anywhere.
I know it's a hard thing to do.
I didn't really like the stew that Tom made.
I know that hard work pays off.
Tom jumped back into his truck.
I know that won't happen again.
I'm sure Tom would rather be somewhere else.
I know very little beyond that.
Tom kissed Mary and apologized.
I know what I did wasn't right.
You know what needs to be done.
I hope this is not true.
You know what needs to be done, don't you?
Tom is a hunt-and-peck typist.
Just look! This is much cheaper than the other one.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to go with us.
I know where you keep your gun.
Tom knew that Mary was unhappy.
I know you're happy about that.
I think Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I learned that a long time ago.
Tom knew what Mary had in mind.
I left everything on the porch.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I like having people around me.
How did we get to this point?
Are you really that ignorant?
That makes two of us.
I love her so much, but she does not love me.
What are you going to do when the one you love does not love you.
I am Taiwanese.
What are you trying to imply?
I have finished shower.
I drive to the office.
How come you have not started yet after a day.
It is inefficient of you.
That was a gallant deed.
I am not going to take the bait.
He didn't take the bait.
She didn't take the bait.
I forgot the password to my account.
Shoot me an email when you have time.
Send it to me when you have time.
That is a very reasonable argument to make.
That is a very reasonable thing to say.
Have you ever been to outer space?
Has she ever been to outer space?
Has he ever been to outer space?
How much did that spaceship cost?
I'm writing a novel.
I'm writing an article.
I'm writing an essay.
I am writing an essay.
Oh look, a caterpillar!
At the end of the day I'm sore.
Tom knew what Mary was cooking.
I like it, but I don't love it.
It looks like Tom is really enjoying himself.
I like knowing how things work.
Tom already knew what was wrong.
I like to know what's going on.
It'll be hard to convince Tom not to do that.
I live right around the corner.
Tom and Mary danced all evening.
I love the people in this town.
I have to deliver this package to Tom Jackson.
I love traveling in the winter.
Tom and Mary have been drinking.
I made a mistake and I'm sorry.
I'll buy whatever Tom wants me to buy for him.
I made that decision on my own.
Tom and Mary went out for lunch.
I need to take care of my kids.
Are you sure you want to go to Boston with Tom?
I need you to stay right there.
Tom and Mary went out to dinner.
I never felt I was good enough.
Are you the girl Tom has been hanging out with?
I never had time to get scared.
Tom and Mary were always rivals.
I never think about it anymore.
I asked Tom why he had never studied French.
I never thought of it that way.
Tom and Mary were both suspects.
I never thought of that before.
Each family member is at home on Saturday morning.
The husband is helping his wife in the kitchen.
Their son is repairing a motorcycle in the garage.
Their twin daughters are preparing for an exam in the bedroom.
Both of them study at the local college.
The grandparents are sitting in the room and they are watching their favourite TV series.
Paul eats bread and butter, a few slices of cheese and cold cuts for breakfast.
He drinks a mug of white coffee without sugar.
At noon he has lunch in an Italian restaurant.
He usually asks for the menu of the day and a glass of beer.
But he checks the menu before it.
If he dislikes the main course, he orders meat with rice and salad.
The town has a simple structure.
It has only ten streets.
There are no big buildings here.
All of them are low.
There is a yellow church in the centre.
A few shops, an agency and a bank can be found around it.
You can quickly find a room to let if you want to stay tonight.
It will be cheap and clean.
It is springtime.
This is the most beautiful season.
The trees and bushes are green.
I have been typing in the office all week.
It is time to go for an excursion.
I often go to the sea.
I climb up on a large rock, look at the blue water and observe the clouds in the sky.
I listen to the sounds of nature, far from the noise of the traffic.
My name is Agnes Black.
I've been married for four years.
I have two children: a boy and a girl.
We live on a farm near the village.
My partner and I work hard.
We cultivate twenty hectares of land.
We grow grains and keep animals: ducks, geese, sheep, goats and cows.
We also have a horse.
After the death of her parents, Ann has been raising her younger sister and brother alone.
She cares for the children.
She prepares their food.
She took over the role of her mother.
She works a lot: she teaches at a school and also has a job in a bar.
Everyone supports them in the house.
Her fiancé visits her every day.
On Friday I go to the market to get some potatoes and eggs.
I cook potato soup and bake sweet cakes.
At the greengrocers I buy a kilo of bananas, oranges and apples.
I am so brutishly fast, that I was already there before I ran at all.
The fruit is excellent.
The goods have reasonable prices.
The salesgirl is nice.
I take a basket and a shopping bag with me.
The coach is leaving soon.
The passengers load their suitcases and luggage into the trunk.
They say goodbye to their relatives and get on the bus.
They show their season-tickets to the bus driver, or buy tickets.
Many high school and college students return to their dormitories at this time.
The bus is always crowded.
There is a curious crowd on both sides of the avenue.
Here, at the Arch of Triumph, is the final stage of the cycling race.
The participants have come from fifty countries and represent famous teams.
TV stations broadcast the event.
As the first pack emerges, the spectators take pictures with their cameras and mobile phones.
Last year I met a pretty Swedish dancer.
She arrived with a group at a dance competition.
They stayed in the hotel where I am a receptionist.
She also found me nice
I took a day off to show her the capital as her tour guide
This is how our relationship started.
I am the only child of my parents.
I was born in my mother’s second marriage.
As my father and my grandfather have many siblings, there are a lot of kids in our family.
My grandfather's sister has grandsons, while his brother has granddaughters.
I wake up with difficulty.
When the alarm clock goes off, I don’t move.
I close my eyes, but I'm semi-awake.
I rarely remember my dreams.
It would be so good to carry on sleeping, but I cannot.
I put the kettle on the cooker.
When the water boils, I pour it into the cup.
I play a lot with my cousins, nieces and nephews.
While I am nibbling away, I listen to the news.
The maxim is so perfectly self-evident that it would be absurd to attempt to prove it.
Consumption is the sole end and purpose of all production.
I wish I could turn back the clock.
Life provides me with new opportunities that I must seize.
He's not faking it.
She's not faking it.
We will never know.
Tom is a real-estate developer.
They won't be together for long.
I can't believe you would say something like that!
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool.
Narcissists are always trying to draw attention to themselves.
Tom has always wanted to be No. 1.
After working all day, I'm tired.
This shouldn't be your responsibility.
They ask the parents of other children.
Could you loan them money?
They expect me to bring her home.
He works out of town.
I have to wait for her for about an hour.
It delays me an hour getting home.
My parents have only one vehicle.
If so, you would be off the hook.
The bills are paid all year.
That it's their responsibility, not mine.
This is not my family.
It's time for the children to step in.
I do not feel obligated.
These tenants get older.
I was engaged to a man for five years.
We parted a year ago.
We spent one night together.
Since then, he hasn't contacted me.
He has been texting me.
He took me to lunch or dinner quite a lot.
He decided he didn't love me anymore.
This year I moved away from home.
We had been dating for a year.
She just started dating someone.
I met a girl who became a good friend.
I would never betray my partner.
I find myself falling for her.
When a door closes, another one opens.
You can arrive at a compromise.
We stopped communicating.
We have been married for two years.
We are good parents.
They are afraid of being alone.
The brim of his soft felt hat hid every inch of his face but the shiny tip of his nose.
It's better for both of you.
A dream was taken away from me.
Fatal accidents are common.
He took up his quarters in the inn.
He helps with the housework.
He loves me unconditionally.
I compliment her often.
He seemed to be lost in thought.
I do think it's wrong of her.
I have already told her.
I just don't love my wife.
I'm certainly not the only one.
Neither of us has strayed.
She gets compliments often.
She has been a great mom.
She is a beautiful lady.
She's a top-level executive.
Tom and Mary agreed to keep in touch.
Never forget me.
Talk less, do more.
Chewing gum is banned in this school.
Tom grew up in a working-class family.
Tom wasn't born rich.
Tom has piercing blue eyes.
Mary found him charming.
Tom stared out the passenger window.
Not everyone agreed.
Tom wants to pay as little taxes as possible.
I met Tom at his office in Boston.
How hard can this be?
Mary is a popular actress.
Cats are cute.
I don't feel like going to the party.
They got along very well.
I wanted to make him happy.
I wanted to make her happy.
Tom broke up with her two days later.
It's like déjà vu all over again.
It ain't over 'til it's over.
I really didn't say everything I said.
What's wrong with reading comic books?
If the world were perfect, it wouldn't be.
If you don't know where you're going, you might not get there.
Donald J. Trump is the President-elect of the United States.
Men should always treat women with respect.
Hillary Clinton won the popular vote.
It gets quite cold in the winter.
It gets quite hot in summer.
Tom is a pothead.
Funtensee is known as the coldest place in Germany.
He died a beggar.
The coldest place in Canada is the research base Eureka, in Nunavut.
Tom is a fur trader.
The coldest temperature ever recorded in Canada was −°C in Snag, Yukon.
Were you shopping?
Was he shopping?
Were they shopping?
Was she shopping?
I was out shopping.
They were out shopping.
He was out shopping.
She was out shopping.
We were out shopping.
I'm shopping for a new computer.
I'm in the market for a new computer.
Alert, in Nunavut, Canada, is the northernmost permanently inhabited place in the world.
February is the coldest month of the year.
Traditional hula dancers did not wear grass skirts.
I should start doing yoga.
I could see Tom wasn't in the mood to do that.
I never was a good housekeeper.
Tom and Mary weren't that close.
I personally think I can do it.
It looks like Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary.
I plan to live to be a hundred.
Tom asked Mary to join his team.
I prefer doing my own research.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he's sick.
I prefer the view from up here.
It gets quite hot in the summer.
It gets quite hot here in the summer.
I've been trying to talk to you for over a month.
I made a lot of poor choices.
Tom is relatively fit and healthy.
Tom seems relatively happy.
Tom is a wanker.
Mary is a makeup artist.
Do you need help with your makeup?
"Do you still believe?" "In God? Of course!"
After the concert, Tom signed autographs.
Maybe this is what God intended.
The Vatican is an absolute monarchy with an elected king.
Tom asked Mary to lock the door.
I read the newspaper every day.
I asked Tom to help me clean up after the party.
I read the report this morning.
Tom asked the doctor about Mary.
I really can't comment on that.
I didn't realize Tom was the one who broke that.
I really didn't have any money.
Tom believed what Mary told him.
I really don't think it's over.
He's no friend of mine.
I don't understand a word of what Tom is saying.
I really need to get a haircut.
Tom bought a bottle of red wine.
I see a world of possibilities.
I like how you avoided answering Tom's question.
I seem to be missing something.
Tom bought three pairs of shoes.
I share a room with my brother.
I love Tom and I'm pretty sure that he loves me.
I still have some things to do.
Tom broke into Mary's apartment.
I still make a lot of mistakes.
I'm pretty sure Tom was the person who did that.
I stopped and looked behind me.
Tom comes from a wealthy family.
I suppose I ought to apologize.
I hope Tom has enough money to buy what he needs.
I think I can get a lot better.
Tom convinced Mary to hire John.
I think I don't understand you.
I asked Tom why he never studied French.
The title defender finally won in the tie-breaker round.
I don't know how she sleeps at night.
I don't know how he sleeps at night.
The champion has successfully defended his title.
I don't know how you sleep at night.
I live in a relatively safe neighborhood.
Stay away from the dangerous neighborhoods.
The conditions were deemed sufficiently unsafe to justify an evacuation.
Then certainly they had devoured us all, and swallowed quick for ought that we could deem; such was their rage, as we might well esteem. And as fierce floods before them all things drown, so had they brought our soul to death quite down.
I know Tom has enough money to buy what he wants.
I think I need to try this out.
Tom couldn't control his temper.
I think I really learned a lot.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
I think it really is a problem.
Tom couldn't pay the money back.
I think it's a good compromise.
One thing Tom hates is not being taken seriously.
I think it's a good investment.
Tom decided to go look for Mary.
I think it's a serious problem.
Both of Tom's parents died when he was very young.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
Tom defragmented his hard drive.
I think it's an excellent idea.
Mary said she liked the flowers that Tom sent her.
I think that could happen here.
I think that that helped a lot.
Tom defragmented his hard disk.
You've always known that it is impossible for me.
Five years ago my wife cheated on me.
Everything was great until recently.
I tried talking to her about how I feel.
I'm contemplating divorce.
I check her Facebook page constantly.
I know it's not healthy.
It makes me constantly depressed.
I seek professional help for my issues.
Is it time to move on?
I won't go through the same pain.
My friend has no interest in marriage.
I see her laughing and joking with them.
They like all her posts and pictures.
It may save your marriage.
It doesn't ease my mind.
Part of your job is to be friendly.
I take a maintenance pain pill for arthritis.
I count them every day.
She accuses me of calling her a liar.
I really need the pills for myself.
The doctor prescribes it once a month.
I don't want to hurt my son's feelings.
I know I'm going to run out.
Your son may have become addicted.
Sometimes I'm missing all of them.
I recently started seeing a man.
Many women throw themselves at him.
A friend of his told me.
They didn't mean anything to him.
I have dropped the matter for now.
This man craves variety.
I'm willing to do anything to stop him.
I'm still concerned.
How do I make him give up his dream?
There's nothing I can do to dissuade him.
He never had success with women.
He wants to be with me.
It is unheard of in my company.
Even my boss did not congratulate me.
I have had a tough year.
She says I need a fresh start.
She has faith in me.
There are no white-winged Diuca finches in the Arctic.
The marathon runner finished the competition completely out of breath.
I think that helped a lot.
According to the thermometer, it's thirty degrees.
According to the thermometer, it's about thirty degrees, but it's really humid so it feels much hotter than that.
According to the thermometer, it's thirty degrees outside.
The thermometer says it's thirty degrees.
The thermometer says it's thirty degrees in here.
It's freezing outside.
A wooden bed is better than a golden coffin.
He who is frightened of a sparrow will never sow barley.
The tears of strangers are only water.
Laws catch flies but let hornets go free.
Magnus Carlsen won third world chess title.
The chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
The dog gnaws the bone because he cannot swallow it.
Birds fly not into our mouth ready roasted.
The leopard cannot change his spots.
Life was never meant to be easy.
Forbidden fruit is sweetest.
What you go looking for, you will find.
When wood is chopped, woodchips will fly.
Don't be afraid of the dog who barks, but be afraid of the one who is silent and wags its tail.
Don't have a friend who always agrees with you, but have a friend who argues with you.
Only he who does nothing makes no mistakes.
Unless caught stealing, one is not a thief.
Don't dig a pit for somebody to fall into, or you will end up in it yourself.
Newcomers are the most ambitious.
The first pancake is always a blob.
An old friend is better than two new ones.
Ride slower—you'll get further.
A soldier who doesn't dream of becoming a general is a bad one.
The further you go into the woods, the more firewood you'll encounter.
The tragedy of love is indifference.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.
Now the world in general doesn't know what to make of originality; it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.
What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.
Men seek but one thing in life—their pleasure.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money: he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
Every bird likes its own nest.
Even in paradise it is not good to be alone.
Love, smoke and cough are hard to hide.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.
My doctor told me to put the eyedrops in my eyes three times a day.
What on earth is an interrobang‽
Please excuse my ignorance.
I'm reading something by Shakespeare.
That's his opinion.
Are you happy with your life?
It doesn't matter how much it costs.
Tom received a tongue lashing.
Some kids broke into Tom's house and ransacked it.
I think that's the best answer.
Tom didn't come home that night.
I think things will get better.
I think Tom didn't understand what you were saying.
I think this book is very good.
Tom didn't come out of his room.
I think this is totally absurd.
I'm pretty sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
I think we can do a lot better.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Tom had loving parents.
I aim for excellence in all areas of my life.
I'm very demanding on my employees.
My mother is very hard to please.
Learning English is very time consuming.
is coming to an end and a new year is about to begin!
We can't let anything compromise our mission tomorrow.
Can life get any better than this?
Tom met a pretty girl at the party.
She laughed at my jokes.
Tom laughed at my jokes.
It's the house where I was born.
You kissed me very strongly.
I'm going to give you a strong kiss.
Where's Hachi?
How are mom and dad?
Thanks for reading my message.
Mr. White arrived in Tokyo at 10:30.
Hanfu is the traditional clothing of the Han ethnicity.
Hanfu is the traditional clothing used by the ethnic Han of China, before the Qing dynasty.
The Hanfu influenced the traditional clothing of other countries, like the kimono in Japan, the hanbok in Korea or the áo tứ thân in Vietnam.
Some people have told me that I look Japanese.
Some people have told me that I seem Japanese.
What is Tom talking about now?
Do you know who's broken the window?
Do you know whose car that is?
Tom's already here.
Tom uses public transportation.
Tom isn't married to Mary.
Mary isn't Tom's woman.
Mary and Tom live together.
Mary is divorced.
Mary separated from her husband two years ago.
Mary divorced her husband long enough ago.
Tom and Mary have been a couple since a year ago.
Mary and Tom met a year ago.
Tom doesn't have hair.
Mary is very flirty.
Tomorrow we will talk about cars.
Mary crashed into a traffic signal.
I didn't take any books from the library.
Please, wash your hands.
I don't like that at all.
The truth is that it disgusts me.
I don't think you're as good of a driver as you say you are.
I love beer.
I don't like licorice.
I don't have time for nonsense.
We couldn't finish the job for lack of time.
My time is very expensive.
In the time of the Romans, they spoke Latin.
There are controversies and conflicting opinions.
My opinion is very distinct from yours.
Your point of view is certainly peculiar.
"Get it through your thick skull. You are not one of us, and you will never be one of us. Is that clear?" "Crystal clear." "Good. Now scram. I don't want to see your ugly mug around here again."
He's the head honcho.
She's the head honcho.
The antique casual latin system has evolved to make greater use of prepositions in romantic languages.
The play stopped for technical reasons.
No one helped this desire of mine; everyone was against it.
The antelope in an African mammal.
The cloning of human embryos is prohibited by law.
Immobility isn't a recommendable political option.
Fossilization is the result of the compression of organisms by the earth during a lot of time.
As we spend a lot of time watching T.V., we will read fewer books.
People that can't hear or speak are deaf-mute. Various devices currently exist that can help to correct this problem.
Be more concise in your summaries!
I want it by today!
The film had a great beginning, but the ending wasn't believable.
Tom was the first boy to hug Mary.
I'll go by plane.
None of these things look tempting.
It has to be subtitled.
He sang as well as a bird.
Oh, a butterfly!
Tom didn't help wash the dishes.
I think we did a very good job.
I've never seen Tom do what you say he always does.
I think we're doing a good job.
Tom didn't know what to believe.
I think we're going to be fine.
Are you really going to let Tom cook dinner tonight?
I think we're ready to do that.
Tom didn't recognize the number.
I think we've done a great job.
Are you really going to let Tom go there by himself?
I think you would like it here.
Tom didn't say anything to Mary.
I thought I could deal with it.
I'm sure Tom didn't know he was supposed to do that.
I thought I dealt with it well.
Tom didn't want to go with Mary.
I thought it was a coincidence.
I had no idea that you were having problems with Tom.
I thought it was an earthquake.
I'm trying to think of some ideas for this article I'm writing.
You have to learn the basics first.
I went bungee jumping for the first time today.
It was my first time, too.
I was scared out of my mind.
Don't make silly faces, or your face will get stuck like that.
Don't make that face or it will freeze that way.
Don't make that face or it's going to get stuck like that.
I had no idea that you were having trouble with Tom.
You should've come yesterday.
We didn't have enough time to finish the job.
Tom is one of the richest men in the world.
Mary is one of the richest women in the world.
Tom never really got over it.
She never really got over it.
What are you so scared of?
She never really got over him.
He never really got over her death.
Is that really what you want?
Mary is ignoring me at the moment.
Tom wants to go to graduate school.
Tom is ignoring me at the moment.
Please wash your hands.
Tom never really got over Mary's death.
Tom has never gotten over Mary's death.
All right, fine. That's it; I give up. You win. I'm leaving. I hope you're satisfied.
What do you say we ditch this bozo and have some fun?
Last night, I fell into a panic.
Tom never really got over Mary.
Tom doesn't even live in Boston.
I thought it'd be a lot of fun.
Tell Tom he has to do everything Mary asks him to do.
I thought that was pretty cool.
Tom doesn't have any bad habits.
I thought that we were friends.
I asked Tom why he didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
I thought you already did that.
Tom enjoyed working on the farm.
I thought you wouldn't like it.
Laughter is a human trait.
Mary isn't Tom's wife.
I suggest that you don't say anything about this to Tom.
I thought you'd ask about that.
Tom eventually called Mary back.
I told myself to stay positive.
I asked Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some bread.
I tried that a couple of times.
Tom eventually changed his mind.
I tried to do whatever I could.
I still haven't decided what to give Tom for his birthday.
I trust you have no complaints.
You can't just not say anything.
You can't just not go to work.
You can't just not pay someone for work you hired them to do.
Tom explained the problem to me.
I understand the reason for it.
I'll do whatever I can to encourage Tom to stay in school.
I urge everyone to do the same.
Tom hadn't seen Mary in a while.
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom wasn't at school today?
Tom has a lot of valuable books.
The reason Tom didn't go with us was because he didn't have enough money.
I'm surprised that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm going ashore.
Tom helped the teacher decorate the classroom for Valentine's Day.
I've been misquoted.
Tom has decided to have the surgery that his doctor recommended.
I think it's obvious.
Tom doesn't know who Mary has decided to give her old guitar to.
I'm very lonely here.
Tom didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers.
I wonder who did that.
Tom has a warped sense of humor.
I told you the truth when I told you I loved you.
Tom bought Mary lots of jewelry.
I can drive to Boston and back on one tank of gas.
I still think Tom doesn't understand what's going on.
I'm glad I left Boston.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to spend her summer vacation.
I told everyone to duck.
Tom didn't know who Mary had decided to give her old guitar to.
I wish we had done more.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted to spend her summer vacation.
I'll take these with me.
Tom convinced the teacher to let him hand in his homework late.
I'm happy I left Boston.
Tom counts down the days leading up to Christmas with his Advent calendar.
Tom is feeling really Christmassy.
I now know more about Tom than I really want to know.
We had a real good time.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to give the bottle of wine to.
I couldn't figure it out.
Tom didn't know who Mary wanted to give the bottle of wine to.
I tried to warn everyone.
Tom doesn't know who Mary thought was going to win the race.
I was a bit disappointed.
Tom dropped Mary off at the train station just before 2:30.
I'm glad you're OK again.
You should calm down and stop sending us your arrogant comments.
This student is from Japan.
The banks are closed Sunday.
I'm not going to skate today.
What should we do now? How can we solve this?
Each time, Mother had a surprise for us.
During my childhood, I often came here to observe the surroundings and meditate.
This is just propaganda.
I wanted to show Tom how good I was at skating.
I'm just as busy as ever.
Tom didn't know who Mary thought was going to win the race.
I'm not sure I like this.
Tom isn't the type of person who learns from his mistakes.
I'm too drunk to do that.
Tom ended up not buying the car he was considering buying.
I've been here all night.
Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to borrow thirty dollars.
I hope it snows all night.
I need to buy an airplane ticket for Moscow.
Laughter is a serious matter.
I don't think most of us could do what Tom did.
I want to keep doing this.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs.
I'm being paid to do this.
Tom didn't know why Mary needed to borrow thirty dollars.
I saw people wearing jeans.
Tom asked Mary to go to the supermarket to get some milk.
I suppose we're just lucky.
Tom had to pawn the watch his grandfather had given him.
I think we're going to win.
When may I go home?
I translated everything Tom wrote into French.
I wasn't going to go there.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him at her party.
I'm so happy I left Boston.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to go to the dance with.
I've done that three times.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to go to Boston with.
I don't think it'll be easy.
Tom didn't know who Mary was going to go to Boston with.
I don't want them to starve.
You don't have to apologize to Tom.
You don't need to apologize to Tom.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Tom has truly perfected his craft.
Tom truly has perfected his craft.
The common adder is ovoviviparous.
Arguments can disrupt the work.
I'm sorry, but that's just the way it is.
You're a very lucky man.
You're a very lucky woman.
How late is too late?
How late may I call you?
I hear that Tom really likes living in Boston.
I think we'd better do that.
Tom didn't know who Mary wanted to go to the dance with.
I try to keep a low profile.
Tom clearly doesn't understand what we're talking about.
I was told never to do that.
Tom has been going out with Mary for about three years.
I'd like to visit Australia.
Tom doesn't wash the dishes. He leaves that up to Mary.
I'd rather ride my own bike.
I've made many mistakes in my lifetime.
We went fishing with my dad yesterday.
Are there any irregular verbs in Esperanto?
Tom took a standardized test.
Mary expected her high scores on the standardized test to help her get into college.
This machine is out of order. Please try again later.
That machine is out of order.
You contradict yourself constantly.
He contradicts himself constantly.
She contradicts herself constantly.
They contradict themselves constantly.
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.
I'd really like to sleep in.
Tom didn't know why Mary didn't want him at her party.
I'll have a nap after lunch.
Tom just wants to spend a little more time with Mary.
I'll take a nap after lunch.
Tom is slowly catching up with the rest of the class.
I can't remember my password.
Tom has been coming here three or four times a week.
I couldn't afford to do that.
I don't really want to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm following the guidelines.
Tom handed Mary a knife so she could peel the apples.
I'm sorry to hear about this.
Tom doesn't even let his daughter go out on weekends.
I'm tired of keeping secrets.
Tom burned all of the letters that Mary had sent him.
I didn't tell anyone about it.
Tom has donated a lot of money to various charities.
I don't know how to make stew.
Tom often contradicts himself.
I think you're contradicting yourself.
Aren't you contradicting yourself?
Everyone is insane, in his or her own way.
I come from Trondheim.
I am from Oslo.
I live in Oslo.
How old is your brother?
I wonder where Tom put the key.
I'm pretty sure that's what Tom wants to do.
I don't remember how I fixed it.
Tom says he feels much better today than yesterday.
I have no idea what'll happen.
Tom handed the key to Mary and she opened the door.
I know what you could've done.
Tom finally decided to try jumping over the stream.
I know you're smarter than me.
Tom didn't want to say anything to make Mary angry.
I never would've allowed that.
Man is God by his faculty for thought.
Fuck off, you stupid idiot!
I'm pretty sure Tom did what he said he did.
I thought it was a good movie.
Tom is wearing an expensive-looking pair of boots.
I told everyone to be careful.
Tom is taller than anybody else in his department.
I wouldn't do that to anybody.
Tom is sitting on the front porch, reading a book.
I'd like to build a new house.
Tom doesn't really believe that nonsense, does he?
I'll tell you what's happened.
A big thank you from my family and me for everything you've done for us.
Turn that frown upside down!
I'll tell Tom the truth when the time comes.
I've changed my daily routine.
Tom doesn't know where Mary usually goes shopping.
This is a very low-stress job.
Tom doesn't brush his teeth as often as he should.
I don't know anybody else here.
Tom didn't pay me as much as he promised he would.
I expect everyone to work hard.
Tom didn't commit the crimes he's been accused of.
I hope you all learn something.
I'll soon find out what Tom has been doing.
I just want to keep doing this.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of TV shows.
I really thought I could do it.
Tom is our oldest child and Mary is the youngest.
I usually drive myself to work.
Tom hasn't yet done what he promised he would do.
I waited a whole year for that.
Tom didn't know where Mary usually went shopping.
I was always interested in art.
A present is winging its way over to you as I write.
Tom is looking forward to the midterm break.
In my last letter, I mentioned that I was quite busy.
I looked at what Tom gave me quite closely.
I was excited by the challenge.
Tom didn't know where Mary had put her suitcases.
I was expecting a tougher game.
Tom isn't as busy this week as he was last week.
I was fortunate to get the job.
Tom expected Mary to believe everything he said.
I was one of the last to leave.
Tom doesn't know where Mary usually goes skiing.
I was outside when it happened.
You can expect to receive a little something from us soon.
She sent me a text.
I wonder where Tom learned how to do that.
I was really impressed with it.
Tom didn't know where Mary bought her groceries.
I was really pleased with that.
Tom didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French.
I was reasonably happy with it.
Tom claims he can accurately predict the future.
I was working when it happened.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of movies.
I wasn't going to buy anything.
I hear that Tom really speaks French well.
I wasn't sure where I belonged.
Tom knew Mary's husband before she got married.
I wasn't the only one to do so.
Tom graduated from high school three years ago.
I went to my bedroom and cried.
Tom doesn't know where Mary buys her groceries.
I won't fight with you anymore.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to marry.
I won't run away like a coward.
We'll see what Tom has to say about that.
I wonder if that was the point.
Tom didn't help Mary as much as he should have.
I wonder what raccoons eat.
Tom couldn't borrow as much money as he needed.
I wouldn't mind doing it again.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of music.
I'd do anything for those kids.
Tom is the new owner of Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I'd just like to say I'm sorry.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't like Tom.
I'd like to know what you mean.
Tom is standing over there near the fireplace.
I'd like to live in that house.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than Mary is.
I'd love to have more children.
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.
I'd rather not do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted him to leave.
I'll be glad to get it for you.
Do you really think that's going to work?
I don't think that'll work.
I doubt that'll work.
For the job to proceed normally, I need your values and experience.
I need a laptop for school. I do not want anything else, just a computer.
I need your wisdom more than ever.
Meanwhile, I need some time by myself.
I need a table for eight.
I need you to clean the pool tonight.
I need inspiration for decorating our Christmas Tree.
I need a new challenge to challenge myself.
I need more than your loyalty.
Instead, I need psychological support from you.
I need details about her for my upcoming interview with her.
I need my prescriptions.
I need time to fulfill my dreams.
I need Tom to translate something for me.
I need medicine for my head. My head is heating up.
Mom, I need new binders to organize my work.
I need somebody I could entirely trust.
Stay put until I need you.
I need another piece for comparison.
I need soldiers for a mission.
All I need is your signature, right here.
I need my powers back now.
I need help carving these pumpkins. If everything is not ready, the kids will notice it.
All I need is some stimulation, you see.
I need a meet with Mary as soon as possible.
I need the brutal honest truth. I want to know the whole truth.
I need you to go, it can't wait.
I need men of solid stature.
I need you focused on reestablishing communication with those kids.
I need some private plumbing advice.
I realize I need more experience with kids.
I need everybody cleared out of here, at once.
I need my passport for travel.
I need him alive and unharmed.
I need a towel or something.
What I need is someone to work with me.
Nature provides all that I need.
I need every advantage I can get.
I need you to unlock my computer.
I need an expert on tropical plants.
I need this room completely cleared as soon as I arrive.
I need someone up here immediately.
I need that kind of insight.
I need a foreman that speaks English.
I need an interpreter for her class.
I need finality to my affairs.
I need someone who has undercover experience.
I need your dating advice.
I need your input on something extremely important.
I need to hear from my family.
I need news of my family.
I need help untying this boat.
I need tranquility when I read.
I need quiet when I am reading.
I can only count on myself.
Watch where you put your feet.
How can I make you understand?
Don't expect to find philosophy in the poems of a twenty-year-old.
Religions are the poetry of the soul.
I spent the whole day thinking about Tom.
I'll be waiting for the answer.
Tom doesn't know where Mary put her suitcases.
I'll do my best, I promise you.
Tom didn't know where Mary had parked her car.
I'll do what the boss tells me.
Tom didn't drink the milk Mary poured for him.
I'll have to go there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary got married in a Catholic church.
I'll look at it very carefully.
I hear that Tom really likes basketball.
I'll meet you there about 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't really have much in common.
I'll tell you about it someday.
Tom and Mary don't like the same kind of food.
I'll wait like the rest of you.
Tom is out in the yard, playing with our dog.
I'm a lot more comfortable now.
Tom hasn't yet done what he said he would do.
I'm calling from my cell phone.
I don't know what Tom thinks about that.
I'm disgusted and disappointed.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to leave.
I'm entitled to my own opinion.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
I'm extremely unhappy about it.
Tom didn't know why Mary wanted him to leave.
I'm feeling so much better now.
Tom didn't know what Mary was supposed to do.
I'm friends with a lot of them.
I don't know how Tom managed to do that.
I'm giving you one more chance.
Tom didn't help Mary as much as he should've.
I'm glad I was able to do this.
Tom asked me to bring my own eating utensils.
I'm going to be ready for that.
Tom and Mary have just gotten back to Boston.
I'm going to do something else.
Tom was the one who asked all the questions.
I'm going to put it in my room.
She is an actor.
She was an actor.
Magicians jealously guard their secrets.
I'll do whatever I can to help out.
I'll do whatever I can to help you and Tom.
I'll do whatever I can to help you and Mary.
Your happiness is the most important thing in the world to me.
Tom caught me off guard.
The weathervane on top of the barn swung wildly from side to side.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get arrested.
I'm happy for this opportunity.
Tom is sitting at the table near the window.
I'm having a big party tonight.
Tom has suggested a solution to the problem.
I'm just here to help them out.
Tom felt really bad about what had happened.
I'm just hoping we can do that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to say.
I'm no better than anyone else.
I hope Tom and Mary change their minds.
I'm not ashamed of that at all.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
I'm not even thinking about it.
Tom doesn't know anything about electronics.
I'm not going to run for mayor.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted him to say.
I'm not going to show any fear.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted him to buy.
I'm not ready to have kids yet.
I don't think Tom will understand that.
I'm not too concerned about it.
Tom described what happened in great detail.
I'm not too worried about that.
Tom came out of the house with his hands up.
I'm now working on Park Street.
Tom asked me if I could lend him some money.
I'm one of the team's captains.
Tom and Mary danced together all night long.
I'm ready to go somewhere else.
I don't know what Tom wants me to buy.
I'm really proud of these kids.
Tom and Mary both ordered the lunch special.
I'm really proud of those guys.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than Mary.
I'm sorry if I offended anyone.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than I am.
I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
Tom is going to go swimming this afternoon.
I'm sure you have many friends.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were.
I'm surprised and disappointed.
Tom is from the same village that I'm from.
I'm told you're a good teacher.
Tom has been patiently waiting all morning.
I'm too scared to say anything.
Tom doesn't want people to know about that.
I'm training for the triathlon.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wasn't at school.
I'm very happy to be back home.
I swear this is true.
I swear it's true.
Tom is a total phony.
It would be funny, if it wasn't so sad.
It would be funny, if it wasn't so tragic.
Everybody is unique.
The wall just got ten feet higher.
I swear to God this is true.
The stakes just got a whole lot higher.
Tom is not a team player.
The crowd went silent.
Tom put all of his assets in a blind trust.
The whole room went silent as the timer counted down the last few minutes.
I didn't believe Tom would ever do it.
I'm very interested in the job.
Tom doesn't know where Mary parked her car.
I'm very much in favor of this.
Tom doesn't know what Mary was going to do.
I'm very proud of our students.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to do.
I'm very surprised to see that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is trying to do.
I've always been a hard worker.
The poorest have no access to education, which hinders the country's development.
By the God of the Hungarians we vow, we vow, that we will be slaves no longer!
This is something I don't understand.
Prussia is not Russia.
Russia is not Prussia.
I try to help Tom every chance I get.
I've been a little sick lately.
Tom died a little after 2:yesterday afternoon.
I've been doing it all my life.
Tom didn't know who Mary was going to meet.
I've been gone for a long time.
Tom didn't know where Mary had gone skiing.
I've been having some bad luck.
Tom didn't know what Mary was trying to do.
I've been here for a long time.
Repetition plays a very important role in language learning.
I can hardly imagine her doing that.
I can hardly imagine him doing that.
I can't imagine Tom doing that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom would ever do that.
I wonder if Tom could do a good job.
I've been here for a while now.
Tom didn't know what Mary was going to say.
I've got a lot of good friends.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted him to do.
I've got some stuff to do here.
Tom didn't get married until he was thirty.
I've got to learn to slow down.
Tom didn't do what he promised he would do.
I've had a wonderful time here.
Think twice before buying that new car. You'll be a slave to the bank for seven years.
Their opinion is quite different from mine.
I think perhaps you should call Tom.
I've never made a lot of money.
Tom didn't come home from school yesterday.
You don't know everything I do.
Tom could swim when he was three years old.
I accomplished what I wanted to.
Tom and Mary both wanted a lot of children.
I always try to stay optimistic.
Tom is wearing an expensive-looking watch.
I always wanted to go to Boston.
You shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I can't explain why it happened.
Tom is much taller than anybody else here.
I certainly have had great luck.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than you.
I certainly hope that'll happen.
Tom is checking his messages on his phone.
I certainly would like a refund.
Tom is Mary's boyfriend's father's cousin.
I come from a family of doctors.
Father, I am guilty.
Father, I wish to confess.
It's possible that Tom is a genius.
I come from a humble background.
Tom gave his father a tie on Father's Day.
I could eat this for every meal.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't at school.
I could see something was wrong.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to live.
I couldn't do anything about it.
Tom doesn't do that as often as he should.
I didn't have a bad time either.
I didn't know this was going on.
Tom didn't stop talking to Mary all night.
I didn't know what had happened.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted to live.
I didn't know you were a doctor.
Tom didn't have a chance to speak to Mary.
I didn't take it that seriously.
Tom bought a box of candy to give to Mary.
I didn't think it was a problem.
I wonder how long Tom will be here.
I didn't think it was that good.
Tom asked me to call him John from now on.
I didn't want to get out of bed.
Tom asked Mary to help him clean his room.
I didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom always wears sunglasses, even indoors.
I didn't want to think about it.
Tom knew where Mary bought her groceries.
I don't believe that to be true.
His wife hated his mistress, and vice versa.
I didn't recognize you from last night.
I didn't post the exams results online.
I didn't believe the tales of evil spirits.
I didn't expect more bloodshed.
I didn't expect results straightaway.
Mary doesn't seem very warm.
They think their government doesn't care about them.
I only went over there to help.
I'm going by myself.
At one point, this city was beautiful.
This isn't surprising at all.
I'm very sexy.
I'm so sexy.
The most profitable sectors in the United States and Europe are the military and pharmaceutical industries. Knowing this, there is no need to explain why there are always wars on Earth. Yes, it's a shame.
I wasn't expecting Tom to be there.
I don't feel like a man anymore.
Tom knew that Mary was trying to do that.
I don't know if I can trust you.
Tom isn't accustomed to working at night.
I don't know what it's like yet.
Tom is single and has never been married.
I don't know what that thing is.
Tom is just a little bit shorter than me.
I don't know what the answer is.
This isn't at all surprising.
I haven't heard from Tom in a year.
I don't know what the matter is.
Tom is a Canadian who lives in Australia.
I don't know what you call this.
Tom hung out with his friends last night.
I don't know what's best for me.
Tom hoped to get back together with Mary.
I don't know why it didn't work.
Tom has stayed at my house several times.
I don't know why it's happening.
I'll come there.
I'll get there.
Sons of God, we are divine seeds. One day, we will be what our Father is.
I'm in the classroom.
Do the Scots have their own language?
Saturn has a lot of moons.
In Esperanto, green symbolizes hope.
Today's a bit hotter than usual, don't you think?
Brazil needs more engineers.
Tom knew that people were going to say bad things about him.
They skied all day long.
You'll soon get used to life in the village.
He's already been under house arrest for two years.
I want to work in a hospital.
She's on her way to Thailand.
I don't even understand myself.
He's constantly abroad.
Let's get back to our topic!
I get scared when it thunders.
We did everything that was possible, but nothing helped.
I get sad when it rains.
Am I to cry or laugh?
I don't know if she has a brother.
How did you find out that I like this fish?
I don't think Tom has a brother.
A lot of warm words were said.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't have a brother.
I don't know if Tom has a brother or not.
Tom told me that he doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
I saw five planes taking off, as if they were birds.
The secretary works on business correspondence.
Tom looked around the room, making sure that everything was alright.
Tom appeared suddenly, as if he just grew out of the ground.
Well, it's time for me to run off. Bye!
I give lessons in Spanish.
What kind?
Our professor looks young for his age.
Sorry, could you repeat that?
This is a classic.
In the autumn, the leaves on the trees become yellow.
As the autumn gets closer, the nights become longer.
We drink a lot of beer at home.
The newspaper said that a lion escaped from the zoo, and that it could now be in any part of the city.
I don't need to repeat myself twice.
I'm dying of thirst. Give me water!
I'm dying of hunger! I haven't eaten anything in three days.
This door leads into the kitchen.
She's my favorite singer.
Tom took out a loan from the bank, so he could buy a house.
Because of the accident, there was traffic on the bridge.
Do you have any group in WhatsApp?
They'll find out.
They'll soon find out.
We hope to come up with a solution soon.
Earthshine is brightest on the nights around the new moon.
How did you find out where Tom lives?
Where did you buy that hat?
Last summer, I spent three weeks in Boston.
Put your helmet on.
In case of emergency, break glass.
I'm on a top secret mission.
Tom is on a top secret mission.
I don't know if Tom is safe or not.
I don't know why they picked me.
Tom doesn't know who Mary's boyfriend is.
I don't like getting dressed up.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to eat.
I don't like this kind of music.
Tom didn't know who Mary's boyfriend was.
I don't mean half of what I say.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted to eat.
I don't need to do that anymore.
Tom watches all the TV news programmes.
I am encouraged by his progress in class.
His progress in class is encouraging.
The doctor received encouraging results from the study of the new drug on impotent mice.
The family received discouraging news from the doctor about Tom's health.
Mary can lick her own chin.
I don't care who Tom is talking to.
I don't take things for granted.
Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I don't tell people what to eat.
Tom committed suicide when he was thirty.
I don't think I broke any rules.
Tom asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee.
I don't think that's the answer.
Tom and Mary have been married for years.
I don't think this is a problem.
Where du you think you're going?
What time do you call this?
Where on earth are we?
I had forgotten about that.
I'm super happy.
Tom is super happy.
I finally understand what you were trying to do.
I finally understand what you tried to tell me.
I finally understand what you have been trying to tell me all along.
I understand now what you were trying to tell me.
I finally understand what you were trying to tell me.
I understand what you're trying to tell me.
I finally understand what Tom was telling me.
I finally understand what Mary was trying to tell me.
I now finally understand what Tom was trying to tell me.
I think I finally understand now.
I just took it for granted that you would always be there for me no matter what.
I always just took it for granted that you would be there for me.
I always just took it for granted.
At the time, I thought it was a mistake.
At the time, I thought it was a mistake. I was wrong.
At the time, I thought it was the right thing to do.
It was a very foolish mistake.
Tom pressed his cheek against my cheek.
Mary pressed her cheek against Tom's cheek.
I was just on my way.
Tom opened his present.
This is so beautiful.
It's so beautiful out here.
Wow. The stars are so beautiful out here.
The stars sparkle like diamonds.
You mean everything to me.
Her eyes sparkled like diamonds.
Mary's eyes sparkled like diamonds.
I'm pretty sure that's Tom's goal.
I don't think this is a setback.
Tom and Mary adopted a handicapped child.
I don't think this is realistic.
Tom said he didn't want to eat anything.
I don't think you can change it.
Tom is much better at singing than I am.
I don't want anyone to see that.
Tom hasn't been to Boston since October.
I don't want anything to happen.
Mary fought back her tears.
Those who don't learn from their mistakes are doomed to repeat them.
Tom's life was totally ruined by drugs.
I'm Tom by the way.
I'm Mary by the way and this is Tom.
Who would like to go first?
He didn't say anything else.
She didn't say anything else.
You make your own luck.
There's something else I need to discuss with you.
Do you like lasagna?
I never meant for things to happen the way they did.
Tom bought drinks for everyone at the bar.
You must have made quite an impression on her.
You must have made quite an impression on him.
It sounds like he made quite an impression on you.
It sounds like she made quite an impression on you.
He seems to have made quite an impression on you.
Do you want to make a snowman?
Do you want to build a snowman?
I never see you anymore.
"Do you trust me?" "No."
Do you know how to make lasagna?
It's complicated enough as it is.
My battery's at ten percent.
Her eyes caught his.
His eyes caught hers.
It's too early to go to the beach.
Go now before it's too late.
He sounded intrigued.
She sounded intrigued.
Tom sounded intrigued.
"Can you do me a favor?" "What kind of favor?"
I've never seen her so upset.
I've never seen him so upset.
Now it's my turn to ask a question.
Don't ever mention this in front of Tom.
I need to ask a favor.
I need to ask you for a favor.
"What do you want for Christmas?" "I don't know."
Music is the most perishable of things, fragile and delicate, easily destroyed.
My major preoccupation is the question, 'What is reality?'
You saw something you were not supposed to see.
Writing is a lonely way of life. You shut yourself up in your study and work and work.
For each person there is a sentence—a series of words—which has the power to destroy him. Another sentence exists, another series of words, which will heal the person.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
Mental illness is not funny.
Each of us assumes everyone else knows what he is doing. They all assume we know what we are doing. We don't.
Nothing is going on and nobody knows what it is.
Nobody is concealing anything except the fact that he does not understand anything anymore and wishes he could go home.
Can virtue exist without sin?
The electric things have their life too. Paltry as those lives are.
No one today remembered why the war had come about or who, if anyone, had won. The dust which had contaminated most of the planet’s surface had originated in no country, and no one, even the wartime enemy, had planned on it.
Doctor Labyrinth, like most people who read a great deal and who have too much time on their hands, had become convinced that our civilization was going the way of Rome. He saw, I think, the same cracks forming that had sundered the ancient world, the world of Greece and Rome; and it was his conviction that presently our world, our society, would pass away as theirs did, and a period of darkness would follow.
Science has given us more lives than it has taken; we must remember that.
What we speak of as 'causality' is nothing more than the phenomenon of repetition.
Spinoza saw, and I think with great profundity, that if a falling stone could reason, it would think, "I want to fall at the rate of thirty-two feet per second per second." Free will for us—that is, when we feel desire, when we are conscious of wanting to do what we do—may be even for us an illusion.
Assumptions are the things you don’t know you’re making.
Privacy is as necessary as company; you can drive a man crazy by depriving him of either.
Man is not a rational animal; he is a rationalizing animal.
The capacity of the human mind for swallowing nonsense and spewing it forth in violent and repressive action has never yet been plumbed.
The death rate is the same for us as for anybody ... one person, one death, sooner or later.
How you behave toward cats here below determines your status in Heaven.
Neither ‘common sense’ nor ‘logic’ can prove anything. Proof comes from experiment, or to put it another way, from experience, and from nothing else.
I don't have any artistic talent.
If you would know a man, observe how he treats a cat.
Nobody ever wins a lawsuit but the lawyers.
This investigation can act as a foundation for more comprehensive research.
Cats have no sense of humor, they have terribly inflated egos, and they are very touchy.
The more complicated the law the more opportunity for scoundrels.
Age is not an accomplishment, and youth is not a sin.
Life is short, but the years are long.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Jealousy is a disease; love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often confuses one for the other, or assumes the greater the love, the greater the jealousy. In fact they are almost incompatible; both at once produce unbearable turmoil.
Progress doesn't come from early risers — progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.
A generation which ignores history has no past—and no future.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
You live and learn. Or you don't live long.
Each generation thinks it invented sex; each generation is totally mistaken.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
I think all cats are wild. They only act tame if there's a saucer of milk in it for them.
Nothing's more playful than a young cat, nor more grave than an old one.
The cat is a wild animal that inhabits the homes of humans.
In ancient times cats were worshiped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
When a man loves cats, I am his friend and comrade, without further introduction.
If animals could speak, the dog would be a blundering outspoken fellow; but the cat would have the rare grace of never saying a word too much.
When there was room on the ledge outside of the pots and boxes for a cat, the cat was there — in sunny weather — stretched at full length, asleep and blissful, with her furry belly to the sun and a paw curved over her nose. Then that house was complete, and its contentment and peace were made manifest to the world by this symbol, whose testimony is infallible. A home without a cat—and a well-fed, well-petted, and properly revered cat—may be a perfect home, perhaps, but how can it prove title?
Can you say much in Dutch?
I don't want to be late for class on the first day.
Tom cleans his glasses every day.
I guess I should've known.
Dinner was delicious.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa Claus.
Are those synthetic or cultured pearls?
Tom didn't have any presents to open.
This isn't any old chair; it's an antique.
Tom beat me to the punch.
Tom needs to improve his employability.
Experience in volunteering can make you more employable.
You're the second person that's said that to me today.
Tom speaks Hiberno-English.
Tom speaks Irish English.
Tom needs the table setting.
Nothing seems to make sense anymore.
Tom saw something he wasn't supposed to see.
A real man makes his own luck.
The island of Ireland consists of thirty-two counties.
Irish is the first official language of Ireland.
This table is wonky.
How the other half lives.
Feck off.
The squirrel ate out of his hand.
It is very late.
My children like school.
Now go to bed.
I can't believe he just did that!
Can you believe she said that?
I can't believe those kids talk to their mom that way.
I believe that Ariana Grande is going to win a Grammy award.
Ariana Grande is one of the best pop musical artists in the United States.
I wonder how Tom feels about this.
I don't want to be up all night.
Tom has never had the chance to do that.
I don't want to do it like that.
Tom has given a lot of money to charity.
I don't want to do that anymore.
Tom has done what we expected him to do.
I don't want to let that happen.
Tom has been charged with Mary's murder.
I don't want to regret anything.
Why did you decide to name your son Tarzan?
Why did you decide to name your son Tom?
This fake news story was shared over a million times on Facebook.
Where I come from, it's a tradition to name one's first born Tom, and second son John.
This dress is a good buy.
Tom is still young and hasn't managed to get any enemies.
I trust my intuition.
You had time to think. What'd you decide?
No one dared to approach Tom, as he had a knife in his hand.
We heard voices in the room.
You can't even imagine what he's capable of.
They found drugs in his luggage.
Tom spent days in the archives and wrote articles at night.
May I ask what book you are reading?
I still have so much to do.
My brother is twenty one years old and is married.
Tom was looking for the treasure, but didn't find it.
Tom has unique musical abilities.
Loud music bothers me.
The music you listen to reflects your inner world.
Do you like comic books?
It's too bad I didn't study law either.
For some unknown reason, he got up on the table and started singing.
The only thing that remains unknown to man is man himself.
Still, if it were true, I think I'd know it.
Yesterday, my boyfriend told me he'd heard that beautiful women love to be called intelligent, and intelligent women love to be called beautiful. Then he added, "So you must love it that people call you both." In your opinion, how am I supposed to feel about that?
"I think it's feasible. Should we try?" "We can always dream..."
How do you expect me to know that? I'm not a psychic.
I don't know anyone I could speak Chinese with.
I've got tons of ideas. Good ones, not so much.
How long were you in Japan?
Could it have been a murder?
He had his wife painted.
This law was written in an unconstitutional way.
I'd love to overcome my inferiority complex.
I've suffered from an inferiority complex for several years.
Inferiority complexes are more common than we think.
If this ideology is racist, colonialist, and unjust, then I think that's what it must be called. You have to call a spade a spade.
I forgot my medications.
Where can I find a pharmacy that's open on the weekends?
Jesteś próżny.
I was surprised by Tom's strength.
I dreamed I was in Boston again.
Tom has asked me to lend him some money.
I feel a lot better than before.
Tom gave his servants the afternoon off.
I feel great and I feel healthy.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
I feel like I let the team down.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat.
I feel really strongly about it.
She borrowed a book from him many years ago and hasn't returned it yet.
I think I will buy the red car.
The reporter went to Barcelona to document the riots.
Tom showed me a magic trick.
I thought Tom would never find it.
I feel sorry for these children.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to buy.
I feel very strongly about that.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted to go.
I feel very strongly about this.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted to eat.
I feel way more comfortable now.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted to buy.
I felt like I could do anything.
I changed only a few words.
I auditioned for Arthur Fox.
I have two children and they will soon arrive.
I forgot the wedding date.
I thought I saw a resemblance.
I simply repeated his words.
I visited all the international airports.
I completely forgot the vegetables.
I phoned his representative.
I received your letter and I was very worried.
I talked to the new manager, I arranged everything.
I want to go to the beach.
I was sick, but I'm fine now.
I noticed strange details.
I immediately called an ambulance.
I have a new boyfriend.
I have a surprise for Charles.
I discovered American music.
I have the tickets in my bag.
Unfortunately, I have bad news.
I enjoyed listening to them.
I have a master's degree in mechanical engineering.
I chose dual nationality.
I had incredible parents.
I have some things to deal with.
I finally realized that vampires exist.
I hired a bad accountant.
I grew up in this city.
I wrote a song about it.
I wanted to try it too.
I think Tom will be well prepared.
I got to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't get paid for the work he did.
I got up to go and look outside.
Tom comes here about three times a year.
I guess I'll find out next week.
Tom bought a couple of cans of tomatoes.
I guess that doesn't concern me.
Tom and Mary were both arrested in 2013.
I guess that's one way to do it.
I think Tom is going to come back.
I guess we're both going to die.
Tom and Mary decided to go out together.
I guess you didn't realize that.
Tom and Mary always seem to be fighting.
I guess you must be very hungry.
Tom knew where Mary had parked her car.
I guess you're right about that.
Tom knew that Mary was studying French.
I had a very good day yesterday.
I really thought Tom was a doctor.
I have a family to take care of.
Tom is worried that he might get fired.
I have a job working for a bank.
Tom is one of Mary's childhood friends.
I have a lot of work to do here.
Tom is definitely feeling better today.
I have bruises all over my body.
Tom has been living with us since 2013.
I have nothing to say right now.
I know Tom is thinking about that.
I have some things I want to do.
Tom graduated from high school in 2013.
I haven't always been a teacher.
Tom got another letter from Mary today.
I haven't got all day, you know.
Tom drove Mary to the nearest hospital.
I haven't thought much about it.
Tom doesn't live with his wife anymore.
I heard voices through the wall.
I hope Tom and Mary finish school.
I honestly didn't feel any pain.
Tom doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
I just don't know what happened.
Tom doesn't know exactly where Mary is.
I just don't want to look at it.
Tom didn't want to rely on anyone else.
I just feel a little inadequate.
Tom didn't know what Mary wanted to do.
I just want to see what happens.
I figured Tom would never find it.
I just wanted to make a gesture.
Tom didn't know what Mary needed to do.
I just wanted to thank everyone.
Tom didn't do what he said he would do.
I knew exactly what I had to do.
Tom came home Monday afternoon at 2:30.
I knew it would be an adventure.
Tom bought Mary some expensive clothes.
I knew that was going to happen.
I don't know why Tom didn't do it.
I knew what was going to happen.
Tom and Mary both wanted a lot of kids.
I know that I have to be better.
Tom and Mary always seem to be arguing.
I know they're as happy as I am.
Tom knew what Mary was supposed to do.
I know we're a pretty good team.
Tom isn't much of a basketball player.
I know when I'm in over my head.
I don't know what Tom was reading.
I know you're smarter than I am.
Tom is wearing a strange-looking hat.
I know you're smarter than that.
Tom is the fastest runner on our team.
I left the keys in the ignition.
Tom is just trying to make ends meets.
I like to be with my classmates.
Tom is good at making paper airplanes.
I love the beaches in Australia.
I don't know what Tom wants to do.
I love what I'm doing right now.
Tom hopes to visit Boston next summer.
I miss my family and my friends.
Tom hasn't read the morning paper yet.
I needed a break, so I took one.
Tom has never kissed anyone in public.
I never thought I would do that.
Tom has known Mary since she was born.
I never thought it would happen.
I could see that Tom was grinning.
I never wanted to have children.
Tom has already spoken to me about it.
I really believed it would work.
Tom doesn't know who Mary's father is.
I really didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't need to be told what to do.
I really wish you would do that.
Tom didn't know what Mary was cooking.
I regret that this all happened.
I knew that it wasn't true.
Sadness is poetic.
And the first prize goes to...John Doe!
Tom buttoned his coat.
Tom stared in astonishment.
Mary stared in astonishment.
I got caught in a rainstorm.
We got caught in a rainstorm.
Why are you all wet?
I'll be darned.
I'll get the fire started.
Do you like your hot chocolate?
Mary sipped her hot chocolate.
Tom is in the ski lodge.
Do you want some hot chocolate?
Mary looked at me and smiled.
Tom rubbed his forehead.
I'm sorry. I must have drifted off.
Go ahead. I'm listening.
Tom sipped his hot chocolate in silence.
Tom sipped his hot chocolate.
Tom doesn't like German food.
They all began to laugh.
I think he really believes it.
I think she really believes it.
There's nothing wrong with that, either.
I don't have my glasses with me.
He didn't look happy to see her.
Tom didn't look happy to see Mary.
She didn't look happy to see him.
What's wrong? Why are you crying?
I have to go. It's getting late.
Tom looked around, but Mary was already gone.
Mary stared out the window.
After a long day at work, nothing feels better than a good hot bath.
Everything was silent.
My dress is ruined.
Is it always hot like this?
Is it always cold like this?
Tom slept nearly the whole way.
Be careful or Tom'll knock the daylights out of you.
Tom came home all covered in mud.
Be careful or Tom'll beat the living daylights out of you.
I don't care who started it.
Tom sat in his rocking chair.
There's an ongoing project to reimagine the city.
Tom has a voracious appetite.
The cogs are whirring loudly.
Tom walked into the signpost.
The town is badly signposted.
Tom got lost because the route wasn't signposted.
Half of the signposts in the area are pointing in the wrong direction.
Tom and Mary competed together in the three-legged race on sports day.
You need at least four people for a three-legged race.
It's an unrestricted database.
Tom was given unrestricted access.
Is spontaneous human combustion scientifically proven?
Tom lives in an apartment complex.
Mary watched the children play.
Tom was given an injection with a hypodermic needle.
Do you know how to use a hypodermic needle?
Obstructions near doors can impede people in an emergency.
Comb over your essay before submitting it.
Tom has a combover to his bald patch.
Tom is playing a string instrument of some sort.
Tom is clinically depressed.
Tom is a dab hand at cooking.
The guns are full of rubber pellets.
Tom put slug pellets on the cabbage patch.
This looks like a good photo opportunity.
Tom is a diamond in the rough.
Can you quantify happiness?
The temperature was at least degrees.
Secondary schools across the country are currently closed due to strikes.
Tom digitises books in his spare time.
I'd recommend that you seek professional advice first.
I can sleep on the sofa.
I can sleep on the couch.
Be warned, the judge disqualifies for the smallest of mistakes.
Diffusion is passive because it doesn't require an external source of energy.
You don't look anything like Tom.
I remember telling you about it.
Tom decided to throw a party for Mary.
I said that wasn't what I meant.
Tom claims that he was born in Boston.
I still find it hard to believe.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money.
I suppose you know all about it.
Tom is tall, but not as tall as I am.
I think I could do a better job.
I like explaining things.
Tom started a bar fight.
I'm never going to drink again.
I'd love a cold drink.
Shut up and dig!
That's what I hope for.
That's what I hope will happen.
That's what I hope Tom will do.
Yes, I think I need to go.
Mary will call her mother-in-law.
From now on he will be there for you.
Starting now he'll be there for you.
He is always looking for a good job.
He's always searching for a good job.
Ten years ago, around forty thousand girls used to go to school in Kunarr, but now this number has reached to seventy-two thousand.
That book was written by two people.
Hopefully he'll wait for me.
It is in no way an easy job.
Don't go in the kitchen!
I need it until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't get dizzy.
We won't die.
You didn't draw your dog well.
Hopefully, Tom will wait for me.
Don't feel insulted.
There are many familiar words.
There's a lot of familiar words.
I'm sure Tom is going to hate me.
I think about that all the time.
Tom is smarter than anyone else here.
I think all of us are concerned.
Tom is doing what we asked, isn't he?
I think it was quite impressive.
Tom hopes to become a famous painter.
I think it would be so much fun.
Tom hasn't been to Boston since 2013.
I think it's a good idea myself.
Relative to other courses I've taken, this one is pretty easy
I am fourteen years old.
It's only wrong when other people do it.
Will you come with me? I don't want to go there alone.
I don't want to go there alone.
Hypocrisy is everywhere.
You can be charged with child endangerment for driving while intoxicated if you're carrying passengers younger than years old.
My common-law husband and I have been living in Texas and now want to validate our common-law marriage so that it is legally recognized.
The prime lending rate is an interest rate determined by individual banks.
However, this prohibition does not apply if you use an air rifle, air pistol, or 22- caliber rimfire firearm for the control of listed birds.
Mr. Michael Bruhn was appointed as the Executive Secretary of the Department of Defense by Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates on April 25, 2010.
The incumbent broker has days to obtain a countermand letter in order to maintain the account.
You're a man.
He's a boy.
He goes to junior high.
She goes to junior high.
This is just a rumor.
Tom often writes about his friends in his blog.
Tom never mentions his children in his blog posts.
Tom never told me that he had children.
I was surprised to find out that Tom had children.
Don't go in the kitchen.
I'm sure Tom forgot all about it.
I think it's a very good deal.
Tom has come to pick up his children.
I think it's going to take time.
Tom has been working here since 2013.
I think it's just a coincidence.
Tom has been spending time with Mary.
I think it's unlikely to happen.
Tom has been missing for thirty days.
I think that was a huge mistake.
Tom looked mystified.
This is Tom's favorite expression.
I'll bet you a silver dollar.
I'll bet you thirty dollars I can get to Boston faster than you can.
Tom gets excited about everything.
Mary is making jam.
This is a little bit strange.
Mary rubbed her crystal ball.
Mary read Tom's future in her magic crystal ball.
This is a magic broom.
This is a magic broomstick.
I laughed so hard, my ribs hurt.
I was laughing so hard my ribs hurt.
I laughed so hard tears streamed down my face.
I laughed so hard I cried.
Tom's eyes got all watery.
There is only one of me.
Her eyes got all watery.
Tom cried over Mike's shoulder.
She cried over his shoulder.
He cried over her shoulder.
We cried in each other's arms.
Mary cried in my arms.
They cried in each other's arms.
The library keeps only one of each book.
"I have different kinds of fruit. What do you want?" "I want one of each."
Tom is an oncologist.
I'm just venting my frustration.
I was just venting my frustration.
Mary pulled her knees up to her chest and rested her chin on them.
I've left my charger at home.
I ate my sandwich.
I was just venting my anger.
The two countries are engaged in biological warfare.
I had a sandwich for lunch.
Tom awaited the news with bated breath.
The water was cold but invigorating.
"Is Tom your boyfriend?" "It's complicated."
Tom walked out of the building.
Tom jumped from the boat.
Your fiancee is in the lobby.
I hope this letter finds you in good health.
Some people believe that the world is flat.
Some people still believe that the world is flat.
Can you really predict the future?
I hope everything is going well with you.
Mary is a classically-trained musician.
I hope you have a lovely Christmas and New Year.
Have a lovely Christmas!
Tom helped Mary stand up.
This jam is homemade.
Tom took her in his arms.
My car is parked outside.
"I'll give you twenty bucks for it." "Nothing doing. Thirty dollars; take it or leave it." "Fine, then I guess I'll take my business elsewhere."
I had it destroyed.
Tom is a classically-trained musician.
I'm sure Tom doesn't know either.
I think that would be a mistake.
Tom has been crying almost every day.
I think that's a great question.
Tom has an old radio in his basement.
I think that's an amazing story.
Tom got his medical degree in Boston.
I think the best is yet to come.
Tom finally did what he agreed to do.
I think they've done a good job.
Tom is Mary's fiancé.
Mary is Tom's fiancée.
Linda will be here.
Journalism is the first rough draft of history.
The child is the father of the man.
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky: so was it when my life began; so is it now I am a man; so be it when I shall grow old, or let me die!
It seemed like a fairy tale.
He seemed like some sort of prince from a fairy tale.
She seemed like some sort of princess from a fairy tale.
It was like a fairy tale.
Tom's house has a big backyard with a large oak tree.
Mary wore her favorite necklace.
Tom shoved his hands in his pockets.
I hope I didn't offend you.
God works in mysterious ways.
Tom wore a long-sleeved shirt.
Tom wore a button-down shirt.
We were friends right from the start.
It did not go well.
My love is like a red, red rose.
Tom pulled his knees up to his chest.
John sets the table.
We lost our camera not long ago.
The police were very cooperative.
I hope I didn't make too many errors.
Maybe others have better ideas.
Who has a better idea?
Can we talk now?
That's not my mistake.
Does Mary drink tea?
She smells really nice.
I'm excited to see what Tom does.
I think this is a terrible idea.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has to do.
I think this is a terrific idea.
Tom didn't know where his family was.
I think this is really exciting.
Tom claimed that he didn't know Mary.
I think we can get a lot better.
Tom came back to Boston last October.
I think we do a really good job.
These are serious problems. They shouldn't be swept under the carpet.
He looks just like an angel.
Are you an angel?
She looks just like an angel.
There's a balloon inside the balloon.
Tom tied the balloon to Mary's wrist.
Tom gave Mary a heart-shaped balloon.
The balloon popped unexpectedly.
You can try this experiment at home.
Mary is a midwife.
Tom fainted at the sight of blood.
I want to return this blouse and get my money back.
Mary put her high-heels back on.
Oil spills are bad for the environment.
I would do it if Tom asked me to.
I think we have a bright future.
Tom brought Mary a box of chocolates.
I think we have more work to do.
Tom always seems to be in a bad mood.
I think we're a better team now.
Tom also needs to fill out this form.
I think we're on the right path.
Tom acted as if nothing had happened.
I think we're ready to go there.
"Are you an angel?" "Yes," the angel responded.
You should ask for a refund.
May I return this for a refund?
They wouldn't give me a refund.
They wouldn't believe me.
Lost time is never found again.
Stop procrastinating.
Her parents were devastated.
Tom's parents were devastated.
Treat them with respect.
They should treat people with more respect.
I worked just as hard as Tom did.
I think we've all made mistakes.
Tom shouldn't be allowed to do that.
I think you're right about that.
Tom knew where Mary had gone skiing.
I thought I had nothing to lose.
Tom knew what Mary was trying to do.
I thought I would have children.
Tom knew what Mary was going to say.
I thought perhaps you'd join us.
Early computers used punch cards.
I won't cry anymore.
Stop running!
I'm sorry, I didn't explain properly.
Tom didn't explain himself properly.
Mary pouted her lips.
Tom is having a birthday bash this weekend.
Tom just bashed his knee off the table.
Tom went to the university's open day.
Are you going to the open day?
I picked up a prospectus and some other literature at the open day.
I enjoy the weather.
I am enjoying the last rays of the autumn sunshine.
Tom worked as a physiotherapist.
Tom worked as a physio.
The entire city is overrun by zombies.
Is this jumper machine washable?
The tree is secreting sap.
Tom needs to underpin his house as it's subsiding.
Make-up can accentuate your cheekbones.
The crowd dispersed quickly.
Fungi disperse spores.
I also work at the weekend.
Why would your opinion be more important than mine?
The future scares me too much.
You're Russian?
The water is flowing.
I like your sweater.
Denglish is frowned upon by most Germans.
Tom wore a Christmas sweater with embroidered reindeer.
My house is tiny.
Does anyone live here?
Does anybody live here?
The cutlery has disappeared.
The cutlery has gone missing.
Can you frame this picture?
Can you frame this picture for me?
Everybody called Mary "the Sphinx", because she always spoke in riddles.
Mount Everest's summit is the highest spot in the world.
The peak of Mount Everest is the highest spot in the world.
Tom wore a Christmas sweater embroidered with reindeer.
You are being guided.
I don't know anyone at the party.
I didn't know anyone at the party.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a terrible tragedy, which will affect the entire course of our future lives, occurred about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
I have no good way to tell you this, but a horrendous tragedy, which is going to affect the whole course of our future lives, took place about half an hour ago on the southern part of Route 4.
Tom is allergic to monosodium glutamate.
Asian cuisine is often flavoured with monosodium glutamate.
Tom is allergic to MSG.
Asian cuisine is often flavoured with MSG.
I understood Tom's point of view.
I thought the movie was awesome.
Tom knew what Mary wanted him to do.
I thought we played really well.
Tom just needed a little more money.
I try my best to be considerate.
Tom is the tallest boy in our group.
I try to keep a low profile now.
Tom is someone who can't be trusted.
I understand that it's not fair.
He was an example of a famous athlete, in his days.
Miri had a key role setting this party up.
The future scares me a lot.
Tom is setting the table.
Tom sets the table on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Mary sets the table on the other days.
How often does Tom set the table?
At the time, music was everything to us.
If you're sleepy, you should take a nap.
We can still break even.
Excluding Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Excluding Barack Obama, all presidents of the United States were white.
Aside from Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
Are you sure she'll come on time?
Apart from Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
If you want to know God, read this book.
Except Barack Obama, all US presidents were white.
The first apples have already started to fall.
I told them I changed my opinion.
The animals need to eat.
I never go to the sea.
David killed Goliath with a sling.
They sat down next to her.
With the exception of Barack Obama, all US presidents have been white.
We have a good chance of breaking ahead if we manage our assets carefully.
Google had an important part turning the information over the internet more accessible.
Journalistic spins heavily affect on everyday discourse.
I have no intention to act so.
You are struggling greater forces!
I just want you to listen to me.
David defeats Goliath in court.
I'm enjoying this warm weather.
I think Tom was pretty exhausted.
I was a little bit disappointed.
Tom is outside watering the flowers.
I was busy doing something else.
Tom is convinced that's a good idea.
I was home for a couple of days.
Tom is almost as tall as his father.
I was impressed with what I saw.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in a long time.
I was in better shape back then.
I think Tom really does love you.
I was just wondering about that.
Tom has been spreading rumors about Mary.
I was never a very good athlete.
Tom has gone out to feed the horses.
I was only there for three days.
Tom has been taken off life support.
I was really apathetic at first.
Tom has been living here since 2013.
I was really desperate for help.
I must brush my back teeth.
I don't take them seriously.
What do you fancy for dinner?
I think Tom is a really nice kid.
I was waiting for that question.
Tom handled the situation very well.
I wasn't even thinking about it.
Tom got permission to go home early.
I wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom glanced at the clerk's name tag.
I wasn't sure what was going on.
Tom gave the police a false address.
I wasn't trying to hurt anybody.
That's kind of far from Europe, don't you think?
Let me fasten my seat belt!
I just found out my favorite hotel has gone out of business.
It looks a bit like favouritism to me.
Is this project even feasible?
Tom's story was not very feasible.
How much is the membership fee for your gym?
Would you like me to feed your cat?
I look forward to hearing your feedback.
Feel free to call me anytime.
I feel on top of the world today!
I've got a few hours to kill and I'm starting to feel a bit peckish. Let's get a bite to eat.
Fortunately Mary felt the same way as did Tom.
Actually, I'm feeling a bit down.
Shall I fetch Tom from the pleasure lounge?
Go and fetch the food and barbecue from the car!
I don't feel so good, I think I might have a fever.
I have a fever and I keep coughing.
The weather is a little chilly this morning.
Who can field this question?
Mary's kids are going on a field trip to the zoo tomorrow.
My studies are financed by my mother.
To be honest, I found that restaurant expensive.
Do you have a moment to discuss these figures with me?
I'll find a way to get a raise.
My creativity finds an outlet through learning modern languages.
I've found my man!
I found out that Tom had lied.
Here are the findings of our report.
Have you ever found yourself without a job?
I'm dying to rediscover fine British cuisine.
I'm just finishing off some notes quickly.
Finish off your plate before going out.
I just have to put the finishing touches on the presentation. It's almost done.
The fire is spreading to the gas tank.
She is a real firecracker!
Firefighters are trying desperately to reach the scene of the accident. Let's hope they arrive before it's too late!
I only travel first class.
First come, first served! See you all then.
Check out some of these first-hand testimonials. I have to be as objective as possible.
It's the first in a long series!
First stop, the laboratory. Then we'll see.
Put those files on my desk, and I'll look at them first thing in the morning.
First things first, let's go to the girl with her head in the clouds.
What's its fiscal status?
Are you going fishing?
Tom knows all the best fishing spots.
My son is fond of fish fingers.
What on earth are you doing in a fishing boat?
It ended with fisticuffs.
I'm not sure if this painting will fit on the wall.
It fits you like a glove!
This dress fits you to perfection!
He's quite fit!
We finally found a man who fits this description.
He's fit for the position.
Tom is hardly fit to run a company.
The surfboard doesn't fit in my suitcase.
I don't fit in these jeans anymore.
The new student does not fit in here at school.
I can't fit you in my schedule.
This water isn't fit to drink.
This water is undrinkable.
Have you fixed the dates yet?
We haven't fixed the final details of the budget.
Let me first and foremost ask you a few questions, and then we'll fix a date for the installation.
They rigged the football game.
I am fixing a meal.
I was flabbergasted when I found out that Mary used to be called Peter.
Tom has a flair for languages.
He likes flamboyant clothes.
We thought Mary and Tom were lost at sea but then we saw the distress flare.
This car is kind of flashy.
Tom carries a flask of Tequila with him wherever he goes.
I charge a flat fee of 2,dollars per weekend for my services.
It looks like we've got a flat tire.
Mary, you're flattering me.
I'm truly flattered!
I am duly flattered by your proposal.
Tom accidentally stapled the fleshy part of his ear.
It's only a flesh-wound, as they say.
Why don't we flip a coin?
We're going to flip it.
The house was so flooded that I had to swim to the kitchen.
Counterfeit DVDs from Asian countries have flooded the European market.
Would the members of the floor please stand up?
As long as the champagne is flowing, Tom is happy.
I think I have a stomach virus, or the flu, or both.
I can't keep track of the fluctuating market.
The clouds are white and fairly fluffy.
The bird flew into the cage.
I just flew in from San Francisco.
I'm flying out to New York City tomorrow.
Now that my only colleague has retired, I'm flying solo.
Our flying time tonight will be just under hours, but I'll see if I can speed things up a bit.
The press is focusing on the scandal.
The focus of next month's issue will be the effects of global warming.
San Francisco is known for its fog and its hills among other things.
I can't wait to share Tom's foie gras with you!
Let's have foie gras to start.
Mary just started a folk dancing class.
I'd like you to meet my folks.
You should follow my advice and marry her.
I strongly suggest you follow her advice.
I've always wanted to follow in your footsteps.
What are the rules of the game?
Mary says she will follow through on her ambitions.
His follow-up album was less of a success than his first one.
I would like to follow up on our conversation about global warming.
Are you available next week for a follow-up interview?
Mary was arrested following charges of murder.
Tom is fond of back massages.
Also, I am not a fan of the cafeteria food.
Two more food processing plants closed down this month.
Don't be fooled by Tom's e-mail!
We were young and foolish back then.
I'm footing the bill tonight.
I brought back incredible footage from Morocco.
What am I going to do with a football club exactly?
Whose footprints are these?
I don't really understand footwear.
Could you try to be a little less selfish for a change?
I'll keep this short and to the point, for a change.
Don't touch it for a minute!
For a start let me introduce Mary to you.
We haven't really spent time with each other for a while.
Would you mind driving for a while?
I've been looking for a nice satin scarf like that for aeons.
What I really needed was to spend a bit of time with my best mates Tom and Mary, who I've known for ages.
For all other requests, please hold the line.
Nothing has changed for generations.
We could meet at my house for once.
For once in my life I want to make perfumes.
First of all, I'm not for sale.
For some reason I don't like Tom.
I've been living in San Francisco for some time now.
For the first time in a long while, I feel uninspired and quite frankly, I'm tired.
Volkswagen was supposed to be the car for the masses!
For my diet, I can't eat any more sweets for the next two months.
I'll be in Morocco for the next seven years.
For the past two weeks, Mary has been working non-stop to prepare for the press conference.
For the past seven days, our entire computer network has been down.
For the record I didn't vote for Trump.
For the sake of those around you, please refrain from smoking in the office.
For the time being, I'm happy with my internet service provider.
For those of us that love frisbee, there's a match tomorrow.
I left my gold fish alone and without food for too long and it eventually died!
For what it's worth, I don't think you should go.
I'm in town for one night only.
I've played tennis for years and years.
This document is highly confidential. For your eyes only.
The door is heavy. You need to use a lot of force to open it.
When it started raining, Mary's hair dye ran down her forehead.
Tom is from a foreign country.
Customer service is one of our foremost priorities.
First and foremost, I'd like to thank everyone for coming.
Do you foresee any changes?
I don't think that Tom will find a girlfriend for himself in the foreseeable future.
I will love you forever and ever.
You'll have to make a toast but it's just a formality.
I have been formally invited to have tea with the Queen. Unfortunately I am busy.
How formally should your guests dress?
I had problems with my former tenants.
Tom wasn't very forthcoming about what happened with Mary.
As soon as the argument ended, I left the office forthwith.
I was on holiday for a fortnight.
Thanks to your initiatives we've been recognized as a progressive and forward-thinking enterprise by the press.
I found a dinosaur fossil in my garden.
I'm wearing some foundation, a bit of blush and some eyeliner.
This country is founded upon the principles of freedom, equality and fraternity.
It has to be a four-star hotel, and central.
I don't like the way you speak your mind.
This region is famous for its fowl.
Frankly, I have no idea what's going on here.
You're such a freak.
Freaks are normally shunned from society.
Your freaking grandfather nearly ran me over!
I can't see a freaking thing!
Tom is totally freaking nuts!
The tickets are free of charge.
If you have some free time this weekend, you should come over for a drink.
If I may speak freely, this ad is horrible.
Has the freight arrived yet?
I looked at the menu and you'll never guess what they were serving: French toast!
I want you to stop frequenting the graveyard at night.
Old Tom could use some fresh air.
Don't fret too much, okay?
I'm in a fricking nightclub, dude!
The budget cuts are bound to cause some friction in the department.
There's always been some friction between Tom and Mary.
They're not very friendly at this restaurant.
The amount of money they spent on the wedding is frightening.
Isn't buying paintings for the office a little frivolous?
This is a present from all of us.
I am dressed in red from head to toe.
I could hear you from miles away!
From now on, I want a hot cup of coffee on my desk when I arrive at the office.
He stole my girlfriend from right under my nose!
I sense an accent there, you're not from round these parts, are you?
Are you from round these parts?
Things are going well from my perspective.
We still get together from time to time.
From what Tom tells me, we are doing very well this quarter.
Tom is frustrated that his girlfriend hasn't yet called him back.
Mary gets frustrated when her colleagues do not recycle.
Why don't you fry up some of those nice sausages for our barbecue?
I have just eaten a plate full of croissants. Now I am full.
It has been a full day of excitement and magic for me.
The day before Thanksgiving, the supermarkets are full to bursting.
The flat comes fully furnished.
The ceiling height is feet, and the apartment comes fully furnished.
It would be fun to make some crepes in the office.
Have you got any other fun facts for us?
Guys, can you give us some fun facts so that our listeners will never forget your countries?
Most people nowadays don't understand friendship.
Hastily ran a diligent vibrant and exhausted runner to run a wheelbarrow race that the tyrant's admirer wanted to dispatch in a trumped up excuse.
The food was wonderful.
Tom is haunted by the demons of his past.
Tom was haunted by the demons of his past.
Pesto can be frozen into cubes.
Would you like to have dinner at my place tonight?
We could order a pizza or something.
Let me do the cooking.
Would you like to come over to my place?
A dog barked.
Mary tilted her head sideways.
I wasn't flirting with him.
Tom's parents were shocked.
Try not to laugh.
Then you have suitors.
I wasn't flirting with Tom.
I think Tom has a long way to go.
I wonder how nutritious that is.
Tom explained the problem in detail.
I wonder if this is really true.
Tom doesn't like to talk about that.
I work in a hospital laboratory.
Tom doesn't dress like anybody else.
I would do it again if I had to.
Tom didn't know what Mary was doing.
I would do the same exact thing.
I wonder why the dogs are barking.
She was speechless.
He was speechless.
The count sketched a graph; another count sketched a count.
It was very stressful.
I think Tom had a real good year.
I would tend to agree with that.
Tom didn't know what Mary had to do.
I'd like to know where you were.
Tom bought Mary a Christmas present.
I'd like to see what's going on.
Tom asked me to read him some poems.
I'd love to come back next week.
Tom asked me to lend him some money.
I'd rather just let people talk.
I think Tom does a fantastic job.
I'll be gone for an entire week.
Tom and Mary quickly became friends.
I'll be waiting for you outside.
Tom always seems to know what to do.
I'll begin by asking a question.
Tom says he wants to talk with you.
I'll believe it when it happens.
Tom killed someone in self-defense.
I'll believe that when I see it.
We don't exclude the possibility of starting a company someday, but that is if and only if we have an innovative, coherent and ethical business model.
I'd like to know where you are.
Tom doesn't dress like everybody else.
I walk across that bridge every morning on the way to school.
I have changed the settings of your computer, so that the new configuration will make it run smoother.
For now, my sister is working as a cashier at the supermarket.
Stay strong.
I wasn't careful, and now I'm sunburned all over.
He studied day and night in aspiration to possibly become a lawyer.
I suspect Tom got what he wanted.
I'll find you the help you need.
Tom isn't dependent on his parents.
I'll get fired if I don't do it.
Tom isn't accustomed to doing that.
I'll give you a couple examples.
Tom is waiting for someone to come.
I'll go to the dentist tomorrow.
Tom is tall, but not as tall as me.
I'll help in whatever way I can.
I still think Tom doesn't get it.
I'll just do the best job I can.
Tom is married to someone else now.
I'll keep an open mind about it.
Tom is an immigrant from Australia.
I'll let you make that decision.
Tom hasn't yet signed the contract.
I'm a schoolteacher from Boston.
Tom hasn't signed the contract yet.
I'm anxious to see what happens.
There's little hope that he'll succeed.
There is little hope that he will succeed.
Vermilion is one the signifiers of Chinese culture.
The dragon is one of the cultural emblems of China.
My wish is to become a teacher.
I've finished eating.
I'm going to eat.
I'm not Chinese.
I had a shower.
I showered.
I'm not German.
Are you awake yet?
"I've lost my wallet," John sighed.
Maria doesn't eat food that's sold on the street.
I am usually able to read eight books in a month.
There are seven billion people in the world, and yet I am nonetheless alone.
Glasses are more convenient for me than contact lenses.
Russia will be the host of the World Cup in 2018.
Brazil is partitioned into states, which in turn are partitioned into municipalities.
There are a lot of interesting books in German and French.
Does he live in the same apartment building?
You need to make your peace with his death.
He lived in Europe for fifteen years.
I hate talking about politics.
The teacup fell down and shattered.
We had to stop because of the heavy rain.
Tom is organising a secret Santa at work.
Tom is organising a Kris Kringle at work.
Did you find out who your secret Santa was?
Tom can read the International Phonetic Alphabet.
Tom is eating in the conservatory.
Tom bought Mary bangles when he was in India.
Tom is wearing bangles on his wrists.
Inexperienced climbers often suffer with altitude sickness.
Surprise, surprise.
Surprise, surprise: it's Tom and his cohort.
Did that surprise you?
I just can't stand Tom.
What's Tom's computer literacy like?
You forgot the accent mark.
Tom wrote his Christmas list.
You're going to be okay; I'm a first-aider.
As a first-aider, Tom is morally obligated to perform CPR on someone who's had a heart attack.
I have PTSD.
I consulted a doctor.
For those who are used to living in hell, it is unbearable in paradise. For this reason, members of the Russian diaspora in the United States have voted for Donald Trump.
Politics is a dirty business.
What pity is it that we can die but once to serve our country.
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.
I remember giving Tom some money.
I'm close to where I want to be.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since October.
I'm excited about participating.
Tom has decided to propose to Mary.
I'm friends with all those guys.
Tom had no idea how tired Mary was.
I'm glad I was able to see this.
Tom forgot his umbrella in his car.
I'm glad it worked out that way.
I imagine Tom will be a finalist.
I'm glad you're all right again.
Tom doesn't like driving in Boston.
I'm hopeful that can happen now.
Tom doesn't know how to milk a cow.
I'm just getting back to basics.
Tom didn't want to speak with Mary.
I'm just glad no one was killed.
Tom didn't know anyone in the room.
I'm not afraid to be criticized.
I am peeking at someone.
I have no idea how Tom must feel.
I'm not certain, but I think so.
Tom closed the door of his bedroom.
I'm not disappointed whatsoever.
Tom can't swim as well as Mary can.
I'm not doing anything about it.
Tom can't do this as well as I can.
I'm not going to close the door.
Tom can give you advice about that.
I'm not going to hold my breath.
I want to be young again.
Without justice there will be no peace.
"I will die without you." "I'll go to your funeral."
They are talking.
It's in the yard.
He's in the yard.
She's in the yard.
The cause of death is unknown.
A big spider lives behind the chest of drawers.
I am Australian.
My brother studied in England.
I find it hard to understand Tom.
I'm not in any particular hurry.
Tom came home very late last night.
I'm not really worried about it.
Tom brought Mary flowers and candy.
I'm not sure I can believe that.
Tom begged Mary for another chance.
I'm not worried about it at all.
Tom became Mary's business partner.
I'm obviously very disappointed.
Is it Seán that's working?
There is a beautiful park in the center of the town.
His mother had three sons, and he was the youngest.
The child did not intent to break your arm.
Your arms are more important than that stick, so instead of using your arm, use the stick.
The human body consists, among other things, of two arms, one heart and two eyes.
My parents said they have already purchased most of their Christmas presents online.
It's almost Christmas.
Who wouldn't love to find one of these under the tree on Christmas morning?
Today's not Christmas.
Our store is open every day of the year except Christmas and New Year's.
I'll be back for Christmas.
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
Christmas isn't far off now.
Some of the students decorated the classroom with Christmas ornaments.
Are you celebrating Christmas?
Tom told Mary that she put up her Christmas decorations too early.
Christmas is just a week away.
We've spent every Christmas for the last thirty years together.
Where do you go for Christmas?
We predict that Christmas sales will be better than expected.
A merry Christmas to all of you.
What do you think is the best Christmas present for a woman?
Christmas shopping is stressful.
We aren't going to have an office Christmas party this year.
I'm looking forward to Christmas.
Turn the Christmas tree lights off when you leave the house.
Tom gave me a book for Christmas.
We'll have known each other for three years next Christmas.
What are you doing for Christmas?
We plan to spend Christmas with my wife's family this year.
Christmas is just three days away.
Tom found Christmas presents hidden under his parents' bed.
Christmas is only three weeks off.
Tom and Mary gave each other presents on Christmas morning.
I hope you have a merry Christmas.
The soldiers thought that they might be home for Christmas.
Tom gave me this CD for Christmas.
We're spending Christmas Eve at my wife's parents' house.
What'll you get Tom for Christmas?
Tom spent all of his Christmases at home with his family.
Christmas fell on Monday that year.
When do you expect to have your Christmas shopping done?
Christmas is just three weeks away.
I couldn't have wished for a better gift this Christmas.
Christmas isn't like it used to be.
Have you seen the Christmas lights the neighbors put up?
How will you be spending Christmas?
What's the best thing you've ever gotten for Christmas?
I hope we'll be home for Christmas.
What are the chances that we'll have a white Christmas?
I'll try to get home for Christmas.
Tom dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
We stayed in Boston over Christmas.
This is the best Christmas present I've ever received.
What did you buy Tom for Christmas?
All three of our daughters will be here for Christmas.
What do you all want for Christmas?
We had a very nice Christmas with Tom and his family.
Christmas falls on Monday this year.
It's time to get started with the Christmas shopping.
Everybody will be home on Christmas.
I'm going to Boston to visit my family for Christmas.
I'll give Tom a shirt for Christmas.
My wife and I did our Christmas shopping in October.
I'll spend Christmas with my family.
I can't imagine losing a loved one on Christmas Day.
I'm so happy that Christmas is here.
How much did you spend on Christmas gifts this year?
The zoo was closed on Christmas Day.
Why don't you tell Tom what you want for Christmas?
Tom spent Christmas with his family.
We spent too much for Christmas presents this year.
What should I buy Tom for Christmas?
I received a $gift card from Tom for Christmas.
What should I get Tom for Christmas?
Why don't you tell me what you want for Christmas?
All I want for Christmas is a guitar.
What gift would you like to receive for Christmas?
I need to do some Christmas shopping.
We plan to have an old-fashioned Christmas dinner.
Tom gave me a nice Christmas present.
Tom hoped Mary would come back home for Christmas.
Do you get your boss a Christmas gift?
Tom helped his mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Have you done your Christmas shopping?
This is one of the best Christmases I've ever had.
How long do you get off for Christmas?
There were many presents under the Christmas tree.
I need to buy some Christmas presents.
I stopped sending Christmas cards three years ago.
This was a Christmas present from Tom.
I hope you and your family have a merry Christmas.
Tom wants a model train for Christmas.
Christmas has always been a wonderful time for me.
Christmas is a busy time for retailers.
We still haven't taken down our Christmas lights.
Christmas is just three weeks from now.
Tom was born three days before Christmas of 2013.
Have you sent Tom a Christmas card yet?
Tom has been in the hospital since Christmas Eve.
I hope you have a very merry Christmas.
I'm not sure what my children want for Christmas.
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Have you forgotten the true meaning of Christmas?
What have you bought Tom for Christmas?
We've put the Christmas presents under the tree.
Christmas is a magical time of the year.
We're going to my folks' for Christmas this year.
Did you buy Tom something for Christmas?
Tom won't be spending Christmas with his family.
How many days are there until Christmas?
Mary is in the kitchen making Christmas cookies.
I almost didn't come home for Christmas.
How many Christmas carols can you sing by heart?
Our family opens gifts on Christmas Eve.
You'll never believe what we got for Christmas.
Tom got more Christmas presents than me.
Tom came back home just in time for Christmas.
Tom says he wants a puppy for Christmas.
We'll be taking down our Christmas tree soon.
Tom spent Christmas in Boston with Mary.
We were never allowed to celebrate Christmas.
Who do you plan to spend Christmas with?
This is the best Christmas I've had in years.
Do you know what Tom wants for Christmas?
Many non-Christians celebrate Christmas, too.
I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
I heard some people singing Christmas carols.
I've written a couple of Christmas songs.
How do you decorate your house for Christmas?
It's like Christmas all year around here.
This is a list of what I want for Christmas.
There are three days left till Christmas.
Have you put up your Christmas tree already?
Tom bought Mary a nice Christmas present.
Fir trees are often used as Christmas trees.
Tom turns three days before Christmas.
You can't send Christmas cards to everyone.
Are you sending Christmas cards this year?
What are you going to get me for Christmas?
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year.
We want everybody to have a good Christmas.
Christmas is our busiest time of the year.
Tom got everything he wanted for Christmas.
Have you finished your Christmas shopping?
This is our first Christmas here in Boston.
I don't know what I'll do after Christmas.
I'm not going to send Tom a Christmas card.
I just want to wish you a merry Christmas.
How's your Christmas shopping coming along?
Let's send Tom a Christmas card this year.
Children usually get up early on Christmas.
Many people go to church on Christmas Eve.
We met last Christmas at the office party.
The children received shoes for Christmas.
Tom got more Christmas presents than Mary.
Tom and Mary got married on Christmas Eve.
She will turn tomorrow.
I want to see the horses.
Today I'm tired.
I can't drink more beer.
We're best able to study in the fall.
Your old grandma dances well.
Babies have big heads.
It was so nice to meet you.
It's so nice to meet you.
Humans have big brains.
This is the opportunity of a lifetime.
Dude, why so cocky?
I don't like arrogant people.
I can't deal with his arrogance.
Don't speak with such an arrogant tone.
Children seek approval from their parents.
Teenagers long for the approval of their peers.
He's always trying to impose his will.
Tom is always trying to impose his will on others.
I don't think Tom will come back.
I'm quite happy to be in Boston.
Tom barricaded himself in his room.
I'm rather surprised to hear it.
Tom asked me if I liked basketball.
I'm ready for my next challenge.
Tom and Mary were horrible parents.
I'm ready to face any challenge.
Tom and Mary were completely alone.
I'm ready to get this over with.
This plant is particular to the island of Madeira.
Don't call him on the telephone now.
Tom was awarded the Medal of Honor.
Tom was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor.
The President posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor to two World War I soldiers.
The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest military honor.
The Congressional Medal of Honor is the highest award that any soldier can aspire to.
This soldier was awarded the Purple Heart.
Out in the forest stood a pretty little Fir Tree.
The little Fir Tree wished ardently to become greater.
"Oh, if I were only as great a tree as the others!" sighed the little Fir.
When it was winter, and the snow lay all around, white and sparkling, a hare would often come jumping along, and spring right over the little Fir Tree. Oh! this made him so angry.
In the autumn woodcutters always came and felled a few of the largest trees; that was done this year too, and the little Fir Tree, that was now quite well grown, shuddered with fear, for the great stately trees fell to the ground with a crash, and their branches were cut off.
All around the walls hung pictures, and by the great stove stood large Chinese vases with lions on the covers; there were rocking-chairs, silken sofas, great tables covered with picture-books, and toys worth a hundred times a hundred dollars, at least the children said so.
Oh, how the Tree trembled!
The servants, and the young ladies also, decked out the tree. On one branch they hung little nets, cut out of colored paper; every net was filled with sweetmeats; golden apples and walnuts hung down as if they grow there, and more than a hundred little candles, red, white, and blue, were fastened to the different boughs.
High on the summit of the Tree was fixed a tinsel star. It was splendid, particularly splendid.
"Heaven preserve us!" cried the young ladies; and they hastily put the fire out.
The little ones stood quite silent, but only for a minute; then they shouted till the room rang: they danced gleefully round the Tree, and one present after another was plucked from it.
"A story! a story!" shouted the children.
And the servant came and chopped the Tree into little pieces.
At each explosion, which was a deep sigh, the Tree thought of a summer day in the woods, or of a winter night there, when the stars beamed; he thought of Christmas-eve and of Klumpey-Dumpey, the only story he had ever heard or knew how to tell; and then the Tree was burned.
The boys played in the garden, and the youngest had on his breast a golden star, which the Tree had worn on its happiest evening. Now that was past, and the Tree’s life was past, and the story is past too: past! past!—and that's the way with all stories.
Please tell me the truth: is there a Santa Claus?
In this great universe of ours man is a mere insect, an ant, in his intellect, as compared with the boundless world about him, as measured by the intelligence capable of grasping the whole of truth and knowledge.
Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. He exists as certainly as love and generosity and devotion exist, and you know that they abound and give to your life its highest beauty and joy.
Alas! how dreary would be the world if there were no Santa Claus!
Not believe in Santa Claus! You might as well not believe in fairies!
You might get your papa to hire men to watch in all the chimneys on Christmas Eve to catch Santa Claus, but even if they did not see Santa Claus coming down, what would that prove? Nobody sees Santa Claus, but that is no sign that there is no Santa Claus.
The most real things in the world are those that neither children nor men can see.
Did you ever see fairies dancing on the lawn? Of course not, but that's no proof that they are not there.
Nobody can conceive or imagine all the wonders there are unseen and unseeable in the world.
You may tear apart the baby's rattle and see what makes the noise inside, but there is a veil covering the unseen world which not the strongest man, nor even the united strength of all the strongest men that ever lived, could tear apart.
From the center of the ceiling of this kitchen, old Wardle had just suspended with his own hands a huge branch of mistletoe.
"This," said Mr. Pickwick, looking round him, "this is, indeed, comfort."
Up flew the bright sparks in myriads as the logs were stirred, and the deep red blaze sent forth a rich glow, that penetrated into the furthest corner of the room, and cast its cheerful tint on every face.
Was there ever a wider or more loving conspiracy than that which keeps the venerable figure of Santa Claus from slipping away, with all the other oldtime myths, into the forsaken wonderland of the past?
Of all the personages whose marvelous doings once filled the minds of men, he alone survives. He has outlived all the great gods, and all the impressive and poetic conceptions which once flitted between heaven and earth; these have gone, but Santa Claus remains by virtue of a common understanding that childhood shall not be despoiled of one of its most cherished beliefs.
Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!
After dinner, eaten, let it be confessed, with more haste and less accompaniment of talk than usual, the parlor doors were opened, and there stood the Christmas tree in a glow of light, its wonderful branches laden with all manner of strange fruits.
The fire has burned low, and a soft and solemn light fills the room. Neither of us speaks while the clock strikes twelve. I look out of the window. The heavens are ablaze with light, and somewhere amid those circling constellations I know that a new star has found its place, and is shining with such a ray as never before fell from heaven to earth.
All the house was asleep, and the fire burning low, when, from far up the chimney, came down a "Ho! ho!".
His friends called him Santa Claus; and those who were most intimate ventured to say, "Old Nick."
The baby stared, and thrust his fist into his mouth.
With his lace and embroideries, and his crown of blue ribbon and whalebone, he looked like the king of babies.
Mevrouw commenced playing softly upon the piano.
Grandmother lifted her spectacles.
The door slowly opened; and St. Nicholas, in full array, stood before them.
Everyone had gifts, from grandfather down to the baby.
On a bright December morning long ago, two thinly clad children were kneeling upon the bank of a frozen canal in Holland.
His mother was a poor peasant woman, too poor even to think of such a thing as buying skates for her little ones.
We dreamed of Santa Claus, or if we awoke in the night, we listened for the jingling of his sleigh-bells.
At the peep of day we were aroused by the voice of my good grandfather, who planted himself in the stairway and shouted in a stentorian tone, "I wish you all a Merry Christmas!".
I remember that I once received an autograph letter from Santa Claus, full of good counsels.
Happy days of childish credulity, when fact and fiction were swallowed alike without a misgiving!
When I became a parent, my beloved wife and I, determined to make the Christmastide one of the golden days of the twelve months.
In mid-winter, when all outside vegetation was bleak and bare, the Christmas-tree in our parlor bloomed in many-colored beauty and bounty.
When the tiny candles were all lighted the children and our domestics gathered round it.
This, then, is Christmas, 1862. Everything is silent in Dreamthorp. The smith's hammer reposes beside the anvil. The weaver's flying shuttle is at rest.
Through the clear wintry sunshine the bells this morning rang from the gray church tower amid the leafless elms, and up the walk the villagers trooped in their best dresses and their best faces — the latter a little reddened by the sharp wind: mere redness in the middle aged; in the maids, wonderful bloom to the eyes of their lovers — and took their places decently in the ancient pews.
I have no one with me at table, and my own thoughts must be my Christmas guests.
The face of Christmas glows all the brighter for the cold.
The heart warms as the frost increases.
There is more charity at this time than at any other.
By this time I should think every Christmas dinner at Dreamthorp or elsewhere has come to an end.
Soon, in the great theatre, the lights will be put out, and the empty stage will be left to ghosts.
I look out on the brilliant heaven, and see a milky way of powdery splendour wandering through it, and clusters and knots of stars and planets shining serenely in the blue frosty spaces; and the armed apparition of Orion, his spear pointing away into immeasurable space, gleaming overhead; and the familiar constellation of the Plough dipping down into the west; and I think when I go in again that there is one Christmas the less between me and my grave.
Hark! midnight from the church tower vibrates through the frosty air.
I don't think Tom needs to worry.
I'm ready to roll up my sleeves.
Tom and Mary were at home together.
I'm ready to throw in the towel.
Tom and Mary went sailing together.
I'm so sorry for what I've done.
Tom and Mary talked the whole time.
I'm so tired of keeping secrets.
Tom and Mary seemed happy together.
I'm sorry I can't tell you more.
Instead of giving each other Christmas presents this year, we donated the amount we would have spent on presents to a charity.
It's about time for our children to learn the real meaning of Christmas.
Tom was very unhappy about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
Tom went Christmas caroling with other members of his church choir.
Tom chose to spend Christmas with Mary rather than with his family.
This isn't the first time it's snowed in Boston on Christmas Day.
The Christmas party won't be the same this year without Tom.
What I want for Christmas is for my family to be here with me.
We sang Christmas songs in the car all the way to Tom's house.
I just wish I could figure out what to give Tom for Christmas.
I can get Christmas Day off, but I have work on Christmas Eve.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him decorate his Christmas tree.
After the Christmas party was over, we all went out caroling.
We're planning to have a Christmas party on Christmas Eve.
What makes you think I want to spend Christmas with Tom?
Tom and Mary bought their grandson a bike for Christmas.
Tom gave his three-year-old son a puppy for Christmas.
Tom gave his dog a piece of leftover Christmas turkey.
Tom bought an expensive Christmas present for himself.
I hate being alone at Christmas.
They seem very busy.
The wind roared and shouted around the house, and the snow fell steadily half the year, so that the summers never melted it away till winter came again.
And Santa Claus thought that was the greatest pleasure in life: for he loved to have enormous fires in the great fire-places, and the colder it was, the bigger fires he would have, and the louder the winds roared around his chimney.
There he sat and worked away all the year round, making dolls, and soldiers, and Noah’s arks, and witches, and every other sort of toy you can think of.
When Christmas Eve came he’d harness up his reindeers, Dasher, and Prancer, and Vixen, and the rest of them, and wrap himself up in furs, and light his big pipe, and cram his sled full of the doll-babies and Noah’s arks, and all the other toys he’d been making, and off he’d go with a great shout and tremendous ringing of sleigh-bells.
Before morning he'd be up and down every chimney in New Amsterdam, filling the stout grey yarn stockings with toys, and apples, and ginger-bread, laughing and chuckling so all the while, that the laughs and chuckles didn't get out of the air for a week afterwards.
She married him for his money, and couldn’t put up with his plain way of living.
What would Ma say if she knew you associated with such common people!
He tumbles down all the poor people's chimneys, and fills up the stockings to overflowing.
Away up in the fourth-story of his grand house, where his wife never goes, St. Nicholas has a little workshop, and there he sits whenever he gets a chance, making the most wonderful dolls, and gorgeous soldiers, and miraculous jumping-jacks, and tin horns.
Christmas is the birthday of one whose chief contribution to the human heart and mind was his message of boundless, universal love. He brought to the world the greatest thing in the world and that is why the season of his birth has won such an intimate place in our heart.
The pagan nations of antiquity always had a tendency to worship the sun, under different names, as the giver of light and life. And their festivals in its honor took place near the winter solstice, the shortest day in the year, when the sun in December begins its upward course, thrilling men with the first distant promise of spring.
This holiday was called Saturnalia among the Romans and was marked by great merriment and licence which extended even to the slaves.
There were feasting and gifts and the houses were hung with evergreens.
A more barbarous form of these rejoicings took place among the rude peoples of the north where great blocks of wood blazed in honor of Odin and Thor, and sacrifices of men and cattle were made to them. Mistletoe was cut then from the sacred oaks with a golden sickle by the Prince of the Druids.
The ancient Goths and Saxons called this festival Yule.
The ancient Teutons celebrated the season by decking a fir tree, for they thought of the sun, riding higher and higher in the heavens, as the spreading and blossoming of a great tree.
Thus our own Christmas fir was decked as a symbol of the celestial sun tree. The lights, according to Professor Schwartz, represent the flashes of lightning overhead, the golden apples, nuts and balls symbolize the sun, the moon and the stars, while the little animals hung in the branches betoken sacrifices made in gratitude to the sun god.
With the rise of Puritanism the very existence of Christmas was threatened.
Puritanism brought over with it in the Mayflower the anti-Christmas feeling to New England.
The king protested.
The General Court of Massachusetts followed the example of the English Parliament in when it enacted that ' anybody who is found observing, by abstinence from labor, feasting, or any other way, any such day as Christmas day, shall pay for every such offense five shillings.'
There are many superstitions connected with the coming of Christmas itself. The bees are said to sing, the cattle to kneel, in honor of the manger, and the sheep to go in procession in commemoration of the visit of the angel to the shepherds.
Howison in his "Sketches of Upper Canada" relates that on one moonlit Christmas Eve he saw an Indian creeping cautiously through the woods.
In the German Alps it is believed that the cattle have the gift of language on Christmas Eve. But it is a sin to attempt to play the eavesdropper upon them.
No other holiday has so rich an heritage of old customs and observances as Christmas.
The Yule Log has from time immemorial been haled to the open fire-place on Christmas Eve, and lighted with the embers of its predecessor to sanctify the roof-tree and protect it against those evil spirits over whom the season is in everyway a triumph.
Stockings are hung for Santa Claus to fill during the night.
Mistletoe is commonly used as a Christmas decoration.
According to an old Christmas custom, if a woman is caught standing under hanging mistletoe, a man may kiss her.
The mistletoe is still hung up in farm-houses and kitchens at Christmas, and the young men have the privilege of kissing the girls under it, plucking each time a berry from the bush. When the berries are all plucked the privilege ceases.
I don't think Tom is intimidated.
I'm sorry it happened like this.
Tom and Mary had a couple of beers.
I'm still waiting for an answer.
Tom and Mary got along really well.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
Tom and Mary first met a month ago.
I'm surprised at how tired I am.
Tom acted like a perfect gentleman.
I'm taking it one day at a time.
The whistling of the wind through the rigging sounded like funereal wailings.
The creaking of the masts; the straining and groaning of bulkheads, as the ship labored in the weltering sea, were frightful.
As I heard the waves rushing along the side of the ship, and roaring in my very ear, it seemed as if Death were raging around this floating prison, seeking for his prey.
None but those who have experienced it can form an idea of the delicious throng of sensations which rush into an American's bosom, when he first comes in sight of Europe.
I saw the mouldering ruin of an abbey overrun with ivy, and the taper spire of a village church rising from the brow of a neighboring hill.
I particularly noticed one young woman of humble dress, but interesting demeanor.
She seemed disappointed and sad.
Does your wife know all this?
After turning from the main road up a narrow lane, so thickly shaded with forest-trees as to give it a complete air of seclusion, we came in sight of the cottage.
A small wicket-gate opened upon a footpath that wound through some shrubbery to the door.
A bright beautiful face glanced out at the window, and vanished--a light footstep-was heard--and Mary came tripping forth to meet us.
She was in a pretty rural dress of white; a few wild flowers were twisted in her fine hair; a fresh bloom was on her cheek; her whole countenance beamed with smiles.
I had never seen her look so lovely.
I've set out a table under a beautiful tree behind the cottage.
I don't remember how Tom reacted.
I'm telling you the whole truth.
Tom's approval is important to me.
I'm trying not to waste my time.
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.
I'm trying to be practical here.
Tom knew that something was wrong.
I'm trying to do that right now.
Tom knew that Mary was doing that.
I'm very angry and disappointed.
You need to eat breakfast.
Does Tom know what you did?
I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
The construction of the dam will undoubtedly have the resulting effect of forcing thousands of families to relocate elsewhere.
Tom and Mary decorated the Christmas tree.
Everything I do turns into a disaster.
Tom sent Mary a Christmas card.
Tom and Mary tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues.
Have you ever tried to catch snowflakes on your tongue?
Tom stuck out his tongue to try and catch snowflakes.
The children tried to catch snowflakes on their tongues.
The buildings were draped with snow.
Why are you always so suspicious?
I don't understand Christmas.
"I don't understand Christmas," said Charlie Brown.
Christmas is here again. Aren't you happy?
Ha! I beat you.
The children are playing outside the house.
The children are playing in the snow.
The top of the mountain was covered in snow.
The mountain was covered in snow.
Tom and Mary made snow angels.
The children threw snowballs at each other.
The workers reconstructed the house brick by brick.
Tom lost his mittens.
Mary attached Tom's mittens to his coat.
The skilled craftsman restored the shattered vase piece by piece.
Tom and Mary went ice skating.
Tom glided across the ice effortlessly.
Mary is a figure skater.
We both looked ridiculous.
They both looked ridiculous.
I don't believe Tom is qualified.
I'm very glad this is happening.
Tom isn't someone you can rely on.
I'm very happy that it happened.
Tom is worried about his children.
I'm very hopeful for the future.
Tom is very sure that Mary did it.
I'm very serious about my music.
Tom is the best drummer in Boston.
I'm waiting to see if it's true.
The skaters glided across the ice.
Tom watched the skaters glide across the ice.
Young people were skating on the frozen pond.
Tom cut down the tree with his chainsaw.
Tom's feet sank in the snow.
Tom put on his snow boots.
Tom strung the tree with lights.
A snowflake landed on Tom's nose.
Tom tripped and fell flat on his face in the snow.
Tom was laid off of his job just before Christmas.
Tom watched the sled dog race.
Tom dropped snow down Mary's collar.
Tom shovelled the snow off the roof after the snowstorm.
The roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
I need to shovel snow off of the roof.
Can you play Jingle Bells?
The barn collapsed under the weight of the snow.
You're welcome to join me if you want.
Tom put a star on top of the Christmas tree.
A notice came in the mail.
Tom and Mary sat close to the fire.
I won't let all that commercialism ruin my Christmas.
Your house looks so cosy.
Tom put on his snow pants.
Tom's cat tried to catch the snowflakes.
The children all ran outside.
There wasn't much snow on the ground.
There's not much snow on the ground.
Christmas is a joyful time.
There isn't much snow on the ground.
I do think that Tom is dangerous.
I'm working on finishing my MBA.
Tom is good at everything he does.
I've always been a slow learner.
Tom is going on vacation tomorrow.
I've been doing this for months.
Tom is confident about his future.
I've been playing a lot of golf.
Tom is both a doctor and a writer.
I've been saying that for years.
Tom pushed Mary into the snow bank.
You'll get pneumonia.
I work all day.
We all thought he was crazy.
They all thought Tom was crazy.
It doesn't matter how smart you are.
It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is, it doesn't matter how smart you are. If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. If you don't work hard, you'll never succeed.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. You have to have the best information possible to make the best decisions possible.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
I'll make some pasta.
Nativity scenes commemorate the birth of Jesus.
The school put on a Nativity play.
Have you learned your lines?
Living nativity scenes are popular in Southern Italy.
Tom has never had to work hard in his entire life.
I do my own stunts.
This actor does his own stunts.
What happened at the office Christmas party?
You live in a fantasy world.
How can people be so blind?
I hate using adapters.
This is the way to do it.
Tom is a typical teenager.
Tom scraped the ice off his car windows.
Could I borrow your shovel?
Tom cleared out his driveway with his snow blower.
Do you have a snow shovel?
Tom is shoveling snow outside.
There's snow outside.
Tom helped his dad shovel the driveway.
The driveway needs to be shoveled.
Salt makes ice melt faster.
Tom is not good at hiding his emotions.
Tom cries easily.
Mary cries easily.
Mary is not good at masking her emotions.
Tom woke up with a migraine.
I woke up with a migraine.
I love the way you laugh.
I love the way she laughs.
Tom is a war hero.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.
My feelings for you haven't changed.
You're a weird one, but I like you.
Whose letter is in this envelope?
I'd caught him red-handed.
I will tell you right now,.
Let me tell you one thing.
The atmosphere there is not very good.
And time keeps passing on by.
Am I that predictable?
I can't support him through this.
Does Tom always behave like that?
I've been saying the same thing.
Tom is better than the rest of us.
I've come to ask you a question.
Tom is at most thirteen years old.
I've given you everything I had.
Tom is an old boyfriend of Mary's.
I've got my confidence back now.
Tom is afraid to make new friends.
I've got my family here with me.
I love the way Tom laughs.
I've tried to explain it to Tom.
I've just got to try my hardest.
Tom is a victim of identity theft.
I've known about this for years.
Tom is a retired police detective.
I've known that for a long time.
Tom is a lot shorter than Mary is.
I've only been here for a month.
Tom is a former student of Mary's.
I've seen a lot of changes here.
A bad tradesman blames his tools.
She danced in tune with my piano-playing.
Tom and Mary bought their granddaughter a bike for Christmas.
I'm surprised Tom was even here.
I've simplified it a little bit.
Tom is Mary's downstairs neighbor.
I've started screening my calls.
Tom is Mary's boyfriend's brother.
We can't predict what'll happen.
Tom introduced Mary to his mother.
We need to be really aggressive.
Tom introduced Mary to his family.
You should really get a haircut.
She is an actress.
The project was supposed to be done yesterday. If any of you ever miss a deadline again, heads will roll!
The banks rob people, and people rob the banks.
I'm sure Tom would be delighted.
I agree with everything you said.
Tom helped Mary find her daughter.
I almost believe I could do that.
Tom hasn't regained consciousness.
I appreciate everybody's support.
Tom hasn't eaten anything all day.
I believe everything is fine now.
Tom has three beautiful daughters.
I bet they really miss you there.
I'm not sure that Tom knows yet.
I can already see that happening.
Tom has still not heard from Mary.
I can't blame them for hating us.
Tom has no real reason to do that.
I can't explain it any other way.
Tom has never been to Mary's home.
I can't see where the problem is.
Tom has fallen behind in his work.
I can't stand it here any longer.
There are no words to describe it.
In one word: he's a coward.
In one word: she's a coward.
I like exotic foods.
The socks and slippers are new.
The school is three miles from my house.
I have many German friends.
When were you in London?
This sentence sounds good and is grammatically correct.
I've simplified it a bit.
A year's supply of the medicine costs $50,000.
Everybody will be home for Christmas.
An ice hockey puck is not spherical.
Scream as loud as you can.
Tom sings off key.
Tom's voice cracked on a high note.
Tom is not capable of multitasking.
Mary often sings in her car.
I wonder what Tom thought of it.
I can't think of a single reason.
Tom has decided to swim every day.
I could barely walk at that time.
Tom has been doing that for years.
I couldn't be happier about that.
Tom hardly said a word to anybody.
I couldn't be prouder of my kids.
Tom handed a baseball bat to Mary.
I couldn't look at it any longer.
It's clear Tom doesn't have an ounce of humanity.
It was as if the earth were to disappear from under his feet.
We have to measure your intraocular pressure. Please open both eyes wide and look fixedly at this object here.
I think I can't let this opportunity slip by.
It's already day. The long night is over.
It's been a year since I came here.
I met up with a couple of good old friends.
The good old friends will stand by your side.
I sent a letter to a good old acquaintance.
You shouldn't neglect good old friends.
This small wound will heal itself.
If there is something I can't stand on this world, it's a lie.
The strongest drive in human nature is the wish to be important.
Tom abhors horror films.
We are animals, and animals are humans.
Tourists are locusts on wheels.
What does a bike path have to do with partisan politics?
Miracles are ordinary.
Tom is not in the mood for talking.
They won't succeed.
Although I've already eaten, I'm still hungry.
You know, I'm very sensitive about this topic.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
Why are you so poor when you're so smart?
Why are you so poor if you're so smart?
Tomas believes the earth is flat.
He has ears.
Tom needs the ladder.
We need the ladder.
He needs the ladder.
I'm beside myself!
Tom can lie well.
I need the ladder.
I know the name.
I lost my composure.
Doesn't matter.
Don't care.
Happiness is like a little bird. At some time or another it flies away.
In the brain there are around one hundred billion nerve cells.
In the brain there are around one hundred billion neurons.
Hope is a good thing as long as it doesn't stop someone from doing what's necessary.
I'm just lost for words.
In love, small gestures count more than big words.
I think this word is no longer used.
I think this word is no longer in use.
That could work. Let's try it.
The CD isn't labelled. How's that possible?
The CD is unlabeled.
Here everything is forbidden that isn't expressly permitted.
Already many buildings are now being built earthquake resistant.
You can have a fulfilling life despite many unfulfilled dreams.
Faith lets you try the impossible. Doubt, however, deters you even from the possible.
Failure isn't the opposite of success for me. The opposite of success is not having tried.
A dog is happy that you're back. A cat is mad that you were gone.
Mount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa.
Mount Kilimanjaro is a dormant volcano located in Tanzania.
In the upcoming week I have to go to the doctor to have my sick leave extended.
Three climbers were killed in a rock fall.
On the topic of Denglish: "Who has nothing to say, says it in English".
You listen more to what this charlatan says than to what the doctor says.
You listen more to what this quack says than what the doctor says.
Tom climbed the Kilimanjaro.
Look into the future!
Tom doesn't read.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
A house without books is like a room without windows. No man has a right to bring up his children without surrounding them with books, if he has the means to buy them. It is a wrong to his family. He cheats them! Children learn to read by being in the presence of books. The love of knowledge comes with reading and grows upon it.
Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else.
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
I beat you fair and square.
Can I take a selfie with you?
I think Tom has started already.
I did a little bit of everything.
Tom had to continue working alone.
I didn't ask about anything else.
Tom had something to do with that.
I didn't deserve to go to prison.
Tom had no idea what had happened.
I didn't even know what happened.
Tom had no idea how busy Mary was.
I didn't even know what that was.
I hate holidays.
I hate to see people enjoying themselves.
I don't mean to say that I hate to see people enjoying themselves. But I hate holidays, nevertheless, because to me they are always the dreariest and saddest days of the year.
I hate to be in the dark when all the rest of the world is in light.
I hate holidays, because I ought to be merry and happy on holidays, and can't.
The shops look merry with their bright toys and their green branches.
The pantomime is crowded with merry hearts.
The circus and the show are brimful of fun and laughter.
I can't bear the chill of seeing everybody happy, and knowing myself so lonely and desolate.
It's miserable to be out, and yet I can't stay at home, for I get thinking of Christmases past.
I wished Mr. Bluff a "Merry Christmas," and hurried homeward through the cold and nipping air.
Everybody seemed on the best of terms with everybody else, and jokes and banter passed from one to another with the most good-natured freedom.
Everybody but me was in a little group of friends.
I was the only person in the whole theater that was alone.
The handsome dining-room at the club looked bright, but it was empty.
Who dines at this club on Christmas but lonely bachelors?
The white, snowy cloths, the rich window-hangings, the warm tints of the walls, the sparkle of the fire in the steel grate, gave the room an air of elegance and cheerfulness.
The table at which I dined was close to the window.
Snow began whirling through the street.
There was a storm, and snow began whirling through the street.
It was a pale, wild, haggard face, in a great cloud of black hair, pressed against the glass.
I finished the wine and set down the glass.
It was only a beggar-girl that had crept up to the window and stole a glance at the bright scene within.
The pale face troubled me a little.
I filled my glass once more with wine, and was again about to drink, when the face reappeared at the window.
The face was was so white, so thin, with eyes so large, wild, and hungry-looking, and the black, unkempt hair, into which the snow had drifted, formed so strange and weird a frame to the picture, that I was fairly startled.
The storm had increased, and the snow was driving in wild gusts through the streets.
I could not repress a keen thrill of sympathy for the child, whoever it was, whose only Christmas was to watch, in cold and storm, the rich banquet ungratefully enjoyed by the lonely bachelor.
I resumed my place at the table; but the dinner was finished, and the wine had no further relish.
I was haunted by the vision at the window.
I kept thinking, thinking of the pale, haggard, lonely little girl on the cold and desolate side of the window-pane.
I drank glass after glass of the wine—not that I enjoyed its flavor any more, but mechanically, as it were, and with a sort of hope thereby to drown unpleasant reminders.
I rose once in a while and went to the window, but could see no one to whom the pale face could have belonged.
Just as I was raising a glass of wine to my lips, I was startled by a picture at the window-pane. It was a pale, wild, haggard face, in a great cloud of black hair, pressed against the glass. As I looked, it vanished.
Isn't the Christmas festival just simply wonderful?
I always buy things I'd like to have myself.
The home shows the soul.
I’m doing over our house from top to bottom, putting personality into it.
The sincere home should be full of purpose and personality—decorations, rugs, ornaments, hangings and all, you know.
All our family heirlooms were destroyed in a fire.
There's a girl—one of my friends, she says she is—who is always trying to imitate me.
One must hide one's suffering from the world.
It must have been terribly difficult getting around in the days before automobiles were invented, or railroads or anything like that.
I think Tom did that by mistake.
I didn't expect to make the team.
Tom got tired of waiting, so he left.
I didn't have a real good answer.
Tom got in the car and drove away.
I didn't have enough money to go.
Tom got back home before midnight.
I didn't have very many visitors.
Tom gave Mary a ride back to town.
I didn't know I was going to win.
Mary wears a headscarf.
They prefer a window seat.
Tom steered the car with his knees.
I'd prefer a window seat.
Could we have a table near the window?
Red and blue lights started flashing in the rearview mirror.
Suddenly, red and blue lights start flashing behind us.
We're being pulled over.
Tom is driving without a license.
Tom lost control of the car.
Beer is my fuel.
Tom has been driving without a license.
Tom got tired of waiting for Mary, so he went into the museum without her.
I know this because Tom told us.
I didn't know my nose was broken.
Tom found Mary's door partly open.
I didn't know that was happening.
Tom fell asleep while watching TV.
I didn't know they could do that.
Tom explained the details to Mary.
I didn't know what to do exactly.
Tom drove right past Mary's house.
I didn't know what to make of it.
He promised to come after Christmas.
I like to translate your sentences.
I think your sister will like this book.
But she was not scared.
The new computer is ten times faster than the old.
I am too old for it.
On the table is a book.
I am dying of hunger.
Do you go by train or car?
What is this? This is a bus.
What is this? This is a stone.
What is this? This is a shop.
I don't look forward to going to work.
I don't look forward to going to school.
I look forward to eating Japanese food.
It is singular.
It is plural.
The bus takes you downtown.
"How did you come?" "By foot."
I needed to go home.
This is just a ten minute walk.
I saw the movie long ago.
My mother was a dancer.
I happen to have it right here.
I knew Tom was going to do that.
I didn't know what was happening.
Tom doesn't seem very happy today.
I didn't realize what that meant.
Tom doesn't always obey the rules.
I didn't talk to anyone about it.
Tom didn't want to see Mary again.
I didn't think about it too much.
Tom didn't want to move to Boston.
I didn't think that was possible.
I have no idea how Tom did that.
I didn't think too much about it.
Tom didn't want to drive too fast.
I didn't want to paint a picture.
Tom didn't take a bath for a week.
I don't care about anything else.
Tom didn't open the door for Mary.
I don't claim that we're perfect.
Tom didn't know why that happened.
I don't consider myself a victim.
Hypocrites are people who accuse others of doing something that they are guilty of doing themselves.
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.
I expect Tom will be a finalist.
I don't feel comfortable with it.
Tom didn't know why Mary was late.
I don't feel like I'm old at all.
Tom didn't know where his car was.
I don't have a guilty conscience.
Tom didn't know what had happened.
I don't have any comment on that.
Tom didn't know how to reach Mary.
I don't have any further details.
He is about to fall sleep.
Tom is about to fall asleep.
He is on this ship.
American films are popular around the world.
American movies are popular around the world.
Michael Jackson's album Thriller is the best-selling album of all time.
Japanese manga and anime are popular around the world.
Most anime characters have large eyes.
I don't believe a word Tom says.
I don't have any problems at all.
Tom didn't know how he could help.
I don't have that desire anymore.
Tom didn't intend to harm anybody.
I don't have to answer to anyone.
Tom didn't get what he wished for.
I don't know anything about guns.
Tom did some shopping at the mall.
I don't know as much as I should.
The really frightening thing about totalitarianism is not that it commits "atrocities" but that it attacks the concept of objective truth; it claims to control the past as well as the future.
My uncle is in his forties.
In our city, tourists are an important source of revenue.
I've discovered the victim's identity.
She didn't have anything else to buy, so she left the store.
The most solemn responsibility for any President is keeping the American people safe.
We are a nation that stands for the rule of law.
We’re a nation that believes freedom can never be taken for granted and that each of us has a responsibility to sustain it.
The universal right to speak your mind and to protest against authority, to live in a society that’s open and free, that can criticize a President without retribution -- a country where you're judged by the content of your character rather than what you look like, or how you worship, or what your last name is, or where your family came from -- that's what separates us from tyrants and terrorists.
It's a snowstorm.
Tom built an igloo in his backyard.
We're going to freeze to death.
Tom's snowmobile is broken.
The people here always assume that I'm Jewish when they find out that I don't celebrate Christmas. Then they find out that I don't celebrate Hanukkah either, and then they can't tell what I am.
The introduction of mandatory morning sports for teachers is a very sensible idea. Ultimately something must be done to reduce the loss of lessons due to illness.
I felt overwhelmed.
Tom took the train home for the holidays.
I don't have the foggiest idea.
Mary is more experienced than I am.
Tom's boss is very demanding.
I had fun dancing.
I saw the way he was looking at you.
Did you see the way he was looking at you?
We had fun dancing.
You don't love him, do you?
You don't love her, do you?
I saw the way she was looking at you.
Did you see the way she was looking at you?
This is just a symptom of a much bigger problem.
This is just a symptom of a bigger problem.
The object of waging a war is always to be in a better position in which to wage another war.
We do not know and will not know.
The two aims of the Party are to conquer the whole surface of the earth and to extinguish once and for all the possibility of independent thought.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
Take "good", for instance. If you have a word like "good", what need is there for a word like "bad"? "Ungood" will do just as well — better, because it's an exact opposite, which the other is not.
Don't you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought? In the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible, because there will be no words in which to express it. Every concept that can ever be needed, will be expressed by exactly one word, with its meaning rigidly defined and all its subsidiary meanings rubbed out and forgotten.
The old civilizations claimed that they were founded on love or justice. Ours is founded upon hatred. In our world there will be no emotions except fear, rage, triumph, and self-abasement. Everything else we shall destroy — everything.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face — forever.
No one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it.
The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power.
"How can I help seeing what is in front of my eyes? Two and two are four." "Sometimes, Winston. Sometimes they are five. Sometimes they are three. Sometimes they are all of them at once. You must try harder. It is not easy to become sane."
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits.
Did you see the way he looked at me?
Did you see the way she looked at me?
Did you see the way she looked at you?
Did you see the way he looked at you?
I like you just the way you are.
I could tell she was hurt.
I could tell he was hurt.
Squirrels only find a quarter of the nuts that they bury.
Gray squirrels bury nuts, but red squirrels don't.
How do squirrels remember where they buried their food?
I don't know exactly why that is.
Tom delivered the package to Mary.
I don't know how I feel about it.
Tom decided to break up with Mary.
I don't know if it helped or not.
Tom couldn't wait to be with Mary.
I don't know if it's good enough.
Tom couldn't stop talking to Mary.
I don't know if it's good or bad.
I could tell Tom was hurt.
Did you see the way Tom was looking at Mary?
Did you see the way Tom looked at me?
Did you see the way Tom was looking at you?
I saw the way Tom was looking at you.
You don't love Tom, do you?
You do love Tom, don't you?
I had fun doing that.
I can't blame Tom for hating me.
I don't know if that's it or not.
Tom couldn't stop blaming himself.
I don't know the reason for this.
Tom could've done it by himself.
I don't really care what happens.
Tom can probably be there by 2:30.
I don't remember that guy's name.
Tom bought me everything I wanted.
I don't see a problem doing that.
I believe Tom will be acquitted.
I don't think that's the problem.
Tom bought a pair of tennis shoes.
I expect you to be ready by 2:30.
Tom bought a pair of cowboy boots.
I feel like I'm a teenager again.
Tom bought Mary an expensive ring.
I feel like I'm doing a good job.
Tom asked Mary to read the letter.
I feel like I'm thirty years old.
I wonder when Tom will be home.
I feel we're going to get better.
Tom asked Mary to call the police.
I guess I'd better start packing.
Tom and Mary were clearly in love.
I have other things I need to do.
Tom and Mary were both alcoholics.
I have other things I want to do.
Tom and Mary had a nasty argument.
I have to agree with you on this.
Mary is pregnant with her second child.
Mary is pregnant with her first child.
I love westerns.
Tom and his friends played cowboys and Indians.
I played with Tom and Mary today.
Do you want to play cowboys and Indians?
Tom is an aspiring writer.
Mary is an aspiring writer.
I think Tom will be a finalist.
I know where you hide your diary.
Tom and Mary had a horrible fight.
I like my life the way it is now.
Tom and Mary got into an argument.
I lost ten kilos in three months.
Tom Jackson is my favorite writer.
I never really wanted to do that.
Tom knew what Mary wanted to eat.
I think that's kind of dishonest.
"I saw Tom today." "Who?!"
I paid ten dollars for the book.
The child hid behind a big tree.
This really is a dangerous situation.
I think this is very dangerous, and in general, a bad idea.
Put the rubber boots on, or else you will get your feet wet!
Tom was forced to continue on his own.
People severely criticized the Eiffel Tower during its construction.
No matter what, I need to finish the article today.
I'd love to go, but I can't.
The police established that Dan acted within the bounds of self-defense.
It's clear they thought I was somebody else.
Tom claims that he shot Mary in self-defense.
Whatever the party holds to be truth, is truth.
Tom said he shot Mary in self-defense.
Tom told the police that he shot Mary in self-defense.
I hope Tom remembered to shave.
I watch a lot of gangster movies.
Tom knew what Mary wanted to buy.
I wonder if that's even possible.
Tom knew that Mary was in Boston.
I'd prefer to not take that risk.
Tom knew he needed to leave town.
I'm excited to go back to Boston.
Tom kissed Mary goodbye and left.
I've decided never to vote again.
I'd prefer not to take that risk.
I really wish I could go with you, but I can't.
He'll freeze to death out here.
Tom will freeze to death out there.
In a conversation with my professor, it became clear to me that the legacy of this poet deserves greater regard.
I don't think Tom is a bad boy.
I've never had that happen to me.
Tom kicked Mary out of the house.
There's an alley behind my house.
Tom is too young to go to school.
We need to get you to a hospital.
Tom is on his way back to Boston.
You really need to get a haircut.
Tom is old enough to drive a car.
I didn't do what I was told to do.
Olivia couldn't give an ending to the story.
But we know his intentions are good.
But we know that he has good intentions.
Tom isn't good at hiding his emotions.
Tom has never had to work a day in his life.
Can I bum a fag?
Part of her treatment required that she undergo radiation therapy.
Her parents insisted that she spend the summer in prep school
The purpose of the meeting was to encourage employees to share any potentially innovating ideas.
The key factor of an open door policy is that employees should feel free to approach their boss about any issue that concerns them.
The most important part of an open-door policy is that employees feel welcome to approach their boss with any issue that concerns them.
The teacher likes to randomize the seating every month so that the students get to sit next to new people.
The number of crimes decreased after we established a neighborhood watch.
The students like to personalize their name tags by drawing pictures on them and using vibrant markers.
Only authorized individuals are allowed to enter the demilitarized zone.
Finding a job can be difficult without the help of an employment agency.
Before the wedding the bridesmaids are expected to plan a bachelorette party for the bride.
This time of year we experience a high fluctuation of insects in the house.
Whenever my Mom has a personal problem her favorite thing to do is write to the advice column in her favorite magazine.
The police are known to victimize anyone who isn't local to that town,
Since that medicine is a prescription drug you need to speak to a doctor before you can try it.
Before Alice can graduate this year she needs to finish student teaching.
Some insurance companies require that you select a primary care physician before you try to visit the doctor.
I need to finish writing this report by Monday.
I don't know what Tom is doing.
I didn't think I was going to win.
Tom is much shorter than Mary is.
I didn't think it mattered to you.
Tom is more than just a neighbor.
I don't think I have one of those.
Tom is having financial problems.
I don't think that should be done.
Tom is having difficulty walking.
I don't think that's the solution.
I'm sure Tom regrets that now.
I expected you thirty minutes ago.
Tom is going to school in Boston.
I had a great time here in Boston.
Tom is from a rich Boston family.
I had a great time swimming today.
Tom is either at home or at work.
I hardly got any sleep last night.
Tom is determined to lose weight.
I haven't thought about it at all.
They all thought that Tom was crazy.
Your room looks like a pigsty.
Your room is a pigsty.
Can you please do my hair?
I'll certainly come tomorrow.
Leaders serve society.
Music was my first love and it will be my last!
I like the colors on this painting, but it's far too small for me.
There are lots of clouds in the sky today.
What are your thoughts on the situation?
Why's your French pronunciation so good?
I'm convinced Tom can succeed.
I heard you say that this morning.
Tom is completely out of control.
I know I didn't do anything wrong.
Tom is chatting with his friends.
I left three questions unanswered.
Tom is apparently a truck driver.
I moved to Boston three weeks ago.
Tom is an extremely charming guy.
I never thought I'd be doing this.
Why is your French pronunciation so good?
You can turn on the heater if you're cold.
It got about that Tom has proposed to Mary.
Why don't we get about the beach so we can see the sunset?
She can't get about much. She is in her eighties.
I get about a lot with my job. Last years I visited eleven countries.
It didn't take long for the news to get about- everyone's talking about it.
She get about a bit; she's always with some new guy.
I will trust you with one secret.
We all thought Tom was crazy.
Does somebody want do my homework for me?
I don't have anything to do with that problem.
Everything is complete.
I have photographed my daughter.
Did you talk to your classmates yesterday?
Which one is she?
Which one is Tom?
I am not the one.
I am the one.
He is not the one; I am.
Is Tom the one?
I'll support Tom any way I can.
I really don't think we need this.
Tom is an excellent skateboarder.
I spent three months in Australia.
Tom is afraid to go out at night.
I think I could handle doing that.
Tom is a hard-working family man.
I think it was a misunderstanding.
Tom is Mary's next-door neighbor.
I won't be able to go to the prom.
A stroller has been left in front of the store.
My father bought me this bike on my birthday.
I think what Tom did was good.
I'll meet you there at about 2:30.
Tom hit Mary with a baseball bat.
I'm excited about going to Boston.
Tom hasn't received any messages.
I'm not sure if I'll go to Boston.
Tom hasn't eaten a thing all day.
I've never told a joke in my life.
Tom hasn't been to Australia yet.
Stop talking and get back to work.
I hope everything's going well with you.
In Spain, it's the Three Kings that bring the children their presents.
The toy seller was very friendly.
She picked up conjunctivitis at the swimming pool.
I have extremely light skin and not at all brown.
How could it only come so far?
Chastity extended the youth.
I will not ask- or else someone will respond.
Which class is your little sister in then?
The teacher can show an example on the blackboard to clarify the type of answer expected.
The difference between love and hate is that you can kill out of hate... and you can die for love.
You are young and healthy and you will surely live a long life.
I shiver in the cold of the unheated tram.
Every gadget is just imaginary before one makes it for the first time.
I got to know Tom in January this year.
Take a detour to reach the goal!
He had many good friends there.
Let me do something else.
This house is so much bigger than the other.
How is your new girlfriend?
The army were scathingly beaten.
My brother learned how hard working I am.
The mother called the children one after another by their name but none of them answered.
I understand you when you don't speak very quickly.
Language is the world in which the people live.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
The clan ended in seventh grade.
The heart says yes but the mind says no.
Don't forget to ask the seller if the jumper can be put in with the washing.
How much does a kilogram of apples cost?
I think that Tom is dangerous.
I can't give you the exact numbers.
Tom has to do that before Monday.
I didn't see anyone catch any fish.
Tom has three gorgeous daughters.
I don't see why we need to do this.
Tom has gotten his clothes dirty.
I don't think everyone is here yet.
Tom has changed his name to John.
I haven't been doing that recently.
Can one be honest without appearing arrogant?
Are you intending to go already?
You need to get your hair cut.
Without our mistakes we are nothing.
The ground quaked violently.
The lorry tipped over.
Tom lowered the flame.
You can think of the rest yourself.
Sleep!
How important?
Discover the world!
Never stop dreaming!
How would you describe what the man in the video is doing?
They decorated the tree with stars and ornaments.
Have you eaten anything at all today?
What is your intuition telling you?
Who told you such nonsense?
Tom often comes here.
There's a television in the corner of the room.
I live in a city, but my parents lived in a village.
She would have liked to have been born twenty years earlier.
No one wanted to listen to me.
A lot has changed in the past fifty years.
The last name Santos is very popular in Portuguese.
Tom always walks to school when it isn't raining.
Stop jumping on the bed.
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten years old.
The bin is empty.
What kind of fruit is green?
Silk is soft and smooth.
Playing on the piano is his favorite thing to do.
The accident happened right before my eyes.
The Chinese have found that the better their children know English, the less they use idiomatic expressions in Chinese.
Can you survive on your salary?
The school is on a hill.
Go and don't be afraid. We'll protect you.
What are your assumptions based on?
As you know, I met your daughter a long time ago, and we want to tell you that we've decided to get married.
We'll see each other on Sunday.
Reading this philosophy book is making me depressed.
The dog follows me everywhere.
May I eat another piece of cake?
A genius is a person with extraordinary creative abilities.
Tom thinks he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
My salary doesn't suit me. I am going to look for a different job.
Over one hundred people came here.
Everyone out!
I'm going to sit here until Tom comes.
Say it in German.
The white rabbit was invisible in the snow.
The country isn't rich in natural resources.
My son started speaking when he was two.
In accordance with Japan's constitution, the emperor is a symbol of the Japanese state and the unity of the Japanese people.
Singapore is a city-state.
This job doesn't require special training.
I think Tom can do a fine job.
I haven't done very much this year.
Tom has bruises on his right arm.
I haven't seen that in a long time.
Tom has bought a house in Boston.
I hear you were in Boston recently.
Tom has been single all his life.
I just saw you guys three days ago.
Tom has a serious health problem.
I was only three years old in 2013.
I heard your idea on how to solve the problem, but I would have to ask you to exemplify what you mean.
The police officer said he believes the suspect has a direct connection to the crime.
I should've tried to help Tom.
I'd like to know why you were late.
Tom has a little girl named Mary.
I'd like to watch this movie again.
Tom has a big closet in his room.
I'm looking forward to next summer.
Tom handed his cellphone to Mary.
I've been an athlete my whole life.
Tom got in his car and went home.
I've been in business thirty years.
I am years old and what is this?
I love playing music with Tom.
I've been married for thirty years.
We don't know who invited everyone.
Tom gave Mary a little more time.
I can't believe it's summer already.
Tom found tire tracks in the mud.
I definitely did a lot better today.
Tom finished that job last month.
I don't want anything bad to happen.
I don't think Tom will change.
I have a lot of things I need to do.
Tom finally got a text from Mary.
I haven't been to Boston in a while.
Tom finally discovered the truth.
I haven't seen my family since 2013.
Tom enjoys hanging out with Mary.
I know that somebody had to do that.
Tom drove Mary back to her house.
I think that would be a big mistake.
I'd love to do that with you, but I can't.
I'd love to do that, but I'm too busy right now.
I wish I could do that, but I can't.
I don't remember what Tom did.
I think you'll like this one better.
Tom drank some poison by mistake.
I was only in Boston for three days.
Tom doesn't regret that decision.
I would choose the exact same thing.
Tom doesn't live with his family.
I would've liked to have been there.
Tom doesn't like traveling alone.
I would've preferred not to be here.
What are you doing here in Boston?
This is our first date.
This is our first date, and probably our last.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.
You are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts.
You're entitled to your own opinion, but you're not entitled to your own facts.
Tom enjoyed being a celebrity.
Mary enjoys being a celebrity.
Tom dropped out of school to support his family.
Tom was often beaten by his alcoholic father.
Tom's alcoholic father often beat him up.
Tom hates sitting in traffic.
Adolescence is a period of transition between childhood and adulthood.
The company scrambled to stay afloat.
Tom is an adjunct professor.
He woke Tom up.
It seems like it'll take forever and three days.
The murderer dumped the body in the lake.
A bird shat on my aunt's car.
The seagulls in Helsinki steal ice cream out of people's hands.
They are right.
My brother helps me with my homework sometimes.
I washed the dishes after I'd eaten dinner.
Around two-thirds of our body is made up of water.
Solar power is environmentally friendly.
A puppet doesn't know that it is being manipulated.
After the bird had sung, it flew away.
Some things you shouldn't even say jokingly.
None shall survive.
Lisa pretended not to hear.
I have everything I wanted.
I asked many people for help, but so far I haven't had any luck.
I've never met anyone who taught themselves to play basketball just by reading a book; the same with foreign language.
If that happens again, call me.
Don't be mad!
Old in body but young at heart.
Originally, the word "löyly" meant soul.
I drank too much again.
Tomi became rich and suddenly got a lot of friends.
Where in Helsinki do you live?
Viking helmets with horns aren't in style in Scandinavia anymore.
He who doesn't work has nothing to eat.
It's easy to find friends; it's harder to keep them.
How often does the train go to Stockholm?
Finnish is a pretty conservative language.
I've actually never seen it.
Everyone recognizes the problem, but no one talks about it.
Tom thinks that Danish is the most beautiful language in the world.
I didn't know that Tom smoked.
I'll be thirty in a couple of weeks.
Tom didn't want to miss anything.
I'll be thirty years old in October.
Tom didn't want anyone panicking.
I'm definitely not going back there.
Tom didn't want Mary to get hurt.
I'm not going to say it wasn't easy.
Tom didn't recognize his ex-wife.
I've been coaching for thirty years.
The colloquial sentences added to Tatoeba seem to be of great help to immigrants who are trying to understand why language lessons teach an entirely different language than the one that people actually speak.
When I was younger I thought that ice cream vendors could eat as much ice cream as they wanted for free.
Politics divides people, but culture unifies them.
Mary swears like a sailor.
His dad is a senator in the USA.
Set the cake out on the table.
Can you print out this document for me?
I translated what Tom wrote.
You should get to bed early tonight.
Tom didn't need any sort of help.
I didn't even know what had happened.
Tom didn't know who the girl was.
I don't know what song I should sing.
Tom didn't know that at the time.
I have to convince people to do that.
Tom didn't have a scratch on him.
I lived in Australia for three years.
He died in the bed.
She died in the bed.
She died in her bed.
I am Ji Sung Park.
plus is 8.
The sum of and is 7.
take away is 8.
times is 100.
times is 16.
times is 90.
times is 26.
It is o'clock.
Kate drinks lots of milk every day.
We live on the 7th floor.
I live on the 6th floor.
I like to surf the internet.
I work on the computer all day.
Generosity is an important trait in today's selfish society.
When men of experience fail, we must employ green hands.
It's the end of the year.
What's different between a wedding arrangement site and a dating site?
Sadly, women do not seem to have much value in other counties; this often seems to be due to patriarchal and sexist laws being applied upon populations, therefore perpetuating the patriarchal ideal that women are not equivalent to men.
I am a feminist because I believe in equal rights for women and men.
Dude, you got to come see this.
Tom speaks in a strange way.
Tom speaks strangely.
Tom has a strange way of speaking.
Tom has a strange way of talking.
I thought that Tom was dead.
I might want to go with you tomorrow.
Tom didn't die in a car accident.
I think we ought to hire more people.
Tom came along at the right time.
I'll do what the boss tells me to do.
Tom called some friends for help.
I'm definitely not going back to Boston.
Tom called Mary when he got home.
I've been waiting for that to happen.
We believe that Pirates were the original Pastafarians and that they were peaceful explorers.
High Wycombe, often referred to as Wycombe, is a large town in Buckinghamshire, England.
I think Tom may be a genius.
We're going to have steak for dinner.
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.
I didn't know that until this morning.
Tom bought Mary something to eat.
I don't know what holiday it is today.
Tom bought Mary a little present.
I don't think I have one of those yet.
Tom ate breakfast all by himself.
I noticed that you were staring at me.
I don't care where Tom goes.
I really thought we were going to win.
Tom asked Mary to do him a favor.
I think our best days are ahead of us.
Tom asked Mary to come to Boston.
I think the movie will be interesting.
Tom and Mary were both exhausted.
I've been doing this for thirty years.
Tom and Mary shared many secrets.
I've written about 3,words so far.
They're both awful.
They are both awful.
They will drive to London.
I have been battling a stubborn cold for the last three weeks.
It was good talking to Tom.
There were too many inconsistencies in Tom's project.
Pterosaurs were not actually dinosaurs.
Tom was accused of breaking and entering.
You have your head in the sand.
Tom has a soft spot for Mary.
Don't ruffle my hair.
The guests arrived in dribs and drabs.
Put your thinking cap on!
Tom was bored to tears by the meeting.
I'll try not to bore you to tears with this speech.
That transcription is wrong.
Tom grabbed the dog by the scruff of the neck.
How are we meant to play badminton without a shuttlecock?
You've lost weight haven't you?
Hurry up, slowcoach!
There's a gap in my memory.
I need to put some gas in my car.
I'm going to pull over at the next gas station.
The gas tank is going to explode.
I've got some gasoline right here.
Tom's attempts to woo usually fail.
The doctor cauterised the wound.
The company offered me a generous package.
Rivulets of rainwater ran down the roof.
Tom is a mathematical genius.
It's genius!
Tom has gentle hands.
Tom constantly tries to be politically correct.
I'm genuinely concerned with Tom's health.
I get a busy signal when I try to call Tom.
My daddy and mommy are getting a divorce.
I would like to get a feel for your rapport with the customer.
I get a real kick out of football!
I haven't gotten a raise in two years!
Do you want to get ahead in English?
Tom finally got around to calling his grandmother. It turned out she was dead.
Get away from it all!
The murderer got away with his crime.
I just got back from Hawaii.
I'm sure you'll get back into the swing of things.
Please get comfortable.
I'll get even with him!
I'm trying to get fit.
Should we get going?
Let's get hitched!
I'm getting kind of hungry.
It looks like Tom has gotten into the tequila.
I am going into the movie business!
Get off me!
I get off work around ten.
Stop crying and get your act together​.
I'm not very good at speaking Italian but I don't want it to get out into the open.
Get me out of this place!
The share price is plummeting – get out while you can.
I still can't get over the fact that you got fired!
Have you gotten paid yet?
It is as sure as death.
I wrote more today than yesterday.
Does she hate me?
Everything is available.
Tom is a little bit mad, but we like him the way he is.
Dance in the rain!
Tom starts every sentence with "and".
It's a little difficult for me.
Do you think Tom hates me?
I didn't know where Tom was.
I don't think we need to do that today.
Tom and Mary seem happy together.
I don't worry about that kind of stuff.
Tom and Mary help each other out.
I dropped my key somewhere around here.
Tom and Mary had an ugly divorce.
I tried to prevent that from happening.
Tom and Mary eventually broke up.
I've been wondering about that all day.
The weather is changeable.
I know this part of the city well.
I've got to cut Tom's hair.
I don't know how we're going to do that.
Tom and Mary drank beer together.
I don't really know anything about cats.
Tom and Mary couldn't be happier.
I don't think everyone knows what to do.
Tom and Mary both have dark hair.
I got tired of looking at that painting.
Tom and Mary are still newlyweds.
I haven't ever seen one of these before.
In the end, she moved back to England.
Jesus Christ is my saviour.
Golf is a really expensive sport.
Ken gave up.
I work on Sundays.
That person is looking at our fruit.
Tom's eyes are green.
I want a bit of cake.
I really like the Sun.
I love the Sun.
This is everyone's victory.
He already went to bed.
He already went to sleep.
He immediately got angry.
He immediately snapped.
What's the chemical formula for hydrogen peroxide?
Tom's off on an exotic island somewhere, living the life of Riley.
Tom tried to use reverse psychology on Mary.
Less of the heroics please, mister.
Tom wasn't expecting anyone.
Tom surprised Mary by bringing her breakfast in bed.
Some high-end stores employ personal shoppers.
Tom is clearly insane.
She is clearly insane.
He is clearly insane.
Tom shared a news story on Facebook.
Tom shared a fake news story on Facebook.
I'd hate to disappoint Tom.
I know most of those people pretty well.
Tom and Mary are extremely close.
I should've gone to yesterday's meeting.
Tom and Mary are devoted parents.
I sincerely hope that you don't do that.
Tom and Mary are both therapists.
I think I should've told you about that.
Tom almost always wins arguments.
I think you'd really better not do that.
I'm also an amateur.
She sat on a bench.
The only good fascist is a dead fascist.
The Electoral College's vote formalized the undemocratic installment of the forty-fifth President of the United States.
Classical liberalism deifies abstractions and objectifies humans.
Fascists are enabled by liberals' preference for abstractions over people.
Liberals would rather endlessly debate abstractions than spend five minutes listening to another person's lived experience.
I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do.
Tom advised Mary to take the job.
I would be more than willing to do that.
Tom admitted he forged the check.
I wouldn't be happy if I had to do that.
Tom was asleep when he was shot.
I'd like to get rid of all these things.
Tom says a lot of stupid things.
I'm not sure if I'll graduate this year.
No one knows where Tom is.
I'm now using a three-year old computer.
Tom knew what Mary needed to do.
I've given up trying to please everyone.
Tom knew he was in deep trouble.
I can't remember where I put my passport.
Tom knew exactly where Mary was.
I don't really want to go swimming today.
I'd hate to see Tom leave.
I knew something bad was about to happen.
Tom kept many secrets from Mary.
I knew there would be nothing to do here.
Tom isn't your boyfriend, is he?
I know that wasn't the right thing to do.
Tom is worried about his health.
I live in a house that was built in 2013.
Tom is well respected in Boston.
I spent the whole day thinking about you.
I think Tom knows already.
I think we have a good chance of winning.
Tom is smarter than most of you.
I would never buy a house on Park Street.
Tom is scared to tell the truth.
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.
Tom is interested in basketball.
I'll most likely be going back to Boston.
Tom is almost as old as Mary is.
That's the last time I'm taking you home.
I know Tom appreciates it.
We searched everywhere but found nothing.
Tom is a very protective father.
You don't look anything like your mother.
Tom is a lot stronger than Mary.
I always wear a seatbelt when I'm driving.
Tom is a local TV news reporter.
I don't know as much about this as you do.
Tom is a good-looking young man.
I don't think there's anything in the box.
I hope Tom shows up today.
I had a lot of fun in Boston last weekend.
Tom is a freelance photographer.
I never thought we'd actually do this.
Tom immediately recognized Mary.
I really thought we were going to do that.
Tom heard a helicopter overhead.
I thought I heard someone playing a banjo.
I couldn't do that to Tom.
I'd like to hear you talk more about that.
Tom heard Mary calling his name.
I'm in prison for a crime I didn't commit.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since 2013.
I can't wait to see your Halloween costume.
I think Tom will help us.
I don't really want to paint my house blue.
Tom hasn't done anything so far.
I don't think that's very likely to happen.
Tom has stopped talking to Mary.
I have a daughter the same age as your son.
Tom is Mary's real estate agent.
I think perhaps you should call the police.
His first answer was laudable.
If someone victimizes LGBT people, their own LGBT status does not justify their actions.
Beware of anyone who claims objectivity.
The myth of objectivity has played a central role in colonialism, allowing the experience of the colonized to be easily discounted while the objectivity of the colonizer's justice system is never questioned.
Fascism is a social pathology to be eradicated at all costs.
Right-wing ideologues are quick to point out the pathology of gender dysphoria but slow to acknowledge its standard treatment, gender transition.
I know nothing about Tom.
I thought I heard someone in the next room.
Tom has begun to look for a job.
People do sometimes make the wrong choices.
Tom has been traveling all year.
We don't even know who's going to be there.
I consider Tom my friend.
I didn't want to tell you that on the phone.
Tom has been appointed chairman.
I go back home to Boston every three months.
Losers are always in the wrong.
Losers are always wrong.
Tom is on the blue team and Mary is on the red team.
This TV was made in China.
The art of losing isn't hard to master.
This is a very complex problem.
Tom is listening to a mashup.
The candles on the Christmas tree are burning.
Let's put up the Christmas tree there.
Can you write that in hiragana please?
Technically hiragana is a syllabary, not an alphabet.
He is honest.
Tom explained the situation superbly.
I could tell you about beekeeping for hours, but I don't want to bore you.
I love you anyway!
It's a square, not a cube.
Tom eats an incredible amount.
The trains goes to Riga Station.
Your Dutch is pretty good, probably better than mine.
I don't see a single way out!
I don't speak Russian.
You have decided to quit smoking.
The pastor is nourished by the church.
Tom has been accused of bribery.
I have no problem understanding your French.
Is Tom always like this?
I hope I didn't make you feel uncomfortable.
Tom insisted on going alone.
I think a lot of people would agree with me.
Tom is sleeping, isn't he?
I think we're going to stay for another day.
I thought Tom was wrong.
It's been a while since I've studied French.
No one wants to feel stupid.
No one wants to feel different or left out.
No one wants to feel left out.
The Soviet Union was dissolved on December 26, 1991.
The Soviet Union collapsed years ago.
Tom and Mary have something surprising in common.
Tom didn't eat anything.
I came to give you back the books I borrowed.
I feel so sorry for Tom.
I hardly ever see this kind of thing anymore.
Tom knew that Mary was innocent.
I know for certain that that's what happened.
Tom has a scar on his arm.
I missed the end of the movie because of you.
Tom was last on the list.
I wanted to help, but I couldn't do anything.
If the camel once gets his nose in the tent, his body will soon follow.
Temperatures have reached -60C in Siberia.
Temperatures at the North Pole have hit a record high.
I don't miss Tom a bit.
I'm going to the toy store with the children.
Tom hasn't said a thing all day.
I'm having fun watching the children playing.
Tom hasn't promised us anything.
I can't figure out what's causing the problem.
I expect Tom will win.
I don't really want anything to eat right now.
Tom has started making mistakes.
I'm thinking of buying a house on Park Street.
He goes overseas every year.
I ate potato chips.
That's yen.
My uncle lives in Tashkent.
Tom wants you to do it.
Mary wants you to do it.
This is my favorite pair of shoes.
Tom has decided to study abroad.
I've met the most wonderful girl in the world.
I knew Tom would ask.
I need you here in case something else happens.
Tom has been seeing a therapist.
I don't think I'll ever go back to Boston again.
Tom has been invited to a party.
I dropped out of high school when I was sixteen.
I kissed Tom once.
I'd like to know why you weren't here yesterday.
Tom wants you to take out the garbage.
I burned myself with the iron.
There isn't even a single Spanish speaker here.
If you spend less than the ammount of money written on the coupon, we will return your points
The iron exploded.
I forgot to turn off the iron!
Some things are in our control and others not.
The real problem of humanity is the following: we have paleolithic emotions; medieval institutions; and god-like technology.
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom.
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.
No one wished it so, but we are the first species to become a geophysical force, altering Earth's climate, a role previously reserved for tectonics, sun flares, and glacial cycles.
Old beliefs die hard even when demonstrably false.
The most peaceable tribes of today were often ravagers of yesteryear and will probably again produce soldiers and murderers in the future.
Most kinds of aggressive behavior among members of the same species are responsive to crowding in the environment.
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childish days; that can recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth; that can transport the sailor and the traveller, thousands of miles away, back to his own fire-side and his quiet home!
I do come home at Christmas. We all do, or we all should. We all come home, or ought to come home, for a short holiday — the longer, the better — from the great boarding-school, where we are forever working at our arithmetical slates, to take, and give a rest.
Once upon a time — of all the good days in the year, on Christmas Eve — old Scrooge sat busy in his counting-house.
If I could work my will," said Scrooge indignantly, "every idiot who goes about with 'Merry Christmas' upon his lips should be boiled with his own pudding, and buried with a stake of holly through his heart. He should!"
I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round — apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that — as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time: the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
Then Bob proposed: "A Merry Christmas to us all, my dears. God bless us!" Which all his family re-echoed. "God bless us every one!" said Tiny Tim, the last of all.
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world!
What the hell are you talking about?
What the hell are you going on about?
Did you get a Christmas present from Tom this year?
Did you get a Christmas present for Tom this year?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever gotten?
What's the best Christmas present you've ever received?
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.
What does your family do on Christmas Day?
As a punishment, you will receive fifty lashes.
How long do Christmas trees last?
What do you eat on Christmas Day?
What will you do on Christmas Day?
How long is your Christmas vacation?
I don't want anything for Christmas.
Do you enjoy singing Christmas songs?
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
What do you usually do for Christmas?
What's your favorite Christmas carol?
How many Christmas cards did you send?
Why do some people not like Christmas?
When do you put up your Christmas tree?
What do you usually do on Christmas Day?
How did you celebrate Christmas last year?
What did you do last year on Christmas Day?
Where are you going for Christmas vacation?
Will you have a Christmas party at your home?
What does your family eat for Christmas dinner?
Have you already finished your Christmas shopping?
What do you want Santa to bring you for Christmas?
Who will you give Christmas presents to this year?
How many Christmas cards did you receive last year?
How many Christmas presents did you give this year?
Who do you expect to receive Christmas presents from?
Did you believe in Santa Claus when you were a child?
Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?
What was the best present you received last Christmas?
Tom says that he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
How many people did you buy Christmas presents for this year?
I'm getting tired of hearing Christmas music everywhere I go.
How many Christmas cards did you get last year?
What was the best present you got last Christmas?
Who do you expect to get Christmas presents from?
Did you receive a Christmas present from Tom this year?
She sells food.
I knew Tom would ask that.
I put the horse back in the stable yesterday.
When economic growth stagnates or even declines, debts cannot be reduced.
The table was served with baked potatoes and seasoned chicken fillet.
Her favourite dish is strawberry cheesecake.
At one point, I wanted to do it myself, but then decided not to.
Guests had strawberry cheesecake for dessert.
I had bean soup and cutlet for dinner.
I ate rice porridge in the morning.
I leave computer on, even when I'm out.
That song catapulted him into fame.
ׂShe managed to escape under cover of darkness.
How do you understand "cultural relativism"?
What does "cultural relativism" mean to you?
If I am proven correct with regard to my theory of relativity, the Germans will say I am a German, and the French will say I am a citizen of the world. If my theory turns out to be wrong, the French will say I am a German, and the Germans that I am a Jew.
We'll be broke soon if we don't stop spending money on things we don't need.
Tom has already finished reading the book that Mary gave him yesterday.
It's easy to sing.
Is Tom singing?
We have some guys on our team who don't understand French at all.
Tom put his money in the box, and then put the box in the drawer.
Where do you sing?
How did Tom help?
We have probably about three hundred of those in our warehouse.
Tom wouldn't have sung if I hadn't volunteered to sing with him.
Don't make me sing.
Does Tom drink tea?
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing this today.
Tom died of heart failure on October twentieth at the age of 93.
How could you help?
Don't let Tom sing.
We used to sing together all the time when we were children.
Tom promised me that tonight he'd sing that new song he wrote.
How would you help?
We can protect Tom.
There can be no redemption without repentance.
Do not tarry in the forest; there is danger there.
There is no one in my immediate family who lives abroad, but there are many members of my extended family who do.
Storm in a teacup.
My dog sits next to me and watches television.
He is a big science fiction fan.
His long, untidy hair resembled a lion's mane.
Stay calm and sharpen your pitchforks.
Scram.
What is this? This is a table.
The words of the spell were written on papyrus.
What is this? This is a chair.
What is this? This is a church.
What is this? This is a man.
What is this? This is a rose.
I still have one friend in China.
My brother is a doctor.
She had a small box in her hand.
I am so tired...
He is done reading the newspaper.
You are a good hearted child.
I love this word.
Tomorrow I will travel to Turkey.
He answered with a smile.
We moved to Boston so the kids would have a better life.
Tom didn't learn how to play the guitar until he was thirteen.
Were you satisfied?
Did Tom yell at you?
We don't always sing this many folk songs in one night.
Tom might not want to sing in front of such a large audience.
How can people help?
Did you yell at Tom?
We didn't have time to do everything we wanted to do.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Is there a youth hostel here?
I spread cheese on the slice of bread.
I want to speak to your daughter.
This is my airplane.
Don't watch television!
Do not wake him.
Thanks, that is all.
It wasn't a real kiss.
It wasn't my first kiss.
I shouldn't have kissed you.
Mary turned bright red.
Nobody sang with me.
I asked Tom to sing.
We closed the restaurant three hours early yesterday.
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
Please speak louder.
I knew Tom would go.
We're going to have to make some very tough choices.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't like singing.
That's just a guess.
I really admire Tom.
Have you finished reading the newspaper?
Tom has finished reading the newspaper.
I write this letter to my wife.
Can you help me find my keys?
He is under the chair.
She is under the chair.
This sentence is untranslatable.
Don't come too late to work.
Does he have a normal pulse?
This laptop is very thin.
Have you washed your hands?
It is very interesting to go to a museum.
This is the picture he painted.
Bob often tries to quit smoking.
You have wonderful eyes.
John has a Japanese car.
She grew up in Japan and China.
She wants to try Japanese food.
Can you pass me the olives?
Last year we went on a trip around the world.
We have enough money to buy one more bottle of wine.
Tom worked in the garden for several hours this afternoon.
Were you there, too?
Did Tom really dance?
We need to think about what needs to be done next.
Tom practices the piano at least thirty minutes every day.
You can't sing here.
I bet Tom could help.
We already have three events booked for next week.
Tom is the only one in our family who can't speak French.
I really enjoy playing putt-putt.
I really enjoy playing miniature golf.
You could've called.
I knew Tom would win.
We have a lot more power than you might think.
Tom had no choice but to do what the boss told him to do.
Dinner was excellent.
I lent Tom my camera.
We don't have time to look for that right now.
Tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music.
Don't ask me to help.
That isn't Tom's car.
I wanted to know what she was saying.
I moved out of my parent's house to live on my own.
Hello parent!
Go to the top!
You're too crazy!
You! Speak!
You are not powerful.
I'm going where?
You don't feel.
Do you think often about the future?
Mary, come down. It is harmful to get angry.
Where is your son now?
Where is your daughter now?
I am sorry. Where was I?
I'm feeling gloomy today.
Just your friends steal your books.
It smells strange here.
The ghost went through the wall.
We're not going to make a decision overnight.
Tom and Mary often played tennis together after school.
Don't bring your dog.
Who's protecting Tom?
We're keeping all options open at this point.
Tom told everybody at school about what had happened.
Everybody needs help.
Did Tom say he helped?
We're in the process of doing that right now.
Tom suggested that we try doing this a different way.
They'll kill me!
"What's the time?" "It is twenty minutes past three."
"What time is it?" "It's 2:30."
"What's the time?" "It's 2:30."
Everyone can hear it.
Does Tom have to help?
We're going to take a short commercial break.
Tom and Mary often play tennis together after school.
Here's a better idea.
Good luck to you, Tom.
We're going to have to deal with it tomorrow.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play this song.
It was really pretty.
I doubt Tom will sing.
A beer for me, please!
Do you know where Mrs. Hudson lives?
We're facing a much bigger problem than that.
Tom was the first one to realize what was happening.
None of us are happy.
I lent Tom my bicycle.
We're confident we'll be able to handle this.
Tom spends about an hour a day practicing the piano.
Nothing is final yet.
I'm sure Tom can swim.
We'll have to find some other way to do this.
Tom is the only one in our family who speaks French.
He was quiet.
The newcomer stuttered when he was nervous.
If you live in hell, then don't argue with the devil!
Ageing is a disease that you must die of.
If you want, I can correct your French from now on.
People who have similar personalities feel sympathy for one another.
Everyone had a good year.
I won't try to refute your theses.
This is the starting point.
That isn't difficult.
Tell Tom I won't sing.
We're well on our way to making that happen.
Tom said that you need to be here all day tomorrow.
That's another story.
We agreed to meet Tom.
We're not the only ones who have to do this.
Tom learned how to sing many songs from his father.
What was your intent?
Who did Tom sing with?
Come, let's chill!
I will go home and chill with my family.
There was a large stove that gave lovely warmth and coziness.
We're all thinking the same thing, I'm sure.
Tom is sure that Mary will be at the party tonight.
What's his real name?
Even Tom couldn't help.
We'll just have to wait to see what happens.
Tom said he couldn't find what he was looking for.
What's the next step?
How could you help Tom?
We really should sing a little more quietly.
Tom looked after the children yesterday afternoon.
Coziness is a national icon for us.
The President is prepared to go all out to get his way at any cost.
Do we have to talk about this here?
Why don't we talk about this now?
Why don't we talk about it now?
Tom helped Mary decorate her Christmas tree.
She caught him looking at her.
It's a secret. You can't let anyone else know.
You can't let anyone else know.
I wasn't there when it happened.
She looked angry.
He looked angry.
It is better to receive an injury than to cause one.
There's no plant more prickly than a thistle.
She's selling an old-fashioned hat.
Her job was eliminated due to budget cutbacks.
I wonder where Tom parked his car.
Who won the election?
Please don't blame Tom.
We just barely had enough time to eat lunch.
Tom has learned how to sing a few songs in French.
Who'll pay the bills?
Did Tom really help you?
We can't talk here. Let's go somewhere else.
Tom said he's going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Why should they stop?
How is Tom able to help?
Tom and Mary lost their jobs due to budget cutbacks.
Many employees had to be laid off due to budget cutbacks.
I was laid off from my job due to budget cutbacks.
The library near my house is now open only three days a week due to budget cutbacks.
We see who laughs- we don't see who cries.
A simple wooden cross marks Tom's grave.
Taking care of soldiers on a mountain is difficult.
He only feeds on milk and vegetables.
I am on the current.
This law will rob us of our basic rights.
Tame birds dream of freedom. Wild birds fly!
The character depends on personality, not on talent.
I've forgotten to call brother Marko.
An organist accompanied the song of the believers.
I close my eyes and remember your face.
Her work is also valuable.
We aren't the only ones who have to do this.
Tom isn't the only one here who can speak French.
Will you sing for me?
I didn't dance with Tom.
We're doing things we've never done before.
Tom told me that he forgot where he hid the key.
Wow, what a surprise!
I hope Tom will do that.
We're always busy at this time of the year.
Tom said he couldn't do what we asked him to do.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Route 19.
You said a word that makes me shudder.
I go to the pharmacy and buy medicine.
My dad listens to classical music.
Why is your English pronunciation so good?
He politely declined the client's request.
It seems that he knows a secret.
It seems that he knows the secret.
It seems that Tom knows the secret.
You can't go outside.
I like singing with Tom.
We still have many other things to discuss.
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.
You don't deserve it.
I really don't know Tom.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.
You're bound to fail.
I'm sure Tom can't swim.
He would rather play video games than be with me sexually.
We have other things we need to talk about.
Tom did better today than he's ever done before.
You're quite correct.
We can't let Tom escape.
We need to talk about this sometime soon.
Tom was the first one to get here this morning.
You're very ignorant.
We couldn't protect Tom.
We closed the restaurant three years ago.
Tom taught his son how to sing many folk songs.
I asked my magic mirror if there is anyone more beautiful than me. Maybe it will tell me once it is done laughing.
You came at the right time.
I love God, our Father in Heaven, who created me.
I must not eat.
If I had more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry right now.
I wonder if Tom knows Manon is coming with me.
Do not hesitate to ask me any kind of questions.
When she saw my face, she started to cry.
As I opened the door, there stood an unknown man.
With his arms, he dances.
It's relatively expensive.
An armchair is in the bedroom.
This is a very comfortable armchair.
It's only too true!
Our company needs someone who's familiar with advanced technology.
It's our duty to pay attention to the law.
Elizabeth did not say a single word.
No one called for you!
Always.
It's nice to live in this country.
We spent a good evening together yesterday.
Such a thing often happens.
He added phrases.
Tom had to do it.
You are simply unbearable!
Money is money.
A little softness can clear the bitterness.
It was in this hospital that Dan had his operation.
Do they drink tea?
We're heading down a dead end.
We spread ourselves out on the lawn.
The public swarms to the bar during the intermission.
Yesterday, he saw a large man.
Mom! Stop! You're making me uncomfortable!
They will give a conference tonight.
Do you recognise this writing?
Tom is afraid of escalators.
Did you rest?
Now, the last sprint begins.
Every time I read this book, I discover something new.
Life is simply too short to despair over a few losses.
You deepened the holes.
Well, it doesn't bother me!
Don't be shy, go ahead!
You spread your affairs too thin.
I don't drag them.
Marie agonised.
Tell me the truth, Thomas. Do not lie to me.
You won't escape me.
Herbalists are indispensable to botanists.
You don't like this game.
Tom avoided the problems.
Did you have a girlfriend before me?
I saw that the weather will be beautiful this weekend.
Life is too short, really!
Preoccupation with sex is the basis of all mental activity.
Tom is around thirty.
I want to move the furniture in the room.
A lot of people do it.
We had no help from Tom.
We don't have time to do that right now.
Tom won't be the only one without an umbrella.
Both men were rescued.
We need people like Tom.
We should sing together again sometime.
Tom will spend the rest of his life in prison.
Both of them survived.
Did Tom really kiss Mary?
To attack and annihilate Iraq in 2003, the United States formed an "international" league composed of small countries like The Republic of Palau or Iceland.
I received a shock of over volts.
John is not the type of man who'd betray you.
How many beds are there in the house?
These cars are the same type.
If you deposit your letter at the front post after PM, it'll be delivered the following day.
My mother's uncle is as bald as an egg.
I wish you all a Merry Christmas.
We agonized over what to wear.
We agonized over what to do.
We agonized over this.
We agonized over this for months.
We agonized over this decision.
We agonized over the decision to do that.
We agonized over that for weeks.
I've been agonizing over whether to do what Tom suggested or do what Mary suggested.
I hope we didn't agonize over this decision for nothing.
I wish you all a Happy New Year.
We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
I wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Happy Chanukah.
Happy Holidays.
The holiday season is my favourite time of the year.
We can't survive without water.
Please give me the plate of potatoes.
The crystal clear water had a very pleasant temperature.
Do you like this music?
Please don't smoke.
Oh, how I miss you!
Wink wink nudge nudge.
Tom and Mary are a musical duo.
Tom needs to enunciate.
Enunciate your words.
Why should we wait till marriage?
We need to find out who drove that car.
Tom was too busy to notice what was happening.
Come to lunch with us.
Good luck with that, Tom.
We're going to see if we can do that.
Tom sang a lot better than I thought he would.
Do I look pale to you?
I hope you find Tom soon.
We're extremely concerned about that.
Tom quickly realized that something was wrong.
Tom has finished reading the book that Mary gave him yesterday.
How much did this cost?
Tom's smile vanished.
Tom got an A on the exam.
Mary was surprised by Alice's behavior.
Dog food is expensive.
I knew Tom would be here.
We need to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom wanted to buy a new pair of tennis shoes.
Don't act like a jerk.
We need to find a safe place to hide.
Tom says that he won't shake hands with Mary.
Don't be fooled again.
I like the way Tom sings.
I hate fireworks.
Have you ever been happy?
My mom will be making ten batches of chocolate chip cookies for tomorrow's party.
I do not put sugar in the coffee.
I need you for a second.
It would be nice of you to do that.
Santa Claus has many reindeer.
Are they Americans?
Tom is training to be a psychiatric nurse.
Plasma is the fourth state of matter.
We import many things from Australia.
Tom is very likely to know what we should do.
Don't forget the past.
I've never heard Tom cry.
We don't need you to do that anymore.
Tom is a friend of my wife's younger brother.
Don't get left behind.
Is Tom really happy here?
We really have to go back to Boston.
Tom hasn't sung with our band in a long time.
Don't tell anyone yet.
That farm belongs to Tom.
We had hoped you could do it for us.
Tom has asked us to buy him something to eat.
Don't walk home alone.
That isn't Tom's bicycle.
We don't know what we're up against.
Tom goes to the supermarket almost every day.
Don't you feel hungry?
That isn't Tom's problem.
Say this.
In this era of post-truth politics, it's easy to cherry-pick data and come to whatever conclusion you desire.
Some commentators have observed that we are living in a post-truth age.
I knew Tom would be there.
We're sure that it was an accident.
Tom would've done it already if he knew how.
Food is too expensive.
We can't let Tom do that.
We understood each other very well.
Tom was sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
Here are some details.
Did Tom really drink that?
We understand each other perfectly.
Tom should've let me do what I wanted to do.
An odd idea popped into my head.
The school is on top of the hill.
I like to hit Tom on the head.
This isn't what I was thinking of.
If the ninth of Av falls on the first of the month, do you fast or not?
Why is this computer here?
Pride cometh before a fall.
That ain't going to happen.
Watch out for the potholes while driving.
He died believing that he had found the fabled golden city of the Incas.
She doesn't have relatives.
I was sure.
I was certain.
He published two books in Finnish.
I need to buy Christmas gifts.
I think that Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
I have to buy Christmas gifts.
Tom is delirious!
I know Mary thinks I'm stupid.
I know Mary thinks I'm dumb.
Where is the street shown in the video with the multi-colored umbrellas hanging overhead?
Beauty can do strange things.
Good to know.
This is not fish.
We are alright still.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?
This is Greek to me.
People all love talking.
I can't believe this is real.
Before you go to bed in a hotel, familiarize yourself with the location of the emergency exit.
At this point, it's just a war of attrition. Only those who are patient can survive.
We could hear the dogs shouting in the street.
When I listened to this song, I broke down in tears.
This book changed my life.
Movers don't like people who read books. But at least they have a good reason.
My family didn't have much money.
His parents were dirt-poor and could not afford to send their son to college.
He's dirt-poor.
He lectured the boy about not playing in the street.
That's not civil disobedience. That's rioting.
Not every company can afford to underwrite such an expensive event.
Freedom of speech is especially important to broadcasters.
During the wedding rehearsal, he was almost too nervous to speak.
She was wearing a poodle skirt circa 1955.
She personalizes every letter with one or two handwritten lines at the bottom.
That organization disseminates a lot of information, none of which can be trusted.
I don't think that such an insult necessitates a response.
The narwhal is the unicorn of the sea.
No matter how much I prod her, she refuses to start working on the assignment.
Many small business owners belong to a chamber of commerce.
Incremental improvement is fine as long as the increments are large enough to see.
I called.
I arrived.
Chill-out.
Maybe.
Correct.
Languages are in a constant process of change.
He is drinking milk.
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.
The material is light enough to float in water.
This rug is large enough to cover the whole floor.
Europe gave up on national sovereignty.
In retrospect, the hawkish tendencies of that society were becoming more and more evident in the months before war broke out.
He retaliated.
The agreement was conditioned on the withdrawal of troops.
Duty is calling me.
You need to put your foot down.
The lobster was good.
So, what was it like?
"You can't do that." "I just did."
He has got a job.
All prices have risen.
I wish my mom and dad were here to see what I've accomplished in my life.
I used to work with low income families living in housing projects.
Your wife called and she wants you to get a pizza on the way home.
I used to love going back to school after having the summer off.
Who knows, maybe Christmas in Boston won't be so bad after all.
Your wife would never forgive me if anything happened to you.
That's the book that made me decide I wanted to be a writer.
I didn't know that I was supposed to dance with your sister.
I wish my mom and dad were alive today to see this happen.
Who do you think of when you are listening to love songs?
I wish we could turn the clocks back about thirty years.
I wish these young people all the success in the world.
The police think that someone tampered with the brakes.
I used to teach advanced math classes in middle school.
Your wife may be more understanding than you think.
Why don't you take a seat and tell me all about it?
I have more than one friend who can't speak French.
French is the language that I speak the most often.
The job requires certain skills that I don't have.
You're not satisfied with these results, are you?
When you're not with me, I sometimes feel lonely.
Three people died in a fire in Boston on Monday.
I want you to understand why you have to do this.
I want to say goodbye to my mother and my family.
Are you sure that we're not overlooking anything?
You should have your cholesterol levels checked.
The shelves in the supermarket were almost bare.
Let's bring manufacturing jobs back to America.
I appreciate the time constraints you're under.
Dental records confirmed the victim's identity.
We have to find ways to get everyone involved.
We have to find a way to narrow down the list.
It's not hard to see why you aren't a success.
If I see you around here again, I'll kill you.
I wish we could get it back to the way it was.
I wish my father had lived to see this happen.
When I was young, I used to only wear skirts.
We've come a long way and accomplished a lot.
We're really just getting to know each other.
We're all trying to make names for ourselves.
We'd be absolutely thrilled if that happened.
Is it just me or is everybody else cold, too.
I never screamed like that before in my life.
I just can't bear to see you in so much pain.
Can you please tell me how deep this lake is?
We've got to start thinking about recycling.
We've developed a fine working relationship.
We've been in tighter jams than this before.
We've all been together since middle school.
We haven't really talked since the accident.
The instructions aren't usually so detailed.
I want to give you the benefit of the doubt.
I sincerely hope you'll be able to be there.
What happened when you got home that night?
We haven't really done anything useful yet.
They have no right to be here at this time.
There is absolutely no truth to this rumor.
There is a large age difference between us.
The bombs were detonated by remote control.
Obviously, such arguments are preposterous.
Not everyone who goes fishing catches fish.
Let's talk about the deal that was reached.
I wish you'd tell me when you're going out.
I want to keep working my way up the ranks.
I used to think obituaries were depressing.
I hope we can live up to your expectations.
I have no problem sharing my room with you.
Can you tell me where the train station is?
You knew full well what needed to be done.
We haven't received the help we requested.
Waiting tables in Boston can be lucrative.
They won't tell you what you want to hear.
There were no tire tracks in the driveway.
The money is already beginning to run out.
That's not exactly an accurate comparison.
Several rooms in the hotel were ransacked.
Our relationship is entirely professional.
Let's see what the investigation turns up.
Let's first see what happens in Australia.
Let's be sure we're all who we say we are.
It's been such a pleasure having you here.
I'm sorry I acted like a child last night.
I'll never understand Australian politics.
I want somebody that's good on their feet.
I just can't bear to leave you here alone.
Everybody deserves affordable health care.
Driver's license and registration, please.
Do you know what the kids used to call me?
What good do you think will come of this?
We'll meet again in the future, I'm sure.
We'd be much better off if that happened.
We haven't offered the job to anyone yet.
We have to start preparing for next year.
There is a big age difference between us.
There are still a lot of things to learn.
The general wished to attack immediately.
The discussions were always constructive.
The children were running helter-skelter.
That's a completely different phenomenon.
That certainly is not the case in Boston.
Stereotypes are confusing and misleading.
Some actions have permanent consequences.
Permit me to carry your suitcase for you.
Our technology has advanced dramatically.
Let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.
Let's just all hold hands and be friends.
Let's get a couple things out of the way.
Last night's storm left a mess in Boston.
It was the first radio station in Boston.
I'd rather die free than live as a slave.
I wish we had more of this kind of thing.
I want to win this fight with a knockout.
I have to say I felt very safe in Boston.
I can't ignore someone who needs my help.
I apologize for talking to you like that.
Address issues rather than personalities.
You're being ignorant and disrespectful.
You'd better take a closer look at that.
Why don't you say hi to your classmates?
We're very proud of the work that we do.
We haven't really had those discussions.
We haven't changed the way we do things.
We have to try to communicate with them.
We disagreed without being disagreeable.
Those guys were absolutely unbelievable.
They don't have to do that, but they do.
These containers are pretty inexpensive.
The suspected shooter has been arrested.
The suspect's name hasn't been released.
The changes are absolutely mind-blowing.
Sometimes we just have to make the time.
Our population is growing exponentially.
Our influence has diminished enormously.
Let's talk about something less painful.
Let's separate the wheat from the chaff.
Let's see where we are a month from now.
Let's see if that gets past the censors.
Let's hope the rest of the CD is better.
I wish I could move, but I'm stuck here.
I had no doubts that I was going to win.
Gasoline is getting to be too expensive.
Everyone benefited from the arrangement.
Do you think that's a good thing for me?
Construction has fallen behind schedule.
Both injuries aren't considered serious.
Applications are already being accepted.
Allow me to carry your suitcase for you.
Your support is overwhelmingly awesome.
You've gotten everything you've wanted.
You've become a pain to the rest of us.
You're doing something they appreciate.
You'll learn how to do this eventually.
Who would've thought this would happen?
What's not yet done may be left undone.
We've had our little misunderstandings.
We've got to look at some alternatives.
We've done an exhaustive investigation.
We just want the public to be informed.
We haven't talked about it a whole lot.
We haven't been out on a real date yet.
We have to do the job with what's here.
We have the death penalty for a reason.
We have highways that we need to build.
We have a tremendous cash flow problem.
We certainly didn't underestimate them.
Water pollution is a problem worldwide.
Things weren't going to get any better.
They're absolutely guilty of something.
They had pretty realistic expectations.
There were no mitigating circumstances.
The suspect reportedly stole computers.
The papers contained false information.
The man surrendered without resistance.
The knife was just centimeters long.
The discussions were very constructive.
The current situation is unsustainable.
The competition was absolutely amazing.
That number has increased dramatically.
Special events require additional fees.
People here in Boston are getting soft.
Other companies offer similar programs.
Numerous other enhancements were added.
Nobody else was involved in the murder.
Mentioning someone's race isn't racist.
Let's take a look at the whole picture.
Let's tackle the second question first.
Let's read a few verses from the Bible.
Let's give them the chance to find out.
Let's give them all the rope they want.
Just one member expressed disagreement.
It's just not worth the effort anymore.
It's completely and utterly disgusting.
It's a fine mess you've gotten us into.
Is there a school for refugee children?
In all, there were thirty people there.
If you could see, you would understand.
I'm very uncomfortable around children.
I'll be here bright and early tomorrow.
I wish I could say the same for myself.
I wasn't about to sing that song again.
I want to be able to have a home again.
I think our designers lack imagination.
I really hope one of us gets the award.
I know you want to see this to the end.
I don't want to have this conversation.
I didn't intentionally break any rules.
Eligible applicants are being notified.
Drastic times require drastic measures.
Does everyone get a copy of the agenda?
Contributors can also remain anonymous.
Closing arguments will continue Monday.
Americans want their borders protected.
Absolutely nothing came easy yesterday.
You've barely said a word all morning.
You're only postponing the inevitable.
You need to establish your priorities.
Who's allowed to call a spade a spade?
What's preventing this from happening?
What would your mom do if you're late?
What happened next changed everything.
We've been exploring the alternatives.
We're providing an affordable service.
We should deal fairly with each other.
We haven't yet completed our business.
We haven't really earned anything yet.
We haven't got anything to answer for.
We have to be financially responsible.
We have some serious issues coming up.
We have a lot more supply than demand.
Truck drivers face obvious challenges.
Three attackers were confirmed killed.
Those fears probably aren't justified.
They're paying really close attention.
They meet every Monday here in Boston.
There's always something that's wrong.
There was no independent confirmation.
The turnout exceeded our expectations.
The findings are downright depressing.
The facts weren't properly understood.
The criminal investigation is ongoing.
The case is still under investigation.
The boy wasn't immediately identified.
The White House denied responsibility.
The American public doesn't want this.
That's nearly impossible to determine.
That's essentially what happened here.
That week in Boston was pretty hectic.
Spending money stimulates the economy.
Responsibility has to start somewhere.
Registration for programs is required.
Reduce administrative costs and waste.
Malpractice suits are down nationally.
Logging is another important industry.
Linux didn't become popular overnight.
Let's hope that day is a long way off.
Let me to carry your suitcase for you.
Laughter rippled through the audience.
It took years to answer that question.
I've included a visitor's application.
I'll fight anybody, anywhere, anytime.
I'd like to do a neurological work-up.
I wish I could be convinced otherwise.
I was scared they'd find out about us.
I wanted my life to be more enjoyable.
I want to purchase property in Boston.
I want to make sure this is permanent.
I want to know who knew what and when.
I want to go into sports broadcasting.
I want to be able to help my team win.
I don't know why you want me to dance.
Have you ever seen an owl around here?
Do you have to get back to the office?
Did you know right from the beginning?
Construction began shortly thereafter.
Closing arguments are expected Monday.
Cleanup will cost millions of dollars.
Can you guess what that was all about?
Boston is closer than you think it is.
At least three of them died in Boston.
All classes here are taught in French.
Your hypocrisy is absolutely amazing.
Young people are very impressionable.
Why do I have to think of everything?
What kind of fish do you like to eat?
What do you mean, you don't remember?
We're looking at those possibilities.
We're going to scrutinize everything.
We need to start making arrangements.
We haven't seen any evidence of that.
We haven't had that conversation yet.
We have to make some tough decisions.
We have to get to the bottom of that.
We have no idea where they came from.
We have got to offer value for money.
We have changed the way we do things.
We have all kinds of things going on.
We have a really loyal customer base.
Usually, that's exactly what happens.
Use new technologies when applicable.
Unfortunately, I'm a little strapped.
Twelve million people are unemployed.
This was clearly once a working farm.
This shouting isn't helping anything.
This product is available everywhere.
This makes me wish I lived in Boston.
This is the worst thing in the world.
Things are definitely going downhill.
They're actually quite decent people.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
They handled this situation terribly.
They clinked their glasses and drank.
These mistakes are hardly surprising.
These concepts are illustrated below.
These are more than just assumptions.
There's definitely a double standard.
Their maintenance costs are enormous.
The shooting occurred Monday morning.
The result is tragically predictable.
The proposal was given the thumbs up.
The perpetrator was obviously insane.
The people's fears aren't groundless.
The government hasn't been listening.
The evidence is still circumstantial.
The entire prison's been quarantined.
The difference is like night and day.
The decision was eventually reversed.
The decision caused widespread anger.
That's an extremely helpful attitude.
Several new activities are scheduled.
Search operations are still underway.
Sea-sickness wasn't the only problem.
Police investigations are continuing.
Other research shows similar results.
Old assumptions are being challenged.
No individual's rights were violated.
Long-term interest rates have surged.
Let's take things from the beginning.
Let's see how straight you can shoot.
Let's put the blame where it belongs.
Let's hope that decency will prevail.
Let's address the fundamental issues.
Let us shed some light on the matter.
It's definitely been pretty exciting.
It's a pretty unbeatable combination.
It's a matter of national importance.
Introductions have already been made.
Ignorance is destroying this country.
I'm definitely more comfortable here.
I wish you the best in your next job.
I wish I could say this was shocking.
I want to meet the girl of my dreams.
I want to be a teacher in the future.
I thought guns were banned in Boston.
I reached for a pen on my nightstand.
I don't want to have this discussion.
I asked if I was required to do that.
Giggles rippled through the audience.
Everything will blow over eventually.
Everyone's asking for you downstairs.
Do you really think this is the time?
Do you know what would really be fun?
Dancing will continue until midnight.
Children should always be encouraged.
Children are particularly vulnerable.
Both of them were sentenced to death.
Are steroids actually killing people?
Any surgical procedure carries risks.
All the children sat around the fire.
A good conscience is the best pillow.
You're really stupid, you know?
You're just delaying the inevitable.
You're completely missing the point.
Whatever happens after this happens.
We've changed our approach entirely.
We're very pleased with the turnout.
We're pretty well known around town.
We're not sure what to make of that.
We're not rich, but we're not broke.
We're not going to get carried away.
We're not doing this to hurt anyone.
We're looking pretty good right now.
We're learning how strong we can be.
We're hiring a lot more salespeople.
We're excited about the opportunity.
We used to play basketball together.
We shouldn't have to lay anyone off.
We haven't yet found a happy medium.
We haven't set our priorities right.
We haven't really done anything yet.
We haven't gone out of business yet.
This guitar doesn't sound very good.
This concludes the press conference.
Things keep getting worse and worse.
They're perfectly safe, aren't they?
There's nothing uncommon about this.
There were no signs of forced entry.
The purchase price wasn't disclosed.
The guards laughed among themselves.
The food looks positively delicious.
The fiscal situation is challenging.
The exact location wasn't disclosed.
The conditions weren't always great.
The committee approved the addition.
The ceiling has partially collapsed.
The building is absolutely stunning.
The boys look horribly disappointed.
The body hasn't yet been identified.
The atmosphere here is unbelievable.
The American public deserves better.
That's what unimaginative people do.
That's my new favorite catch-phrase.
That'll go over very well in Boston.
That incident almost cost me my job.
Such opportunities should be seized.
Still, many investors remained wary.
Sometimes my questions are answered.
Sometimes entertainment is provided.
Something eventually will get built.
Several students raised their hands.
Separate your wants from your needs.
Please don't send email attachments.
People are partying and celebrating.
People are looking for alternatives.
Our holidays are pretty traditional.
Opinions are more divided in Boston.
Numerous other lawsuits are pending.
Nobody suspected anything like this.
No group has claimed responsibility.
My parents are conservative Mormons.
My husband's situation is different.
Most criminals are repeat offenders.
Monetary donations are also welcome.
Millions of Americans were watching.
Logistics are sometimes complicated.
Living standards are also improving.
Let's see if we can crack this case.
Let's see if we can accommodate you.
It's ridiculous to assume otherwise.
It's now time to get back to basics.
It's been an eye-opening experience.
It's always somebody else's problem.
It's a difficult, complex challenge.
It wasn't a friendly acknowledgment.
It was very emotional for all of us.
It was just absolutely unbelievable.
Is this a common practice in Boston?
I've been given great opportunities.
I'm still the same guy I used to be.
I'm so glad you found my little boy.
I'm concerned about that concussion.
I work under challenging conditions.
I wish we could take all the credit.
I wanted to stay as long as I could.
I wanted to bring them home with me.
I want you to look out for yourself.
I want to make that perfectly clear.
I want to continue to build on this.
I think that's all just speculation.
I have confidence in all those guys.
I find that completely mind-blowing.
I finally ate something substantial.
I don't like playing music for free.
I can't have you around my daughter.
I can work slower if you want me to.
I can walk faster if you want me to.
How can I know that it's really you?
Here's where things get interesting.
Graham Greene is my favorite writer.
Excessive honesty can be disastrous.
Everybody keeps looking for answers.
Eventually, bleachers will be added.
Elections are scheduled for October.
Each language has its peculiarities.
Don't teach your kids useless stuff.
Do you know what I just did for you?
Could you describe those procedures?
Children are normally very positive.
Can you tell me what you've learned?
Are we allowed to disagree with you?
Analysts were expecting an increase.
Analysts don't expect any surprises.
A helicopter buzzed around overhead.
Your claim is totally unacceptable.
You'd better to keep your distance.
You should've attended the wedding.
You should really buy one of these.
You ignorance is truly frightening.
Why don't you watch something else?
Where were the building inspectors?
What's your total household income?
What's your social security number?
What should I tell the patient now?
What do you mean, we don't have to?
Were you at the library last night?
We've taken a stand on this matter.
We've never been this wrong before.
We've got good, experienced people.
We're very committed to doing that.
We're taking this matter seriously.
We're running a statewide campaign.
We're not going to take it anymore.
We're not going to see that happen.
We're not going to give up on that.
We're not going to be poor anymore.
We're not even thinking about that.
We're going to do better than that.
We're going to be very competitive.
We're going about it the wrong way.
We're feeling pretty good about it.
We're deeply saddened by this loss.
We're always waiting for something.
We were just playing hide-and-seek.
We still constantly worry about it.
We shouldn't lose this opportunity.
We shouldn't act surprised, though.
We haven't had one person complain.
We haven't been coerced in any way.
We began catching fish immediately.
Those are pretty amazing dividends.
Those answers will eventually come.
This was obviously a grave mistake.
This isn't a subjective assessment.
This is really going to be my year.
This is a huge step forward for us.
This is a huge step forward for me.
This divorce is ruining everything.
Things happened quickly after that.
Things couldn't be more ship-shape.
They've become suspicious about it.
They're falling through the cracks.
They were talking about themselves.
These aren't for human consumption.
These are all unanswered questions.
There's nothing illegal about that.
There was something going on there.
There just aren't enough customers.
The whole thing sounded suspicious.
The verdict was fair and impartial.
The technology is still developing.
The shooting occurred early Monday.
The quarterback played pretty well.
The police are still investigating.
The girls weren't dressed properly.
The excitement is already building.
The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
The consequences would be enormous.
The company never really recovered.
The committee lifted the sanctions.
The assault was poorly coordinated.
The announcement is very deceiving.
The analogy is essentially correct.
The Constitution may need updating.
The American people deserve better.
That's the problem with statistics.
That's the most practical approach.
That doesn't inspire my confidence.
Squalls are expected later tonight.
Something is destroying everything.
Snow is predicted Monday afternoon.
Significant differences were found.
Sentencing is scheduled for Monday.
Prisoners aren't required to speak.
Police are withholding information.
Please report to the briefing room.
Our performance wasn't good enough.
Our curriculum is very streamlined.
Other cities have similar problems.
Opportunity is around every corner.
Offshore drilling costs are rising.
Nobody knows what the future holds?
Neither victim has been identified.
Many doctors don't accept Medicare.
Limited financial aid is available.
Let's try and make sense of it all.
Let's see how this story turns out.
Let's get one thing straight first.
It's time for some spring cleaning.
It's something we're excited about.
It's rainy and icky here in Boston.
It's not an unintended consequence.
It's happening this week in Boston.
It's been exciting and stimulating.
It's a substantial amount of money.
It's a markedly different approach.
It's a lot of added responsibility.
It would appear they're compatible.
It doesn't surprise anyone anymore.
Isn't that every filmmaker's dream?
Is that any way to measure success?
Investors lost billions of dollars.
I've been with you for a long time.
I'm not going down that road again.
I'm late for my morning conference.
I'm glad the whole process is over.
I'm aware of all those connections.
I would like to increase the price.
I wish I could throw a shoe at him.
I want to see my children educated.
I want to get involved in politics.
I want to be able to do it legally.
I want people who are able to work.
I understand that you're upset now.
I think we're in pretty good shape.
I think about it quite differently.
I succeeded beyond my expectations.
I don't want you to play billiards.
I don't like talking about the war.
Humanitarian aid must be increased.
How's it going with your boyfriend?
Honest men make unconvincing liars.
Healthy competition is always good.
Foxes are moderately quiet animals.
Everyone should prepare adequately.
Everyone realized this was serious.
Everyone has really been wonderful.
Everybody is surprised and excited.
Even the king's toilet is a toilet.
Dust was blowing everywhere Monday.
Don't you look pretty this evening!
Don't stop thinking about tomorrow.
Does anybody else see a connection?
Do you want to learn rock climbing?
Detectives don't suspect foul play.
Deliberations will continue Monday.
Children can't blame their parents.
Can you identify the problem areas?
Can I get this prescription filled?
Cambodia is ethnically homogeneous.
Are you doing anything differently?
A special prosecutor was appointed.
You should've learned your lesson.
You knew full well what was right.
You guys have it worse than we do.
You don't understand these things.
You can't have everything in life.
Yelling is completely unnecessary.
Would it be all right if I talked?
Who should I go with to the party?
Where's everyone's sense of humor?
Wheelchair access is very limited.
What really went on in that house?
What makes this project different?
What do you mean, you didn't know?
Well, that just about says it all.
We've learned some lessons, right?
We've got a little situation here.
We're very happy with the turnout.
We're very happy and very excited.
We're trying to generate business.
We're the only ones who know that.
We're stronger and safer together.
We're still working the kinks out.
We're still looking for donations.
We're still gathering information.
We're running out of options here.
We're not where we need to be yet.
We're not going to make that goal.
We're not going to exclude anyone.
We're not being properly informed.
We're not accepting any more bids.
We're never getting back together.
We're looking at that possibility.
We're just digging our own graves.
We're investigating this incident.
We're hoping to beat the deadline.
We're here to support our country.
We're going to the police station.
We're going to start from scratch.
We're going to put that behind us.
We're going to have to get better.
We're going to have fun with this.
We're going to fight till the end.
We're going to capitalize on that.
We're done with business as usual.
We're coming to the end of an era.
We're always trying something new.
We're already where we need to be.
We truly appreciate your business.
We really appreciate their effort.
We must learn from the experience.
We just rested thirty minutes ago.
We just found a technical problem.
We haven't got anything like this.
We don't have that luxury anymore.
We don't have movie theaters here.
We did some unconventional things.
Tomorrow might be quite different.
Those changes were very important.
This will change your entire life.
This isn't the government's fault.
This is what we do here in Boston.
This is especially true in Boston.
This is a walk in the park for me.
This honestly doesn't surprise me.
This didn't just happen overnight.
This article is partially correct.
This article doesn't explain much.
Things didn't end well that night.
Things always work themselves out.
They've already grown so attached.
They're still just friends, right?
They're keeping their dream alive.
They're a really wonderful couple.
They're a bunch of contradictions.
They were always good competition.
They started talking on the phone.
They lived in a dilapidated house.
They greeted each other cordially.
They found their home burglarized.
They face more serious challenges.
They drink like nobody's business.
They appreciate the little things.
These people have lost everything.
There was always that possibility.
There are other possible problems.
Their support has been invaluable.
Their efforts didn't go unnoticed.
Their confidence proved justified.
The weather has started to change.
The victim's name wasn't released.
The victim hasn't been identified.
The university declined to answer.
The turnout exceeded expectations.
The storm eventually blew through.
The slippery slope is unavoidable.
The situation is changing rapidly.
The school was meticulously clean.
The menu looks absolutely amazing.
The meeting quickly became heated.
The industry isn't well regulated.
The gym was immediately evacuated.
The crowd was really appreciative.
The community support was amazing.
The church offered them sanctuary.
The church is handicap accessible.
The assessment is being contested.
The American people aren't stupid.
That's probably an understatement.
That would explain your dizziness.
That was enough to terrify anyone.
That doesn't make good television.
Thanks for that added information.
Talk like that isn't constructive.
Strange things happen in baseball.
Stand by for further instructions.
Sometimes I believe in fairytales.
Something drastic needs to happen.
Someone is making money somewhere.
Somehow I accidently activated it.
Some companies are adding workers.
Shuttle buses continue to operate.
Several Japanese soldiers drowned.
Seat cushions are sold separately.
Pricing hasn't yet been announced.
Police investigations are ongoing.
Please let me know that you're OK.
Please keep your questions coming.
Perhaps somebody can enlighten me.
People like you shouldn't be here.
Operations were resumed on Monday.
Obviously the adjustment was hard.
Now we have to rethink everything.
Now that's what I'm talking about.
Nothing could be more fundamental.
Nothing could be more frightening.
No publication date was announced.
No outside employment was allowed.
No one is too old to learn French.
Neighbors said they heard yelling.
My home is being robbed right now.
My allergies are driving me crazy.
Mistakes have obviously been made.
Let's start with a simple premise.
Let's see what is in store for me.
Let's now proceed to other things.
Let's just say it was quite a day.
Let's iron out the kinks together.
Let's get them before they get us.
Let's consider a concrete example.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Let me tell you what depresses me.
Knee replacement is major surgery.
It's very advanced and futuristic.
It's time to get back to business.
It's hard to find a dance partner.
It's considered an aggressive act.
It's clearly a challenging market.
It's an interesting business plan.
It's almost impossible to achieve.
It's a requirement for graduation.
It was like that when I got there.
It was an understandable decision.
It depends upon several variables.
Is that why you want to come over?
Is that what this is really about?
I've been having some car trouble.
I'm not worried about comparisons.
I wish I had kept a complete list.
I wanted to resume my normal life.
I wanted people to know it was me.
I want to say that it can be done.
I want to put the record straight.
I want to achieve something great.
I never understood their argument.
I needed a week to get used to it.
I know somebody knows the answers.
I don't see why I shouldn't dance.
I didn't feel totally comfortable.
I couldn't imagine anything worse.
I couldn't disagree with you more.
I couldn't come up with an answer.
Hundreds of children participated.
How would you know what I do best?
How about you and I go for a walk?
Hopefully, that's about to change.
High taxes stifle economic growth.
German Shepherds tend to be loyal.
Firefighters do basic medical aid.
FORTRAN is a programming language.
Experience is a wonderful teacher.
Everything seemed age appropriate.
Everyone has their breaking point.
Essentially that story is correct.
Drunkards are often quite amusing.
Does it contain recycled material?
Do they speak French in Australia?
Did it look like I was going fast?
Consumer confidence is plummeting.
Confirmation would be appreciated.
Clearly, looks can be very deceiving.
Clearly, I make you uncomfortable.
Changing rooms are located nearby.
Certain injuries can't be avoided.
Cancellation fees are rising fast.
Can you tell me why this might be?
Can you imagine a thing like that?
Are you convinced it's economical?
Almost everybody else will say no.
Adults are welcome to participate.
Your commitment helps your cause.
You're the authority figure here.
You'll feel a tingling sensation.
You weren't answering your phone.
You people can't help yourselves.
You can't make broad assumptions.
You aren't answering my question.
Will this affect foreign tourism?
Why would they want to come over?
Why would I go to a chiropractor?
Why are you getting home so late?
Who's that in the red sunglasses?
What you're asking is impossible.
What really counts is friendship.
What if something happens to you?
What happened next was a mystery.
What exactly is money laundering?
What ever happened to innovation?
What do you mean, you don't know?
What did I do with that pamphlet?
We've got to keep getting better.
We've got some catching up to do.
We've found this works very well.
We've done a lot of work on this.
We've done a lot of great things.
We've been very clear about that.
We've been training a lot harder.
We've become much more selective.
We've become a nation of beggars.
We've all been wrong in the past.
We're trying to compete globally.
We're the ones who're different.
We're the best team in Australia.
We're taking care of what we can.
We're supposed to be a community.
We're still in the initial stage.
We're still in the driver's seat.
We're putting more money into it.
We're people like everybody else.
We're off to a very strong start.
We're now waiting for the result.
We're not totally sure we belong.
We're not ready to go public yet.
We're not lending any more money.
We're not going to dwell on this.
We're not going to ask you today.
We're not fooled by your tactics.
We're not expecting any handouts.
We're not exactly open right now.
We're like kids in a candy store.
We're just trying to work it out.
We're in the middle of a meeting.
We're in debt up to our eyeballs.
We're hoping to prove them wrong.
We're going to have to shut down.
We're going to give them our all.
We're getting ahead of ourselves.
We're destroying our own country.
We're blessed to be where we are.
We're an apolitical organization.
We're also seriously undermanned.
We're all excited to get started.
We're OK with people doubting us.
We'll see what they come up with.
We'll see what the proposals are.
We'll see if the gamble pays off.
We'll provide drinks and dessert.
We'll have a talented group here.
We'll all pray for your recovery.
We wouldn't make it without them.
We worked on a lot of the basics.
We won't let up on our vigilance.
We wish these people would leave.
We weren't a good offensive team.
We were unable to stay in Boston.
We were taught to believe in God.
We were standing right over here.
We were pleased with the verdict.
We were both facing the same way.
We wanted revenge, and we got it.
We want to get people's feedback.
We want to enrich people's lives.
We want to cooperate and we will.
We used to have our own servants.
We think it's pretty significant.
We struggled with it for a while.
We still have to get out of debt.
We simply want things to be fair.
We shouldn't be here in the dark.
We regret you've become involved.
We played a lot of golf together.
We need to stay out of this mess.
We need to remember three things.
We need to exercise more caution.
We need to cut wasteful spending.
We must try not to be repetitive.
We must never let our guard down.
We must never compromise on this.
We might be able to duplicate it.
We may plant a couple more trees.
We may have to move very quickly.
We may as well finish our dinner.
We know they're going to be good.
We knew we were better than that.
We keep trying to make it better.
We just wanted somewhere to hide.
We just want to help the injured.
We just need to let them be kids.
We just have to go out and do it.
We hope this isn't what it seems.
We held a yard sale last weekend.
We haven't thought of everything.
We haven't seen a lot of looting.
We haven't even set the date yet.
We haven't been properly trained.
We have to talk through all that.
We have to pass this legislation.
We have to look into our options.
We have to live with these risks.
We have to keep the debate going.
We have to hold them accountable.
We have to be alert all the time.
We have stopped listening to you.
We have no idea what we're doing.
We have hope for a better future.
We have all of the proof we need.
We have a similar sense of humor.
We have a lot of competition now.
We have a great group of parents.
We don't want to disappoint them.
We don't joke about these things.
We don't have the luxury of time.
We all had different assignments.
Was anything different this time?
Victory won't be achieved easily.
Unfortunately, this news is true.
Too much power causes corruption.
Tomorrow it'll be something else.
Those chips aren't yet available.
This would be our recommendation.
This raises intriguing questions.
This isn't our final destination.
This essentially changes nothing.
They're pretty much in agreement.
They worked brilliantly together.
They were evicted without notice.
They said they would investigate.
They keep making that allegation.
These are interesting challenges.
There's always plenty of trouble.
There was severe property damage.
There was no explanation offered.
Their philosophies are identical.
Their marriage was falling apart.
The zombies attacked the joggers.
The world is constantly changing.
The whole thing is contradictory.
The violence doesn't surprise me.
The training was never completed.
The trail is washed out up ahead.
The store was immediately closed.
The smoke was unbelievably thick.
The sign was immediately removed.
The results could be devastating.
The purchase was perfectly legal.
The price jump was unprecedented.
The premise is relatively simple.
The physical demands are extreme.
The movie was absolutely amazing.
The man was immediately arrested.
The letter was postmarked Boston.
The lamp is connected to a timer.
The kids showed great enthusiasm.
The judgment isn't entirely fair.
The introductions are being made.
The fundamental premise is wrong.
The festival starts October 20th.
The excitement level is building.
Tom was able to buy the same computer I bought much cheaper than I was.
The differences were substantial.
The deliberations took three days.
After a long high-speed chase, the police officer shot and killed Tom.
The crowd waited in anticipation.
The crowd roared in anticipation.
Tom couldn't bear to look at the dog he'd just run over with his car.
The crowd immediately grew quiet.
The attraction is obvious enough.
Tom wants Mary to take the medication the doctor told her to take.
That's what makes us exceptional.
That's the difference between us.
Tom never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
That's the challenge for parents.
That's something people can hide.
Tom hoped that Mary would find it in her heart to forgive him.
That's simple breach of contract.
That's a truly interesting story.
Tom couldn't keep his mouth shut about his father coming home.
That's a pretty horrible thought.
That wasn't the end of the story.
Tom said Mary was blackmailing him, but he didn't elaborate.
That wasn't entirely an accident.
That makes things more difficult.
Tom meant to tell Mary about it, but he never saw her again.
That complicated the whole thing.
Tom saw that Mary was crying and went over to comfort her.
Take-out meals will be available.
Strange things started happening.
I don't know why we never used to mind Tom's complaining.
Speak only when you're addressed.
Sometimes it's just the opposite.
Tom became interested in baking when he was very young.
Sometimes even that isn't enough.
Something about this concerns me.
Tom and Mary are trying to get their marriage annulled.
Some people were downright nasty.
Some Americans are being cheated.
My dad says you said you didn't want anything from Tom.
Republicans oppose any new taxes.
Reports of injuries are mounting.
I wonder if Tom could've been involved in an accident.
Report to the captain's quarters.
Tom was only thinking about how to save his own skin.
Pick something and stick with it.
People are friendly in Australia.
Tom stooped to pick up a coin he saw on the sidewalk.
People are beginning to perspire.
Participants should bring a gift.
Tom is learning French so he can get a better salary.
Our confidence is extremely high.
One day, the truth will come out.
I don't have the time or the inclination to help Tom.
Now it's illegal to discriminate.
Nothing much really frightens me.
Do you really think Tom will let you dance with John?
Nobody would ever know the truth.
No one watching was disappointed.
Tom lay awake all night, thinking about the problem.
No loopholes anywhere for anyone.
Neither was wearing a lifejacket.
Tom kissed Mary on the neck just below her left ear.
Neither report cited any sources.
Most people haven't participated.
Tom had to duck his head to get through the doorway.
Maybe we're connected by destiny.
Many people disliked that change.
Tom glanced at the note that Mary had handed to him.
Malaria is a preventable disease.
Major construction is continuing.
At the time of his arrest, Tom was living in Boston.
Lower taxes don't cause deficits.
Let's use some common sense here.
Tom may do that for us, but then again, he may not.
Let's talk about professionalism.
Let's start with what we do know.
Tom has really made the most of his opportunities.
Let's start off on the same page.
Let's not overstate matters here.
Tom wasn't given the chance you and I were given.
Let's look at the bigger picture.
Let's go out and enjoy ourselves.
Tom hoped to find an opportunity to talk to Mary.
Let's get it all out in the open.
Let's consider my alternate plan.
I don't see any way of stopping Tom from dancing.
Leaving is simply not acceptable.
It's unfortunate, but it happens.
Tom pretended to agree that it was a good plan.
It's not a governmental question.
It's currently located in Boston.
Tom isn't really going to join the navy, is he?
It's always someone else's fault.
It's a good challenge, obviously.
Tom couldn't find the words to express himself.
It's a beautifully designed boat.
It was founded in in Boston.
Tom began to tell Mary about what had happened.
It created an unsafe environment.
It always feels great to wash up.
Tom has admitted that he stole Mary's bicycle.
Isn't that what management wants?
Is your grandmother really dying?
It seems that Tom made no effort to find Mary.
Is there any truth to that rumor?
Instead of fretting, take action.
Tom was the one who gave Mary her first kiss.
I've always been generous to you.
I'm going to write that one down.
Tom has gotten accustomed to it working here.
I'm going to find out eventually.
I'm absolutely convinced of that.
Tom has found some interesting discrepancies.
I'll never forget their kindness.
I wouldn't do anything different.
Tom has been battling cancer for three years.
I would like to see another race.
I wish you luck on your decision.
Tom didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
I wish more people would compost.
I wish it would have been longer.
Tom hoped somebody would come to his rescue.
I was discriminated against once.
I wanted to give myself a chance.
Tom's appointment takes effect immediately.
I wanted to do something I loved.
I want to live in a free country.
Tom's appointment is effective immediately.
I want to know what's in my food.
I want to kill my neighbor's dog.
Tom will find a way to get you out of here.
I want to hear people's concerns.
I want to get the most out of it.
Tom looked up from the book he was reading.
I want to get that process going.
I want to feel good about myself.
Tom had not thought of Mary in a long time.
I want to continue to help women.
I want to be consistent and fair.
Tom had no money and couldn't buy any food.
I want to be back with my family.
I waited anxiously near the door.
Tom couldn't find words to express himself.
I think we're being shortsighted.
I think Australia is fascinating.
I don't see why Tom wouldn't want to dance.
I suggest you read my post again.
I sincerely pity the both of you.
Tom's singing certainly made people happy.
I shoot hoops every now and then.
I remember how angry you made me.
Tom sat there all alone, waiting for Mary.
I really feel it's a red herring.
I really don't see any advantage.
