I'd like to see what Tom has.
I wasn't sure I could do it.
I wonder if Tom got the hint.
I was trying to lose weight.
I thought Tom was kidding me.
I was sweating a little bit.
I think Tom should stay away.
Every day I check the news, but every day our two presidential candidates are still Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
Are there any tourists here this evening, by any chance?
I was pretty sick on Monday.
I think Tom is a good leader.
I was feeling a lot of pain.
I know exactly how Tom feels.
I told you I was doing that.
I knew that I could beat Tom.
I throw lots of things away.
I hope Tom never gets caught.
I thought you'd like my tie.
I hope Tom gets married soon.
I thought we did a good job.
I heard Tom was in Australia.
I thought we could help out.
I had no idea Tom was coming.
I thought it was really bad.
I don't think Tom lives here.
I thought it was funny, too.
I don't condone what Tom did.
I think you know the answer.
I can't just walk out on Tom.
My sister has her hair done at the hairdresser two or three times a week.
I traveled all through Spain.
Have you ever been to England?
I think you did a great job.
Why is Tom acting so stupid?
I think we have a good team.
Tom wrote to Mary this week.
I think this is pretty nice.
Tom wrote a song about Mary.
I think this is good for us.
Tom was wearing a gray suit.
I think this is a good rule.
Tom was really good at that.
I think things will be fine.
Tom was hired by us in 2013.
I think they'll all be fine.
Tom wanted to learn to swim.
I think they were all fired.
Tom told me to stay relaxed.
I think that was really bad.
Tom told Mary to just relax.
I think ours is much better.
Tom thinks Mary is an idiot.
I think that they were all fired.
You are all very nice people.
She is too young.
He is too young.
This is a common misspelling.
I think only time will tell.
Tom sent a telegram to Mary.
I think it's still worth it.
Tom seems to be pretty rich.
I think it's a terrible law.
Tom says he's healthy again.
I think it's a good project.
Tom says he can change that.
I think it'll turn out fine.
Tom says Mary should resign.
I think I'd be a good coach.
Tom said John is a good man.
I think I could still do it.
Tom promised to wait for us.
I thank you for the warning.
Tom might not be here today.
I ride the subway every day.
Tom married Mary's daughter.
I quit right then and there.
Tom isn't very good at this.
This is not a cat, it's a dog.
All toads are frogs, but not all frogs are toads.
Don't come here.
Here are the books.
I'm waiting for you here.
I will not die here.
Fire is very hot.
Ice is very cold.
Fire will burn you if you touch it.
Umbrellas are very useful when it's raining.
Umbrellas are useful when it's raining.
You need an umbrella when it's raining if you don't want to get wet.
I never want to do it again.
Tom isn't the only guy here.
I never thought I'd do that.
Tom is very easy to talk to.
I need to clarify one point.
Tom is trying to outdo Mary.
I need to be here right now.
Tom is trying to find a job.
I need some time for myself.
Tom is really good at chess.
I may not return until late.
Tom is probably really busy.
I love to make people laugh.
Tom is one of the good guys.
I love going to school here.
Tom is one of our employees.
I love all of you very much.
Tom is off to a rocky start.
I know why it was necessary.
Tom is off to a great start.
Very good!
Tom said Mary is a good mom.
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thank you."
"How are you?" "Fine, thanks."
"What's your name?" "My name's Tom."
Tom didn't want to cross the picket line.
You should've seen the movie last night.
Could you splice these two pieces of rope together for me?
There are some flowers around the castle.
When will you call?
What we know is a drop. What we don't know is an ocean.
Only after the last tree has been cut down, the last river has been poisoned and the last fish has been caught will you realize that money cannot be eaten.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary stays or not.
Turn off the lights and go to sleep.
She'll say everything and change nothing.
The water is not clean.
Józsika is in the garden.
Józsika is not in the house.
Grass now grows on the path that once led to the church.
Stand on the scale.
After his colonoscopy, Tom learned that he had cancer. The surgeon cut out and removed the part of his sigmoid colon in which a tumour had been growing, and with staples she fashioned a new splice from the two shorter and cut-through ends. Because of his good health, he healed quickly and after only three days was discharged from the hospital.
Before pouring cement mixture into forms for a foundation, the work crew securely place an armature of steel bars at a predetermined spacing in order to reinforce the finished building's hardened concrete. If a piece of steel is not long enough to span the required distance, the workers will overlap two pieces and tie them together to form a strong splice.
Was this man an enemy of the church?
His idea will radically alter our way of life.
If you don't wash your hand before working, you'll contaminate the samples.
Sir David Attenborough is the most well-known narrator in the world.
It is not uncommon for the government to subsidize agriculture.
She actually noticed me.
We're actually early.
I know what those guys want.
Tom is having a good summer.
I know what it takes to win.
Tom is going to be prepared.
I know that times are tough.
Tom is doing a terrific job.
I know that I won't like it.
Tom is definitely a big guy.
I know people think I'm odd.
Tom is a very personable guy.
I know people find that odd.
Tom is a talented young man.
I know it's not good enough.
Tom hasn't done a whole lot.
I know I'll never forget it.
Tom has no one to play with.
I just wanted it to be done.
Tom has been helping me out.
I just have to keep working.
Tom has a right to be upset.
Can he speak Spanish?
I ate five avocados.
There are lots of signs warning that they prosecute shoplifters.
I just have to deal with it.
Tom has a friend named Mary.
I hope you feel better soon.
Tom has a degree in finance.
I hope to see you next year.
Tom got attacked by a shark.
I haven't spoken to anybody.
Tom gives me lots of advice.
I have to obey my superiors.
Tom doesn't play basketball.
I have to make some changes.
Tom doesn't plan to give up.
I have no idea why I did it.
Tom does things his own way.
I have my doubts about that.
Tom died shortly afterwards.
I had a pretty good weekend.
Tom died a short time later.
I had a hard time saying no.
Tom died a few months later.
I am a decendant of Isreal's famous King David.
The doctors want to intensify the treatments.
The news will certainly devastate him.
My mother's mother is my only living grandparent.
She is a famous Philadelphia lawmaker.
The truth is not always welcome.
A majority of two thirds is required to ratify an overture.
The two systems are based on radically different principles.
The overture contains all of the main themes.
Performing the dissection will give you a better understanding of the internal anatomy.
The recent data has caused a reversal of expectations.
Asterisks are used in online roleplay to indicate an action or event.
Each antibody targets a specific bacteria or virus.
The localization team was made up of volunteers.
They made a raft by lashing pieces of driftwood together with vines.
Incoming!
I had shopped around for quite a while before I found a good deal.
He's charming and irresistible.
Tom is charming and irresistible.
Tom began to feel hot under the collar.
Mary began to feel hot under the collar.
The 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution was ratified in 1868.
The cerebral cortex is the brain's outer layer.
The cerebral cortex is made up of gray matter.
Tom's squirrel can smell hazelnuts from a mile away.
Tom's car is stuck in the snow.
My car has run out of gas.
Tom's car has run out of gas.
She made me promise not to tell.
Tom tried to thwart her plans.
Tom tried to thwart Mary's plans.
I won't let Tom thwart my plans.
Tom's car ran out of gas.
Don't worry. Tom won't let us down.
Mary went to an aerobic dance class.
The police constable arrested the teenager for shoplifting.
Reducing deforestation is one way to mitigate the impacts of climate change.
Desertion from the army was grounds for the death penalty.
More than medical students watched the dissection.
A Danish zoo killed a baby giraffe and invited the public to watch the dissection.
Tom is lonely and has no one to talk to.
Mary is lonely and has no one to talk to.
Tom is lonely and has no one to play with.
I have no one to play with.
Tom is lonely because he has no one to play with.
Tom has no one to play with, so he's lonely.
Tom was lonely and he wished he had someone to talk to.
Did you taste this cake?
Is that train fast?
That time has passed.
I had a friend die recently.
Tom didn't want to touch it.
I guess you don't read much.
Tom didn't want to be there.
I guess that's a good point.
Tom didn't identify himself.
I guess it was our bad luck.
Tom didn't have much to say.
I guess I'm not really sure.
Tom didn't even want to eat.
I gather it's not that hard.
Tom didn't appear concerned.
I fought as hard as I could.
Tom did a great job tonight.
I forgot what we were doing.
Tom claims to be a Canadian.
I finally opened up the box.
Tom can't do it all himself.
I felt that they were wrong.
Tom can afford to be choosy.
With adequate lighting, one can easily discern Nosferatu, with his pointed incisors and extremely long-limbed fingers, known as arachnodaktyly, from common vampires.
The workers have no country.
Mary's dreams were finally materializing.
Abandon all hope, you who enter here!
The inherent difficulty of quantifying prosperity complicates the question of which countries are most prosperous.
Every liberal movement for the equality of marginalized people internalizes the rhetoric that the people in power have used against them.
Tom declined to prosecute the person who stole from him, reasoning that the police and prison guards were far bigger criminals.
I feel real good about that.
Tom asked what you're doing.
I feel pretty good about it.
Tom and Mary were in charge.
I feel it's a waste of time.
Tom and Mary voted for John.
I feel bad for those people.
Tom and Mary are now dating.
I don't want to die in jail.
Tom and I are great friends.
I don't want to deceive you.
Tom already has our respect.
I don't want to buy a yacht.
I'm sure Tom regrets it now.
I don't want to be reminded.
I'm not sure what Tom means.
I don't want to be negative.
I'm not going to let Tom go.
I don't understand politics.
I'm not going to defend Tom.
I have had my driver's license since I was years old.
Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
Tom washed the apple before he ate it.
Tom has written a song about Mary.
I'm going to play tennis tomorrow.
I don't want to sound pessimistic.
Most Japanese eat rice every day.
What are you going to eat today?
Tom doesn't intend to give up.
It's too late to go there now.
Tom gives me a lot of advice.
It was hard for me to say no.
I need to make some changes.
I know Tom likes basketball.
I don't want to mislead you.
I haven't talked to anyone.
Why didn't they come back?
We played chess all night.
Why didn't Tom come back?
What time should we eat?
What'll you eat today?
We often played chess.
Tom plays tennis well.
Tom also plays tennis.
You play tennis well.
Tom promised to wait.
Who'll eat the rest?
I won't let Tom go.
I won't defend Tom.
Tom is eating now.
I'm eating cereal.
Tom won't eat it.
Sheep eat grass.
Let's tell the truth.
Let's speak out the truth.
Let's always tell each other the truth.
Let's never lie to each other.
You're all very nice people.
You said such horrible things to me.
I've said such horrible things to you.
Why would you say such horrible things?
I can't believe I said such horrible things to you.
I can't believe I said such horrible things to you. I'm sorry.
Tom said such horrible things to me.
Why would you say such an awful thing?
"Tom said such horrible things to me." "What horrible things, Mary?"
I said such horrible things to you.
I said such horrible things to you. I'm sorry.
I said such horrible things to him. I feel so awful.
You must not speak disrespectfully of the dead.
We must not speak disrespectfully of the dead.
I said such horrible things about her.
I said such horrible things about him.
I said such horrible things about Tom. I feel awful.
He said such awful things to me.
Tom said such awful things to me.
Tom told me that he was sorry that he had said such awful things to me.
Mary considered her answer carefully.
Mary considered her answer very carefully.
Tom considered his answer very carefully.
Tom considered his answer carefully.
Could Tom really have said such horrible things?
I said such dreadful things to him.
I said such dreadful things to her.
Did Tom really say such nasty things about me?
Please don't say such terrible things.
He never forgave me for it.
She never forgave me for it.
Tom never forgave me for it.
I am not ashamed to admit it.
I couldn't help crying.
I can't believe that Tom said such hateful things about Mary.
I'm sorry that I said such mean things about you and Tom.
They said such mean things about me.
How dare you say such things about me?
How dare you say such things about Tom?
Why do you say such horrible things about me?
May the best man or woman win.
No one had slept on that bed.
I believe that he'll arrive soon.
I didn't know that man was your friend.
When do you think you'll see him?
I know that he has always been loved by her.
Now that was a simplistic answer.
Did you show him that new book you bought?
Peter not only denied that he was Christ's disciple, but that he even knew him.
Tom liked it immediately.
Mary liked it immediately.
This company is a victim of its own success.
Tom went to a cheesemonger's shop to buy some cheese.
The state of Rio de Janeiro has declared a "state of public calamity".
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
Make a copy of your passport and leave the original in a safe at your hotel.
Don't leave your belongings unattended at the beach.
Don't leave your belongings unattended.
Never leave your drink unattended.
Don't accept drinks from strangers.
Avoid walking on the streets alone at night.
Don't keep all of your money in one pocket.
Mary's iPhone was stolen by a thief.
Tom's iPhone was stolen by pickpockets.
Pay attention to your surroundings.
Tom whipped out his cellphone to take a picture.
Tom was injured by a manhole cover explosion.
It was a traumatic experience.
I believe she'll arrive in a short time.
Everything will turn out fine.
When do you think that you'll see her?
I know that she has always been loved by him.
Kiribati is threatened by climate change.
Tom is similar in some ways to his father, but in others he's very different.
Tom didn't want to take over the family business.
Tom works at a local bike shop.
They were a match made in heaven.
Always pay attention to your surroundings.
Pay attention to your surroundings at all times.
Iceland beat England in the round of 16.
Tom is an art critic.
The event attracted more than people.
Tom poked the ant hill with a stick.
This small Pacific island nation is threatened by climate change.
Kiribati is a former British colony.
Everything is always on sale at this store.
George W. Bush was the worst president in American history.
Invading Iraq was the worst foreign policy decision ever made by an American president.
My wife is Palestinian.
My wife, the mother of my children, is Palestinian.
We've already been here for over an hour.
Some people just have hate in their hearts, and don't care who they hate, as long as they hate someone.
I don't think that's enough.
I'm happy with what Tom did.
I don't think I'll go today.
I'm happy that Tom is happy.
I don't think I deserved it.
I'm going to miss Tom a lot.
I don't take my job lightly.
I told you I don't know Tom.
I don't look at it that way.
I told Tom to keep fighting.
I don't like golf that much.
I thought Tom would do well.
I don't know who started it.
I thought Tom did very well.
I don't know what you think.
I think Tom is about to cry.
I don't know what we can do.
I spent half a day with Tom.
I don't know what caused it.
I know it's not Tom's fault.
That water tastes good.
That bird doesn't fly.
That water is very pure.
I promise that I'll read this book.
I don't know how it happens.
I know it isn't Tom's fault.
I don't have a contract yet.
I don't know much about Tom.
I don't expect you to reply.
I didn't want Tom to resign.
I don't ever plan to retire.
I didn't say I believed Tom.
I don't care about the cost.
I asked Tom what he thought.
I didn't want to work there.
I actually feel bad for Tom.
I didn't want to mess it up.
You can ask Tom about that.
I didn't want to give it up.
Why is Tom acting so crazy?
I didn't want to be a freak.
What's different about Tom?
I didn't think it was right.
Tom's rights were violated.
The gift card read: "To my darling wife, Happy Anniversary! Love, Tom."
The police found a note next to the dead woman's body: "To my family, forgive me."
A lot has happened since then.
Pickpockets often work in groups.
Pickpockets almost always work in groups.
I didn't know who they were.
Tom's performance was good.
I didn't know what I wanted.
Tom's parents were baffled.
I didn't go there by myself.
Tom's parents died in 2013.
I didn't expect a job offer.
Tom's parents believed him.
I can only do what I can do.
Tom's had a very good year.
I can help you through this.
Tom's condition is unknown.
I believe the answer is yes.
Tom would be a good choice.
I believe that's a bad sign.
Tom will want to know more.
I believe that we can do it.
Tom will do it his own way.
I assume it was an accident.
Tom will be back next year.
Who's taking you home?
NASA's Juno spacecraft has entered into orbit around Jupiter.
The principal goal of NASA's Juno mission is to understand the origin and evolution of Jupiter.
Jupiter is a giant planet.
Juno will measure the amount of water and ammonia in Jupiter's atmosphere.
Juno will map Jupiter's gravitational and magnetic fields.
By mapping Jupiter's gravitational and magnetic fields, Juno will reveal the planet's interior structure and measure the mass of the core.
Juno will determine the global structure and motions of Jupiter's atmosphere below the cloud tops for the first time.
Juno will directly sample the charged particles and magnetic fields near Jupiter's poles for the first time­.
Juno will provide the first close look at Jupiter's poles.
The overall goal of the Juno mission is to improve our understanding of the solar system by understanding the origin and evolution of Jupiter.
The answer is anything but simple.
I always knew I could do it.
Tom will be back next week.
Tom was the first to speak.
I actually kind of liked it.
Tom was one of the victims.
I've worked extremely hard.
Tom was obviously not busy.
I've told you what I think.
Tom treats me like a queen.
I've told them all to come.
Tom told me the same thing.
I've only been here a week.
Tom told me I should leave.
I've never understood this.
Tom told me I had to leave.
I've never even shot a gun.
Tom speaks like an old man.
I've never attacked anyone.
Tom should be OK by Monday.
Formal written English avoids contractions, such as you're, won't, and can't.
This isn't a bug, its an undocumented enhancement.
I don't understand how a teacher can tolerate being around preschoolers all day.
His affection was materializing in the worst possible way.
I infrequently purchase fast food, but I'm not proud of it.
I won't be able to go travelling until the requisite visa fees are paid.
Quantifying public opinion is often the first step to solving an important problem.
This child is likely lashing out because his father went out for a pack of cigarettes and never came back.
Broadcasting everything in Tweets definitely streamlines the presidential debates.
I'll answer any question, as long as it pertains to Rampart.
Nevermore!
This project is more than two years behind schedule.
The project is more than two years behind schedule.
Obesity rates around the world are rising.
Tom is a clean freak.
Tom has been friends with Mary for a long time.
Mary said that it was a mistake and that she would not do it again.
Tom said that it was a mistake and that he would not do it again.
No one should be above the law.
That made me think of you.
I don't think preschoolers should be watching that much TV.
Are you requesting an enhancement or reporting an error?
I come here infrequently. I usually shop across the street.
The car had the requisite tail fins that you would expect from that era.
You will have to incubate the eggs artificially.
Some states select primary candidates by caucus, while others hold an election.
Those are particularly colorful murals.
That observation pertains to you, too.
I don't want to contaminate the clean glasses by taking them out of the dishwasher.
It's hard to splice the two fragments together.
That sentence doesn't pertain to you.
She was the youngest descendant of the king.
In his hand, lead became gold.
Don't you have the second volume of that work?
The fruit from this tree is sweeter than the fruit from that one.
I've heard that one before.
Tom served days in jail.
I've got other commitments.
Tom seems to be doing fine.
I've done this a long time.
Tom says he's not done yet.
I've done that all my life.
Tom says he's disappointed.
I've done research on this.
Tom said his back was sore.
I've been really fortunate.
Tom said he wasn't so sure.
I've been pretty fortunate.
Tom said he was very upset.
I've been on a strict diet.
Tom said he likes the idea.
I've been here long enough.
Tom said he liked the idea.
I've been here a long time.
Tom really had a good year.
How was the error observed?
I'm the one in charge of this group.
This girl's eyes are blue.
I like the color of this shirt.
I like the color of this car.
The author of this book is dead.
The water of this spring is pure.
The water of this sea is black.
The water of this lake is red.
The water of this ocean is cold.
The streets of this city are wide.
The streets of this city are narrow.
The president of this country is eloquent.
The fruit of this tree is good.
When Mary entered the kitchen, the floor was covered in water.
Why does everyone think Tom is the father of Mary's child?
Tom wrestled with Mary.
Were you ever in Kairo?
"Where are my glasses?" "There, where you left them."
The labs are closed today.
Let me eat in peace, please.
There are four bedrooms in my house.
I'm afraid of the policemen.
Frogs eat flies.
Sometimes I don't understand you.
You lost a lot of blood.
What happened to the car?
You wash your lettuce.
She washes lettuce.
He washes lettuce.
We wash lettuce.
They wash lettuce.
I'm not ordering sandwiches for them.
You wash my lettuce.
He washes my lettuce.
They think he's not right for the assignment.
They think he's not the right man for the job.
The boy slept eight hours.
The horses eat grass.
She eats now.
Television has a great deal of influence on society.
The sheep eat grass.
They ate in the restaurant.
They could afford to eat in the restaurant.
Four Colombians were imprisoned in São Paulo.
I've been doing that a lot.
Tom pretended to be sleepy.
I've always been confident.
Tom obviously wasn't happy.
I'm still lonely sometimes.
Tom may even be having fun.
I'm really, really excited.
Tom lived a good long life.
I'm pretty tired right now.
Tom knows it won't be easy.
I'm pretty certain of that.
Tom knows he can do better.
I'm obviously disappointed.
Tom knew what he had to do.
I'm not sure who they were.
Tom isn't very charismatic.
I'm not sure it's worth it.
Tom isn't that type of guy.
I'm not real proud of that.
Tom isn't even on the team.
With an area of seventy-five hectares, our botanic garden encompasses about four thousand plant species.
He said to me: "Children are like small animals."
Tom was lonely and wished he had someone to talk to.
Tom says that he doesn't want to eat anything.
I'm tired of always listening to the same kind of music.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat anything.
I haven't done any of the things you've asked me to do.
I really hope that Tom will come back.
This isn't my umbrella. It belongs to someone else.
Tom told me he wants to go to Boston.
It'll be difficult to glue the two pieces together.
Tom said he knew that I would come.
I think we are much better off than we used to be.
Tom lived with us for three months.
I'd like to study with you tonight, but I can't.
Tom seems to be happy and excited.
Would you like to go mountain climbing with us?
Tom knows that he'll be punished.
I didn't do any of the things you said I did.
I took the wheels off Tom's bike.
What kind of music do you like listening to?
I still think that Tom will win.
I hope someone famous sings one of my songs.
I met up with Tom earlier today.
I don't think that I want to go to college.
Tom spoke with Mary last night.
I don't like the tie that you're wearing.
I expect that Tom will do more.
I think that it'll start raining soon.
Tom was here before sunrise.
There are many books on this subject.
Tom turned and glared at me.
Tom said that he feels good.
My father won't allow me to do that.
I just hope Tom doesn't win.
I've done this several times before.
I got Tom to buy it for me.
Please come to our office any time.
Tom wouldn't talk to Mary.
It's no longer possible to do that.
Tom was very influential.
I have traveled all over Australia.
Tom worked in Australia.
Would you like to sit on my knee?
It's cold this morning, isn't it?
Are you going to go with us, too?
I had hoped to see Tom.
Why do you even care about this?
I've already started to do that.
Tom drank from my cup.
I'm glad that I still live here.
Tom breakfasted alone.
I don't know what's in this box.
Tom wants my help.
What do you really want to say?
Tom lived with us.
I think this is a good project.
The food was nearly inedible.
She is eating now.
Now you're speaking in riddles.
He teaches maths as well as English.
Brazil borders ten countries as well as the Atlantic Ocean.
Optimist is another word for idiot.
Tom stretched out on a beach towel.
The whole family went to the beach.
Mary stretched out on her beach towel and fell asleep.
This is as far as I go.
Tom stretched out on the sofa and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the floor and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the couch and fell asleep.
Tom stretched out on the grass and fell asleep.
Tom turned on the TV, stretched out on the bed, and fell asleep.
What colour is the book?
The book is black.
The book is blue.
The book is yellow.
The book is green.
The book is brown.
The book is orange.
The book is violet.
The book is pink.
The book is tan.
The sun is yellow.
What colour is the apple?
The apple is red and yellow.
The orange is orange.
The violet is violet.
The horse is white.
The pen is white.
Tom waved his arms to get Mary's attention.
She waved her arms in hopes of getting his attention.
Let's build a castle in the sand.
Let's build a sandcastle.
She got used to drinking beer.
She was accustomed to drinking beer.
She was used to drinking beer.
Our husbands are Polish.
I'm not one of those folks.
Tom isn't a very smart man.
I'm not going to deny that.
Tom is very good at sports.
I'm never going to give up.
Tom is still a little sore.
I'm never going to do that.
Tom is part of the problem.
I'm just playing it by ear.
Tom is keeping his promise.
I'm just here to do my job.
Tom is being blamed for it.
I'm happy the game is over.
Tom is an excellent singer.
I'm going to need a sponge.
Tom is a very good drummer.
I'm going to keep on going.
Tom hasn't found a job yet.
I'm going to have some fun.
Tom has waited a long time.
Tom has waited long enough.
I'll never be as good as him.
I'll never be as good as Tom.
I'll never be as good as her.
I'll never be as good as Mary.
You'll never be as good as him.
You'll never be as good as her.
You'll never be as good as Tom.
You'll never be as good as Mary.
The only one who knows for sure is Tom.
The only ones who know for sure are Tom and Mary.
The only one who knows for sure is Mary.
Mary is the only one who knows for sure.
I'm going to give it a try.
Tom has some advice for us.
I'm going to fix it myself.
Tom has been very selfish.
I'm glad we didn't do that.
Tom has been married twice.
I'm friends with everybody.
Tom has a much better idea.
I'm feeling very confident.
Tom grew up in the Midwest.
I'm disappointed and angry.
Tom grew up in foster care.
I'm convinced we can do it.
Tom got off to a bad start.
I'm able to do what I want.
Tom gave us what we needed.
I'm a little bit of a slob.
Tom explained his decision.
I'm a bit pressed for time.
Tom doesn't like punk rock.
No need to explain.
We can't do it without you.
You'll never be as good as me.
I'll never be as good as you.
I love karaoke.
Tom is being very selfish.
I took the most important events from the chronology of information science and wrote a few words about each one.
But you don't know. Nobody can comprehend what it feels like to be old.
Perhaps he's even waiting at the station right now.
All things change, and we also change with them.
Your homework for each class will be to review the day's lesson and to prepare for the next one.
I'll write about this.
The eggs are incubated by the female for days.
The female then incubates the clutch of two pinkish eggs.
Do they sell flowers at this store?
There are apples in this box.
Don't bathe in this water.
There are many snakes in this forest.
There are many wild animals in this forest.
You should incubate your bacterial culture at degrees.
There are giant snakes in this forest.
The clutch of eggs is incubated by both sexes.
I could see nothing good in this city.
Both my father and my brother work in this factory.
Tom won the Iowa caucus but did not become president.
Who is so hard-hearted that he is not moved by this film?
Tom led the small opposition caucus in parliament.
That person is elected by the majority party caucus.
He was elected chairman of the caucus in 2002.
They held each other tight.
You've already had breakfast, haven't you?
This child internalizes his emotions and does not express them.
If the people cannot use elections to drag a dictator down from power, they'll have no choice but to obey him.
In the early 1990s, the insurgency became more intense.
The mayor was killed in an ambush during the height of the insurgency.
Tom headed a guerrilla insurgency against French colonial rule.
They hugged each other.
The specimen was caught in a pitfall trap sunk in the ground.
The police undertook exhaustive searches but failed to find the body.
Over time, wave action undercuts sea cliffs and thereby causes them to fall into the ocean.
I'll definitely buy ticket.
Tom doesn't give up easily.
I'll be better in a minute.
Tom died in of cancer.
I'll be back in touch soon.
Tom died half a year later.
I'd much rather be at home.
Tom died a half year later.
I'd like to be on the team.
Tom died a few years later.
I'd like a house like this.
Tom died a few weeks later.
I wouldn't put it that way.
Tom died a few hours later.
I would never hurt a child.
Tom didn't say it was easy.
I work out every other day.
Tom didn't say a whole lot.
I won't lend you any money.
Tom didn't have a good day.
Tom thought about enlisting after being approached by an army recruiter.
Many caregivers suffer from depression.
He grew up poor, so he's used to deprivation.
Let's all take a step back and think.
Why is the cat scared of the doll?
Tom has just finished setting up.
From within her wrinkle furrowed face two alert and inquisitive eyes looked at me.
Cows are grazing in the meadow.
Mary stretched out on a lounge chair besides the pool.
The blood drained from Tom's face.
The blood quickly drained from her face.
Tom is a ski bum.
He woke up from his sleep.
I am waiting for the storm to blow over.
I wish we hadn't done that.
Tom didn't demand anything.
I wish I'd never done that.
Tom did a lot of traveling.
I wear shorts all the time.
Tom did a great job for us.
I wasn't trying to be hero.
Tom bet on the wrong horse.
I was young and crazy once.
Tom and Mary met in Boston.
I was very happy with that.
Tom and Mary did just that.
I was really proud of that.
Tom and I had a great time.
I was really mad at myself.
Tom admitted he used drugs.
I was really happy with it.
This is a question for Tom.
I was knocked on the floor.
I'm sorry to see Tom leave.
We still have one more place to go.
Sorry, I had completely forgotten about it.
Serve well chilled.
Where did you find this picture?
You must wait for the next bus.
You have to wait for the next bus.
The president of Tanzania was on a state visit to Finland in together with his wife.
I'll surely have nightmares after this movie.
I'll have a cup of coffee, please.
I often long for home.
I often yearn for home.
I feel naked without accessories.
My German teacher comes from Bayern.
He didn't find what he was looking for.
My sister-in-law invited me to lunch in their new house.
We got a flat.
Why are you accusing me?
Are you trying to speak with that person?
Is taking photographs permitted in that building?
Hopefully it will rain tomorrow.
Hopefully no one will protest.
Hopefully he won't notice anything!
Hopefully I won't get sick!
Hopefully the weather will be good.
Hopefully it will not rain this evening.
Hopefully, it won't rain this evening.
Hopefully, it'll rain tomorrow.
I was awake the whole time.
I'm not mad at Tom anymore.
I was a little bit nervous.
I wonder how Tom found out.
I want to be a good father.
I was really happy for Tom.
I thought that was so cool.
I told Tom to take it easy.
I thought it was very good.
I told Tom to study harder.
I thought it was very cool.
I told Tom to keep working.
I thought it was a mistake.
I think Tom should help us.
I thought I could get more.
I think Tom made a mistake.
I think times are changing.
I like Tom a lot, you know.
I think they'll understand.
I enjoyed my time with Tom.
All that I can say to you is at this moment, I know nothing.
I think it's a dumb theory.
Tom wrote a song for Mary.
I suspect they're all gone.
Tom was very mean to Mary.
I need to get back to work.
Tom was able to handle it.
I live right down the road.
Tom told Mary to get lost.
I know it'll be impossible.
Tom says Mary is to blame.
I just want to play tennis.
Tom said he liked my idea.
I hope you're doing OK now.
Tom said he called the police.
I don't want to retire yet.
Tom learned a lot tonight.
I don't think we're losing.
Tom is one of our clients.
I don't think we need that.
Tom is a very serious guy.
You are really smart.
The world would be so much better if it were run by people like me.
The world would be so much better off if it were run by people like me.
Was there something you wanted me to say?
Tom suffers from a skin lesion on his back.
Tom spent much of the year working as a staffer on Mary's Senate campaign.
Have fun being misunderstood then.
The eggs are incubating under the mother bird.
The cat doesn't like the dog.
The girl likes the dog.
The cat is happy.
The boy likes walking around the soap shop.
The boy likes walking around the sofa store.
The boy likes walking along the street.
I don't think it'll happen.
Tom is a very mean person.
I don't think I'll make it.
Tom is a very kind person.
I don't see that happening.
Tom is a part of the team.
Tom has a very long beard.
This is reasonably priced.
Tom didn't go to the bank.
I've got a lot more to do.
Tom did a really nice job.
I'm sure it was a mistake.
I thought Tom had seen me.
I'm ready to get out of here.
I think Tom recognized me.
I'm obligated to fix this.
I sure hope that Tom wins.
I'm glad you didn't do it.
I heard Tom was in Boston.
Pardon me!
I don't actually work here.
She speaks Esperanto and Portuguese.
I have to take an exam.
The boy likes to walk in the city.
As so often happens in localization, part of the original meaning of the game was lost.
If you go looking for trouble, you'll find it.
The boy likes to walk around the sombrero shop.
It is advisable to take the train.
The bite isn't very deep.
Don't get me involved in this.
We have to update our teaching methods.
The water from this river runs into the sea.
Everybody makes mistakes. That's why they put erasers on pencils.
I didn't realize that you were feeling so bad.
What bus do I need to take to get to the airport?
I'm glad they're doing it.
Why does Tom lie so much?
I'm feeling a lot of pain.
Tom was replaced by Mary.
I'd never come here again.
Tom was killed in action.
I trust absolutely no one.
Tom seems to be doing OK.
I think that'll be enough.
Tom is a person I admire.
I retired three years ago.
Tom is a normal teenager.
I know it'll take a while.
Tom has always been fair.
I just want a fresh start.
Tom doesn't like fishing.
I don't need one of those.
Tom didn't disappoint us.
I couldn't help but smile.
Tom and I are very close.
The boy likes to walk to town.
The cat is chasing after the squirrel.
The food has gone cold.
Tom frequently downloads movies.
When water boils, it turns into steam.
They ate at a restaurant.
I'll wash my apple.
She's a little devil.
What do you think of girls who become kissaholics when drunk?
Losing a battle doesn't mean losing the war!
I have lived in many houses and slept in many beds throughout my life.
Feminists have no sense of humour.
I am taking a dance class.
I lived in happiness.
I take solace in his words.
These look nice.
This band defines Korean screamo.
Organic matter is formed by large molecules.
She said she would arrive in more minutes, but she still hasn't come.
Please don't ask me that.
Let's ask Tom about that.
I've read a lot of books.
Tom was very mean to me.
Tom was such a cute kid.
I'm so glad they're here.
Tom told me to sit down.
I'm in no hurry to leave.
Tom should've said more.
I'm in no hurry to do it.
Tom said that wasn't so.
I'm heavier than you are.
Tom said he's not alone.
I'm glad someone told me.
Tom said I made him cry.
I'm glad no one was hurt.
Tom plans on doing that.
I'm feeling a bit queasy.
Tom may need to do that.
What a beautiful painting. Who gave it to you?
It's about time to sleep.
I feel like I'll never catch up to Tom, even if it takes a whole lifetime.
Tom has been apologizing too much lately. It makes me feel sorry for him.
I've always had this on my mind, but what is Tom majoring in?
I want to text, but my eyes hurt.
You don't have to reply today.
I'm in no hurry to do that.
Tom doesn't let people into his house.
I take it.
I take him.
He doesn't have money to buy himself a new car.
She doesn't have money to buy herself a new car.
I don't have time to travel.
I thought it was strange.
Tom is someone I admire.
I hope what I did helped.
Tom is one of my heroes.
I don't work on weekends.
Tom is happy to be home.
I didn't want to give up.
Tom is far from perfect.
It's time to start over.
Tom is an honorable man.
I'm a little overweight.
Tom has written a novel.
I'll be ready on Monday.
Tom has an older sister.
I won't go to Australia.
Tom has a way with kids.
I was lucky to be there.
Tom has a very good job.
I want people to see it.
Tom didn't tell me this.
Our task is to repair a wall.
ERROR: No body text!
I always thought that suffering a heart attack was an omen of death.
You are not actually an idiot.
I must eat slowly.
You didn't need to eat quickly.
The three big men eat.
Joan runs in the city.
Joan is running in the city.
If people weren't such jerks, maybe we'd all be better off.
I've got the most ideas, and I've got the best ideas.
The locomotive was offered for sale but it was later scrapped, as no purchaser was found.
You didn't need to eat so quickly.
I was wandering mindlessly.
Tom secretly attempted to frustrate Mary's plans.
Use of such divisive language tends to polarize the public.
"When does Tom start?" - "He is in the thick of it. With him everything happens quickly"
"I can't, but I'm supposed to!" - "You have to!" - "I'm not allowed to!"
Forced work is pointless: I attract them with decent pay.
What I don't take, another will - the world has always been that way.
Why are you giving me such a scornful look?
How much does this hobby cost you?
The young woman was so beautiful, that even the devil wanted to marry her.
Now is not the time for half measures: it's all or nothing!
Tom is a longtime sufferer of migraines.
The sufferer of a cold may have spread the virus even before they noticed any symptoms.
You will find other speakers here who may help you.
Treatment in those days consisted of easing pain and making the sufferer as comfortable as possible.
Lingua Franca Nova is free for all to use.
The book is now available.
Lingua Franca Nova is an international auxiliary language created by Dr C. George Boeree and perfected by many supporters of the language.
Boeree began work on LFN in 1965, with the goal of creating a simple language. He was inspired by reading about Lingua Franca, a pidgin used around the Mediterranean sea in centuries past.
Most of the consonants are pronounced like those in English.
You'll never be as famous as Tom.
I tried to stay focused.
Tom didn't much like it.
I hope no one gets hurt.
Tom didn't like it much.
I feel like a kid again.
I'm glad you helped Tom.
I don't have to do that.
I gave Tom many chances.
I didn't finish the job.
Tom is a very sick man.
This is such a mistake.
Tom is a real good guy.
The cake was delicious.
Tom intends to do that.
I've never shot anyone.
Tom has questions, too.
I've got so much to do.
I think Tom will do OK.
I pay my bills on time.
Tom said he has to go.
I barely remember anything.
All my friends have children.
Tom is at least a foot taller than Mary.
Tom came to class in his pajamas.
Not all Muslims are Arabs.
Tom works for a tech company in Silicon Valley.
Mary is obsessed with fashion.
Tom often posts motivational quotes on Facebook.
Luxury goods are not essential.
I didn't know Tom was famous when we started dating.
Tom was very understanding.
Mary was very understanding.
I only did it for the money.
Money is a good servant but a bad master.
To be clever enough to get all that money, one must be stupid enough to want it.
Take care of the pence, for the pounds will take care of themselves.
Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
Old people remember what interests them: the dates fixed for their lawsuits, and the names of their debtors and creditors.
Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one. If it satisfies one want, it doubles and trebles that want another way. That was a true proverb of the wise man, rely upon it: "Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure, and trouble therewith."
Money often costs too much.
Penny saved is a penny got.
Money is the fruit of evil as often as the root of it.
He's only in it for the money.
Tom is only in it for the money.
She's only in it for the money.
They're only in it for the money.
The emerald ash borer has killed more than a hundred million ash trees across North America.
I never plan to retire.
Tom may be having fun.
I hope this plan works.
Tom is now in trouble.
I had a busy day today.
Tom is back in prison.
I described what I saw.
Tom is a good fighter.
I've never shot a gun.
Tom can't do it alone.
I'm really very sorry.
Tom told me to leave.
I want to be the best.
Tom was a great guy.
I know it's important.
Tom isn't very tall.
I have no backup plan.
I'm glad Tom was OK.
I don't have a garden.
I know Tom loves me.
This botanical garden has an amazing bonsai collection.
Tom and Mary walked through the arboretum.
Tom always keeps a pencil behind his ear.
Would you please make it for me?
Do you know how to make a grilled cheese sandwich?
Tom was devastated, but didn't lose hope.
This table is made out of salvaged wood.
This table is made out of recycled wood.
This desk is made out of reclaimed wood.
Mary is in a meeting.
This lamp stand is made from driftwood.
Tom stared at the lava lamp for hours.
Tom declined to do an interview.
This is a direct quote.
I've got a lot to do.
Tom was very mean.
I'm still just a kid.
I asked Tom why.
Mary was the first woman to hold a statewide office in any state in the country.
Tom successfully carried the state with nearly sixty percent of the total statewide vote.
The school was ranked tenth out of three hundred high schools statewide.
I'm sorry. I was only joking.
I'm sorry. It was only meant as a harmless prank.
The project was a failure, but it did pave the way for the success of later efforts.
The city began to pave streets in 1910.
The fans have air horns that they blow every time their team scores.
Your passport does not, in itself, entitle you to enter this country.
The capybara is the world's largest rodent.
Participation in a strike does not entitle the employer to terminate the employee's contract of employment.
A heavy load is causing the plank to sag in the middle.
The party's candidate began to sag in the polls.
Is Tom a Canadian?
I feel fit.
Tom doesn't do much.
I feel sad.
Tom had a lot to do.
I got stabbed.
I like Tom very much.
I ate a banana.
Tom knew I was ready.
I kept my cool.
What else did Tom do?
I need a bucket.
When did Tom do that?
I'm still a kid.
Did Tom give you that?
I feel confident.
Is Tom in any trouble?
I felt terrified.
Tom arrived on Monday.
Wasn't that nice?
You did the right thing by telling us.
He's reading a novel.
She's reading a novel.
Médus knocks on the door.
Médus is knocking on the door.
There is a bird in the sky.
I'll have some letters to write.
I have to write some letters.
Shouldn't this steel be tempered?
No one told us.
Unfortunately, no one told us.
This steel should not be tempered.
This steel must not be tempered.
This steel bar must be tempered.
His body was never recovered.
Has the body not been recovered yet?
Her body was never recovered.
Has this metal just been tempered?
Does this metal absolutely have to be tempered?
This metal absolutely must be tempered.
This metal has just been tempered.
People don't always act rationally.
Tom's family rarely eat together.
Mary is mad about sport.
I'm going to Boston in the spring.
I'll go to Boston in the spring.
You will wash an apple.
Supernatural beings exist.
I wash my apples.
The cat has just stuck it's claw in my arm.
Where do you cook?
Where does she cook?
Where does he cook?
Tom already has our permission.
Whoever heard of anything like that?
Italians don't give up easily.
I was eating some strawberries.
Jean eats a banana.
Jean is eating a banana.
Tom gave Mary a banana.
If you want to throw your life's accomplishments away, that's your prerogative, but I'm staying right here where I'll be safe from your lunacy.
Let's try to change this sentence.
Now let's try to change this sentence.
When did they fine you?
Let's let Tom speak.
He laughs because the film is funny.
He's laughing because the film is funny.
I drink his beer.
I drink her beer.
This new law will apply statewide.
That is unequivocally one of the worst ideas I have ever heard.
That is without a doubt one of the worst ideas I have ever heard.
You sold some apples at the market.
If Congress ever ratifies that law, we are all doomed.
She sold some apples at the market.
May I have a shilling, sir?
He sold some apples at the market.
This utterly discredits him as a scientist.
You used to sell some apples at the market.
Whenever Tom did poorly, his father would exclaim that it was an embarrassment to the family.
There are many theories as to what caused the fall and fragmentation of the Roman Empire.
Stay in the garden, then!
The salt cellar is on the table.
We have to try to do away with the stigma behind many of society's ills. Shaming will only make things worse.
The salt cellar will be on the table.
You may be rich, but that doesn't entitle you to act like a jerk.
Pass me the salt cellar!
Our software is proprietary.
The salt cellar was on the table.
Why don't I have a friend like that?
The politician tried to woo corporate interests, but as he was still an insignificant figure on the political scene, they weren't interested.
I need to learn.
I have to learn.
I tried to woo his sister, but she didn't want me.
Mashing potatoes with your non-dominant hand is hard, but good practice for becoming ambidextrous.
The trees are big.
If you want to become ambidextrous, try brushing your teeth with your non-dominant hand. It'll be hard at first, but you'll get used to it in no time.
The trees are tall.
Where was the black cat?
Where can the black cat be?
We're all riding our bikes.
Shall I keep you informed?
This place has unusually large number of subdivisions.
Shall I keep you up-to-date?
New York is so big, even its subdivisions have subdivisions!
I think that wine is good.
I think this wine is good.
Goodbye, I'll come back tomorrow.
You're at the station.
The birdsong was pleasant.
I'm in the countryside.
You're in the countryside.
I had forgotten these photos.
I came out really badly in this photo.
Shameful!
As far as I know, there is a lesson this evening.
Haven't you washed the plates yet?
I won't wash the plates.
Haven't you washed the dishes yet?
I won't wash the dishes.
We don't wash the plates.
We don't wash the dishes.
Is she sure?
You don't live in my neighbourhood.
She doesn't live in my neighbourhood.
The wine is good.
I adore your daughter.
I adore his daughter.
I adore her daughter.
Turn off the water!
At home we only speak Spanish.
That's what I was about to say.
Does it seem that difficult?
Marie believes in life before death.
Do you understand Hungarian?
Turn off the water.
Tom grew up on a farm.
I didn't go there.
Tom kept himself busy.
I felt pretty bad.
Tom may need our help.
I guess it's time.
What else did Tom eat?
I often wear blue.
You can't replace Tom.
I'm hoping to win.
I'm with Tom right now.
I'm not going out.
Maybe Tom will help us.
I'm old-fashioned.
Tom got on his bicycle.
It's a great song.
What else did Tom want?
I don't feel angry.
I asked Tom to be quiet.
I feel lucky today.
I don't want to open the window.
Who can work out the adverbial form of that verb?
There are lots of fonts to choose from.
Can you help me to work out the adverbial forms of all these verbs?
Can you help me to work out the adverbial forms of these verbs?
What is the adverbial form of this verb?
A really lovely story!
I've found an apartment.
I don't think it's a big problem.
I was startled when I saw it.
I was startled when I saw him.
I guessed.
I forgot to phone her today.
I forgot to phone him today.
I planted a tree.
I've planted a tree.
I'm about to have lunch.
What is the difference between a lightning bolt and a lightning flash?
The seller weighs the cheese on the copper scales.
I've received an invitation to dinner with him and his family.
Sometimes courage is more valuable than caution.
Do you think we suit each other?
The violets adorn my kitchen windows.
Is there someone waiting for you at home?
Thank you all very much!
He immediately left us.
We met up last winter.
He left in a rush.
They took away my daughter.
History can not do without the past.
You took the umbrella.
People are very hospitable here.
The bookshop is so disorganized that I can't find the book I'm looking for.
It quickly healed.
It's been switched.
I did it at the last minute.
Sorry, I didn't want to scare you.
You need a holiday.
I hate the politicians of the world who put their personal interests before those of their country.
You just need to read this book.
After you get home, you'll prepare dinner.
He told me that there was someone who wanted to see me.
As I was tired, I went home.
I have rarely laughed so much.
I know Tom will do that.
I feel worse today.
I was really mad at Tom.
I panicked and ran.
Is Tom better than Mary?
I still have a job.
Tom has gone home early.
I'm still in shape.
Tom rarely eats at home.
I bought some bread.
Do you still believe Tom?
I do a lot of stuff.
I know Tom will be ready.
I felt pretty happy.
Is Tom still dating Mary?
I had a lot of hope.
Tom died a few weeks ago.
I just got a tattoo.
Tom eats only white meat.
I just kept my cool.
Tom isn't very good at cooking.
It's time for me to go to bed.
You don't have to answer today.
It seems like the book store is also closing late.
What a beautiful painting. Who did you get it from?
Sorry, I hit the send button by accident.
He laid down in the grass.
Is it too little?
I'm sure she won't come and meet you.
You are really aggressive.
You are really energetic.
If you take a child outside and point at the moon, they will look at the moon. If you do the same thing with a dog, it will look at your finger.
A nurse came and gave me bread and coffee, but the bread was dry and the coffee tasted soapy.
The poor are not those who have little but rather those who need much.
He pooped everywhere.
I drink a soft drink.
Er...
Hmm...
Tom is a cancer survivor.
I took a wrong turn.
Tom is a former champion.
Let me eat in peace.
Tom is a yoga enthusiast.
Let's focus on that.
Tom is an amateur golfer.
I don't write poetry.
Tom is an avid fisherman.
I had no backup plan.
Tom is now legally blind.
I'm glad that's done.
Tom isn't seeking asylum.
I'm heavier than you.
Tom says Mary has a cold.
I'm very fond of you.
Do you feel sorry for Tom?
It's a difficult job.
I asked Tom what he meant.
Why are you offended?
Did you know I was going to be fired?
Nobody tells the truth. Vote for Nobody.
Nobody tells the truth.
No one seems to be telling the truth.
I don't think Tom is telling the truth.
I wonder if Tom is telling the truth.
Nobody tells the truth anymore.
I get the feeling that no one here is telling us the truth.
I have enough!
Don't change a winning team.
Nothing is wrong with Tom.
I couldn't rent a car.
Please let Tom do his job.
I think that's a hoax.
Tom didn't like that idea.
I want something else.
Tom doesn't seem to agree.
I won't stay with you.
Tom gave me a few dollars.
The pie was delicious.
Tom may not need our help.
I don't understand art.
Tom says he's ready to go.
I love that restaurant.
Tom's father was a pastor.
I'm no longer a rookie.
Tom's mother died in 2013.
We got on the same bus.
What will Tom and Mary do?
I guess it's time to go.
Tom was arrested on unspecified charges.
This wildcard character stands for an unspecified symbol.
In 1700, the king died at age of unspecified causes.
The town had three lumber mills, four shingle mills, and a gristmill.
Today the lighthouse is open as a visitor attraction, and it is popular for its good view of the shingle beach.
The house has two floors and a wood shingle roof.
Investigators foiled a plot to hijack an airplane.
Which university do you want to get into?
Thanks, Tom. You're actually the only one who tells me that.
June fifth is World Environment Day.
If God had listened to my prayer, my boss would be working for me now.
Where was Tom last Monday?
I have to get some milk.
Call me when Tom gets home.
I'm a bit old-fashioned.
How long can Tom stay here?
We were on the same bus.
I asked Tom where Mary was.
We're located in Boston.
I can see why Tom is upset.
Frankly, I don't like it.
I don't expect Tom to help.
I heard a loud explosion.
I have nothing to give Tom.
I heard a noise upstairs.
I hope Tom doesn't do that.
I shouldn't say anything.
I saw Tom get on the train.
I'd be happy to join you.
I speak to Tom quite often.
The smell was unpleasant.
Tom wants to marry Marie.
It's OK to take a picture from the outside.
We were planting trees.
There's no reason to fix something that isn't broken.
Meg was the only girl wearing jeans.
This paper doesn't absorb ink.
I'll have the meal ready by o'clock.
With these grades you can continue on to college.
I'm sorry, I don't think I can.
It's not important!
Many consider Italian to be the world's most beautiful language.
How much do the oranges cost?
It would be nice if you could come.
I am never home on Sundays.
Can you keep quiet?
The table wobbles because its legs are unequal length.
Leaving the flashlight turned on depletes its batteries.
The weather forecaster predicts sunny weather tomorrow.
The flood waters will devastate the nearby town.
Her new statement is a reversal of her previous position.
The tsunami obliterates everything in its path.
Let's randomize the order of the images in the slideshow.
I'm very worried about Tom.
We didn't argue about it.
Nobody knew Tom was coming.
Why are you two fighting?
Tom could've hurt me worse.
Guess how much it cost me.
Tom didn't get off the bus.
I'm much heavier than you.
Tom doesn't like that idea.
I'm not going out tonight.
Tom had to cancel his trip.
I'm very happy to be back.
Tom is much faster than me.
Let's not let that happen.
Tom is really good at golf.
Thank you for the warning.
Tom knows all this already.
Who organized the meeting?
Tom likes to drink sangria.
I've been stabbed three times.
I have arrived at work.
She wished me success.
Tom's strong character enabled him to avoid the common pitfalls of success and fame.
The company's journey to bankruptcy presented a cautionary tale on the pitfalls of corporate greed.
Tom snorted soda from his nose in astonishment.
It's absolutely freezing outside.
Tom was at a distinct disadvantage against his much younger opponent.
The behaviour of a few spoiled the fun for everyone.
Thousands of jobs are at risk if the company goes under.
Tom's parents instilled in him a glass-half-full mentality.
Laughter is essential in a good relationship.
He became a meme.
Check out these dank memes!
He said he regretted his decision.
There is no truth to the rumor.
There was no way to hide it.
Portugal won the Euro.
Eder scored the winning goal.
France's Antoine Griezmann was named as the player of the tournament.
Tom never gave us a chance.
I guess it's time to leave.
Tom said that's no problem.
I still have a few minutes.
Tom says he has no regrets.
I'm a lot heavier than you.
Tom says that won't happen.
My father won't allow that.
Tom will know what this is.
That was a serious mistake.
What are Tom's options now?
Why do you care about this?
Where was Tom last weekend?
Guess how much that cost me.
Did Tom not know what to do?
I don't know why they do it.
I don't care who Tom kisses.
I want something else to do.
I don't care who kisses Tom.
I was in Boston last summer.
Even a blind chicken can find a grain of corn.
It can go either way.
It could go either way.
I have no reason not to trust him.
I have no reason not to trust her.
I have no reason not to trust Tom.
Pokémon Go is an app that allows you to catch pokémon in the real world.
Many Belarusians came to work naked after their president asked them to "get undressed and work."
This small neighborhood bookstore was forced out of business by Amazon.
Tom closed his bookstore because he said that he couldn't compete with Amazon anymore.
I was eating when you called me.
Who will take care of the dog if we go to Spain?
I have to get off at the next stop.
Those books are yours.
Could I have half a kilo of chicken thighs, please?
I don't know if he's older or younger than me.
Tom has just returned from Boston, where he attended his party's state caucus to select candidates for the general election.
Because the Green Party in Canada has only one elected member of parliament, she sometimes jokes that she can hold caucus meetings in a telephone booth or a cloakroom.
The public accounts committee caucused privately to write their final report, which had to remain confidential until it was formally tabled in parliament.
Although Mary is a scholar of aboriginal linguistics, even she was surprised to learn that "caucus" derives from an Algonquian word meaning "tribal elders."
The elected members of a party will often meet in a private caucus to agree on a unified response to proposed government legislation.
I did see it.
I'm sorry, but I don't have change.
I went up the river.
He went up the river.
I'd like to have my picture taken, please.
The mountain overshadows a little town below.
Tom's paintings were so chaotic and abstract that they tended to bewilder viewers.
Dialects of English spoken in one country often bewilder speakers of English from another.
For lack of evidence proving him guilty, the jury had no choice but to acquit Tom.
Although Portugal eventually won the football tournament, there was no doubt that the Iceland team had acquitted itself well.
The defence attorney did his best on behalf of Tom to secure his acquittal.
Tom worked as a caddie in his youth.
Although the two rival British generals were quarrelsome and foolish, the ordinary soldiers acquitted themselves bravely, even as they rode to their deaths.
Tom was acquitted of the charge of stealing money from Mary, but was found guilty of attempted fraud.
Tom was relieved that the jury in Mary's trial brought in a verdict of acquittal on all charges.
Tom sorted through his email messages using keyword searches.
A case in West Virginia established that acquittal discharges a person from guilt, a pardon only from punishment.
For lack of a speedy trial, judges have sometimes entered acquittals even before a jury has heard evidence against the defendant.
In a civil contract, an acquittal means that one party has released the other from an agreed obligation, usually because a debt has been paid in full.
The company is a producer and distributor of television programming.
After the prosecutor permitted the defendant to handle the murder evidence, his attorney declared: "If the gloves don't fit, you must acquit."
At midnight Tom awoke to loud, unidentifiable noises coming from the bedroom upstairs.
Dan Rather, a folksy longtime journalist, humorously declared: "Beware of pastries, easy credit and politicians' promises."
Who is the author of these books?
The author of these books is very well-known in Brazil.
The seeds of these trees are yellow.
I would love to be able to read French effortlessly.
Tom kicked a chair in anger.
I'm feeling really grumpy. I guess it's PMS.
The town managed to thwart plans to build a nuclear power plant nearby.
A moat was dug around the castle to thwart attackers.
The earth wobbles slightly as it rotates around its axis.
There are a couple of small wobbles in the typhoon's track.
I would like you to stop personalizing disputes.
Ten years ago, the search engine began personalizing search results for each user.
The purpose of shuffling is to randomize a deck of cards.
I don't know why Tom is fat.
I'm very glad that I did it.
I had a great time with Tom.
This bread smells very good.
I run into Tom all the time.
This report is well written.
I see Tom here all the time.
We haven't discussed it yet.
I think Tom did a great job.
I left my cell phone at home.
I think Tom did really well.
I want something else to eat.
I think Tom was out of line.
I'm worried about all of you.
I think maybe Tom is scared.
I don't know anyone in Boston.
I thought of Tom right away.
I don't understand modern art.
I want to see Tom play golf.
I got some help from a friend.
You must be completely still and walk on your tip-toes. The baby is asleep.
As you have already suspected, the prince's name was Tom and the little mermaid's name was Mary.
Tom is a haemophiliac.
I want to examine the body of the victim.
I know what men are like. They only want one thing.
No, I am not an escort.
What seems to be the problem, officer?
I think Tom was joking.
Hold tight.
Tom said he had no regrets.
That's pretty.
I think Tom was only joking.
I get paid a lot.
I think we need to help Tom.
I was really mad.
I wanted to give Tom a gift.
What's on TV now?
I wonder what Tom bought me.
Behave yourselves.
I wonder what Tom would say.
I was quite lucky.
Is Tom one of the finalists?
We're not wealthy.
Is that the best Tom can do?
Everybody loved it.
Let's not forget who Tom is.
I hate not winning.
You can't pay someone to sleep with you.
It is necessary, that the baby receive enough milk.
You want to know the truth, don't you?
Tom promised to tell the truth.
You probably shouldn't tell Tom the truth.
I don't think you should tell Tom the truth.
It wouldn't be a good idea to tell Tom what really happened.
Are you sure you really want to know the truth?
Is she here?
I need a condom.
My mother made me study for three hours last night.
My mother made me practice the piano every day when I was a kid.
It's your prerogative to decide whether to go on the trip.
People sometimes narrate their actions to themselves as a running commentary.
No one knows how it works.
Two trains collided in Southern Italy.
German and Japanese government bonds offer negative interest rates.
Two trains collided head-on in Italy, killing passengers.
I know where the key is.
It was not very well hidden.
Tom has hidden superpowers.
I think that Mary has some hidden superpowers.
Such is the way of the world.
I have my doubts about her.
The last day to apply is the day after tomorrow.
So practical!
If you don't listen, I'm disinheriting you!
He's neither for nor against the proposal.
She's neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
I often went to the movies with dad.
It's his weak spot.
We've been without power for three days now.
This will be her third album.
You must have taken the wrong exit.
Before the second world war, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
Before WWII, the border between Finland and the USSR was near Leningrad.
My sister is very wise.
Refills included.
Her father was the editor of a German newspaper in Latvia.
He tried not to be too biased.
The witness says that the vandal was around years old.
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.
Can you fly an airplane?
Is there anyone here who knows someone in Australia?
The situation was very comical.
I still don't know all the details.
I had completely forgotten about that.
They're multiplying like rabbits.
The dad treated his adoptive son cruelly.
The old oak was almost higher than the house.
The house wasn't particularly remarkable.
She has many good qualities.
The patient's injuries aren't life-threatening.
This isn't a competition.
Light attracts bugs.
Today is the warmest day of the year.
Did you hear what he said?
He got everything he wanted for Christmas presents.
I tried again, but to no avail.
They don't give presents.
He avoided her gaze.
I belong to the tennis club.
I'm here to pick up the book I ordered.
I'm here to pick up the package I ordered.
I'm here to pick up my package.
I'm here to pick up my book.
I knew you were against it.
I'm from another planet.
You're disturbing my reading.
I'm here to pick up the product I ordered.
What did you do to my phone?
I have an extra five-gigabyte memory card.
Our mother was very happy for the visit of her grandson and cooked a substantial meal for the occasion.
Can I ask him something?
Can I ask them something?
Can I ask her something?
Please allow Tom to do his job.
I might come early.
Stop trying to do Tom's job.
I tried to do that.
Tom doesn't appear to agree.
I'm very surprised.
Tom doesn't plan to do that.
We got a flat tire.
Tom may be the boss someday.
I didn't enjoy that.
Tom may one day be the boss.
I said I'd be there.
Tom said it'll be difficult.
I tried to be quiet.
Tom says he won't come back.
I wanted to do that.
Tom says that he can't help.
I was so humiliated.
Tom shouldn't do that today.
I always try my best.
He always kisses his girlfriend goodbye when they part ways.
Oil floats on water.
He has absolutely no feel for it.
I feel so refreshed after my bath.
He was an excellent student, so far as I'm aware.
We all jumped at the crashing noise.
That person is a master inventor.
The label doesn't match the contents.
The label on the box doesn't match the contents.
The box doesn't match the contents.
The label on the cover doesn't match the contents.
He always internalizes every unpleasant thing people say to him.
You can't just generalize like that.
Don't generalize about an entire group of people just because you had some bad experiences.
Don't taunt him. He's liable to fight back eventually.
His biographer called him a wonderful man.
Incoming mail can be sorted by name, date, or title.
This list is not exhaustive.
I'm really sorry everything happened the way it did.
It was like that when I got it.
It might have been real. Or maybe it was just a hallucination. I really hope it was the latter.
We need to stop here and refuel.
Don't talk to me about respectability. I know every shady thing you've ever done. It would be a shame if the world were to ever find out about them.
You can't just decide things unilaterally like that. We have to come to a consensus.
Mindless entertainment is very popular.
Could I have that crayon, please?
Sanitation is a very important part of public health.
He had the mind of a preschooler.
These seatbelts are adjustable.
That's a very important ramification, but I think few people even realize its existence.
We must apply corrective measures.
I need corrective lenses.
His driving privileges were revoked.
This will have far-reaching repercussions.
This policy will lead to the marginalization of millions of people.
That automatically disqualifies him from speaking on the subject.
He lost the race because he was disqualified.
We must reunite them at all costs.
They've finally been reunited.
It'll take a little prodding before you can get him to agree to do it.
Refrain from showering or bathing today.
The front door of the house was open.
Does the price include breakfast?
What I'm about to say will answer your question.
Remember to take this medicine twice a day after breakfast and supper.
Cut the daikon radish and carrot into quarter slices and cut the other vegetables into bite-size pieces.
With a plumb bob, the carpenter is making sure that our new house's walls will be vertical.
Don't shriek in my ear like that!
The sailor plumbed the shallow water with a weighted rope, and the ship's keel did not scrape the rocky sea-bed.
Tom was surprised to learn that Mary was already in the third year of her plumbing apprenticeship.
My tooth ached when I had ice cream, so I might have a cavity.
Ginger is a food that warms up the body, so it is recommended for people sensitive to cold.
Mary will plumb her new house with stainless steel; she expects the pipes' endurance will make up for the higher cost.
That house was so poorly built that no floors were level and no walls were plumb.
Don't gripe about petty stuff like this!
The famous Tower of Pisa is now so seriously off plumb that Italy is taking special measures to keep it from collapsing.
The blind laugh at the lame.
Riding across Montana, the cowboy said, had left his horse plumb worn out.
In Tom's autobiography, he grapples with his past.
That seems like a reasonable price.
That seems like an affordable price.
Journalism is dead.
Art is dead.
This isn't journalism; this is trash.
That's a lovely pair of eyes you have.
What a lovely pair of eyes you have.
Could you please tell me how much this costs?
Could you please tell me how much this is worth?
I have a lot of things I want to sell.
How much coffee do you drink every day?
There are a lot of things I want to do in life.
The organization is underwritten by grants from philanthropists.
I want to achieve something before I die. Something I'll be remembered for.
But there's a big difference between forced and voluntary labor.
The minutes pass by.
The unstoppable march of time continues.
What shelf is the book on?
What shelf is it on?
Which shelf is it on?
The wood is rotten.
Where did the accident happen?
Jane is a very beautiful girl.
I'm no looker.
Oh, he speaks Russian, doesn't he?
I don't speak Mandarin very well.
I'm not talking to her.
She doesn't speak much.
Tom isn't speaking.
Tatoeba has lots of sentences, and hundreds or even thousands more are added every day.
I can read it, but I can't speak it.
He finally said what day he would come.
Tatoeba has millions of sentences, and hundreds or even thousands more are added every day.
Tatoeba grows at a rate of hundreds, or even thousands, of sentences per day.
Joanna washed the potatoes.
Brexit means Brexit.
Where did you dig that up?
Why do you like Tom so much?
I enjoyed doing that.
You should ask Tom directly.
I feel good about it.
Didn't you say you liked Tom?
I grew up doing this.
How exactly did Tom get hurt?
I get paid to do this.
I enjoy hanging out with Tom.
I'm glad you did that.
I have a lot of faith in Tom.
I tried not to do that.
I think maybe Tom was scared.
I'm a little skeptical.
I thought Tom was a Canadian.
I'm glad I'm not a dog.
I'll vote for Tom, of course.
I can't talk about that.
I'm not sure if Tom is ready.
I still need to do that.
He knows his stuff.
It is a film for adults, not for children.
Tom said he didn't even want to think about that.
Our magazine's readership numbers in the thousands.
The readership of print newspapers has been declining steadily in recent years.
This newspaper boasts an average daily readership of 5.million.
I'm sick of listening to Tom.
I'd rather not eat that.
I'm waiting for Tom to start.
What else can we do now?
I've admired Tom for a while.
You're an ignorant fool.
I've been dreaming about Tom.
I did some stupid things.
Is Tom still engaged to Mary?
I don't enjoy doing that.
Is Tom still married to Mary?
I like being around kids.
That's what Tom and Mary did.
I like working with kids.
That's what Tom is known for.
I thought I'd go fishing.
Tom and I had a busy evening.
I wasn't at that meeting.
Tom claims he didn't do that.
I'd like to believe that.
I wonder whether you really understood.
You have time for payoff until the end of the month.
They used a proxy to contact us.
I need every staffer on duty.
The message has been encoded.
My friend is looking for a new girlfriend.
He was sitting there for two hours.
Right is right and wrong is wrong.
Torture is wrong.
Their hearts were beating very fast.
He couldn't wait to see the look on her face.
She couldn't wait to see the look on his face.
Why can't you be grateful for what you have?
French toast is delicious.
Our condom broke.
She drinks a cup of blueberry tea.
My father does not allow me to have a cat.
My father does not allow me to have a dog.
This aquarium has an underwater tunnel.
Tom left me a surprise.
Mary left me a surprise.
My wife left me a surprise.
My husband left me a surprise.
Tom went diving with sharks.
My plants are happy.
The plants are happy.
Good luck on your date.
Good luck on your date with Tom.
Good luck on your date with Mary.
I thought she was your date.
I thought he was your date.
We need to find out what Tom is up to.
I found a secret passage in the library.
He said he wouldn't be gone long.
She said she wouldn't be gone long.
Tom said he wouldn't be gone long.
How was your date with Tom last night?
How was your date with Mary last night?
I thought Tom was your boyfriend.
I thought Mary was your girlfriend.
I thought Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
Children are completely egoistic; they feel their needs intensely and strive ruthlessly to satisfy them.
I love the smell of fresh baked bread.
I love the smell of your hair.
How long ago was this?
Congratulations! You just won a million dollars!
Congratulations! You won a free cruise!
Congratulations! You just won a free cruise to the Bahamas!
Tom is generous and good-natured.
When was the last time you had a boyfriend?
This is clearly wrong.
Someone spiked Tom's drink.
Tom's wife filed for divorce.
Tom's wife filed for divorce after the incident.
Tom is a portly man.
Tom has an addictive personality.
Mary has an addictive personality.
Stop texting me.
Stop texting me!
I'm doing very well, thank you. And you?
I have an eclectic taste in music.
Try to rest a bit.
I find it hard to focus.
You have no manners.
The operator lost control over the robot.
We have lost control of the robots!
We sat on the stairs.
Tom sat on the stairs.
Tom tried to win Mary back.
I don't have enough vacation days left at work.
I don't think that's what you wanted to do.
I'm not sure that's what you wanted to do.
I'll see you in class.
Anyone who believes exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either a madman or an economist.
I don't think that's what you intended.
A human is a conscious being.
The gossip spread around the school like wildfire.
Tom is a professional athlete.
To me, he seems too young to be touring the world on his own.
Mary is a caring wife and mother.
Tom decided to go home early.
I've been in love before.
Tom didn't ask for any money.
I've had a very busy day.
Tom didn't have to say a lot.
They came here yesterday.
Tom doesn't seem to think so.
They were here yesterday.
Tom doesn't want this either.
I seldom eat eggs anymore.
Tom finally managed to do it.
I wasn't going to do that.
Tom had a pretty good excuse.
I've never done it before.
Tom has a lot of imagination.
This was pretty expensive.
Tom has a son also named Tom.
How come you don't do that?
Tom has a son and a daughter.
I don't get paid very much.
And I will be a chicken which smells like a sloth!
I don't think that's what you intended to do.
Is that what you really intended to do?
Is that what you really intended to say?
That's not what I had intended to say.
That's not what I had intended to do.
Why can't you just be grateful for what you have?
Tom is a thoughtful young man.
It would take some time for me to translate this book.
The ship's captain had no schedule in particular.
I've travelled through the whole of Russia.
I live at August Road.
Please don't leave it there.
What is that suitable for?
How did you change your clothes so fast?
How did you change your clothes so quickly?
Whatever must happen, will happen.
The restaurant is not far from here.
I always hated this place.
How are you learning Esperanto?
Making friends is simple for guys.
Your hands are filthy.
You can play outside if you want to.
You can play outside if you want.
Your clothes are filthy.
That bread has started to go stale.
What were you eating?
Tom left the office early.
The water was ice cold.
Tom hurried back to the apartment.
Is everything all right at the office?
Is everything okay at home?
Is everything okay at the office?
It's extremely important to explain the danger.
Is everything all right at home?
It was a deep darkness.
Tom puffed on his pipe.
Tom puffed on his cigar.
I felt a sense of isolation.
What is it that separates this from the sea?
I will stop you.
Is that cat grey?
"Karin" is a German name.
I don't look like I'm elderly.
I have that at home.
Marie bought several breads.
I am not going to stop you.
He can't do without you.
I can't not work again.
Who is essential for that?
Please, don't protest.
Your name? I'm Paulo.
Cry your heart out.
That light is green.
I'm taking a dance class.
Is everything OK at home?
Is everything OK at the office?
She has a slender waist.
My mother is eccentric.
The relative calm that we've experienced in the last few years is deceptive.
I like studying languages from ancient times.
Why do you have to say things like that?
You should hear what the neighbors say about you.
You really are the chaff of humanity.
Why do you say things like that?
If you try that again, I won't tolerate it.
How can I turn off this light?
I've also become fond of you.
I remember it like it happened yesterday.
This is one of the biggest mysteries in science today.
It's one of the biggest mysteries in science today.
Tom said that he doesn't want a promotion.
I don't want a promotion.
Tom doesn't seem interested in making friends.
Mary didn't seem interested in making friends.
Tom doesn't understand social cues.
I won't forgive you if you do it again.
Why did you lend money to someone like him?
Why did you lend money to someone like her?
Tom has a very important job.
I don't think they like me.
Tom has been here since 2013.
I don't want anything more.
Tom is a very capable person.
I had to do that by myself.
Tom is a very likable fellow.
I just want to help people.
Tom is a very likable person.
I never want to leave here.
Tom is apparently a busy man.
I think we need each other.
Tom isn't in high school yet.
I tried not to wake you up.
Tom knew all along who I was.
I'm trying to take it easy.
Tom knows what's best for us.
I've got to get this fixed.
Tom lives on the third floor.
I advise you not to do that.
You really ought to wash your hands of this borderline illegal work.
The company took advantage of applicants by offering them low wages.
Tom doesn't like Mary's sense of humor.
Tom quit going out with Mary because he didn't like her sense of humor.
Tom told Mary that he didn't like her sense of humor.
This distillery uses organic grains and distills its whiskey from scratch.
In this essay, Tom distills the arguments for and against leaving the EU.
The TV commercial for herbal supplements ended with a quickly spoken disclaimer.
The mayor of New York made an effort to streamline municipal government.
Tom's new camera can take images with much higher pixel counts than his old one could.
She was my best female friend.
Each bird sings with its own voice.
I simplified my life incredibly.
The woman did not say anything; she just buried her face in her hands and burst into tears.
Tom doesn't have time to answer all my questions.
I recommend you the ASSIMIL method.
Tom said that he didn't have time to answer all my questions.
Tom said he didn't have time to answer all of my questions.
The highway construction project received a $500,earmark from the federal government.
All of a sudden, Tom and I were alone.
Tom designed an experiment to test his hypothesis.
Tom swam across the bay.
We swam across the bay.
They swam across the bay.
Mary sat alone on a rock.
Tom sat alone on a boulder.
I'm really scared of spiders.
They climbed up the jagged rocks.
We could have a picnic by the river.
Arachnophobia is the fear of spiders.
It works for most people.
The problem is we don't have much time.
We are starting to eat.
She spoke loudly.
I'll eat after that.
The elevator stopped on the second floor.
It seems to me that you simply do not want to help the refugees.
That room is too big.
Guess what that cost me.
Without you we will not succeed.
Tom loves riding motorcycles.
I could've done much better.
Tom says he still needs help.
I don't get paid to do this.
Tom says that's not the plan.
I have a throbbing headache.
Tom seems to be very content.
I think that you have my umbrella.
Tom truly loves what he does.
I think we're a strong team.
Tom will be in touch with us.
I tried not to eat too much.
Tom will have a busy weekend.
I was completely devastated.
Tom will have plenty of help.
We don't have any more food.
Tom will lend a hand as well.
I can sleep a lot better now.
Tom worked really hard at it.
I just made this up.
My wife is an actress.
Do you know what the neighbors say about you?
He will reside here for a few days.
The wounds, if they become more serious, can threaten your life's future.
Tom does not respect Mary's opinion.
You fought back.
What does your family name mean?
You slapped me.
Tom is the expedition leader.
Tom was the expedition leader.
Tom is a cave diver.
Tom flexed his muscles.
Tom put his shirt on backwards.
Tom took a shirtless selfie.
Tom took a picture of himself flexing his abs in front of the mirror.
I could spend hours in here.
I could spend days in here.
Thanks to Esperanto, one can easily have many good friends.
Tom would be so proud of you.
I definitely want to do that.
Tom would do anything for me.
I didn't have anything to do.
Tom would do anything for us.
I don't have any food to eat.
Tom would do anything to win.
I don't think it's that easy.
Tom wouldn't let that happen.
I enjoy hanging out with you.
Tom wouldn't provide details.
I had to work late yesterday.
Tom's children are wonderful.
I have a lot of faith in you.
Tom's grandmother raised him.
I like doing stuff like that.
Tom's mother lived to be 103.
I love listening to you guys.
Tom's situation is different.
I made a really big sandwich.
Why does ice float?
You can come together.
I arrive between noon and two o'clock.
She's a total recluse.
Tom became a total recluse.
Tom tried to get Mary to come out of her shell.
We're a little understaffed right now.
We're understaffed right now.
I'm working double shifts.
Tom really nailed this one.
Tom hit the nail right on the head.
Tom was right on target.
The cymbals are harder to play than one might think.
He wants to impart his wisdom to you.
They like to play on the swings in the park.
My children like to play on the swings in the park near my house.
Last night was exceptionally cold.
Last night was unusually cold.
It was unusually cold last night.
The corruption of the best is the worst.
To err is human, but to persist in error is diabolical.
Who is this?
I'll wash your apple.
Let me wash that apple for you.
A pessimist doesn't expect to be kissed by anyone.
We need more people like Tom.
I must be at the wrong place.
We still need to talk to Tom.
I never once thought of that.
What's Tom been up to lately?
I ought to have known better.
Who's Tom going to listen to?
I really like helping people.
Are we asking too much of Tom?
I really like to help people.
Do you feel sorry for Tom yet?
I think I asked for too much.
Do you know Tom's middle name?
I think I could be persuaded.
Don't let Tom know about this.
I think I have a good chance.
Has Tom been informed of this?
I think I have the advantage.
How do you think Tom survived?
I think I should do that now.
So, do you like it?
This album features vocals by James Taylor.
Tom contributed vocals to Mary's debut album.
The band featured Tom on guitar, Mary on bass guitar and vocals, John on drums, and Alice on keyboards.
In 2013, Tom Jackson published a book about the history of shipbuilding.
Tom has a painting depicting a hunting scene hanging on his wall.
If you look over there, you can see a defunct water tower.
I don't get Japanese grammatical structure.
I actually feel sorry for Tom.
I think that would be better.
I agree with Tom 100% on this.
I think the plan was perfect.
I asked Tom to behave himself.
I think this is a good start.
I asked Tom what had happened.
I think this is a nice place.
I asked Tom what he was doing.
I think we all have a chance.
I asked Tom where he got that.
I think we can agree on that.
I couldn't tell Tom the truth.
I think we need to slow down.
I didn't want to let Tom down.
I thought I was going insane.
I don't care if Tom does that.
I thought it was a bad dream.
I don't care who Tom talks to.
I thought we had a good team.
A utters locution B, meaning illocution C, and resulting in perlocution D.
I find that to be a relative concept.
The truth is relative, just as everything in the world is relative.
Everything is relative, and that alone is absolute.
In life everything is relative. A hair on the head isn't much; in the soup it's a lot.
He owes me a relatively large sum.
Tom owes me a relatively large sum of money.
Don't use a big word when a singularly unloquacious and diminutive linguistic expression will satisfactorily accomplish the contemporary necessity.
I don't expect Tom to do that.
I thought we had a good year.
I don't know what to tell Tom.
I was aware of the situation.
I don't know why Tom did that.
I was just going to say that.
I don't understand Tom at all.
I was just there last Monday.
I enjoy doing things with Tom.
I was just thinking about it.
I feel sorry for Tom's family.
I was just trying to be nice.
I feel the same way about Tom.
I was just trying to do that.
I followed Tom into the house.
I was present at the meeting.
I gave Tom some books to read.
I was trying to take it easy.
I had to force Tom to take it.
I wasn't sure what to expect.
How long did you flounder around before you asked for help?
The ship foundered in the stormy sea.
I found the play cathartic, and went home in a better mood.
He walked through the forest. Above him, the birds chirped merrily.
On December 23rd 1690, John Flamsteed observed Uranus without realizing that it hadn't been discovered before.
Breakfast was very good.
That would not be very professional.
Do you believe that I would ask what that means if I understood it?
Where exactly are we?
How did you enter the tunnel?
She advised me to stay away from him.
I told them about that yesterday.
I think your hypothesis was right.
I didn't expect help from Tom.
You weighed seventy kilograms.
Is it a hypothesis?
You're the first woman I truly loved.
I didn't expect Tom to help.
They told me I should go to the doctor.
I still consider Tom a friend.
I wonder if we could do that.
I still think Tom is a racist.
I wonder what happened to it.
I still think Tom is a sexist.
I'd have a problem with that.
I talked to Tom the other day.
I'd like to see what happens.
I think I hurt Tom's feelings.
I'd rather not comment on it.
I think Tom looks really good.
I'll make sure it gets fixed.
I thought Tom did pretty well.
I'll return as soon as I can.
I thought Tom was a decent guy.
I'll see how I feel tomorrow.
I thought Tom was really good.
I'll see you in a day or two.
I understand that Tom is hurt.
I'm 100% sure of my decision.
I wanted to give Tom a chance.
I'm a little bit tired today.
I wonder if Tom could do that.
I'm actually paid to do this.
I wonder if Tom would do that.
I'm afraid it's too late now.
I wonder what Tom did with it.
I'm glad things went our way.
I'd never tell Tom to do that.
I'm glad you thought of that.
I'll make sure Tom isn't late.
I'm going to get out of town.
I'm quite sure Tom wants that.
I'm going to stay right here.
I'm sure Tom is proud as well.
I'm not 100% sure about that.
I'm sure Tom knows what to do.
I'm not going to go in there.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't do that.
I'm not sure I feel the same way.
I don't think she'll be back before five.
The cat is meowing on the roof.
There's a bottle in the fridge.
She is a very attractive woman.
The street is too narrow for trucks.
Run, Tom. Get out of here!
Mary rubbed her hands on her apron.
Mary dried her hands on her apron.
All of a sudden, Mary and I were alone.
Tom looked around to make sure they were alone.
Tom is a tornado chaser.
Tom is a storm chaser.
He's funny and charming.
Tom plays the tambourine.
Tom spends all of his time painting.
I won't let you harm him.
I won't let you harm her.
Don't worry. Chicks dig scars.
There's one for you and one for me.
Tom took the pizzas and carried them into the kitchen.
France, I love you!
Tom picked up the soccer ball.
Tom grew up in the ghetto.
Your table is ready.
Hand me that wrench.
Pass me that wrench.
Could you hand me that wrench?
Could you pass me that wrench?
Hand me that book.
Hand me that magazine.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language correctly.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language without mistakes.
You can't learn to speak a foreign language correctly without making mistakes.
That language sounds very nice.
That language sounds very beautiful.
That language sounds very pretty.
"What big ears you have!" "All the better to hear you with, my dear." "What big eyes you have!" "All the better to see you with, my dear."
I'm sorry, but you're wrong here.
I hope you're not keeping any secrets from me.
Looting, raping, and plundering are common during wartime.
Resale of this item is prohibited.
You will have unrestricted access to this area.
In that period, scholars in favor of this school of thought predominated.
He wore a jacket whose color I couldn't determine.
Religious belief predominates in this region.
Predictably, he crashed and burned.
Predictably, I crashed and burned.
Improvisation is an essential part of jazz. It also used to be important in classical music, but this is not true nowadays.
By signing this contract, he waives all rights to his work.
He gazed upon his rescuer.
The theme of isolation features prominently in his work.
He has a knack for distilling complicated concepts into easy-to-understand sound bites.
Where's your entrepreneurial spirit?
His formative years were very unhappy.
I refuse to choreograph such a hideous and immoral production.
Pursuant to this law, no one is allowed to kill, except in self-defense.
There is no such thing as true objectivity. We all perceive the world subjectively, through the prism of our experiences and beliefs.
Instead of sitting there and hypothesizing pointlessly like the bunch of armchair theorists you are, why not go out and do some actual research for a change?
We must not let them overpower our forces.
This publication disseminates important information regarding the state of this country's politics.
Our savings dwindled to just a few hundred dollars.
Those who are not qualified professionals must include a disclaimer to indicate this.
Reuniting broken families is what I do.
Reuniting families that were torn apart is what I do.
We must mobilize our forces quickly if we wish to succeed.
He hypothesizes that there might be a ninth planet in the Solar System.
Redistribution of wealth is a controversial subject.
Due to the unfavorable state of the economy, the fishery laid off many of its employees and eventually had to close its doors permanently.
"We must digitize these documents to preserve them for future generations." "But what if the data is lost or becomes unreadable by future technology? Books require no technology to read, and are immune to technological change." "Details, details."
Due to the unfavorable state of the economy, the company laid off many of its employees and eventually had to close its doors permanently.
Yes, we conspired to murder the king and steal his rightful throne.
The sky will be blue.
This essay is much too long. You have to condense it by getting rid of all the fluff.
Most words are used very rarely, which makes it difficult to remember vocabulary when learning foreign languages.
No matter how large the world's corpus of written documents may become, it will never encompass the infinite range of sentences that can be formed by human language.
Why don't you stab me?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't like it.
I'm not too happy about that.
Maybe Tom will do that for us.
I'm not very good at singing.
Maybe Tom will get here early.
I'm really happy that we won.
That's what Tom did last year.
I'm really proud of our team.
That's what Tom wants to know.
I'm sick of hearing about it.
That's what Tom will be doing.
I'm so glad that I was wrong.
That's why Tom and I are here.
I'm still not happy about it.
That's why Tom is still there.
I'm with my family right now.
This isn't just Tom's problem.
I've been bitten a few times.
This isn't what Tom needs now.
I've got a lot more to learn.
Chicks dig scars.
I'm not sure I feel the same.
We have to clean the house tomorrow.
How many different schools have you attended in all?
All in all, how many different schools have you attended?
All of you behave similarly.
You all display similar behavior.
Windsocks are used to indicate the direction and strength of the wind.
Tom and I don't feel that way.
I've got a wife and children.
Tom and I have worked so hard.
I've got no regrets about it.
Tom and I love being together.
I've got nothing else to eat.
Tom and Mary are now divorced.
I've got nothing else to say.
Tom and Mary are now together.
I've got to get my car fixed.
Tom and Mary both are artists.
Would you be able to do that?
Tom and Mary didn't deny that.
Do you want to learn to drive?
Tom and Mary were both killed.
Hopefully, no one will object.
Tom and Mary were the winners.
I advise you not to interfere.
Tom can swim better than Mary.
I agree with most people here.
"Thus was he handled for one year and ten months; after which time, by the advice of physicians, they began to carry him, and then was made for him a fine little cart, drawn with oxen, of the invention of Jehan Denyau."
I'm getting undressed.
It disgusts me, too.
I lost my key around here.
No man is a prophet in his house or in his country, if history is to be believed.
Hand me that hammer.
I have conflicting feelings about my childhood.
Pass me that hammer.
I have no idea what I'm going to do now.
It's time for me to leave.
I want a drink.
Aren't you asleep yet?
I met her in France.
Tom made a phone call.
Dad bought me books.
It isn't easy to teach little kids.
They hugged Mary.
He plays well.
I have made it my life's mission to eradicate procrastination.
I have made it my life's mission to eradicate malaria.
Have you tried this cake? It's to die for.
We won't go back there again.
You should practice the violin every day.
Can't you quit it?
I don't know if I have enough time or not.
I love the song of the mockingbird, the bird of four hundred voices. I love the color of jade, and the enervating perfume of flowers, but most of all, I love my brother, Man.
The leading brand of soda in most countries around the world is Coca-Cola.
You can crash on the sofa if you're tired.
In the big orchard, they grow citrus fruits that are juicy and rich in vitamins.
I'm not exaggerating when I call him a prodigy.
It's no exaggeration to say that he's a prodigy.
Facebook has a lot of data about you.
Google makes money by selling advertising.
Many websites are supported by revenue from advertising.
How does Facebook make money?
How does Google make money?
Facebook makes money by selling targeted advertising.
Advertisers can target ads on Facebook based on users' profiles.
Tom can tell you all about it.
I agree with you percent.
Tom can't really do much else.
I always have something to do.
Tom can't really help us much.
I ate breakfast on my balcony.
Tom can't win and he knows it.
I can't see what the hurry is.
Tom cares more than you think.
I can't tell you about it now.
Tom chose not to have surgery.
I closed my eyes and screamed.
Tom did a very good job today.
I couldn't get more than that.
Tom didn't ask for an apology.
I couldn't have done it alone.
Tom didn't even shake my hand.
I couldn't hear what you said.
Tom didn't even try to get up.
I did my best to prevent this.
I can't believe I finally did it.
I can't believe I finally managed to do it.
I would like to thank many people for helping me win this award, but I won't.
Tom does a lot of things well.
I did what they told me to do.
Tom does do some goofy things.
I didn't have anything to eat.
Tom doesn't act like a leader.
I didn't have anything to say.
Tom doesn't know when to quit.
I didn't have to say anything.
Tom doesn't look like a rebel.
I didn't mind doing it at all.
Tom doesn't often eat at home.
I didn't play very well today.
Tom doesn't seem to know Mary.
I didn't read the whole thing.
Tom ended up going to Harvard.
I didn't really have a choice.
Tom ended up winning the race.
I didn't say it would be easy.
Tom fired his gun three times.
I didn't want to believe that.
Where did you dig that up again?
Kids can get disillusioned when parents say one thing and do another.
The authorities couldn't run in the merchant, since his deals were all above board.
The blueblood lady held the simple folks in disdain. In her eyes, they all looked boors with a brusque style, despite the fact that this time it is owing to them that she had roof above her head.
I saw the sudden change on the broad's face as she realized that she wouldn't be able to cajole the ticket collector into letting her make it off without any fine.
If the smaller groups in the interstitial territory would unite their efforts, with the proper strategy and some punctual hits they were able to undermine the advancement of the more centralized sovereign powers.
The fortune of the interstitial military groups waxed and waned, for the exigencies of warfare were considerably high.
Trying to secede from the mainland, the fissiparous polities has been causing serious problems to the central authority.
These artefacts are the depictions of the deity that serves as the spiritual and political palladium of the nation.
Tom gave Mary a second chance.
I didn't want to deal with it.
Tom grew up on a farm in Iowa.
I do think people will use it.
Tom had a lot to do with that.
I don't agree with you at all.
Tom had difficulty doing that.
I don't care how bad it hurts.
Tom had three people with him.
I don't care if I live or die.
Tom had three twenties on him.
I don't do this for the money.
Tom had to sleep on the floor.
I don't expect that to happen.
Tom handed his son a lollipop.
I don't really think about it.
Tom has a birthday in October.
I don't see a problem with it.
Tom has been shot in the head.
I don't see any reason for it.
I got tired.
You're drunk!
Sickness and health start with the mind.
You're bleeding!
Have any of you guys seen my car keys?
It's very pleasant to live in a beautiful city at the foot of a mountain ridge.
His career had faltered.
This ointment can kill fungi.
He's a descendant of Queen Victoria!
What are polymers?
She's a descendant of King George!
He was blinded by love.
I may be drunk, but I'm not disorderly.
You are a very beautiful butterfly.
I caught a very beautiful butterfly.
Look, a butterfly!
I love butterflies!
There are many good things in the world.
There are useful insects in the world.
There are good people in the world.
Change is good, even though it's sometimes painful.
What is a religious cult?
It's not a genuine religion. It's a cult.
They're holding a liquidation sale.
They're holding a clearance sale.
The store has been liquidated. It's closed for good.
The store is closed for good. It's been liquidated.
What new facts did you manage to ferret out?
It's good to know.
I want chocolate!
I want to swim!
It is dangerous to swim with dolphins.
How dangerous is it to swim with dolphins?
Is it safe to swim with a wild dolphin?
Is it wrong to swim with dolphins?
He invited them for dinner.
I don't recycle them.
Tom committed a bank robbery.
Take it out!
We need an interpreter.
She needs an interpreter.
He needs an interpreter.
They need an interpreter.
I can't believe you watch sports.
Some like feeling superior to other people. I, on the other hand, am above such base attitudes.
I hate sports, and so should you.
I love sports, and so should you.
I kept on reading.
I continued to read.
I'm eating roasted peanuts.
They were arguing about same-sex marriage.
Tom has had a change of heart.
I don't think I would do that.
Tom has his daughter with him.
I don't think I'm the problem.
I don't think it's a bad idea.
Tom has to protect his family.
I don't think of it like that.
Tom has tried to kill himself.
I don't think that's a factor.
Tom hasn't always been shy.
I don't think that's the plan.
Tom hasn't figured it out yet.
I don't think they dislike me.
Tom helped me a lot with that.
I don't think we can say that.
Tom hung out with his friends.
I expected to find you in bed.
Tom is a really confident kid.
I feel like I won the lottery.
I tried unsuccessfully to persuade her.
I tried to convince her, but without success.
Have you ever heard of the Loch Ness monster?
Are you busy tomorrow morning?
Open the cupboard on the left. That's where the bottles are.
If you want my respect, you'll have to earn it.
If you want my vote, you'll have to earn it.
If you want my support, you'll have to earn it.
Her words are engraved in my mind.
No title is engraved on the statue.
People have the right to defend themselves.
None of the people who were involved in Pierrette's death have any regrets.
The people who were involved in Pierrette's death do not have the slightest regrets.
Mary became pale with rage.
I'll send you some medicine to give to her so she can sleep. She needs the rest.
"Ah! I'm dying," said Pierrette, falling to her knees. "Who will save me?"
"Help! Help!" cried Pierrette, "I'm being murdered!"
You will give me this letter.
That man is one cunning devil!
You should call for a doctor.
"I'm dying," says Pierrette.
The poor girl regularly had bouts of fever, and her headaches became unbearable.
Why do you have the light on at midnight? Open up. I must know what you're doing.
I don't think I have any regrets.
I knew many of your faults, but lying is a new one to me.
There's a post office in the vicinity.
The kids are scared.
I give you two permission to do whatever you think is necessary.
You don't seem to have any problem.
Some people think that lychees taste like grapes.
Astronomers have observed sixty-two moons orbiting Saturn.
A Canadian comedian claims that the famous rings of Saturn are made up entirely of lost aeroplane luggage.
I'm not an astrologer; I'm an economist.
You don't seem to have any problem communicating in French.
Tom is a very, very lucky man.
I feel sorry for the children.
Tom is a video game developer.
I felt it was my duty to come.
Tom is almost certainly right.
I felt very strongly about it.
Tom is always making me laugh.
I gotta do what I've gotta do.
Tom is an easy guy to dislike.
I guess I should've done more.
Tom is currently free on bail.
I guess I was kind of nervous.
Tom is currently on death row.
I hardly ever throw food away.
Tom is going to have to do it.
I have something I need to do.
Tom is going to make mistakes.
I hope things will get better.
Tom is obviously very popular.
I knew that my leg was broken.
Hello, Lisa!
In the past, people went to church for confession. Nowadays they write on Facebook.
Pay attention to what you're saying.
They must be more patient.
The next stop is Aquincum.
Be careful what you say.
Be careful what you say and how you say it.
The whole class passed the exam.
Buying and consuming cannabis is prohibited by law in many countries.
It is available for free.
Tom is married and the father of a daughter.
Would you prefer to go fishing or hunting?
Tom was not alone.
The wedding is in two weeks.
Five fours are twenty.
It looks like they really hurt you as a child.
Just don't take offense to my question.
He who beats his wife hurts himself.
We didn't manage to convince him.
I drove to Kyoto.
Five plus two makes seven.
There is no cure for the disease.
She's a very timid girl.
Tom looks totally bored.
It's the latest fashion.
He was killed.
A lion's teeth are sharp.
She is always laughing.
Tom fell desperately in love with her.
Tom fell desperately in love with Mary.
The soft breeze blew through her hair.
Tom is a hopeless romantic.
She's a hopeless romantic.
I'm a hopeless romantic.
They ate cheese and crackers.
How does Tatoeba make money?
"How does Tatoeba make money?" "Tatoeba doesn't make any money."
Tom is still an avid gardener.
I think the worst is over now.
Tom is still living in Boston.
I think you're going to be OK.
Tom is the best father I know.
I thought I was being helpful.
Tom is trying to do just that.
I want something else to read.
Tom is very lucky to be alive.
I was very angry at that time.
Tom knew what he needed to do.
I wonder if you could do that.
Tom knows a lot about science.
I'm not much heavier than you.
Tom likes meeting celebrities.
I'm very glad that I did that.
Tom likes to play in the dirt.
I've already started to do so.
Tom looks like a friendly guy.
I've always wanted to do that.
Presumably, he buys them abroad.
He must be buying them abroad.
He probably buys them abroad.
An acre is a unit of measurement; Accra, the capital of Ghana, and Acre, a Brazilian state.
Esperanto introduced a new way of thinking to the world.
Are mangroves abundant in the Pantanal?
Macaws are varicoloured birds.
We should probably wrap up.
The answers to those questions are yes and no, respectively.
His father was a millionaire.
I don't need your banal platitudes.
I'm a novice at programming, but I learn quickly.
Despite his small hands, he is actually very well endowed.
An unnamed assailant fired a shot at the mayor before disappearing into the crowd.
We have to nudge him to do the right thing.
The blood throbs in my veins.
Much hilarity will then ensue.
I need you to go buy some wood pellets.
Now we will distill this water.
He took my barbs in his usual good-natured way.
Now clean up any residual dust.
We should excavate. Who knows, maybe we'll find something important and become famous.
His conviction overshadows all his previous achivements.
We are the only authorized distributor for this product.
I'm going to plant a shrub.
The pundit on TV says we're all doomed. Me, I'm skeptical.
If you want to succeed, you have to appeal to the lowest common denominator.
You can only take advantage of our offer if you are an attendee.
Appealing to the lowest common denominator is a failproof way to get sales or votes.
Appealing to the lowest common denominator is a sure-fire way to get sales or votes.
He's always thwarting my plans for world domination.
He's always thwarting my nefarious plans.
The statements provided in this article are for informational purposes only.
He taunted me, but I didn't take the bait.
I'm an unrepentant shopper.
I'm an incorrigible shopper.
We don't have enough bandwidth to use that service.
I try not to clutter up my room with junk.
Institutional racism is a serious problem.
While a quantitative approach may be useful in certain situations, I think this case necessitates a qualitative analysis.
People often segregate the two approaches, but they can often work together.
His argument has many inconsistencies.
The protestor was shot, but survived.
I am a descendant of Charlemagne. And so are you.
We must start the impeachment process as soon as possible, if there's any hope of it succeeding.
This work was painted circa 1650.
Innovate or perish.
Can I?
Here is the dog.
I don't particularly care for this painting.
May I have one of these?
May I have some water?
May I quote you?
May I borrow your pencil?
He is a ruffian.
Draw your sword.
Sheathe your sword.
Unsheathe your sword.
I want you to stop hanging around with those ruffians.
Let us depart from this accursed place!
It is said that vultures can smell death.
Tom may not like what he sees.
These goats are very friendly.
Tom needs you more than we do.
We haven't discussed that yet.
Tom plans to major in biology.
Which bus goes to the airport?
Tom put a great team together.
Give me time to think about it.
Tom said he did nothing wrong.
I believe that I can trust you.
Tom said he was getting antsy.
I believe you have my umbrella.
Tom said he was ready to talk.
I don't feel guilty about that.
Tom said he would do it again.
I don't know much about Boston.
Tom said he'd almost given up.
I don't really want to do that.
Tom said he's doing just fine.
I enjoy doing things like this.
I feel like I've won the lottery.
I wondered what happened to it.
Tom said some people got hurt.
I have something to say to you.
Tom said that wasn't the case.
I only read part of the report.
Tom said that's fine with him.
I really don't mind doing this.
Tom said the report was false.
I really want to do this again.
Tom says he isn't ready to go.
I think I'd better do that now.
Tom says he wasn't being paid.
I think we should just give up.
I was off work for three weeks.
Tom says he's not ready to go.
I'd rather not comment on that.
Tom says it's hard to explain.
I've been in Boston since 2013.
Tom says you're a good artist.
Let me see how I feel tomorrow.
Are you being bitten by mosquitoes?
I had mosquito bites all over my legs when I woke up this morning.
Mosquitoes are perhaps one of the most dangerous animals in the world.
Why do mosquito bites itch?
What's the best way to avoid mosquito bites?
My room's a mess.
I often break things when I'm angry.
I could use a little sympathy.
Tom is good at explaining things.
They arrested the culprit around six months later.
Giving gifts is always nicer than receiving them.
The actor is putting on makeup.
What's this fruit called?
I never drink wine.
Your car is fast, but mine is even faster.
I think he was rich.
Teak is a tall tree from Asia.
Teak is a tropical dark wood used for making furniture.
Tom seemed to be very content.
The people in Boston are great.
Tom should be able to do more.
What happened to your computer?
Tom stabbed his wife to death.
Hopefully, no one will get sick.
Tom surprised me a little bit.
I didn't have anything to drink.
Tom taught me a lot of things.
I didn't mind doing that at all.
Tom wanted to become a doctor.
I don't know why people do that.
Tom wanted to buy those boots.
I don't think you could do that.
Tom wanted to get good grades.
I don't think you would do that.
Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I guess I should've stayed home.
Tom wants it to be a surprise.
I haven't heard much about that.
That's the most important thing to remember.
We've been looking in the wrong places.
I have urgent matters to attend to.
He frequently goes out drinking.
Tom likes to write.
She is swimming.
At the moment only a child can save my marriage.
It's impossible for me to be away from my wife for long.
Mercury was the messenger of the gods.
This news made me happy.
I'm not scared of terrorists.
Tom knows he will be punished.
She's not a virgin anymore.
Wait here. I'll be back soon.
How old were you when you got married?
What did you eat for breakfast this morning?
How many times a week do you go shopping?
An orator is made, but a poet is born.
Who am I? I am a poet. What do I do? I write. How do I live? I just live.
What do you want to have for lunch?
How often do you eat pork?
Do you eat meat every day?
Tom, you can't let this opportunity slip away.
The experiment eventually failed due to a lack of support.
You're a good-for-nothing.
She can speak Spanish, but her English is much better.
They're fighting for liberty.
Look! The train is there!
The brother is writing.
Tom loves to write.
Tom is cooking an egg.
He's cooking.
Tom was making French fries.
You messed up!
He came accompanied by a Canadian girl.
Tom wants to become a surgeon.
I haven't put on so much weight.
Tom wants to talk to me again.
I moved back in with my parents.
Tom was a plain, ordinary kid.
I was homeless for three months.
Tom was a pretty handsome guy.
I've been sober for three years.
Tom was a very tough opponent.
I've decided to leave on Monday.
Tom was by himself in his car.
I've lived here for three years.
Tom was just having a bad day.
Mary isn't like the other girls.
Tom was just trying to survive.
You should always try your best.
Tom was one of the presenters.
Here are the books you asked for.
Tom was out of town yesterday.
I didn't know exactly what to do.
It's been my lifelong dream to publish a book.
It's been my lifelong dream to write a book.
Pick a book for yourself!
For experience and learning, even eternity is not enough.
I don't want to tell them why I'm late.
Excuse me, is this seat still free?
It's about fate, a calling, the longing for a better world.
Can I go back to sleep now?
We need someone famous to narrate the script for our new documentary.
The practice of lean manufacturing principles streamlines our production process, which in turn increases output.
The man's face was burned so badly that it was unidentifiable.
We don't have enough bandwidth for more than six people to be online at one time.
That company charges a monthly service fee of thirty dollars.
There's too much clutter in the house now that we have two kids.
If he could lie about that, he is likely to lie about anything.
If Mary could lie about that, she is likely to lie about anything.
"Did it help?" "A little."
It seemed improbable that Tom would succeed.
It seemed impossible that Tom would succeed.
Let's go to my place. There's something I'd like to show you.
Tom is impulsive and self-centered.
Try to be more alert to things around you.
Try to stay a bit more alert to what goes on around you.
I have a lot of responsibilities.
Tom has a lot of responsibilities.
Mary has a lot of responsibilities.
I love doing things and crossing them off my bucket list.
Tom unwrapped his sandwich.
I'm sorry. I never wanted to hurt you.
It's often easier to say "yes", than to say "no".
He spoke no English.
Tom thought it over for several days.
Tom kept ignoring my calls.
I don't care, and neither should you.
Mary filed her nails.
What have you gotten me into?
What have you gotten us into?
The steak was cooked to perfection.
The fish was cooked to perfection.
Tom found it hard to concentrate.
Why do turtles have shells?
She found it hard to concentrate.
An increasingly larger number of people get offended when you speak to them in English.
Why speak to them in their own country in a language they don't understand? Why don't you learn their language?
I doubt that Tom has ever read a book from cover to cover in his life.
Mary read the book from cover to cover in a single day.
I thought you would find it interesting.
I thought he would find it interesting.
Lying is second nature to him.
Lying is second nature to her.
To him, lying is a second nature.
To her, lying is a second nature.
I thought Tom would find it interesting.
Tom is a narcissist and a sociopath.
The CEO of this large company is a narcissist and a sociopath.
I read the whole book in a day.
I read the whole book in one day.
She forbade Tom from ever speaking to her again.
It wasn't very smart of you to throw that note away.
Tom convinced Mary to go along with the scheme.
Tom went along with the scheme.
I did it because I'm Tom's friend.
I did it because I'm Mary's friend.
After a while, she began to believe her own lies.
After a while, Tom started to believe his own lies.
Try not to take yourself too seriously.
I don't want to get involved any deeper in this.
My heart practically skipped a beat.
Her heart almost skipped a beat.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him.
When I was a small boy in Kansas, a friend of mine and I went fishing and as we sat there in the warmth of the summer afternoon on a river bank, we talked about what we wanted to do when we grew up. I told him that I wanted to be a real major league baseball player, a genuine professional like Honus Wagner. My friend said that he'd like to be President of the United States. Neither of us got our wish.
We were depending on considerable assistance from the insurrectionists in France. Throughout France the Free French had been of inestimable value in the campaign. Without their great assistance the liberation of France and the defeat of the enemy in Western Europe would have consumed a much longer time and meant greater losses to ourselves.
This is a long tough road we have to travel.
Soldiers, Sailors and Airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Force! You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.
The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you.
The eyes of the world are upon you.
Your task will not be an easy one.
Your enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle hardened. He will fight savagely.
The tide has turned! The free men of the world are marching together to Victory!
I have full confidence in your courage and devotion to duty and skill in battle.
We will accept nothing less than full Victory! Good luck!
Let us beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking.
Our landings in the Cherbourg-Havre area have failed to gain a satisfactory foothold and I have withdrawn the troops.
My decision to attack at this time and place was based on the best information available.
If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt, it is mine alone.
You can't speak to me like that. I'm your boss.
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its stupidity.
War is mankind's most tragic and stupid folly; to seek or advise its deliberate provocation is a black crime against all men.
The proudest human that walks the earth is a free American citizen.
Censorship, in my opinion, is a stupid and shallow way of approaching the solution to any problem.
Neither a wise man or a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
The true purpose of education is to prepare young men and women for effective citizenship in a free form of government.
Don't join the book burners. Don't think you are going to conceal faults by concealing evidence that they ever existed.
Don't be afraid to go in your library and read every book.
There is one thing about being President — nobody can tell you when to sit down.
From behind the Iron Curtain, there are signs that tyranny is in trouble and reminders that its structure is as brittle as its surface is hard.
The general limits of your freedom are merely these: that you do not trespass upon the equal rights of others.
All I want out of General McClellan is a victory, and if to hold his horse will bring it, I will gladly hold his horse.
Tom was still a bachelor then.
I don't really want to leave yet.
Tom wasn't entirely surprised.
I get paid a lot to do what I do.
Tom wasn't hurt in the attack.
I think we don't need to do that.
Tom will know what that means.
I'd rather not do that right now.
Tom won't be around next year.
I'm not doing this for the money.
Tom wore a black suit and tie.
Tom works out with his father.
I'm still living with my parents.
Tom's father was a mean drunk.
Do you want to learn how to drive?
Tom's first wife died in 2013.
I couldn't have done it by myself.
Tom's going to be quite happy.
I couldn't hear anything you said.
Plans are worthless, but planning is everything.
If civilization is to survive, it must choose the rule of law.
We believe in the principle that governments are properly established only when it is with the consent of the governed.
We must be ready to dare all for our country. For history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
May the light of freedom, coming to all darkened lands, flame brightly — until at last the darkness is no more.
May the turbulence of our age yield to a true time of peace, when men and nations shall share a life that honors the dignity of each, the brotherhood of all.
No people on earth can be held, as a people, to be an enemy, for all humanity shares the common hunger for peace and fellowship and justice.
No nation's security and well-being can be lastingly achieved in isolation but only in effective cooperation with fellow-nations.
A nation's hope of lasting peace cannot be firmly based upon any race in armaments but rather upon just relations and honest understanding with all other nations.
Neither of us got our wish.
God created man to enjoy, not destroy, the fruits of the earth and of their own toil.
I believe the only way to protect my own rights is to protect the rights of others.
I believe as long as we allow conditions to exist that make for second-class citizens, we are making of ourselves less than first-class citizens.
The Statue of Liberty is not tired, and not because it is made of bronze.
Let no one think that the expenditure of vast sums for weapons and systems of defense can guarantee absolute safety for the cities and citizens of any nation.
Against the dark background of the atomic bomb, the United States does not wish merely to present strength, but also the desire and the hope for peace.
The eyes of Europe are fixed upon us; she demands of us a living example of freedom.
We are a people born of many peoples.
Un-American activity cannot be prevented or routed out by employing un-American methods; to preserve freedom we must use the tools that freedom provides.
I sometimes think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
Try not to worry about what others think.
We always may be what we might have been.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
I know what you think of me.
If a government is to be prudent its taxes must produce ample revenues without discouraging enterprise.
You can wipe your shoes with this yellow cloth.
Our revenue laws have operated in many ways to the unfair advantage of the few, and they have done little to prevent an unjust concentration of wealth and economic power.
Taxes should be levied in proportion to ability to pay and in proportion to the benefits received. Income was wisely chosen as the measure of benefits and of ability to pay.
Taxation according to income is the most effective instrument yet devised to obtain just contribution from those best able to bear it and to avoid placing onerous burdens upon the mass of our people.
Wealth in the modern world does not come merely from individual effort; it results from a combination of individual effort and of the manifold uses to which the community puts that effort.
In spite of the great importance in our national life of the efforts and ingenuity of unusual individuals, the people in the mass have inevitably helped to make large fortunes possible.
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve.
It was natural and perhaps human that the privileged princes of these new economic dynasties, thirsting for power, reached out for control over government itself. They created a new despotism and wrapped it in the robes of legal sanction. In its service new mercenaries sought to regiment the people, their labor, and their property.
For too many of us the political equality we once had won was meaningless in the face of economic inequality. A small group had concentrated into their own hands an almost complete control over other people's property, other people's money, other people's labor — other people's lives. For too many of us life was no longer free; liberty no longer real; men could no longer follow the pursuit of happiness.
There is a mysterious cycle in human events. To some generations much is given. Of other generations much is expected.
I wish I could keep war from all Nations; but that is beyond my power. I can at least make certain that no act of the United States helps to produce or to promote war.
Many causes produce war. There are ancient hatreds, turbulent frontiers, the "legacy of old forgotten, far-off things, and battles long ago." There are new-born fanaticisms. Convictions on the part of certain peoples that they have become the unique depositories of ultimate truth and right.
The true conservative seeks to protect the system of private property and free enterprise by correcting such injustices and inequalities as arise from it.
The most serious threat to our institutions comes from those who refuse to face the need for change.
Wise and prudent men — intelligent conservatives — have long known that in a changing world worthy institutions can be conserved only by adjusting them to the changing time.
We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.
They are unanimous in their hate for me—and I welcome their hatred.
It is an old strategy of tyrants to delude their victims into fighting their battles for them.
No man can occupy the office of President without realizing that he is President of all the people.
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.
All but the hopelessly reactionary will agree that to conserve our primary resources of man power, government must have some control over maximum hours, minimum wages, the evil of child labor and the exploitation of unorganized labor.
Those who cherish their freedom and recognize and respect the equal right of their neighbors to be free and live in peace must work together for the triumph of law and moral principles in order that peace, justice, and confidence may prevail in the world.
International anarchy destroys every foundation for peace. It jeopardizes either the immediate or the future security of every nation, large or small.
I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country.
A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
The liberty of a democracy is not safe if the people tolerate the growth of private power to a point where it becomes stronger than their democratic State itself.
The liberty of a democracy is not safe if its business system does not provide employment and produce and distribute goods in such a way as to sustain an acceptable standard of living.
Among us today a concentration of private power without equal in history is growing.
No democracy can long survive which does not accept as fundamental to its very existence the recognition of the rights of its minorities.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
We must especially beware of that small group of selfish men who would clip the wings of the American Eagle in order to feather their own nests.
As a nation, we may take pride in the fact that we are soft-hearted; but we cannot afford to be soft-headed.
Enduring peace cannot be bought at the cost of other people's freedom.
Prophets of the downfall of American democracy have seen their dire predictions come to naught.
They can't move as fast as Mary.
When I was in school, I dreamed of becoming a pilot.
I love doing things and crossing them off my to-do list.
If it hurt that much, he wouldn't be playing outside.
Girls like to wear hair bands to look pretty but you don't need to be a girl to wear a sweatband when running.
Tom is obsessed with power and money.
The patient showed the doctor his tongue.
You may need hex keys to adjust the gears on your bike.
Hi everyone, I'm Tom.
Hi everyone, I'm Mary.
He gets along with everyone in his class.
It's good to have some spanners to be able to fix various things.
I'm beyond happy.
I'm beyond happy!
You should have seen what Tom did.
He missed the 8:train.
Tom spread falsehoods about Mary.
Tom spends very little time with his family.
Tom went on a shopping spree.
Mary went on an insane shopping spree just before Christmas.
Tom's divorce from Mary reportedly cost him more than a million dollars.
Tom was forced into bankruptcy.
Tom hosted an extravagant party in his mansion.
I aced the test!
Tom is obsessed with sex.
Tom is obsessed with Pokémon.
Tom is obsessed with Pokémon Go.
Melania Trump's speech at the Republican National Convention was strikingly similar to Michelle Obama's speech at the Democratic National Convention.
The committee decided not to decide anything.
We just never got around to it.
I don't care what you think of me.
I don't like okra.
My room is a complete mess.
Tom rushed to her aid.
I usually use hearts of palm in my recipes.
Baby ducks are cute.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going on that route.
Curb extensions force traffic to slow down.
Roundabouts are both safer and more efficient than four-way intersections.
Mary received harassing messages on Twitter.
Eating chocolate makes me feel happy.
If I were you, I'd think twice before going down that path.
I feel comfortable around her.
I feel comfortable around him.
I feel comfortable around Tom.
I like being single.
I don't like being single.
Mary likes princesses.
Mary likes doll houses.
Mary likes Taylor Swift.
Tom wore a flannel shirt.
Tom slapped Mike on the back.
The file was stolen.
Human relationships are very complex.
Can you stay for dinner?
Tom and I went there on our honeymoon.
Mary and Kate wore matching outfits.
Tom and Mary wore matching outfits.
Mary and Alice wore matching outfits.
Vassily brought his watch to the watchmaker.
The whale shark is the largest shark in the world.
Tom told me that he wants to meet my parents.
Mary told me that she wants to meet my parents.
Baby owls are cute.
Owlets are cute.
A sequel was released a year later.
Tom rushed to Mary's aid.
Parts of Tom's speech were strikingly similar to the speech that Mary had given at the same event a year before.
Why are you acting so jumpy?
WhatsApp is blocked in Brazil.
Is that real blood?
This outfit is cute.
The paleontologists are looking for fossils.
I don't mind the attention.
Tom's luck eventually changed.
I didn't know exactly what to say.
Tom's new wife's name is Mary.
I love listening to you guys sing.
Tom's prediction was accurate.
I read a lot of books last summer.
Tom's situation was different.
I think we should stop doing that.
We can't allow Tom to do that.
I wanted to buy one of those, too.
We need to cut Tom some slack.
I wish you would be a bit quieter.
What else does Tom need to do?
I wish you wouldn't talk about me.
What's Tom been doing all day?
I don't have time for guests today.
Why did the police arrest Tom?
I don't have time to do that today.
Why is Tom still on this team?
I don't think it's such a bad idea.
She didn't want to hurt his feelings.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary's feelings.
I enjoyed the attention.
Tom likes being the center of attention.
Tom hosted an extravagant party at his mansion.
Did you break up with Tom or did he break up with you?
Do you come to this restaurant often?
Why did you sneak up on me?
Tom wound his arms around Mary's back.
We have an obesity problem in this country.
Obesity is a serious problem.
You should ask Tom about that.
I don't think that's a good reason.
Could Tom be telling the truth?
I guess I shouldn't have done that.
Could this be Tom's big chance?
I haven't put on all that much weight.
Did Tom really give you advice?
I tried to do that, but I couldn't.
Do you believe Tom is innocent?
You're very perceptive, aren't you?
Do you know where Tom has been?
Hopefully, the weather will be good.
Does Tom still play the guitar?
I didn't do what they told me to do.
Does anyone here even like Tom?
I should've done that, but I didn't.
Everyone wanted to talk to Tom.
I was supposed to do that yesterday.
How did Tom manage to get away?
I can hardly wait for that to happen.
I want to participate.
I want to attend.
Are you interested in this T-shirt?
Happy people don't watch the clock.
There is a kernel of truth in what he's saying.
Pesticides are agricultural chemicals that exterminate insects that harm plants.
You want me to go?
He has always been an advocate for the poor and downtrodden.
He has consistently been an advocate for the poor and downtrodden.
How many do you have in stock?
Do you have any left in stock?
We have no more in stock.
Human relationships are complex.
Questioning received wisdom is the driving force behind progress.
How much are these apples?
How much are these potatoes?
Do you have any smaller ones?
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
This is so bad, it's good.
It's so bad, it's funny.
It's so bad, it's hilarious.
I can't believe you could say something like that.
How could you say something like that?
He is just a pretty face.
He's just a pretty face.
I can't believe you're making me do this. You slave driver!
Human language is capable of expressing an infinite amount of ideas.
Human language is capable of forming an infinite number of sentences.
It's so bad, it's good.
How much is that computer?
How much is that laptop?
I'd like two tickets, please.
I'd like three tickets, please.
I'd like one ticket, please.
I'd like four tickets, please.
I'd like five tickets, please.
I'm going to go see a movie. Want to come?
There's no way that's true.
Is he saying what I think he's saying?
I'm an extremely humble person.
I'm the humblest person on this planet.
Don't worry, Mary, I'll be discreet.
Mary teaches French in London.
He has finally jumped the shark.
These are all lies!
Would I tell a lie?
"Would I lie to you?" "Yes, I think you would lie to me."
No, I guess not.
How much is this computer?
How much is this laptop?
I would love to help you, but I'm very busy right now.
Have your paper on my desk by Friday.
Have your paper on my desk by Monday.
Have your paper on my desk by Tuesday.
Have your paper on my desk by Wednesday.
Have your paper on my desk by Thursday.
I never realized how hard it must be to be a woman.
He's one of her many lovers.
But that's incredible!
It's all the rage these days.
Get off my lawn, you young whippersnapper!
That pesky imp must be punished.
Those imps must be stopped.
"I'm not hungry anymore." "But you haven't eaten anything!"
Have you always been so selfish?
You're clever. But not clever enough.
I'm so terrible at chess, I once got checkmated after only two moves!
I'm terrible at chess.
I'm not big on sports.
I'm in love, but I don't know if it's mutual.
Fortunately, I have never succumbed to the psychosis they call love.
I love the internet.
I will make you regret it.
I will make you regret your words.
I'll make you wish you had never been born.
I wish I had never been born.
The truth is always obvious in hindsight.
Is it proper to say "Aloha" when saying goodbye?
Is it proper to enter a mosque wearing dirty socks?
Is it proper for a man to give a woman a peck on the cheek in Dubai?
Is it proper for me to correct Tom?
I jog every morning.
I run every morning.
The leveret runs in the steppe.
Where are you running, little hare?
We must work hard for what we want in life.
I'm not hungry now.
Her word is her bond.
My speaking and listening are not as good as my writing.
I cannot speak and listen as well as I write.
That girl likes that music.
That cat doesn't like that dog.
That boy likes to walk around the soap shop.
What is your first memory from when you were a kid?
She likes that dog.
That cat is happy.
She went to America.
You aren't very smart.
Japan's climate is calm.
I can see that book.
Following this class's instruction, you will develop a comprehensive perceptive of Japanese.
A doctor is necessary.
Don't drink.
Who is going to the store?
Tom didn't agree with Marie.
The highest amount of points possible on reports is points.
He didn't know to do.
Fly!
My only friends are love and courage.
Tom, how are things?
Tom, how is the current situation?
My mother is a very strange person.
We are sleepy.
This sofa is not nice.
Are okay after yesterday's earthquake?
Please contact me if you have any questions.
This is me?
Mery is the laziest person in his class.
The elder passed away recently.
To become good at Japanese, you must come to like Japan even more.
Japan tried to revive itself.
Thank you for shopping.
You don't have an umbrella? Aren't you thankful you went inside?
You bought things you didn't need again.
I bought things I didn't need again.
I think I have heard that story before.
if you want something, do whatever you need to do to get your hands on it.
If you want something, do whatever you need to do to get your hands on it.
That is no good.
That is not allowed.
Tom will surely be happy this morning.
You as usual, are misunderstanding.
I will rescue you from these horrible circumstances.
When I have plucked thy rose, I cannot give it vital growth again. It must needs wither.
How did you and Tom first meet?
I didn't do too well on today's test.
How does Tom know he can do it?
I don't enjoy doing things like this.
I agree with Tom on this issue.
I don't have time for that right now.
I always thought Tom was funny.
I have to make sure everything is OK.
I assume you've heard from Tom.
I often do my homework before dinner.
I believe that Tom will resign.
I still don't have everything I need.
I can see why Tom is concerned.
I think you're going to like it here.
I didn't know how fast Tom was.
I couldn't have done it better myself.
I don't agree with Tom on much.
I didn't do very well on today's exam.
I don't think Tom did anything.
I don't really want to think about it.
Tom quickly fell asleep.
Tom fell asleep quickly.
It's nearly six.
The girl came without complaint.
I'm not a bad mother, just a busy one.
I can't believe it's happening again.
Many New Yorkers love their professional sporting teams.
My father wouldn't allow me to see my friends.
Tom always drinks tea in the morning.
Tom shouldn't spend so much.
I don't remember when the last time I saw her smile was.
You're looking at me in a way that scares me.
Those men are armed to the teeth.
We can't waste even a minute.
The young people are fed up with the politics of this country.
Lychees taste of grapes.
I'll go to your house tomorrow.
What on earth got into you?
Take good care of my daughter, Tom.
There's no time for talking. Time has come to act!
What if she's gone for good?
To me it doesn't seem at all normal to separate the children from their mothers.
I fully understand your frustration.
It's not something we have any control over.
I don't think Tom is in Boston.
I guess I should've done this earlier.
I enjoyed hanging out with Tom.
I play both the trumpet and the piano.
I guess I should've helped Tom.
I shouldn't have done that, but I did.
I guess Tom got it wrong again.
I still think doing this is a mistake.
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.
I think I'm going to buy one of those.
I hope Tom can accomplish that.
I think we should try a little harder.
I hope Tom does the same thing.
I tried to do what you asked me to do.
I hope Tom doesn't do it again.
I've got to get this fixed right away.
I hope Tom will come to see me.
It was only meant as a harmless prank.
I hope you don't tell Tom that.
This is a nice place, don't you think?
I could have done it better.
I could've done it better.
I could've done better, I think.
I'll do better next time, I'm sure.
This is not exactly my idea of having fun.
I have almost three more hours before I have to be at the airport.
I've been here for almost three years.
It's been almost three months since I've moved here.
Can I stay at your place tonight?
I hope I'm not being a nuisance.
Could we stay at your place for a few nights?
I hope I'm not inconveniencing you.
I hope we're not intruding.
I hope we're not inconveniencing you.
Tomorrow will be a busy day for us both.
Tomorrow will be a busy day.
I'll be busy all day tomorrow.
Could you recommend an inexpensive restaurant?
What is the cheapest restaurant around here?
I'd love to see somebody do that.
I'd love it if somebody did that.
We have none left in stock.
I'm sorry, we're all out.
Have it on my desk by tomorrow.
I needed it yesterday.
When will it arrive?
They're finally here.
Could you please tell me where the produce section is?
He's got tons of neat gadgets.
The future is now.
Today's technology is vastly superior to much of that portrayed in the science fiction of the past.
Do you like the show?
Hang up the phone now!
Hang up.
I hate it when people use toothpicks.
Oh my mother tongue! In your words I prayed my first prayer: Have mercy on me and on my parents, my God!
Did you like the show?
I know Tom would've liked that.
We need to look at the bigger picture.
I think Tom is still in Boston.
I had no idea this was going to happen.
I think Tom will get here soon.
I was just going to ask you about that.
I think we should pay Tom more.
I wonder what happened here last night.
I'm sure Tom's mother is proud.
I'm not going to go in there by myself.
I'm waiting for Tom to do that.
The people in Boston are very friendly.
I've known Tom for three years.
You should tell Mary that you love her.
Maybe Tom will know what to do.
I didn't get paid as much as I expected.
Shouldn't we give Tom a chance?
I don't know how to apologize in French.
Tom and Mary are very friendly.
I get a little too aggressive sometimes.
The problem just keeps getting worse.
More people die from the effects of obesity than from starvation.
My sword is my life.
You've thwarted my plans for the last time!
I love almonds.
He is suffering from a mental illness that can lead to insomnia, depression, anxiety, inability to concentrate, loss of appetite, suicidal thoughts, high blood pressure, and bouts of uncontrolled aggression. This is a form of psychosis which is generally known in common parlance as "love."
He left for good.
He will come back when he realizes what he did.
I'm sure Tom will come back as soon as he realizes he left his briefcase here.
You're clever, but not clever enough.
Which is the most suitable manure for the tomatoes?
Since his appearance has completely changed, you probably won't recognize him.
She tries to fool anyone.
Turkey has declared a three-month state of emergency.
Is there such thing as a truly selfless act?
Tom can dance better than Mary.
I think I could be persuaded to do that.
Tom didn't do it again, did he?
I think I have a good chance of winning.
Tom doesn't want to go with us.
I tried to get my homework done on time.
Tom got fired on his first day.
I wasn't supposed to do that, but I did.
Tom grew up with John and Mary.
I'm sure a lot of people think that way.
Tom has done a good job for us.
I could've done much better if I'd tried.
Tom has done a really good job.
I don't expect that to ever happen again.
Tom has finally told the truth.
I don't know why they do it, but they do.
Tom has some pretty good ideas.
I haven't yet finished reading that book.
Tom is lucky to be on the team.
I sometimes take a shower in the morning.
I think it's a rather boring sentence.
You should refrain from smoking more.
Switzerland was neutral in the war.
There's more than one kind of Swiss cheese.
Tom lives only an hour away.
The cows seem happy.
Gruyere is a Swiss cheese, but it doesn't have any holes in it.
I feel lost and confused.
I feel so lonely sometimes.
Tom clasped his hands behind his head.
Accidental damage isn't covered by the warranty.
How the hell did that happen?
This makes a ton of sense.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary solution.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary fix.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary solution.
There is nothing more permanent than the temporary.
Potatoes are vegetables.
We ate baked sweet potatoes.
We ate boiled potatoes all winter.
His hands were red with blood.
Tom got a job in a circus.
Everything about this is wrong.
Tom's friends laughed at Tom's joke.
She hugged him a little longer than necessary.
I'm not a coward, but I'm not stupid either.
Tom is smart and curious.
Mary is smart and curious.
Tobacco is harmful to your health.
What exactly are we having this party for?
Do you feel resentment towards your parents?
He had died of natural causes.
Tom works for the public defender's office.
Tom is an FBI informant.
Ducklings are cute.
Tom is so much like his father.
I didn't do everything they told me to do.
Tom isn't as qualified as Mary.
I think doing that would be a big mistake.
Tom lives a long way from here.
I think we should do this some other time.
Tom might not want to go there.
I've lived here for more than three years.
Tom said he heard Mary's voice.
I got a flat tire on the way to work today.
Tom said he'd like to see more.
I think doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said he's going to do that.
I thought I was the only one who knew that.
Tom says Mary still needs help.
I was in Boston last summer for three days.
Tom usually sleeps eight hours.
Could you translate this into French for me?
Tom wasn't in a good mood then.
I'm not sure I feel the same way about that.
Tom has some psychological issues.
Mary has some serious psychological issues.
Tom was the prosecutor in this case.
Tom embezzled more than a million dollars from his company.
Tom was a cooperating witness.
Of all the children, he's the one who counts the fastest.
Present your idea clearly.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
Tom has a learning disability.
The people who live here are our friends.
I will never tell anybody.
Before I start working in Paris, I need to improve my French.
Tom came up behind me and put his arms around my waist.
Mary came up behind me and put her arms around my neck.
How can you tell if someone likes you?
We're going to the beach. Are you coming?
Tom went swimming in the ocean.
The sand was so hot that it burned our feet.
We're going to the beach. Would you like to go with us?
Mary wiped the sand from her legs.
The waves crashed against the rocks.
Tom drew a circle in the sand with a stick.
Tom wiped the sand from his legs.
Tom almost died from a heroin overdose.
Tom shoots up about $of heroin a day.
Tom got addicted to painkillers after his accident.
This is one feisty man.
I have a boyfriend back home.
I have a girlfriend back home.
Tom had not told Mary that he had a girlfriend back home.
Tom was away at camp all summer.
Tom scanned the paperwork.
Tom will be at tonight's party.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Tom will be retiring next year.
I feel much worse today than I did yesterday.
Tom's family congratulated him.
I've been bitten by my own dog several times.
Tom's home burned down in 2013.
I've done that and I'm sure I'll do it again.
Did Tom not know how to do that?
Mary isn't like the other girls in the class.
Do you know Tom's father's name?
Do you think you can do that without any help?
How exactly did Tom get injured?
I don't want to drink any more beer right now.
How long was Tom here yesterday?
I think I'm going to go to Boston next summer.
I don't know how much Tom makes.
I'm sure a lot of people would agree with you.
I don't think Tom could do that.
I've tried to do that, but I just can't do it.
You will be notified when your order has arrived.
We will call you when your package has arrived.
We will call you when your package arrives.
We will call you when your order arrives.
We offer free shipping.
The results were inconclusive.
Please enjoy our complimentary towels.
I try to avoid using public restrooms.
I refuse to use public restrooms, as they are very unhygenic.
You will be notified when your package has arrived.
Surely there will be other places with Pokestops as well!
Tom is a federal prosecutor.
He declared himself leader publicly.
Women are judged differently than men.
Women get penalized for being assertive at work.
Work-life balance is not just a problem for women.
The employees are overworked.
People who work longer hours don't always get more work done.
It's good to examine conventional wisdom critically.
There's a lot of money involved.
Tom fell into a coma caused by his alcoholism in January 1983, and died in May without having regained consciousness, at St. Mary's Hospital in Herne.
Sugar is a major cause of obesity.
He who only has a hammer in his toolbox sees all problems as nails.
When all you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
The real definition of science is that it's the study of the beauty of the world.
Do you hate horror movies?
According to David Frum, the US Republican Party staged a convention which was their most listless and most joyless in twenty years, but Elizabeth Warren characterized that convention as the nastiest and most divisive in half a century.
The customs agent searched Tom for contraband.
I don't think Tom is busy today.
I haven't written any new poems in a long time.
I don't think Tom is going away.
I thought I was doing what you wanted me to do.
I forgot to mention that to Tom.
What would you do if you had a billion dollars?
I know Tom is hurting right now.
I still haven't done what you've asked me to do.
I think Tom has been very lucky.
I don't know anyone who knows how to speak French.
I think Tom has done a nice job.
I still don't understand what you're talking about.
I think Tom still believes that.
I've been out of the office for the past three days.
I think maybe Tom won't do that.
Could you translate this document into French for me?
I wanted to give Tom some money.
I do a lot of stuff that my mother doesn't know I do.
I wonder why Tom didn't do that.
I think it would be better to do this some other way.
You must want to burn yourself in your own flame: How could you aspire to be new, if you don't become ashes first!
Mary died before Tom was born.
Tom died before Mary was born.
Tom died before his son was born.
Tom died just three days after Mary was born.
That was a low point. Things have improved since then.
Next!
Could I speak to Tom?
I feel shy.
I've only met Tom twice.
I feel thirsty.
Tom dug up the potatoes.
I'm rather shy.
Tom has moved to Boston.
I never get mad.
Tom has school tomorrow.
I'm very strict.
Tom sliced the potatoes.
How is your brother?
Tom washed the potatoes.
I was a bit unlucky.
I'll get Tom to call you.
It's very hot inside.
Tom bought some potatoes.
Just a minute, please.
Can I open the windows?
It is common for people to wear wool hats in winter.
I love being your teacher.
You haven't forgotten, have you?
Tom, do you know where we are?
I'll never tell anybody.
This ship can reach extremely high speeds.
Are you calling me a thief?
The pencil is on the book.
I need a nurse right now.
The notebook is in the briefcase.
The ruler is under the book.
The professor is in front of the board.
The board is behind the professor.
Where is the student?
The student is in the classroom.
His very rough summary does not do justice to the original text and its intellectual sophistication.
Be sure to invite him, or he'll feel left out.
Don't leave her out of the plans.
The old man was run over and immediately taken to the hospital.
Mary, you're a terribly superficial woman! I thought you loved me because of my personality, not because of my appearance or my possessions.
Don't forget to invite Tom.
"Do you love me just because I am a foreigner?" "Yes, I like the color of your eyes, your skin and your hair, not to mention your lovely accent. "
Don't forget to invite Tom to the party.
Tom died without having ever seen Mary again, or known what had become of her.
It's precisely what I said from the beginning.
Participants under the age of require a parent's consent.
We will notify you when your order arrives.
He is a despicable person.
Kids really are little devils, aren't they?
Puns are very hard, if not impossible, to translate.
His methodology is very amateurish.
We need you to get here ASAP.
His satirical novel criticized the foibles of human nature.
Let's build a wall.
We should build a wall.
The wall should be very tall.
I love you, Dad.
The discipline of computational linguistics, at the intersection of linguistics and computer science, studies how to deal with human language with the help of artificial intelligence.
The objective of Minesweeper is to clear the minefield without detonating the mines.
Who's up for some ice cream?
They have a complete lack of respect for authority.
They have no respect for authority.
He has no respect for authority.
My mother put clean linen on my bed.
Flowers wither without water.
Which of you was here first?
The bus just left.
Advertising is everywhere.
Children are easily influenced by advertising.
Tom had a bariatric surgery.
Mary placed her hands on her hips.
Mary usually gets what she wants.
He can probably have any woman he wants.
With his looks, Tom could probably have any woman he wanted.
She could probably get any man she wants.
With your looks, you could probably have any man you want.
Don't you have any shame at all?
Mary can eat and drink anything she wants and still stay skinny.
All Tom ever wants to do is watch TV.
I have to go inside and do my homework.
Peace is for wimps.
Tom has twisted his ankle.
How hard would that be?
Tom probably isn't hungry.
I saved a lot of money.
Can I speak to Tom, please?
I think that's a shame.
I have my doubts about Tom.
My throat is a bit dry.
I really wanted to see Tom.
Did you ask them to wait?
I'll ask Tom to cook today.
How is everybody at home?
Tom has moved to Australia.
That was extremely brave.
Tom is probably not hungry.
That's just not possible.
I think that's what Tom did.
That's probably not good.
I think Tom has given up hope.
We are located in Boston.
Tom has no respect for authority.
The banking industry lobbied for deregulation.
In the next country that Tom visited, there lived very large people.
Freezing rain is a rather rare meteorological phenomenon.
Be loved!
Come here!
Hello, Tom!
Release him!
Let go of him!
Choose us!
The more creative the sentence, the less likely it is that someone will invent exactly the same one.
He has a persecution complex.
History is a journey into otherness.
I did not write that.
We need food, clothing, and shelter to live.
Even if he asked for forgiveness, I would still be mad.
Many people speak French in Africa.
He is a quiet person.
You can go home if you want to.
That is impossible for me.
That house is his.
Tom is turning thirty this October.
We would not let him die.
Why are they mad?
My dog is always barking.
I am washing my socks.
Tom listened to me carefully.
They bought vegetables at the market.
His index finger is smaller than his ring finger.
I would not understand.
I think Tom has three options.
We're about through here.
I think it means a lot to Tom.
Where do you buy clothes?
I think we owe Tom an apology.
Would you please hold on?
Tom is probably not tired yet.
You look really familiar.
I really need to see Tom today.
You really look familiar.
I really wanted Tom to succeed.
You're a terrific writer.
I think Tom got a little tired.
Can I go home early today?
I think Tom knows who did that.
I think I'll stay at home.
I think Tom knows who shot him.
I think you're both crazy.
I think Tom really deserves it.
I think you're both wrong.
Actually, I do not really know.
Do you know Tom's surname?
They do not understand.
They would not understand.
It might rain tonight.
This key is not mine.
This is not my key.
I did not know you still care.
Tom is ready for you.
He is a comedian.
Let's greet our visitors.
Where will we find the truth?
Are you sure we have not met before?
I think they are using you.
I went inside to drink coffee.
If he is tired, let him sleep.
They would not believe me even if I swore it was the truth.
You are envious.
I always brush my teeth after eating sweets.
Where will we start?
They are dancing.
This is not mine.
I could not study at home.
I am looking for a house.
It was cold last night.
I am too sleepy to drive.
Come one Tuesday, if possible.
This is the hospital where I was born.
I am too fat.
No, it is not me! It is you!
It will not happen.
Muiriel is already twenty years old.
I will try not to disturb you while you are studying.
Today is June and it is Muriel's birthday!
Daniel is making ube cake.
Daniel is making chocolate cake.
Daniel is making mango cake.
Daniel is making mango juice.
Daniel is making calamansi juice.
Daniel is making coconut juice.
That is the tallest building I have ever seen.
I didn't know you still cared.
I think Tom was a little tired.
It's definitely a problem.
Tom wants me to come to Boston.
My throat is a little dry.
Where should I ask Tom to wait?
The system isn't flawless.
I don't know why Tom isn't here.
We're really running late.
I think Tom is doing a fine job.
I have a complaint to make.
I think Tom is going to love it.
I really hope that happens.
I think Tom is handling it well.
I really regret what I did.
I'll ask Tom to do that for you.
I really shouldn't be here.
I'll never forget what Tom said.
It seemed pretty important.
Should Tom really be doing that?
Obviously that wasn't true.
This cake tastes delicious.
I learned French all by myself.
Since when have you been using contact lenses?
When did you start using contact lenses?
When did you start wearing contact lenses?
When did you start wearing glasses?
He set out to make a movie as gruesome as humanly possible.
I don't make films. I make movies. You know, the kind with lots of guns, explosions, and high-speed car chases.
I can't help you anymore, unfortunately.
Do you want to see a movie that's both entertaining and thought-provoking?
A lot of young people your age are already working and have a family.
The face of an angel appeared in his dream.
The protestors broke through the barricades in front of the presidential palace.
He is the future president.
You made the holes deeper.
I'd like to say three sentences about that.
He never says no when people ask him for something, and because of that, naturally, everybody takes advantage of him for virtually everything.
Where do cedars grow?
He is utterly insane.
Not to ask is not to be denied.
You can certainly call him a pushover, but not a coward.
I don't need a Facebook account in order to have friends.
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action.
No one tests the depth of a river with both feet.
Better ask twice than lose your way once.
Harald? That is indeed an unusual name.
Click on the button below to confirm your order.
Tom doesn't live here in Boston.
That remains a big problem.
Tom gave me everything I needed.
The system is working well.
Tom gave me everything I wanted.
This is my younger brother.
Tom has a good friend in Boston.
Three workers were injured.
Tom has a scar on his right leg.
What's your manager's name?
Tom has been around for a while.
Can any of you speak French?
Tom has probably retired by now.
Do you have an extra ticket?
Tom needs to do that more often.
I almost fell into the pool.
Tom only does what he has to do.
I almost fell off the cliff.
Tom said Mary was a nice person.
I asked you not to go there.
Harald? What an unusual name!
She left Osaka yesterday.
Click on the button to confirm your order.
He avoided it in every way.
I could not believe my eyes!
"I believe people are fundamentally good." "Well, I think they're fundamentally evil." "You're both wrong. They're actually fundamentally neutral." "What?! Impossible! Human nature can't possibly be so despicable as to be based on the repugnant attitude that is neutrality."
Money is useless on a desert island.
All the money in the world won't help you if you're stuck on a desert island.
I didn't understand the second-to-the-last line.
Carmen is a Spanish name.
How long can a person live without water?
I haven't heard from him in a year.
I haven't heard from her in a year.
That is called true love.
Human nature can't possibly be so despicable as to be based on the loathsome attitude that is neutrality.
The elephants are drinking water.
Authority corrupts its holder and debases its victims.
Tom said that was fine with him.
Tom will be missed by all of us.
I may go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom wouldn't let me in his room.
I nearly fell into the pool.
Tom's family liked it in Boston.
I nearly fell off the cliff.
What else did Tom say he needed?
I should've come here first.
Both Tom and Mary are dog owners.
I should've done it already.
Do you really feel sorry for Tom?
I should've never done that.
Does Tom still have one of those?
I sure wish I could do that.
I heard that Tom is in Australia.
It's not our responsibility.
I know Tom isn't very happy here.
That's always a possibility.
To try to change men by law is just like trying to change your face by getting a new mirror. For men make laws, not laws men. The law merely reflects men as they are, as the mirror reflects your features.
It is just because fear of punishment has no deterrent effect that crime continues in spite of all laws and courts, prisons and executions.
It has been established that poverty and unemployment, with their attendant misery and despair, are the chief sources of crime. Is there any law to prevent poverty and unemployment?
It is the business of the politician, the "science of politics", to make you believe that the law protects you and your interests, when it merely serves to keep up the system which robs, dupes, and enslaves you in body and mind.
The trouble is not with impure politics, but that the whole game of politics is rotten.
Libraries are one of our most valuable resources.
Please be sure to make a contribution to your local library.
I went to a book sale yesterday and bought lots of great books.
I went to a book sale yesterday, but none of the books were interesting.
Physical books take up way too much space, so I read with my eReader and my smartphone.
I read physical books, because I like the way they feel.
Physical books have infinite battery life, are very durable, and you can flip pages instantly.
I read physical books because I like not being limited by battery life.
I read on electronic devices, since I mostly read at night.
We need donations.
Please give generously.
I went to a book sale.
I read on my smartphone, because it fits in my pocket, while books don't.
Please give us all of your money.
Give us all of your money.
We have tons of money.
We have oodles of cash.
She's at work.
We're trying to get donations.
Try not saying "I don't know" for a day. Instead, give more detailed explanations. It's a habit that might stick.
Miami is the biggest city in Florida.
It must be supposed that reading was one of his morbid habits, as he fell upon anything that came into his hands with equal avidity.
If at first you don't succeed, give up.
No wonder nobody likes you.
He is a very bad person.
He's such a wimp.
Stop hitting yourself.
I'm not touching you.
"You're stupid." "I know you are, but what am I?"
If you don't stop, I'll tell my Mom.
If you don't stop, I'll tell Mom.
Please don't tell Dad.
Please don't tell Mom.
Please don't tell.
If you tell on me, I'll make your life miserable.
Sometimes it seems like his only purpose in life is to make me miserable.
Sometimes it feels like his only purpose in life is to make me miserable.
Give me all of your money.
I am willing to bet that that particular segment of the population did not vote for him.
Many Americans believe Barack Obama is a Muslim.
I know Tom will get the job done.
Three officers were wounded.
I know Tom won't want to do that.
What type of person are you?
I think Tom has done a great job.
I don't come here very often.
I think Tom has done this before.
I take advantage of discounts.
I'm pretty sure Tom is a teacher.
I think that's a better idea.
I'm quite sure Tom won't do that.
I think this is a good thing.
Maybe Tom will apologize to Mary.
I think this is a great idea.
Shall I ask Tom to call you back?
I'm sorry. It was my mistake.
Tom asked Mary how she was doing.
That remains a major problem.
Tom asked Mary who her father was.
Where did you buy that shirt?
I fixed the clocks.
She's wearing a strange-looking hat.
I am rubber, you are glue; whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you.
She asked me if I knew how to read.
Those men were armed to the teeth.
Cobbler, stick to your last.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to read.
Tom asked Mary what kind of books she liked to read.
Tom asked Mary how many hours a week she spent reading.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had bought a book was.
Tom asked Mary what kind of movies she liked to watch.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she liked to listen to.
Tom asked Mary what kind of food she liked to eat.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to go for lunch.
Tom asked Mary why she was laughing.
Every day has eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds.
He's thinking of selling his house.
He's thinking he'll sell his house.
I was forced to sell my car.
I must sell my house.
I didn't need to sell my car.
We're all convinced that he's innocent.
Each day has 86,seconds.
The public hold him to be innocent.
There are 86,seconds in a day.
The role of a lawyer is to prove that his client is innocent.
An attorney's job is proving that his client is innocent.
I only used it twice.
I've only used this two times.
He visited Kyoto twice.
I've already been to America two times.
I've been to America twice already.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day.
I translated this sentence twice.
I was in Paris twice last year.
He made the same mistake twice.
After taking off, the plane circled the airport twice.
Tom asked me to give this to you.
Do you have any extra tickets?
Tom has always wanted to do that.
I bought this shirt yesterday.
Tom has been accused of cheating.
I don't like waiting in lines.
Tom has been away for three days.
I don't like watching sitcoms.
Tom has never asked me for money.
I like to do things on my own.
Tom is one of Mary's ex-husbands.
I made a lot of stupid errors.
Tom obviously wants to help Mary.
I need to get all the details.
Tom said he regretted doing that.
I need to know what you think.
Tom said he wasn't ready to talk.
I never actually wanted a car.
Tom said he wouldn't do it again.
I never wish to see you again.
The churches preach to you a gospel which they know you cannot live up to; they call upon you to become a "better man" without giving you the chance to do so. On the contrary, they uphold the conditions that make you "bad," while they command you to be "good."
He has an unpronounceable name.
This dictionary is up to date.
Do not be afraid to kill Edward; it is good.
Do not kill Edward; it is good to fear.
That is exactly what he was looking for.
It went pretty well for us.
I feel very strongly about it.
The magician's use of smoke and mirrors was an elaborate facade.
The man stared down his sparring partner before giving him a right hook to the jaw.
I have no affiliation with your university.
The artist painted the most intricate of murals on the old stone wall.
The bread was scorched from being cooked on the open flame of the camp fire.
The sun scorched the land and withered the crops.
What do you like better, music or English?
What's faster, a taxi or the subway?
Some animals, such as tigers, eat meat.
A light, airy puff flows from this perfume.
Do you know where he is?
My world is your world too.
I have not any children to pass on the legacy of our misery.
Now tell me, how much does a card cost?
Now tell me, how much does a map cost?
They already know it.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Spain. I mean, Argentina.
There's going to be a book sale.
There's going to be a book sale tomorrow.
Want to come to the book sale with me?
I love going to book sales.
At book sales there are always so many interesting books that I can never afford them all.
Do any of these interest you?
I'm a grammar Nazi.
Don't be such a grammar Nazi.
Linguistic prescriptivism is unscientific, and is criticized as such by those who are actual linguists.
Despite what many would have you believe, languages do not decay. They change. This change is neither good nor bad.
All dialects are equal.
Grammar Nazis often commit spelling mistakes while criticizing the typos of others.
I make a point of ignoring people who write with spelling erors.
Run away!
Let's run away together.
Let's elope.
Every day, I spend hours doing nothing of import.
I'm glad our paths crossed.
He is the most cutthroat person I know.
He is ruthless.
He is merciless.
Show no mercy.
Kill them all. Spare no one.
Do you know who you are talking to?
I love watching the stars.
I can never see the stars because of all the light pollution.
Would it be faster to get there by taxi or by subway?
Tom says that won't happen again.
I never worry much about that.
Tom wasn't wearing a life jacket.
I only want to know the facts.
When do you think you'll see Tom?
I really should mop the floor.
Both Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Do you really want Tom to do that?
I really wish I could do that.
Do you really want to see Tom cry?
I still can't believe my luck.
I asked Tom to lend me some money.
I still can't figure that out.
I hardly ever talk to Tom anymore.
I still have stuff to work on.
I knew that was Tom's handwriting.
I still would like to do that.
I spoke to Tom just the other day.
I suppose that's all I can do.
I could use a little help over here.
I don't do kindness.
Do you have a big house?
I like your house.
He doesn't walk.
Where did you put the book I was reading?
Which one of these is your book?
Tom drives to work every day.
Tom often drives his father's car.
Tom hardly ever walks anywhere.
Tom doesn't usually walk anywhere.
Tom says he'd rather walk than take a bus.
What's the fastest way to get to the airport?
That man spoke little.
Focus.
You have to focus.
We have to focus.
His theory is not amenable to simplification for laymen.
I hate riding a bicycle.
I hate arguing.
I hate quarreling.
I hate arguments.
I hate to get into arguments.
I hate to get into an argument.
There was pink mold in that bathroom.
The bread was mouldy, but Tom ate it nevertheless.
Peace is not the absence of war; it is the presence of justice.
Some tourists visiting the city of Victoria in Canada are delighted at its hints of Britishness. Victoria has even aped London's famous double-decker buses as a mode of public transportation.
Because of their good work history and excellent credit record, the bank manager felt safe in offering Tom and Mary a mortgage at only two percent above the prime interest rate.
Lumberjacks who make charcoal live there.
When will you need it?
I am such a poor image of misery! Regardless, I will face my destiny with an attitude worthy of admiration!
I think Tom is afraid of your dog.
I take partial responsibility.
I told Tom that I didn't like him.
I thank all of you for coming.
I'd rather not ask Tom to do that.
I think I can facilitate that.
I'm sure Tom knows why we're here.
I think I got my point across.
Is Tom better at French than Mary?
I think I have a lot to offer.
Tom could've done better, I think.
I think I know as much as you.
Tom handed Mary a bottle of water.
I think it makes a difference.
Tom has a mole under his left eye.
I think it's a fantastic idea.
Tom has come up with another plan.
I think it's a realistic fear.
Tom has lost almost thirty pounds.
I think it's a wonderful idea.
Which is faster, a taxi or a subway?
I'm behind schedule.
They're behind schedule.
The event has been postponed.
The event has been postponed until further notice.
You have been banned from participating until further notice.
This elevator is out of order.
The vending machine is out of order.
The elevator isn't working.
My phone's stopped working.
My laptop's stopped working.
My laptop crashed.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Have you tried unplugging it and plugging it back in?
Have you tried turning it on?
Have you tried rebooting it?
Have you tried restarting it?
Reboot the computer.
Could you do me the favor of telling the doorman the elevator doesn't work?
The party host had a Portuguese accent.
Is it legal to build this wall of separation?
Have you tried restarting your computer?
Have you tried restarting your router?
Who doesn't know some Spanish?
Please don't come in.
Don't let the dog come in.
That is a depressing thought.
I'm going into the store.
An oppressive feeling attacked me around the chest.
He found the silence oppressive.
Tom was fast asleep when Mary entered the room.
I went into your school.
The books are small.
An excellent idea!
Here you go.
Here you go, the bill.
I love my Italian dialect.
Tom has never been back to Boston.
I think it's too early to tell.
Tom hasn't yet decided what to do.
I think that about sums it up.
Tom told me Mary wanted to see me.
I think that would be awesome.
Tom wants me to help him tomorrow.
I think that's a bad solution.
Tom's daughter has been kidnapped.
I think that's a huge mistake.
Does Tom still live on Park Street?
I think the future looks good.
I believe he said his name was Tom.
I think things are going well.
I didn't know Tom had a sports car.
I think this is a big mistake.
I don't care who Tom gives this to.
I think this is the best part.
I talked to Tom just the other day.
I think we can be competitive.
I'm looking for my shoes. Have you seen them?
He went very quietly came into close contact.
The results are currently being analyzed.
I use that little flag as a placeholder.
We cry justice for the victim of the recent shooting in Manila.
An innocent biker was shot by an arrogant soldier on that street.
Did Jane pray last night?
Death penalty has been restored in this country.
He was a funny president.
Not all clowns are funny.
If humans were meant to write, they would have pencils for hands.
If humans were meant to fly, they would have wings.
I need your guarantee that nothing will happen to her.
Calculus was developed by Leibniz and Newton independently of each other around the same time period.
The designs are very symmetrical.
Symmetry is a virtue.
Cleanliness is a virtue.
Latin was written without spaces between the letters, and entirely in uppercase.
One person's virtue is another person's vice.
One person's vice is another person's virtue.
Even native speakers of a language don't know all of its words.
Learning vocabulary is a neverending struggle.
Health is more valuable than wealth.
Health is worth more than wealth.
I have to buy shoes.
It would serve no purpose to discuss those schools of Socialism (improperly so called) that do not stand for the abolition of capitalism and wage slavery.
Speak to me in English.
I speak French as well as Tom.
I am a highly qualified professional.
We'll be back in twenty minutes.
Love has risen before us, like a an assassin in the night, and has reached the two of us.
Muriel turned 20.
I don't learn.
I don't study.
We fly through Taiwan.
We flew through Taiwan.
Suddenly, it started to rain.
It's a shame Tom didn't know.
What he is saying is very important.
What she is saying is very important.
What you are saying is very important.
We're friends since Monday.
That woman has a strong personality.
She's a woman with a strong personality.
This table is taken.
They admired each other.
I've broken off contact with Tom.
I don't know who is weirder, you or me.
I've always had a sweet tooth.
All these events go against my plans.
Unlike his father, he was always smiling.
Just like his parents, he will be a teacher.
Some guy was trying to intimidate me.
I love our little jokes and I'm quite jealous of your thinking and views on things.
I don't like energy drinks.
I think Tom thought Mary liked him.
I think we have to be patient.
I'll ask Tom to buy tickets for us.
I think we need some time off.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't eat that.
I think we need to be careful.
Is that the book that Tom gave you?
This is all entirely my fault.
This has been a tough week for Tom.
When does your vacation start?
Tom has been there for three years.
Can I have your number, please?
Tom is going to be out for a while.
I believe that it's all a hoax.
Tom is married to a famous actress.
I don't know why they did that.
Tom might want to go there with us.
I just heard another explosion.
Tom said he's not going to do that.
I think I saw a UFO last night.
Go on ahead and tell the others we're coming.
Go ahead and tell the others we're coming.
"English has a lot of French words because of the Mormon Conquest." "You mean Norman Conquest." "Yeah, whatever."
Don't worry about me. I'll find a way to get by.
He did everything in adherence to the same mold.
Out of every metal, iron is the most useful.
Personally, I think that's a bunch of malarkey.
I think that's a lot of malarkey.
I think that's a lot of hogwash.
That's a bunch of malarkey.
That's a bunch of hogwash.
What a bunch of hogwash!
What a bunch of malarkey!
That's horrific! Unless people like it, in which case I support it 100%.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
It's the best.
It's going to be the best.
My, those are some very large hands you have.
He has absolutely no chance of being elected president.
It is inconceivable that he could ever be elected president.
It is inconceivable that he could ever win.
This is the best country in the world.
Tom silently looked at the face of his lifelong enemy who was sitting down across the table.
I think the couple is faced with a challenge that they will have to overcome together.
I am completely and totally against immigration and emigration. No one should ever be allowed to enter or leave this city. Boston for the Bostonians!
I just bought a new pair of beach shorts.
Like my new pants?
Like my new beach shorts?
Like my new shirt?
You are one of the most disgusting people I've ever had the misfortune to encounter. And I mean that in the best possible way.
You are a disgusting person. No offense.
We're saving up so our children can go to college.
We have no rainy day fund. If something unexpected pops up, we will be unable to cope.
Do you like my new shirt?
Here's your beer.
Much gold is mined here.
There was no time to think.
In order to get a cheap ticket, you need to buy it way in advance.
The teacher explained the difference between the sentences "We all know Tom is guilty" and "All that we know is that Tom is guilty."
We all know that Tom is guilty.
All we know is that Tom is guilty.
All of us except for Tom thought Mary was guilty.
Tom was probably born in Australia.
I think this is a great system.
Did Tom really want Mary to do that?
The system is hardly foolproof.
I don't expect Tom to be here today.
Things are quite different now.
I don't know why Tom went to Boston.
Visiting hours are almost over.
I hope you and Tom have a good time.
You shouldn't have bought that.
I think Tom was supposed to be here.
How hard would it be to do that?
I'm not going to ask Tom to do that.
I didn't ask you not to do that.
I've known Tom since I was thirteen.
I didn't really want to do that.
I've never asked Tom to do anything.
I made a lot of stupid mistakes.
The pie that Tom made was delicious.
I pay someone to clean my house.
Where's the love?
I have been promoted to senior trainer.
When I was three years old my name Tom was changed to John.
Men love to talk.
Is it free of charge?
When I was three years old, my name was changed from Tom to John.
Just get off the internet and do something you enjoy.
Far be it from me to understand the French.
I am indifferent to flattery.
I'm happy with the way things are.
Every minute with you is a gift.
Every minute is a gift.
I'm so glad I listened to you.
Mary is a very vengeful person.
I am touched by your concern.
I'm used to being ignored at the breakfast table.
I am studying English Literature at the University of Illinois.
I'm doubly disappointed on the lack of improvement from my team.
You have no idea how delighted I am to meet you.
I've got a diploma from the Paris Conservatory of Music.
I'm no different from any other mother.
I guess I'm a country boy at heart.
Well, I always have time for a friend. They know they can count on me.
I have always been very passionate about politics.
I have always been very passionate about biology.
I have always been very passionate about literature.
I have always been very passionate about fencing.
I have always been very passionate about music.
I have always been very passionate about mathematics.
I have always been very passionate about philosophy.
I have always been very passionate about food.
I have always been very passionate about painting.
I have always been very passionate about poetry.
Everything always goes in one ear and out the other with him.
I simply can't wait to be married.
I'm just as confounded as you are.
I'm showing an interest in the classics.
If he were as intelligent as he thinks he is, he wouldn't say such absurd things.
Tell me, is toying with people's feelings a favorite pastime of yours?
I am proud of the work that has been done by my colleagues.
I'm relieved to hear that you arrived safe and sound in Morocco.
I'm a better actress than I am a waitress.
Anyway, I am grateful that we're still together.
I moved hoping I'd be left alone but it just wasn't the case.
I'm supposed to be finding Tom a good lawyer.
I'm a diabetic, overweight, and have a slight heart problem.
I'm a very big fan of their food.
I'm supposed to take out the trash tonight.
I'm glad that we're making progress.
English is my best subject.
That's not original.
I'd like to know how to paint like that.
No one is coming to look for you.
He is bent on buying a seaside villa.
He insists on buying a seaside villa.
He is not mature enough to live alone.
Second set, Krajicek to serve.
This is incredible! How do you hit a winner from that position?!
I'm glad I listened to you.
Tom eats chocolate almost every day.
I pay someone to do that for me.
Tom has a younger sister named Mary.
I really should be getting home.
Tom has an older brother named John.
I think they do that on purpose.
Tom has changed his mind about that.
It's about time you went to bed.
Tom has three sons and one daughter.
That man looks vaguely familiar.
Tom isn't the right man for the job.
Things are very different today.
Tom never forgave me for doing that.
Would you like a second serving?
Tom says that someday he'll do that.
You're here awfully early today.
Has Tom already been told about this?
Would you like a second helping?
Would you like another helping?
That was a huge mistake.
This is a prerequisite for participating in the competition.
Nobody said that.
I had limited time to write my essay, so I cut corners here and there.
My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
Fortunately, Tom did not get seriously hurt.
Didn't I ask you not to do that?
He's got a reputation for being really ruthless.
He's ahead of us in so many ways.
Make no mistake, they are extremely dangerous.
She said she was here for an audition.
We're currently in the middle of a civil war.
We flew over their farm in a helicopter.
We have a lot of expertise in this area.
Our trip was long, difficult and dangerous. We're just happy to be back home in one piece.
It's because of them that I'm so miserable.
Friends come in handy at times like this.
This place is known for its delicious desserts.
Mary has gone off to explore the mountain.
They live in a house over there through the woods.
They are out of touch with reality. They only care about their power, and the money they earn.
I am pretty sure she'll make it alive.
He's done business with this company for years.
I take great pleasure in studying English in high school.
English is my favorite subject in high school.
I cannot get enough of it.
He made a good impression.
He left a good impression.
Mark the correct answer.
Can't you tell that Tom is upset?
Mary is pregnant, can't you tell?
We, as a society, have many problems.
That's not a real problem.
That's a made-up problem that only affects lazy rich people.
Philosophy is my passion.
Painting is my passion.
Art is my passion.
Poetry is my passion.
That's a first world problem.
One example of a first world problem would be not having Wi-Fi access in your entire house because it is too big.
Poetry consists of the best words arranged in the best order.
Turtles don't have teeth.
My father used to eat in that restaurant.
Most people don't have researched, well-thought-out positions regarding economic policy. They have opinions based on feelings.
Most people base their political positions on feelings rather than evidence.
Most people don't research their political positions.
A lot of people have strong opinions about economic policy despite knowing very little about economics.
He was pleased with the hotel room.
These colours are beautiful.
Who chose those colours?
Tom chose the colours.
Tom coloured the picture.
The colours are vivid.
I love the colours.
Do you like this colour?
I prefer a lighter colour.
What colour is your hair?
The colour won't fade.
I like the colour violet.
Tom passed with flying colours.
I like the bright colours.
Those colours go well together.
Do you like the colours?
What colour are your eyes?
What colour is your truck?
What colour is your car?
What colour was Tom wearing?
What colour is your dress?
That's a pretty colour.
Blue is my favourite colour.
The leaves have changed colours.
What colours do you like?
What colour do you like?
My favourite colour is orange.
Which colour do you prefer?
You should go to the doctor.
You should go see a doctor.
You should go see a doctor for that.
As usual, I don't need to say anything to you. You always immediately understand what I mean.
I am filthy rich.
They are filthy rich.
She is filthy rich.
He is filthy rich.
We are filthy rich.
I want to be successful.
The aubergine is a vegetable.
The eggplant is a vegetable.
A tomato is a red vegetable.
For every action, there is a corresponding reaction.
The more a man has, the more he wants.
Do y'all smoke?
Do you guys smoke?
It's made of glass.
I'm filthy stinking rich!
The house where we spent our first days is unforgettable. It is the best and most loved one. That is where my youngest sister learned to walk in December. Even the smallest corners of every room evoke sweet memories.
Reason trumps strength.
Sea turtles don't have teeth.
Garlic is good for one's health.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
What a lovely view!
I'm not sure if that's a real word.
Our cat fought with someone's else's cat.
Everyone is a drunkard.
This is reasonable.
The geopolitical situation is very volatile.
The current geopolitical situation is very volatile.
We didn't come here to watch you pet your dog.
The tourists drove past blooming fruit trees.
Maria used this table.
Dolphins have at least the intelligence of humans, but no arms and hands; for this reason they have never conquered the world, and for this reason they are not destroying the world.
If I had time, I'd visit more exhibitions.
I live just two steps from here.
I live just two steps away from here.
I don't obey them.
A man who suffers before it is necessary suffers in his life more than is necessary.
A person who suffers before it is necessary suffers more in life than is necessary.
May I borrow your headphones?
Can I borrow your headphones?
I am not breaking anything.
I break nothing.
I don't break anything.
Put yourself into a status that allows you not only to act, but also to think.
The tide normally leaves the beach walkers only a narrow strip of sand they can walk on without getting their feet wet.
People often know perfectly well what they are doing.
I would like to write a book about Cyprus.
The owl kills her young, and afterwards she cries about it.
She was beautiful and charming, but looked at her husband's poetic efforts with complete indifference.
Tom never called me.
Tom has never called me.
Gulls have strong and fairly long beaks.
Isn't life one hundred times too short for boredom?
I would like to meet her.
I would like to meet them.
I dropped it into the garbage chute and forgot about it.
I need to apologize to Ann.
Maria makes an outstanding mayonnaise.
I'm a German native speaker, and I'm looking for a tandem partner for German-French language exchange.
Maria's very favorite drink is green tea.
Maria always drinks milk at breakfast.
Tom usually drinks beer for supper.
Tom usually drank beer for supper.
Children like to drink fruit juice.
Please give him the news when he comes back.
You are uniquely talented; it's a shame you haven't learned more.
Please give him the message when he comes back.
Because he is wealthy, he can go there.
I hate every single other country. Even Palau.
Violence against women is one of the most frequent violations of human rights worldwide.
I don't want them to see me.
I will have it.
In two years, Pierrette wasn't complimented once, and never heard a single kind word.
We're lowering ourselves to his level.
My grandparents never liked coffee with milk.
We breastfed our babies.
You will not touch that.
Do you have any sugar?
I need a cup of sugar.
He told me that he would assign all his employees to the same task.
I can do breaststroke but not backstroke.
You almost convinced me.
That is actually very simple.
It's actually very simple.
I returned the book, but it's still showing up in my account.
Don't put sugar in the coffee.
I will make sure that never happens again.
I'm doing this so it won't happen again.
I can't be manipulated.
I'm doing this so it doesn't happen again.
I asked for her approval.
Her approval is important to me.
He was encircled by a crowd of reporters.
Mary was forced to sell her parents' house, where she had grown up, and this made her heart ache.
Whenever Mary would go into her parents' house, for her it was like a journey through time: nothing had changed since the day she'd gone away to study; her parents had discarded nothing; everything was in its place just as she had left it.
What does "Merci beaucoup!" in French mean?
Which windows are broken?
I trust my enemies more than my friends.
They developed a treatment for this disease.
Pick any card.
Happiness is more important than wealth.
‘Creole’ means pertaining to people who are descended from a mixed European and African background, especially in the Caribbean islands, and their culture and cuisine, or the languages of these people or of others.
Spelling is writing or saying, in the correct sequence, the letters that make up a word.
The computer does not turn off anymore.
I abstain.
You shouldn't have!
Because this sentence is only spam, please feel free to delete it from the database.
He won't survive more than a day.
What if every day were Saturday?
It looks like it's going to rain tomorrow.
Can you exchange this watch for a ring?
I always try to drink milk at breakfast.
They became famous after the accident.
I never seem to remember his address.
He managed to cross the river swimming.
Have you ever petted a snake?
The substance can also destroy plants.
A third cousin is the great-granddaughter of the brother or sister of a great-grandparent.
Monica didn't study very much.
A second cousin is the granddaughter of the brother or sister of a grandparent.
You got up and went to the window.
It's optional.
It's not optional.
You can make your choice freely without fear of retribution.
The way to make something fun is to turn it into a competition.
You have to make a choice.
You must choose.
It's either him or me.
"If you really loved me, you'd do it." "But I do love you." "Then why won't you do it?"
I'm going to go out on a date with her.
I'm going to go out on a date with him.
I've started dating again.
The twin suns are revolving around our planet.
Death and destruction will rain on you.
We must leave now, or we will die.
If you don't leave now, you'll die.
If you don't leave now, they'll kill you.
They were waiting to be rescued.
They died while waiting to be rescued.
If you were stuck on a desert island for the rest of your life, and you could bring ten songs to listen to, what would they be?
Vengeance breeds more vengeance.
The arrows fell from the sky so densely, it was as if it were raining spears.
My horse is dead.
I have no horse.
My cat ran away and never came back.
My horse ran away.
Have you tried putting up an ad?
She put posters all over the city.
Death rained from the skies.
I don't have a horse.
This should be wrapped up as soon as possible.
This should be done as soon as possible.
That's going to be a challenge.
They were begging.
I love being in empty rooms.
Finally, I have the house all to myself. Party time!
I want you and me to be safe from any unpleasant surprises.
A single hopper-style rail car contains an amount of metallurgical coal sufficient to smelt the steel used to manufacture three hundred automobiles.
The conveyor belt at the Canadian coal port can fill a Japanese or Chinese ship at the rate of four thousand tonnes of coal per hour.
The vase was shattered.
Could you give a simple self-introduction?
Let me crunch some numbers and get back to you on that.
I wouldn't be surprised if his wife were a mail-order bride. He's that awful.
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture.
Linda likes eating chocolate.
My parents think I'm studying medicine.
"I need to inspect the wound," said the doctor.
You can use a telescope to look at the stars.
You want to watch a French film, is that right?
We have to thoroughly investigate it.
The difference between a standalone sentence and a sentence in the middle of an essay is that the latter has context.
Lions, wolves, elephants, and horses are all animals.
There shouldn't be any major problems.
I love walls, and I love China. I especially love the Great Wall of China. They're all tremendous.
I asked because I thought you knew.
She was the last guest.
I want to go to Hawaii.
At first there will be many unrecognized words and grammatical forms, but don't be scared.
Dad bought a book for me.
I think this is true.
I don't understand any French.
The computer is undoubtedly a valuable tool.
You should help him.
Even if you don't want to, you have to go.
He's really interested in biology.
Whoever speaks ill of his wife disgraces himself.
China developed very quickly.
What were the contents of the letter?
He had no friends, no money, no home...but he played happily all the same.
Dad bought me a book.
There's no need to hail a taxi.
I believe the medium size will fit you better.
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
Chinese is a language that has four tones.
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor.
You make a decision for yourself on this matter.
His class makes us despair.
I don't have friends to play with.
Don't look down on yourself, because people have limitless possibilities.
The hunter chases the rabbit in the fields.
This mountain is meters tall.
Afterwards when they went out there was not a soul on the sea-front. The town with its cypresses had quite a deathlike air, but the sea still broke noisily on the shore.
There are bedsteads screwed to the floor. Men in blue hospital dressing-gowns, and wearing nightcaps in the old style, are sitting and lying on them. These are the lunatics.
I just told Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
At Tatoeba, it is better not to annotate or specify a precise meaning that is not an integral part of the sentence. You can add multiple sentences instead of putting a part of the sentence in parentheses.
At Tatoeba we don't use parentheses to indicate alternative ways to translate something. Instead, we just post two or more separate translations linked to the original sentence.
The linking tool is above the sentence being translated and is the first icon on the left; it looks like a combination of a Japanese character and the letter A.
The audience applauded.
Speak slower.
Talk slower.
Tom was the first guy I ever kissed years ago.
Today they'll be showing a good film.
Today they'll show a good movie.
That task wasn't easy.
You were disadvantaged.
You were wronged.
The teacher looked for the walking-stick.
We lost sight of each other.
Here there are many wildflowers.
Can you not see that Mary is pregnant?
Who'd like ice cream?
Tom has cut himself off from all his companions and lives, self-absorbed, in a fantasy world populated by imaginary friends.
Mary took the key from the keychain and handed it to Tom. He was now the owner of her little house.
This is all tomfoolery.
You were out of favour.
Tom sprinkled water on the vegetables with the garden hose.
The garden at Tom's house was heavily overgrown. For over a year no one had bothered to look after it anymore.
Tom watered the garden with the hose.
At first Mary had thought of renting out her house; but everyone advised her to sell it.
Mary's not envious.
Never in my life do I want to see Tom again.
Mary is more sympathetic to me than Tom is.
This cultivar is the champion amongst mushrooms.
Mary would fall from her chair if she were to find out how her so-called friends talk about her behind her back.
Were I to make the truth known to Tom, he would not believe it and would flee even deeper into his fantasy world.
Four hundred and sixteen Chinese Olympic athletes are in Rio.
You are entitled to hold your beliefs, but you are not entitled to mandate those beliefs for others.
Christ walked, talked and ate with people that society in those days called sinners. He did not single out anyone for persecution.
A Christian transgendered person I know said: "God has better things to do than to make up rules on who can use which bathroom."
The U.S. is not a theocracy, although some shallow thinkers would like it to be so. They forget that if some religion becomes the established authority, the government might become controlled by someone else's religion, not theirs.
There is no question that George Balanchine was one of the most famous ballet choreographers of his time.
Although most people thought of the Bible as a compendium of inspirational thought and Near Eastern traditions, an American school board wanted to declare it a science textbook.
The founder of the Peace Corps exhorted its volunteers to let their actions speak for their hearts, for their minds and for their country.
The slogan "Arbeit macht frei" at the gates of the Nazi concentration camps was entirely cynical. The prisoners who believed the deceitful promise that work would set them free had no real chance of freedom, regardless of how much they laboured. Many of them were worked to death; many more were deliberately exterminated.
"I greet you, dear colleagues, brothers and sisters of the great global human family, who have come together from lands near and far, from the most diverse nations in the world, to shake each other's hands in brotherhood, in the name of a great idea which unites us all...."
Tom is quick to learn.
Caffeine is an addictive drug.
Lee has a small dog named Truman. I once thought it was because the dog was straightforward, like the former U.S. president. In fact, the dog's gold-and-black hair called to mind the colours of the Missouri football team, whose mascot is also named Truman.
"Think of me when you go back to Australia," Mary told Tom, as she tried in vain to hold back her tears. "When shall I ever see you again?"
I don't know why we're laughing.
All the best everyone!
All the best to everyone!
I like the assumption that everyone is trying his best, and we should all just be kind to each other.
You got to learn to take what people are willing to give.
So is it just human nature to believe that things happen for a reason - to find some shred of meaning even in the worst experiences?
I'd like to improve my Hungarian.
I'd like to improve my Hungarian skills.
This movie sucks.
I advise you to go to Boston with Tom.
Our store isn't open.
Every year my family visits Italy.
I wish you a nice weekend!
Wish you a nice weekend!
I wish you a beautiful weekend!
If I had a dime for every time I heard that, I'd be rich.
Paradoxically, drinkable water is the first thing in short supply after a flood.
If we continue like this, we won't get anywhere.
I have to ask for help and advice.
Tom doesn't want to talk to me.
He did that to create a distraction.
I have got a lot of books.
It's been ages since we last talked. Let's catch up this weekend over coffee.
It seems that she lied.
It appears that she was lying.
Solar energy is abundant, clean, affordable and renewable.
The rate of growth is growing exponentially.
Will computers one day become smarter than humans?
You must think for yourselves.
You must think for yourself.
But that's not likely at all.
He brags about owning an expensive car.
He called to his father as he went up the stairs.
Hurry up so that you get there in time.
Oddly, she had suddenly disappeared.
Strangely, she has suddenly vanished.
Today my horse is not behaving like he usually does.
My parents were sitting under the tree.
Let go of my hand!
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for you.
There's a bottle in the refrigerator.
You were concentrating.
The fish doesn't taste good.
Many Brazilian schools observed a minute of silence in honor of the victims of the Realengo massacre.
Can I help with something?
Who will they choose?
Who will they elect?
What shall we have for dinner?
You had a really rough day, didn't you?
This is the color of raspberries.
The flower is blue.
The fruit is green.
Which fruit is yellow?
Which dog is black?
He couldn't act his way out of a paper bag.
She couldn't act her way out of a paper bag.
You couldn't act your way out of a paper bag.
He is such a loser.
You are such a loser.
She is such a loser.
They're losers.
I am the biggest loser in the world.
He is a creep.
You are a creep.
I don't understand how someone like that could ever be interested in a loser like me.
The Hungarian flag is red, white and green.
The Italian flag is green, white and red.
They've changed a lot.
Please excuse me; I have to go to the bathroom.
I'm looking at a pretty picture.
Misadventures happen.
They are in a scientific laboratory.
Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
How do you know how hard it is?
I didn't promise anything like that.
Did you see him often?
There are things one is born with, and things one has to cultivate.
Tom is working at the supermarket.
Tom works at the supermarket.
I did half the work; I think I can rest for a bit.
He looked at the watch.
Somebody came.
I'm not Italian.
This cat is white.
What colour is this cat?
Which flower is blue?
Aristotle believed that everything on Earth was made from four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
In Feng Shui, Qi is a type of energy or life force.
According to the Chinese, the five elements are metal, earth, fire, water and wood.
What's the difference between science and pseudo-science?
Can you say that with a straight face?
Aristotle believed that the Earth was the center of the universe.
Tom seems to believe that he's the centre of the universe.
How can you say that with a straight face?
The sign said that we were thirty kilometers from the city.
She isn't what she appears to be.
I don't know why you don't understand.
There are several types of magazines.
The funeral home is accepting flowers today in honor of his mother.
There were so many people at the funeral home today.
Three children are playing in the park.
Mary is a fortune teller.
Mary is a sibyl.
Mary is a seer.
Mary is clairvoyant.
Tom thought she had heard wrong.
Tom thought he had heard wrong.
This house mouse is gray.
What colour is this house mouse?
You don't look like you're having a good day.
You've made me look like an idiot.
Do I look like an idiot to you?
This wax sculpture is very realistic.
Did he kiss you?
"Did he kiss you?" "Yes." "I knew it!"
Tom hung the ornaments on the Christmas tree.
This book is black.
There are many craters on the moon.
You're obviously dying to tell me.
You're obviously dying to know.
My new job starts Monday.
Tom just stood there staring like an idiot.
Where did he kiss you?
"Where did he kiss you?" "On my lips." "No, I mean, where were you when he kissed you?"
What are you staring at like an idiot?
This flower is blue.
Tom's cheeks turned red.
His cheeks turned red.
Let's take it one step at a time.
What colour is this flower?
She was obviously dying to know.
Tom was obviously dying to know.
Mary pretended to polish her nails.
The street was dark.
Tom believes that the Earth is flat.
Mary looked into her crystal ball.
Mary is a scryer.
Mary looked into her magic mirror.
Is light a wave or a particle?
After the performance, she went backstage.
When I was a boy, I always got up early.
There are too many tourists.
Venice now has fewer than 60,residents.
About million tourists come to Venice each year.
This is Russia!
This is "free of charge".
This is a lie.
We are the country of clowns?
This is a cat.
Tom is annoyed with Maria.
The lake is blue.
The boy wants to go to the toilet.
Tom smoked a cigarette out of boredom.
She is looking at a beautiful picture.
I took a day off.
You took a day off.
You can't sell the cow and keep the milk.
I always eat lunch at two.
I always have rice for lunch.
Tom wanted to be buried beside his dogs.
Tom was an embittered old man who was weary of life.
During the last six months, Tom's interest in genealogy has grown. He has heard with delight from his parents about their childhood, youth, university studies and marriage.
Tom's maternal grandparents both live in Boston, as does his paternal grandmother Anna, who is a widow residing in an assisted-living facility. Although she is confined to a wheelchair, she is quite lucid and has a good memory for details of events of long ago.
After Tom talked to Anna, his paternal grandmother — making detailed notes about her ancestors and obtaining some basic information about her late husband and his parents — Tom and Mary decided to type out the stories and make up a booklet to present to their children.
One day two impeccably dressed young men arrived at the home of Mary and Tom. Opening the door, Mary saw they were both wearing name tags identifying them as "Elders." Mary giggled; to her eyes, this designation seemed slightly ludicrous, as Elder Hinton was and Elder Bauer was 18.
After Tom and Mary read a few verses from their religious text, they remained noncommittal, but when Tom happened to mention that he had learned a lot from his grandparents about their early life, the missionaries could scarcely contain their excitement.
A volunteer at the genealogy library told Tom he should summarize on a pedigree chart whatever information he had learned from his living grandparents.
One Tatoeba contributor was fascinated to realize that at two widely different times she had created the very same sentence. However, within minutes of her adding the second instance, the Horus script recognized that they were identical, and it automatically deleted the redundant sentence.
Your head is starting to droop.
Some tourists have bad manners.
There are many souvenir shops in the old city.
That is not one of my priorities.
That is not high on my list of priorities.
The flag is fluttering in the wind.
That's pure nonsense.
The acceleration of a body is proportional to the force acting on the body and inversely proportional to the mass of the body.
Things are not black and white.
Things are not always black and white.
You two have a lot in common.
Teenagers are often said to have raging hormones.
That's a hen.
This is a wooden chair.
What does Boyle's law state?
Who is more intelligent?
This isn't a snake!
This isn't a dog, it's a fox.
He was a skilled blacksmith.
Mary is as incompetent as Tom.
Which city is the nearest to Barcelona?
This isn't a ram, it's a goat!
You always leave the bathroom floor wet.
Do you know the name of that beautiful mountain maid?
Quintus has two servants.
What is ISIS?
My son!
Two magpies chased my cat in front of the garage.
Is that magpie pie?
Do magpies really steal things from humans?
Is milk healthy?
Is black tea healthy?
Pray for us to God.
The perihelion is the point where an object in orbit around the Sun is nearest to the Sun.
The aphelion is the point where an object in orbit around the Sun is furthest from the Sun.
The Great Fire of London occurred in 1666.
William the Conqueror defeated king Harold in at the Battle of Hastings.
Harold II was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England.
William the Conqueror conquered England in 1066.
The king was a great huntsman.
Tom is quick tempered and violent.
Robin Hood and his band of merry men live in Sherwood Forest.
The princess disguised herself as a page.
Robin Hood loves Marian.
I love you more than life itself.
In merry England in the time of old, when good King Henry the Second ruled the land, there lived within the green glades of Sherwood Forest, near Nottingham Town, a famous outlaw whose name was Robin Hood.
And now I will tell how it came about that Robin Hood fell afoul of the law.
When Robin was a youth of eighteen, the Sheriff of Nottingham proclaimed a shooting match and offered a prize of a butt of ale to whosoever should shoot the best shaft in Nottinghamshire.
St Paul's Cathedral was destroyed in the Great Fire of London.
St Paul's Cathedral is one of the most famous and most recognisable sights in London.
St Paul's Cathedral was designed by Christopher Wren.
Robin whistled as he trudged along, thinking of Maid Marian and her bright eyes, for at such times a youth's thoughts are wont to turn pleasantly upon the lass that he loves the best.
The arrow whistled within three inches of his head.
The Sheriff of Nottingham swore that he himself would bring this knave Robin Hood to justice.
Robin Hood lay hidden in Sherwood Forest for one year, and in that time there gathered around him many others like himself, cast out from other folk for this cause and for that.
Alchemists tried to turn base metals such as lead into gold.
The philosopher's stone was a legendary substance capable of turning base metals into gold.
Alchemists believed that the philosopher's stone was capable of extending a person's life.
Alchemists tried to transmute base metals into gold and silver.
Blessed are those who mourn: for they will be comforted.
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness: for they will be filled.
Blessed are the merciful: for they will be shown mercy.
Blessed are the peacemakers: for they will be called children of God.
Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
When viewed in an inertial reference frame, an object either remains at rest or continues to move at a constant velocity, unless acted upon by a net force.
When one body exerts a force on a second body, the second body simultaneously exerts a force equal in magnitude and opposite in direction on the first body.
Law I: Every body persists in its state of being at rest or of moving uniformly straight forward, except insofar as it is compelled to change its state by force impressed.
Law II: The alteration of motion is ever proportional to the motive force impressed; and is made in the direction of the right line in which that force is impressed.
Law III: To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction: or the mutual actions of two bodies upon each other are always equal, and directed to contrary parts.
This is surely the most satisfying victory I have had in some while.
Kids grow up so fast.
I don't like to argue about politics.
If you had told me that in the first place, I wouldn't have done it.
Men will sooner forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony.
Tom's lecture was a snooze.
Some of my best friends are British.
I think our relationship is over.
Buy me a snack.
I'll get you something nice.
He gave me the most wonderful present.
She gave me the most wonderful present.
You gave me the most wonderful present.
This is the best present I've ever received!
Would you like fries with that?
Restaurants are expensive.
I'd buy it if I weren't broke.
If I weren't broke, I'd buy it.
That dress is cheap.
The old man envies the youth.
Who doesn't love walls?
The old envy the young.
Has anyone here seen that movie?
Has anyone seen that movie?
Has anybody seen that movie?
Have any of you read that book?
Have you read that book?
Have you seen that movie?
I saw that movie a long time ago.
I read that book a long time ago.
Has anyone read that book?
This is one of my favorite books.
Turn the sound off.
If you're not quiet, they'll hear you.
This is the worst place in the world.
I was wrongfully punished.
That's indeed curious.
In their eyes, he can do no wrong.
The hedgehog hides its head.
Some days require more coffee than others.
"I'm all alone." "But that's not true. You have friends!"
"I'm all alone." "But that's not true at all! You have friends!"
Tom watered the garden with the garden hose.
Registration starts the twentieth of October.
A lot of friends came to wave goodbye to me.
Which metro train goes to the centre?
I bought those sun glasses in the Netherlands.
I have bought those sun glasses in the Netherlands.
Tell us a story!
Tom helped out.
I will buy this bicycle at all cost. Money is no object.
We have a very good chef.
Tom finally got around to going to the dentist.
A lot of people find Tom's abrupt manner off-putting.
Tom's awkward around women.
Tom was beaten up when he came to the aid of one of his friends who was being bullied.
I washed my feet.
Steve is an American name.
That bread is in the oven.
You can see that mountain's perpetual snow from here.
Tom is a gymnast.
Tom is a judoka.
The boys are under the bed.
Hold it like this.
"Hold it like this." "Like that?" "No, like this."
Are you sure you'll be alright here by yourself?
Mary took a self-defence class.
Is that a scientific fact?
I don't care if anyone believes me or not.
I don't care if you believe me.
Mary says that she can see ghosts.
A popular pastime while orbiting Earth is simply looking out the window.
The space station is designed to be a permanent orbiting research facility. Its major purpose is to perform world-class science and research that only a microgravity environment can provide.
The station crew spends their day working on science experiments.
A spacesuit is much more than a set of clothes astronauts wear on spacewalks. A fully equipped spacesuit is really a one-person spacecraft.
The formal name for the spacesuit used on the International Space Station is the Extravehicular Mobility Unit, or EMU.
The spacesuit protects the astronaut from the dangers of being outside in space.
In Earth orbit, conditions can be as cold as minus degrees Fahrenheit. In the sunlight, they can be as hot as degrees. A spacesuit protects astronauts from those extreme temperatures.
Spacesuits supply astronauts with oxygen to breathe while they are in the vacuum of space.
Spacesuits protect astronauts from being injured from impacts of small bits of space dust.
Space dust may not sound very dangerous, but when even a tiny object is moving many times faster than a bullet, it can cause injury.
Spacesuits also protect astronauts from radiation in space.
The spacesuits have visors to protect astronauts' eyes from the bright sunlight.
NASA's first spacesuits were developed for the Mercury program.
NASA's first spacewalks took place during the Gemini program.
Russian cosmonaut Alexei Leonov performed the first spacewalk on March 18, 1965.
The first spacewalk was minutes long.
Astronaut Ed White performed the first American spacewalk during the Gemini mission on June 3, 1965.
The world record for the most spacewalks is held by Russian astronaut Anatoly Solovyev with a total of EVAs and more than hours outside in space.
Experiments can be attached to the outside of a spacecraft to see how the space environment affects different things.
Spacesuits protect spacewalkers from the harsh environment of space.
Spacesuits protect astronauts from extreme hot and cold temperatures, harmful space dust and radiation. They also give astronauts oxygen to breathe and water to drink during spacewalks.
Tom's in heaven now.
Astronauts prepare for spacewalks by practicing their tasks underwater in a giant pool called NASA's Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory.
The microgravity environment of space makes the ISS a unique laboratory for the testing of spacecraft systems that will be required for future exploration missions beyond low Earth orbit.
The ISS travels in orbit around the Earth at an average speed of 27,743.km/h, completing 15.orbits per day.
The ISS is operated jointly among five participating space agencies : the United States’ National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the European Space Agency (ESA), the Russian Federal Space Agency (RKA), the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) , and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA).
An international crew, typically consisting of six members, resides on the ISS for approximately six months at a time.
The ISS requires a constant supply of oxygen to keep the astronauts safe and in top condition.
On Earth, new oxygen is produced from plants through the process of photosynthesis.
The primary sources of oxygen on the ISS are the Russian-built Elektron Oxygen Generator unit and NASA’s Oxygen Generator System (OGS).
Hubble was not the first telescope launched into space, nor is it the largest telescope at astronomers’ disposal.
Hubble’s suite of instruments also allows the observatory to record wavelengths of light not just in the visible range but in ultraviolet and near-infrared wavelengths (which are not visible to our eyes).
Astronauts aboard the ISS do not feel the effects of gravity as we do on Earth.
As the ISS orbits the Earth, both the vehicle and crew members are in a constant state of free-fall causing astronauts to experience a feeling of weightlessness.
Observing with the Hubble telescope, astronomers have refined their calculation for the universe’s expansion rate and discovered the existence of a force called dark energy, which is causing the universe to expand faster and faster as time goes on.
Astronauts are scheduled to exercise approximately two hours per day to maintain their health while on the ISS.
The Advanced Resistive Exercise Device (ARED) allows the crew to engage in resistive exercise onboard the ISS by simulating the use of free weights.
After a long day at work, nothing is better than a good night's sleep.
Space has no "up" or "down."
Astronauts are weightless and can sleep in any orientation. However, they have to attach themselves so they don't float around and bump into something.
Space station crews usually sleep in sleeping bags located in small crew cabins.
Spacewalks usually last between five and eight hours, depending on the job.
Sometimes a large robotic arm is used to move astronauts on spacewalks. Astronauts are attached to the robotic arm using a foot restraint.
The airlock has two doors.
When on a spacewalk, astronauts use safety tethers to attach themselves to their spacecraft.
Astronauts use tethers to keep tools from floating away. They tether their tools to their spacesuits.
SAFER is worn like a backpack. It uses small jet thrusters to let an astronaut move around in space.
As Saturn orbits the Sun, though, our view of its rings changes.
Earth rotates eastward on its axis, one complete turn each day.
At the equator, Earth's surface is rotating at kilometers per hour!
If we launch the rocket toward the east, it will get a big boost from Earth's rotational motion.
The layer of our atmosphere closest to the surface of Earth is called the troposphere. “Tropos” means change. This layer gets its name from the weather that is constantly changing and mixing up the gases in this part of our atmosphere.
The troposphere is between and kilometers thick depending on where you are on Earth. It’s thinnest at the North and South Pole.
The troposphere contains three-quarters of the mass of the entire atmosphere.
The ozone layer helps protect us from ultraviolet radiation from the sun.
Have you ever seen a meteor shower, where meteors burn up and streak across the sky? Those meteors are burning up in the mesosphere.
The exosphere is the outermost layer of our atmosphere.
Infrared radiation, visible light, and ultraviolet light are all types of waves in the electromagnetic spectrum.
Infrared waves have less energy than visible light waves.
Ultraviolet waves have more energy than visible light does. It’s this energy that can hurt us.
Tom and Mary were in a very close relationship; one of them could not be far away from the other.
Ultraviolet light comes from the sun, but it can also bounce off of other surfaces like water, snow, and concrete.
Ultraviolet light can also go through clouds, so you can get sunburns on an overcast day.
Sunblock contains chemicals that can reflect or absorb the ultraviolet light.
Playing the piano is very simple: one only needs to press the right key at the right time.
Scientists define the beginning of interstellar space as the place where the sun’s constant flow of material and magnetic field stop affecting its surroundings. This place is called the heliopause. It marks the end of a region created by our sun that is called the heliosphere.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps naked.
The sun creates the heliosphere by sending a constant flow of particles and a magnetic field out into space at over 670,miles per hour. This stream is called the solar wind.
Never look directly at the Sun, even for a second! It will damage your eyesight forever!
A greenhouse stays warmer than the air outside. Instead of cooling off at night, it traps some of the heat inside to keep the plants warm.
What if Earth's atmosphere started to behave like a too-hot greenhouse? We cannot open Earth's windows or doors to cool it off.
When white light shines through a prism, the light is separated into all its colors.
Volcanoes can be active, dormant, or extinct.
Active volcanoes are volcanoes that have had recent eruptions or are expected to have eruptions in the near future.
Dormant volcanoes no longer produce eruptions, but might again sometime in the future.
Extinct volcanoes will likely never erupt again.
The Sakurajima Volcano in Japan is one of the most active volcanoes in the world.
Magma can rise when pieces of Earth's crust called tectonic plates slowly move away from each other. The magma rises up to fill in the space.
Humans have looked to the skies to find their way since ancient times.
Ancient sailors used the constellations in the night sky to figure out where they were and where they were going.
One of Einstein's ideas is that objects cause the space around them to curve. He thought that large objects, like the Sun, curve the space around them more than small objects do. Objects moving through space follow the curvature.
If mass curves space, then very large masses moving quickly through space would create ripples in space. These are called gravitational waves.
Gravitational waves are very hard to detect.
The Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA) is a space mission that will be able to detect gravitational waves.
LISA will place three spacecraft in orbit around the Sun, tagging along behind Earth. The three spacecraft will be million kilometers apart flying in a triangle formation. When a gravitational wave passes by, these ripples in space gently push the spacecraft around by the tiniest amount imaginable. But the super-super-super sensitive laser beams that connect the three spacecraft will allow this tiny movement to be measured.
LISA will look for gravitational waves from stars and black holes.
Nothing is darker than a black hole.
A black hole is an area of such immense gravity that nothing—not even light—can escape from it.
A spectrometer uses light to identify the chemical composition of matter.
The moon is not always the same distance away from Earth.
When the moon is the farthest away, it’s 407,km away. That’s almost Earths. When it’s closest, the moon is 357,km away. That’s between and Earths.
You're going to get us both killed.
From my room in Brooklyn I can see all the way to Manhattan.
The planet is warming up fast—faster than at any time scientists know about from their studies of Earth's entire history.
Tom raises racing pigeons.
All living things on Earth contain carbon. Even you contain carbon.
All living things on Earth contain carbon.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas. That means it traps heat from Earth's surface and holds the heat in the atmosphere.
Scientists have learned that, throughout Earth's history, temperature and COlevels in the air are closely tied.
CO₂ levels never rose over parts per million until 1950.
In Antarctica, scientists have drilled down two miles below the surface and brought up samples of the ice. These samples are called ice cores.
I want to go downtown.
The ice contains bubbles of the air from each year. Scientists analyze the bubbles in each layer to see how much COthey contain.
Glaciers are frozen rivers. They flow like rivers, only much slower.
In places such as Glacier National Park, the glaciers are melting and disappearing. The air is getting warmer, and less snow is falling during winter to renew the melted parts of the glaciers.
As more sea ice and glaciers melt, the global sea level rises.
Melting ice is not the only cause of rising sea level. As the ocean gets warmer, the water expands.
If Greenland's ice sheet were to melt completely, sea level all over the world would rise by to meters.
Life is a web, with every strand connected to every other strand. One species of plant or animal changes, and a whole chain of events can follow involving many other species.
Life is a web, with every strand connected to every other strand.
Caribou hate mosquitoes.
In the past few years, warmer temperatures in summer have allowed mosquito populations to explode. So the caribou spend a lot more energy swatting away the mosquitoes. All this swatting leaves the caribou less energy to find food and prepare for the next long winter.
Animals that hibernate in the winter also suffer from warming temperatures. Marmots, chipmunks, and bears are waking up as much as a month early. Some are not hibernating at all.
With warmer, drier conditions, the trees are more likely to become infected with insects.
When the forest is gone, birds and small mammals that lived there have to find new homes—if they can.
The Earth is thicker around the equator.
The Earth is an oblate spheroid.
Your carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide released into the air because of your own energy needs.
Walk or ride your bike instead of taking a car everywhere.
Bring your own mug.
Carry your drinking water in a reusable bottle. Plastic water bottles are an environmental disaster!
This smokestack is releasing greenhouse gases and other pollutants into the atmosphere.
The South Pole is a lot colder than the North Pole.
The Arctic ice is shrinking because the ocean under the ice is warming.
About million years ago, all the continents we see today were one big supercontinent called Pangaea.
About million years ago, all the continents were pushed together. We call this supercontinent Rodinia.
The Ice Age was a time when woolly mammoths roamed the Earth.
There may have been as many as four different Ice Ages in the past.
The Atacama Desert in northern Chile is the driest place on Earth.
The differences in gravity across Earth are called gravity anomalies.
A mission called GRACE has a satellite that orbits Earth and maps the gravity across the surface.
During the last Ice Age, so much water was trapped in icy glaciers that the sea level dropped by as much as meters.
There are parts of land today that used to be far beneath the ocean waters.
Our sun will run out of energy in about five billion years.
Our sun will run out of energy in about five billion years. If anyone is around when it happens, they’ll have to leave Earth and find a new planet.
You should always turn off the light when you leave a room. This can save a lot of energy.
The ocean covers 70% of Earth's surface.
In some places, the ocean is deeper than the tallest mountains are high!
The ocean contains about 97% of all the water on Earth.
The top few meters of the ocean store as much heat as Earth's entire atmosphere.
If the ocean gets too warm, then the plants and animals that live in it must adapt—or die.
Algae and plankton are at the bottom of the food chain.
Tiny animals such as krill eat plankton.
Fish and even whales and seals feed on the krill.
In some parts of the ocean, krill populations have dropped by over percent.
Krill like to breed in really cold water near sea ice.
The ocean is becoming more acidic.
The ocean is great at sucking up CO₂ from the air. It absorbs about one-quarter of the CO₂ that we humans create when we burn fossil fuels.
Liquids are either acid or alkaline.
Lemon juice is an example of an acidic liquid.
Toothpaste is alkaline.
The ocean is slightly alkaline.
When the ocean absorbs a lot of CO₂, the water becomes more acidic.
Saltier water is heavier than less salty water.
Glaciers, land ice and icebergs are made of fresh water.
In the United States, coal makes 39% of our electricity.
In West Virginia, over 90% of the electricity is generated from coal. But in California, only 1% of electricity is generated from this fossil fuel.
Ancient Greeks built water wheels to grind grain thousands of years ago.
Vanguard was the first spacecraft to use solar cells. It's the oldest artificial satellite still in orbit around Earth.
Lots of researchers are working to make better batteries that last longer and hold more energy.
Temperatures in the Arctic are rising to times faster than temperatures farther south.
Light colors reflect more sunlight than dark colors. That's why people are more comfortable in light-colored clothing in the summer.
Sea ice reflects more sunlight than does the darker ocean.
Scientists are keeping a close watch on conditions in the Arctic.
When the water vapor in the atmosphere cools, it condenses back into little droplets of liquid water, forming clouds.
Bright white cloud-tops reflect a lot of sunlight back into space. But clouds also blanket Earth, keeping some of its heat from escaping.
Pluto is closer to the sun than Neptune for about 8% of its orbit.
Pluto is a dwarf planet that lies in the Kuiper Belt.
Pluto is only about half the width of the United States.
Pluto and Charon are tipped on their sides.
Venus is similar in size to Earth. Earth is just a little bit bigger.
Venus is unusual because it spins the opposite direction as Earth and most other planets.
A day on Venus is a little longer than a year on Venus.
Venus doesn’t have any moons.
Jupiter is the biggest planet in our solar system.
Neptune is dark, cold, and very windy.
Neptune is very similar to Uranus.
Neptune is more than times as far from the sun as Earth is.
Saturn isn’t the only planet to have rings, but it has the most beautiful ones.
Mars is red because of rusty iron in the ground.
Mars is half the size of Earth.
Mars has a very thin atmosphere made of carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and argon.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system. It’s just a little bigger than Earth’s moon.
Mercury is the closest planet to the sun, but it’s not the hottest. Venus is hotter.
Lake Manicouagan, a ring-shaped lake in Quebec, Canada, is all that remains of a crater from a massive impact over million years ago.
The dusty footsteps of astronauts who once walked on the Moon are still there today—and they aren’t going anywhere anytime soon.
The first spacecraft from Earth to visit Mars was Mariner in 1965.
Why are planets round? Why aren't they shaped like cubes, pyramids, or discs?
Why are planets round?
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is a giant storm.
The sun is at the center of our solar system.
The sun is much bigger than Jupiter.
Virtually the entire population is infected with one of eight herpes viruses.
It's not like that. We're just friends.
Mary is very intuitive.
There was an uncomfortable silence.
Coral reefs are very sensitive to light and temperature. If the water they live in gets too hot, they might not survive.
We know more about the moon and other planets than we do about some places on our home planet.
The Earth's cryosphere (the frozen water on our planet) currently covers about 10% of the Earth's surface.
We're at baggage claim waiting for our bags.
We're very sorry that your bag was delayed.
The airline lost my bags.
Just ask next time, okay?
You're safe and sound. That's the important thing.
Tom lost his footing and fell into the water.
"I'm fine." "No, you're not."
That's where they found Tom's body.
I hope I'm not interrupting you.
I am very competent.
You are very competent.
She is very competent.
He is very competent.
They are very competent.
We are very competent.
You are extremely competent.
He is extremely competent.
She is extremely competent.
They are extremely competent.
We are extremely competent.
I am extremely competent.
I'm one of the most generous people I know.
She is one of the most generous people I know.
He is one of the most generous people I know.
He is one of the kindest people I know.
She is one of the kindest people I know.
I am one of the kindest people I know.
Competent people need not apply.
Have any of these people ever done anything for me?
Has any of it ever been done before?
"I've heard Tom is on his deathbed." "Deathbed? He's never been better!"
When have you ever done anything for me?
When has he ever done anything for me?
When has she ever done anything for me?
When have they ever done anything for me?
Old age turns hair gray.
"You've never done anything for me, and now you expect me to help you?" "Yes."
A miracle has happened! Tom is completely healthy, and there's no more trace of the disease!
Children, let us go pray! A miracle has happened!
"I heard that Tom was dying." "Dying? He's alive and well!"
"I heard that Tom was dying." "Dying? He's alive and kicking!"
"I heard that Tom was dying." "Dying? He's hale and hearty!"
Tom has solved one of the great problems of science.
Did you get in trouble with your parents?
Tom and Mary went outside together to feed the animals.
You never cared about me!
Maria forced Tom to eat.
Tom has done what generations of scientists had not managed to do.
You should try reading the articles and not just the headlines.
Finish your work.
"We should meet." "Sure. You pick the place."
The sound of money is a language known in every country.
What's the most read book in the world?
What is the most read book in the world?
The phone rings.
That's enough, thanks!
Tom was amazed to see Mary's elaborate and upswept coiffure for her high school reunion. He wondered if, despite her very real accomplishments, she might still be at heart somewhat insecure, vain and egotistical.
Mary told Tom to behave himself at the party this time. Last time they'd gone out he had thrown decorum to the winds, and she didn't want to be embarrassed by him again.
Tom took two profiteroles from the dessert tray and said: "Look, I can be a squirrel." He stuffed one of the pastries in each cheek to distort his face. Mary tried to ignore him for the rest of the evening.
Mary is sometimes given to hyperbole. When Tom arrived much later than he'd promised, Mary said: "I've gone through four seasons waiting for you."
Tom and Mary launched their boat from the slipway at the tip of the peninsula.
Tom should have known that bringing contraband into the country would surely involve him with the wrong sort of people.
Tom laughed to hear an American right-wing activist tell a journalist that she wouldn't support three politicians in the election. She said that one was satanic and the second a sellout, while she really didn't like the third fellow.
After the death of his spouse, Tom more or less let the business slide.
Tom had been down on his luck for some weeks.
Tom will up sticks at his aunt's house; he thinks he may be a burden to her.
After the bailiff repossessed Tom's house, he was forced to doss down at a homeless shelter.
February seventh is Northern Territories Day.
If an email starts out, "Hi, I'm Sunshine," just delete the message without reading further.
As a lark, Tom bought Mary a plastic-grass hula skirt and a coconut-shell bra, momentarily forgetting that her opportunities to wear this colourful get-up would be somewhat limited.
For fourteen years Tom had owned a purebred dog, and he remembered that the breeder had furnished him a pedigree chart showing every dam and sire going back four generations.
After Tom had filled in his genealogical pedigree chart with the information he already knew, the remaining gaps revealed where he'd need to do some research to complete all his ancestral lines.
I could go for a beer right about now.
By now resigned to the knowledge that neither Tom nor Mary were likely prospects for religious conversion, the missionaries they'd invited in encouraged Tom to visit a local family history centre or to make use of the Internet to research his ancestors.
The two young men were quite engaging and friendly; they had been sent out by their church as missionaries.
Although Mary is a lapsed Catholic, and Tom no longer believes in God, they invited the missionaries in and gave them each a glass of water.
Mary and Tom thought it would be a shame if much of the oral history they had so patiently gathered were to be lost because of not being written down. Because neither of them knew shorthand, they bought an audio recorder so that they could better enjoy their visits with Tom's three living grandparents without having to focus on taking careful written notes.
Being the oldest of her siblings, Joanna inherited a family Bible, which contained the names of her father, grandfather and great-grandmother along with their respective dates and places of birth, baptism, marriage and death and the birthdays of all their descendants.
On his recent visit with his grandparents in Boston, Tom listened with growing empathy as they related tales of their hardscrabble childhoods and their coming of age during the Great Depression. His grandfather also spoke of enlisting in the army during World War II.
I'll sue you so fast it'll make your head spin.
This kind of flower doesn't grow in my garden.
If you do that, you'll be sued so fast it'll make your head spin.
If they do that, they'll be sued so fast it'll make their head spin.
That's the average.
That's the wrong answer.
This isn't dangerous.
Mary wants to breastfeed her baby, but she's not making enough milk.
How I wish you were here!
Jack is three years older than I.
I like the rain when I am in my house.
He had a lot to study for the test.
I'm going to the square.
The hair stylist cost him 3,yen.
My mother believes that this doctor is a charlatan.
Japan depends on the Arab countries for its oil supply.
What a big book!
"How many times did they kiss?" "Just once."
Which city is the one closest to Barcelona?
This car is my father's, but in a little while it will be mine.
They work five days a week in Italy.
I'm improving my knowledge of Breton.
Aristotle believed that the whole world was made of four elements: earth, air, fire, and water.
For a fortune, a fortune and a half.
I am surer that I do not want to marry you.
Why is it blue and white?
I want to buy a plane ticket tomorrow.
Aristotle believed that the sublunary sphere was made from four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
According to Aristotle, the planets and stars were located in an unchanging region of the world called the aether.
The current year is 2011.
What color is this cat?
Tom said that he wanted to buy a blue sweater.
I wonder what I am going to do with all these things.
The stomach ache has gone away.
Did you say something to him?
I don't know what to do for dinner.
Sometimes, people lie.
My sister is not very organized and forgot to register for the course.
Lord: forgive me, help me, allow me to do useful things for the world.
She had a lot to study for the test.
They are excellent.
Men tend to exaggerate their number of sexual partners.
Men tend to be more overconfident than women.
People sometimes exaggerate their abilities.
Tom was very much in agreement.
Tom gladly accepted.
Tom is coming to Boston with us.
The highway runs parallel to the river.
The woman keeps wearing out-of-fashion blouses.
I had no choice but to do it.
He had no choice but to do it.
She had no choice but to do it.
You had no choice but to do it.
I had to do it, there was no other choice.
Your words have given me pause.
Your words have made me reconsider.
Your words have given me food for thought.
It has been a long time since we have been this happy.
Most people believe that they're above average.
There is no city in Europe as big as Tokyo.
Do you like to run?
Tom and Mary said that they were leaving.
There are fish that fly.
I rarely watch documentaries.
"Hello," I said.
Tom bragged to his friends about all the girls he had slept with.
That is an adjective.
That is disgusting!
That is gross!
Is that dangerous?
That is the goal.
That is the plan.
That is the danger.
That is the solution.
That is the answer.
Tom had a vasectomy.
I wouldn't have been able to do it without you.
I wouldn't have been able to do it without you all.
The sentence does not win any beauty contests, in my opinion.
The sentence does not win a prize for beauty, in my opinion.
If you don't stop smiling, you'll get a kiss from me.
The nut is round, but not everything round is a nut.
Tom was already finished with life and was ready for the end; then Maria stepped into his life.
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called God's children.
Blessed are the merciful, for they themselves shall obtain mercy.
Hannibal before the gates!
Proceed strongly in the matter, but gently in the method!
He whom the gods love dies young.
It is burdensome to have all these as friends; it is enough not to have enemies.
I still haven't found work.
It's warm, so I turned on the electric fan.
He studies economics at university.
You swim better than me.
What would you like to eat for dinner?
Not only does he like music, he also likes sports.
No, he's our business manager.
The body of the plane is called the fuselage. It is generally a long tube shape.
The body of a plane is called the fuselage.
Most landing gear can be folded into the fuselage during the flight and opened for landing.
All planes have wings.
All birds have wings.
The tail at the rear of the plane provides stability.
The rudder at the back of the plane moves left and right to control the left or right movement of the plane.
The elevators are found at the rear of the plane. They can be raised or lowered to change the direction of the plane's nose.
The flaps and ailerons are connected to the backside of the wings.
The flaps slide back and down to increase the surface of the wing area. They also tilt down to increase the curve of the wing.
The slats move out from the front of the wings to make the wing space larger. This helps to increase the lifting force of the wing at slower speeds like takeoff and landing.
The ailerons are hinged on the wings and move downward to push the air down and make the wing tilt up. This moves the plane to the side and helps it turn during flight.
After landing, the spoilers are used like air brakes to reduce any remaining lift and slow down the airplane.
A force is a vector quantity so a force has both a magnitude and a direction.
Weight is a force that is always directed toward the center of the earth.
In flight, the airplane rotates about the center of gravity.
During a flight, an airplane's weight constantly changes as the aircraft consumes fuel.
To overcome the weight force, airplanes generate an opposing force called lift.
Lift is generated by the motion of the airplane through the air and is an aerodynamic force.
Lift is directed perpendicular to the flight direction.
The magnitude of the lift depends on several factors including the shape, size, and velocity of the aircraft.
Most of the lift is generated by the wings.
Aerodynamic surfaces are used to control the aircraft in roll, pitch, and yaw.
Why do you hang out with those losers?
"Why do you hang out with those losers?" "They're not losers. They're my friends."
As the airplane moves through the air, the air resists the motion of the aircraft and the resistance force is called drag.
Like lift, there are many factors that affect the magnitude of the drag force including the shape of the aircraft, the "stickiness" of the air, and the velocity of the aircraft.
To overcome drag, airplanes use a propulsion system to generate a force called thrust.
The direction of the thrust force depends on how the engines are attached to the aircraft.
In the figure shown above, two turbine engines are located under the wings, parallel to the body, with thrust acting along the body centerline.
On some aircraft, such as the Harrier, the thrust direction can be varied to help the airplane take off in a very short distance.
There are some aircraft, called gliders, that have no engines at all, but fly just fine.
During reentry and landing, the Space Shuttle is a glider.
Math and science were invented by humans to describe and understand the world around us.
Mathematicians and scientists call a quantity which depends on direction a vector quantity. A quantity which does not depend on direction is called a scalar quantity.
A vector quantity has two characteristics, a magnitude and a direction.
When comparing two vector quantities of the same type, you have to compare both the magnitude and the direction.
This example is a little more complex.
I told you to watch your mouth!
Theories on the generation of lift have become a source of great controversy and a topic for heated arguments.
Air is a physical substance which has weight.
There are many explanations for the generation of lift found in encyclopedias, in basic physics textbooks, and on Web sites. Unfortunately, many of the explanations are misleading and incorrect.
Lift occurs when a moving flow of gas is turned by a solid object. The flow is turned in one direction, and the lift is generated in the opposite direction, according to Newton's Third Law of action and reaction.
The magnitude of the force acting over a small section of an object immersed in a fluid equals the pressure p times the area A of the section.
Pressure acts perpendicular to the solid surface of an object.
To obtain the net mechanical force over the entire object, we must sum the contributions from all the small sections. Mathematically, the summation is indicated by the Greek letter sigma (Σ).
According to Newton's second law of motion, a force is produced when a mass is accelerated.
A force causes a change in velocity; and, likewise, a change in velocity generates a force. The equation works both ways.
Parts facing the oncoming flow are said to be windward, and parts facing away from the flow are said to be leeward.
Airplanes fly by moving through almost still air, yet we design and test them using wind tunnels, where the airplane model is fixed and the air is made to move past the model.
The conservation of momentum is a fundamental concept of physics along with the conservation of energy and the conservation of mass.
Momentum is defined to be the mass of an object multiplied by the velocity of the object.
Most people are introduced to vectors in high school or college.
Thermodynamics is a branch of physics which deals with the energy and work of a system.
Flight faster than sound was thought to be impossible.
Do you copy? Over.
In a rocket engine, fuel and a source of oxygen, called an oxidizer, are mixed and exploded in a combustion chamber. The combustion produces hot exhaust which is passed through a nozzle to accelerate the flow and produce thrust.
In outer space there is no atmosphere so turbines and propellers cannot work there. This explains why a rocket works in space but a turbine engine or a propeller does not work.
There are two main categories of rocket engines; liquid rockets and solid rockets.
In a liquid rocket, the propellants, the fuel and the oxidizer, are stored separately as liquids and are pumped into the combustion chamber of the nozzle where burning occurs.
In a solid rocket, the propellants are mixed together and packed into a solid cylinder. Under normal temperature conditions, the propellants do not burn; but they will burn when exposed to a source of heat provided by an igniter. Once the burning starts, it proceeds until all the propellant is exhausted.
You can stop the thrust of a liquid rocket by turning off the flow of propellants.
Liquid rockets tend to be heavier and more complex because of the pumps and storage tanks.
The X-was powered by a liquid rocket engine and carried a single pilot to a height of more than miles above the earth.
For the forty years following the first flight of the Wright brothers, airplanes used internal combustion engines to turn propellers to generate thrust.
The propeller acts like a rotating wing creating a lift force by moving through the air.
For a propeller-powered aircraft, the gas that is accelerated, or the working fluid, is the surrounding air that passes through the propeller.
Propellers can have from to blades.
After World War II, as jet engines gained popularity, aerodynamicists used jet engines to turn the propellers on some aircraft. This propulsion system is called a turboprop.
A C-transport plane is a turboprop aircraft. Its main thrust comes from the propellers, but the propellers are turned by turbine engines.
Propeller-powered aircraft are very efficient for low speed flight.
Propellers are not used on high speed aircraft.
Most modern passenger and military aircraft are powered by gas turbine engines, which are also called jet engines.
I still haven't found a job.
In order for fighter planes to fly faster than sound, they have to overcome a sharp rise in drag near the speed of sound.
Afterburners are only used on supersonic aircraft like fighter planes and the Concorde supersonic airliner.
Most modern airliners use turbofan engines because of their high thrust and good fuel efficiency.
A turbofan engine is the most modern variation of the basic gas turbine engine.
In 1640, Evagelista Torricelli discovered that air has weight. When experimenting with measuring mercury, he discovered that air put pressure on the mercury.
Hot air expands and spreads out and it becomes lighter than cool air. When a balloon is full of hot air it rises up because the hot air expands inside the balloon.
The pilot controls the engine power using the throttle.
The pilot controls the roll of the plane by raising one aileron or the other with a control wheel.
The rudder works to control the yaw of the plane.
The pilot moves rudder left and right, with left and right pedals.
The elevators which are on the tail section are used to control the pitch of the plane.
In 1874, Felix du Temple, built a monoplane that flew just a short hop down a hill with the help of a coal fired steam engine.
The first gasoline engine was invented in the late 1800's.
In 1903, the Wright Brothers flew, The Flyer, with a horse power gas powered engine.
Frank Whittle, a British pilot, designed and patented the first turbo jet engine in 1930.
At the same time that Whittle was working in England, Hans von Ohain was working on a similar design in Germany. The first airplane to successfully use a gas turbine engine was the German Heinkel He 178, in August, 1939. It was the world's first turbojet powered flight.
The only flavor of ice cream that Tom eats is vanilla.
Icarus tried to fly too high and flew too near to the sun. The wings of wax melted and Icarus fell to his death in the ocean.
Daedalus was an engineer who was imprisoned by King Minos. With his son, Icarus, he made wings of wax and feathers.
For many centuries, humans have tried to fly just like the birds. Wings made of feathers or light weight wood have been attached to arms to test their ability to fly. The results were often disastrous as the muscles of the human arms are not like a birds and cannot move with the strength of a bird.
Leonardo da Vinci's Ornithopter flying machine was never actually created.
The brothers Joseph Michel and Jacques Etienne Montgolfier were inventors of the first hot air balloon.
German engineer Otto Lilienthal studied aerodynamics and worked to design a glider that would fly. He was the first person to design a glider that could fly a person and was able to fly long distances.
The Wright Brothers first performed a literature search to find out the state of aeronautical knowledge at their time. They wrote to the Smithsonian and obtained technical papers regarding aerodynamics. They read about the works of Cayley, and Langley, and the hang-gliding flights of Otto Lilienthal.
The Wright Brothers spent a great deal of time observing birds in flight. They noticed that birds soared into the wind and that the air flowing over the curved surface of their wings created lift.
Birds change the shape of their wings to turn and maneuver.
Individual atoms can combine with other atoms to form molecules.
Scientists are knowledge seekers. They are inquisitive, seeking answers to known questions and finding many more questions.
Engineers are problems solvers.
Just eat half!
The fox has a long tail and pointed ears.
Foxes have long tails and pointed ears.
If I weren't such a coward, I would have done it.
That book is really old.
I love old books.
It's a very old book.
It's a really old book.
Is that book in the public domain?
Is that a public domain book?
Is it in the public domain?
Has the copyright expired yet?
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants with over moons each.
That blows.
This blows.
It's a marriage that exists only on paper.
Tell me the good news first.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but something terrible has happened.
Spurning every gift, he does not let himself be bound.
To live is to be a soldier.
Fame does not bear joking, nor does the eye bear keeping faith.
Fame grows as it travels.
Would it have killed you to call me first?
The things in which you glory you must not consider a crime in others!
Do you know Marika's e-mail address?
No one is obliged to do more than what he or she can.
Like things are cured by like things.
Like is treated by like.
Desperation makes the soldier or the monk.
The worst times have the most laws.
You bit off more than you could chew.
I bit off more than I could chew.
As I wrote above, the book arrived in defective condition.
Hopefully, Tom won't notice anything.
I have three years of experience.
I heard Tom singing in the next room.
I think I know as much as you do.
I made a really big sandwich for Tom.
I think they did that on purpose.
I think Tom has never been to Boston.
I'm afraid I have no experience.
I think Tom will very likely do that.
There's nobody here by that name.
I'd rather not go to Boston with Tom.
Three civilians were also killed.
I'm very happy Tom and Mary are safe.
Everything has returned to normal.
Is Tom planning to go back to Boston?
I didn't ask you to wait for me.
Tom can play tennis better than Mary.
I really hope that doesn't happen.
Tom did exactly the same thing I did.
Would you please hold on a second?
This is an injustice!
That is indispensable.
It has twenty children.
I want to speak.
Busy right now.
This year is 2011.
My boss is married.
If cancer is an enemy of humanity, a cancer is a friend of lobsters.
The fruit must be finely fragmented, before it can go into the press.
Can you spare me a couple of minutes?
This is a normal workflow.
I don't use shower gel.
I gladly accepted his proposal.
She wanted to go into the carriage.
She wanted to enter the carriage.
Douglas eventually agreed to speak with Lincoln.
Do you have any?
Walls are very big these days.
It's very big these days.
It is necessary that you eat.
That could come in handy someday.
That could come in useful someday.
It's very popular these days.
Walls are very popular these days.
Blood is red.
They are raising your beautiful rabbit.
Learning a language involves memorizing countless thousands of words.
Many of the soldiers kissed their wifes goodbye.
We were at Lake Balaton today.
Do you have enough space?
I've been to the area surrounding Shanghai.
If you study new words, then use them more so that you will be able to more quickly memorize them.
I can understand most of what they say, but I don't understand the slang they use (in their speech).
(I've) been very busy recently.
He loves his puppy. His puppy is really adorable.
His luggage is overweight.
In your opinion, what does good nutrition look like?
Spanish and Portuguese are just weird accents of each other.
Before winter starts, the swallows fly south.
It is not without risk to swim in this lake.
It is just a prank!
"Is this free?" "Nothing is free! Death is free, and even death will cost you your life!"
The question of what constitutes art is a controversial subject.
The question of what constitutes a work of art is a controversial subject.
Organic agriculture is a method of growing plants (grains, legumes, fruit) without chemicals.
You didn't feel dizzy.
They worked as diligently as a hive of bees.
Before we wrap up, let's take some questions from the audience.
Before we wrap up, we'll take some questions from the audience.
I'll take questions from the audience.
I'll answer questions from the audience.
Does anybody in the audience have any questions?
Does anyone in the audience have any questions?
I'll be glad to answer any questions you may have.
The architecture of this building is typical of the period.
I'm not a fan of the choreography.
Just imagine: that star you're looking at right now has planets orbiting around it.
Just imagine that there are planets orbiting all those stars.
A lot of the stars in the night sky have planets orbiting them.
He is still studying.
She really looks like her mother.
It seems to me that I have it all.
Tom tells me that he is really good at tennis.
Listen...
We start to work in the month of April.
I don't know why they don't understand.
He has a bad habit of drinking too much wine.
We are practically family.
It is already a little late for that.
It is a little late for that now.
You are your own worst enemy.
Tom and Mary swam in the freezing lake.
Ann cannot manage to find a job.
I like three day weekends.
I like long weekends.
I always lied and now when I tell the truth, no one believes me.
The first minutes after a heart attack are crucial.
He makes it a habit to wake up early.
She likes adventure.
He likes these cats.
He likes Russian pop.
My dog likes cats.
No bird likes to be caged.
The lady does not like football.
She likes the rain.
He likes the rain.
He doesn't like football.
Would it kill you to visit me once in a while?
It's nothing to write home to mother about.
I know tons of jokes.
I know lots of jokes.
I know some really funny jokes. Want to hear one?
Want to hear a joke?
You think you're so tough. You wouldn't last a minute in my neighborhood.
You're yellow.
You're chicken.
Do you visit here often?
Do you visit this place often?
She doesn't like Tom's dog.
Henrietta doesn't like cats.
She doesn't like eggs.
Write your name on this sheet of paper.
Can you lend me your book, please?
The basket was full to the brim with strawberries.
We are going to take the bus that leaves at four.
It's bad! Very bad! Horrible!
She doesn't like oranges.
She doesn't like coffee.
I want the others to keep my tastes in mind.
No one understands why she's so aggressive.
Eva likes dogs, but not cats.
There are disadvantages to being pretty.
Michael Phelps won another gold medal at years old.
The water in the swimming pool suddenly turned green.
A bus carrying journalists was attacked in Rio as it passed near the "City of God" favela.
This gymnast's floor routine was very impressive.
They swore to keep it a secret.
Tom swore to keep it a secret.
I know what I know!
Mary swore to keep it a secret.
Tom and Mary took a selfie together.
Mary and her friend took a selfie together.
Tom posted a picture of his puppy on Instagram.
Knock yourself out.
Children, daddy's back, and he has brought each of you a gift!
Maria cooked with fresh ingredients from the garden, and all the meals tasted as if they were full of sunshine.
Could you help me for just a minute?
Tom got all the vegetables that Mary needs to prepare lunch from the garden.
My dog is eating the grapes.
Tom brought home a basket full of plums that he had picked himself.
I am still in shape.
Your blood is red.
I paid her bill today.
Tom ate a starfruit.
Let's hope Tom doesn't notice anything.
Don't fear the future!
Tom went back to the drawing board.
We need to go back to the drawing board.
Children learn by watching what adults around them do.
This is why you must set a good example for your children.
I have to be there before seven.
I can't accompany you. I am still needed here.
I don't want to wait for you.
I won't wait for you.
And what if someone sees you?
Tom was well-known and respected in the community.
Her mother and her sister were sick.
People talk even though they have nothing to say.
This ball is round.
Love kills happiness, happiness kills love.
Maria remembers you.
It is usually hot in July.
Tom is watching the Olympics on TV.
Mary cried when she received her medal.
Tom moved to Finland and became a reindeer herder.
Tom has a rare gene mutation.
There's a squirrel in the wood pile.
The squirrel made a nest in the wood pile.
Tom is chopping firewood.
I bought this book as a gift for Tom.
No bird should ever be a pet, nor does it want to be!
Tom tested positive for EPO.
My skin is dry.
They need to answer the question.
Her question is hard to answer.
Tom has never voted in his life.
They need to answer this question.
They have to answer the question.
Her question is very hard to answer.
She talks well.
She speaks English well.
She speaks Japanese well.
She speaks really well.
He speaks Spanish well.
I got a new translation project.
I have many translation projects.
I've just finished a translation project.
At home, we speak Hungarian.
All of us speak Hungarian.
All of us speak English.
Tom doesn't appear to agree with you.
I have three sisters and a brother.
Tom hasn't played tennis for a while.
I never actually wanted to do that.
Tom is much better at French than me.
I think we just have to be patient.
Tom said he didn't do anything wrong.
I'm afraid I can't come on Monday.
Tom said he wasn't being paid enough.
I've been waiting for half an hour.
Tom says he doesn't have any regrets.
I've made a lot of stupid mistakes.
Tom taught me a lot of useful things.
Three people were slightly injured.
Tom washes his hair almost every day.
Didn't I tell you to close the door?
I know exactly what you're thinking.
I don't want to talk to Tom right now.
I never actually wanted to go there.
Tom and Mary speak Hungarian very well.
I can speak a tiny bit of Hungarian.
Open the window!
I don't know if there was a piece of paper in the box.
I think there was a piece of paper in the box.
I'm not sure if there was anything in the box or not.
Maybe there wasn't anything in the box.
There might have been something in the box.
Maybe the box was empty.
My papers were in that box.
A popular author is one who writes what the people think. Genius invites them to think something else.
The brain is an apparatus with which we think that we think.
I don't know what was in that box.
That was my box.
What's in the box is none of your business.
That's my box.
That's not my box.
That is a strange accent.
The only thing left to do is wait!
You're too soft on him.
We had a deal!
She leads a solitary life in a remote area of Scotland.
Tom wears horn-rimmed glasses.
Stay as long as you'd like.
He has a scar on his arm.
Tom has an immaculate sense of style.
Tom's mother forced him to eat his vegetables.
Tom came here on his own.
I have the jack of spades.
"What is this?" "Don't touch that."
We were soldiers.
I loved you from the moment I laid eyes on you.
I put the book on the table in the living room.
The history of a battle, is not unlike the history of a ball. Some individuals may recollect all the little events of which the great result is the battle won or lost, but no individual can recollect the order in which, or the exact moment at which, they occurred, which makes all the difference as to their value or importance.
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do; that's what I called "guessing what was at the other side of the hill."
In war, whichever side may call itself the victor, there are no winners, but all are losers.
How horrible, fantastic, incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing.
Jealousy is the undue concern about the preservation of that which can only be lost if not worth keeping.
She considered him to be a blessing.
Kim's smile is really nice.
I walk to school in minutes.
Does she know?
I run kilometers every day.
I think he is surely coming.
I don't wanna go in the pool.
He's absent due to his sickness.
Starting to speak and making mistakes is a lot better than to keep silent in resignation.
Short sentences are often better than long ones.
Me, hate you? Don't be ridiculous! We're friends now.
Me, hate you? Don't be ridiculous! We're best friends now.
I knew both Tom and Mary very well.
Please put your bag under your seat.
I suspect that Tom knows this already.
There's just been another explosion.
I think I should've asked Tom to help.
I think Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I know that most people here hate me.
I think Tom thought he had to do that.
I really shouldn't be here right now.
I think we need to ask Tom to help us.
I would like to talk to your manager.
I was surprised that Tom wasn't there.
Mary was the only girl wearing jeans.
I wonder if that's all right with Tom.
I'll make sure Tom gets there on time.
How frequently do you check your mail?
I'm pretty sure Tom wasn't interested.
That was a pretty stupid thing to say.
Happiness is a flower one must not pick.
Happiness is a flower that must not be picked.
This doesn't bode well at all.
You don't contribute enough.
You have to contribute your fair share.
I try to do my part to help the community.
For many books, the covers are too far apart.
One of the duties that come with age is that of making the most of time: the less time we have left, the more precious it should be.
Friendship is a ship big enough to carry two in fair weather, but none in foul.
They have sold the television.
Marriage is a community consisting of a master, a mistress and two slaves, making in all, two.
I won't come late again.
Remind me what time the concert starts.
If we had lives we'd spend less time on Tatoeba.
As I didn't feel well I stayed at home all day.
Our luggage rack is too small.
In the luggage rack there are five suitcases.
I'm worthless.
You need to get on your way as quickly as possible.
I still see Tom.
He fell and hurt his tailbone.
His talk is nothing but smoke and mirrors.
That's only collateral damage.
It's only collateral damage.
The woodwind section is too loud again.
They are like flies around a honeypot.
Djibouti is a less developed country.
He doesn't want to live in a less developed country.
He does not want to live in a less developed country.
Now I'm free.
Tom castrated the calves.
The landscape is magnificent.
He has never been late to school.
He doesn't like soccer.
John loves Mary.
Their marriage was a happy one.
Tom fell in love with a young actress.
They got married quickly.
Tom returned to England after the war.
It seemed as if Tom's troubles were over, but, in fact, they were only beginning.
This eccentric billionaire has amassed one of the world's largest art collections.
Tom ordered a burger and fries.
It sounds like you had a good time.
It sounds like you got along well with him.
It sounds like you had a lot of fun.
I'm sorry, but I already have plans.
You have a great laugh.
You know how much Mary means to me.
Forks go to the left side of the plate, and knives go to the right.
Place the fork on the left side of the plate, and the knife on the right side.
Place the spoon to the right of the knife.
Place the bread and butter plate above the fork.
If you're not going to eat those, can I?
Tom, I really like you... as a friend.
Don't slurp.
Don't slurp your soup.
This is a terrible plan.
Don't push your food around your plate.
This is just one example.
That's just one example.
I'm at a friend's house.
I'll try to find one.
Mary's face was very pale.
Mary will be jealous.
They call me lairy Mary.
Mary was unimpressed.
Einstein predicted that the Sun's gravity would bend light.
Humans and dinosaurs have never coexisted.
What is the difference between a German optimist and a German pessimist? The optimist learns English; the pessimist learns Russian.
In Soviet Russia, Russian learns you!
Native speakers usually tell those who learn their language that it is very hard, even though they actually have no way of knowing if it is difficult or easy, as a result of the fact that it comes naturally to them.
The people who are not in a hurry walk on the right side of the staircase.
Please don't do anything dangerous.
I don't want to look silly.
I think you're hungry.
Force yourself!
Relax. We're on vacation.
Relax, Tom. We're on vacation.
She went there herself.
To my surprise, the film turned out to be a masterpiece.
How do you manage not to love him?
How do you manage not to love it?
I made a lot of trips to the employment bureau before I found a job.
The elders decided to expel him from the village.
There is always another time.
Pedophilia is a very serious offense.
Cut it in thin strips.
How could I hoodwink him?
How could I make him fall for it?
Tom says it is urgent.
She was very unfair.
It was very unfair.
He was very unfair.
Tom could not stand his mother.
But that is why punks still exist!
The dog barked a lot.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our offenses, as we forgive our offenders, and lead us not to temptation, but free us from evil. Truly.
Our body was formed out of four elements: earth, fire, water, and air.
At that time, Ethelbert ruled as king in Kent, and was powerful.
Who does not admire Tom?
Didn't you find out about your daughter's wedding?
Mr. Smith is cleaning his room.
A strong wind began to blow.
Old friends got in touch with me.
What do *you* do to kill time?
I don't know who Scott is.
Are you going to leave me any cookies?
They tried to hide their xenophobia.
Do I have to do it or not?
You wear expensive earrings.
Since he is rich, he can go there.
One is one's own worst enemy.
Are you sure that Ken is busy now?
The river water is not good.
I got turned off.
I do not feel like it anymore.
Tom always falls for my jokes.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
You can tell me the story, trust me.
Don't pull my leg, tell me the truth.
Don't try to bullshit me, tell me the truth.
The key combination ctrl-Z undoes your changes.
The third brake light went from being prohibited to being required.
Just because something is prohibited does not mean that it should be required.
The key combination ctrl-Z reverts your changes.
The battery light is showing that the battery is not getting charged.
You are not allowed to park there. They are going to give you a fine.
You are not allowed to park there. They are going to make you pay a fine.
I have been having to piss since I left the house.
In the Bible, it says that we are the image of God.
The boy who is playing guitar is my brother.
Perhaps I will never see you again.
I may not see you ever again.
I said that ages ago.
I said that quite a long time ago.
You have gingivitis.
He has gingivitis.
She has gingivitis.
Tell me where it hurts.
I need to know where it hurts.
Does it hurt when I press here?
Is there a problem with my order?
There is a problem with your order.
Is there a problem with your order?
Your order will be shipped as soon as possible.
Your item will be shipped as soon as possible.
Payment can be made by credit card or cash on delivery.
Can I pay online?
How can I pay?
What methods of payment do you accept?
Can I pay later?
If I could pay attention, I wouldn't be in this mess in the first place.
You have tons of friends.
You have lots of friends.
Mom set the table.
He slammed the door and went upstairs.
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
Tom had to swallow his pride and admit that he needed help.
Mary began to shiver in her thin blouse.
Mary shivered in her thin blouse.
Here, take my coat.
Are you cold? Here, take my coat.
He draped his coat over her shoulders.
Tom draped his coat over Mary's shoulders.
Here, take my jacket.
Here, take my coat and scarf.
She started shivering.
Tom started shivering.
Here, take my coat. You're freezing.
Tom's parents are waiting for him at the finish line.
I bought it at a yard sale.
I bought it at a garage sale.
I thank my lucky stars that I'm still alive.
Tom began to shiver violently.
Tom began to shiver uncontrollably.
Tom fainted as soon as he saw the needle.
I have a first-aid kit in my car.
Tom fainted at the sight of the needle.
You can turn around now.
I'll turn around while you dress.
I'll turn around while you change.
Come on up to my office.
There were no taxis available.
There are dirty dishes in the sink­.
Tom left some dirty dishes in the sink­.
The Germans planned to destroy the Royal Air Force and invade Britain.
The pantry was empty.
The TV blared in the background.
Tom could hear the television blaring in the background.
I banged my leg on the coffee table.
Tom banged his knees on the glass coffee table.
Tom slept later than usual.
Can you turn that down?
Operation Sea Lion was the German code name for the planned invasion of Britain.
Your parents are cool.
What have we gotten into?
Do you mind turning around while I get dressed?
I was afraid of what people would think.
Tom was afraid of what people would think.
Mary was afraid of what people would think.
The British Army was stranded at Dunkirk.
I have, myself, full confidence that if all do their duty, if nothing is neglected, and if the best arrangements are made, as they are being made, we shall prove ourselves once more able to defend our island home, to ride out the storm of war, and to outlive the menace of tyranny.
The British Empire and the French Republic, linked together in their cause and in their need, will defend to the death their native soil, aiding each other like good comrades to the utmost of their strength.
Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail.
We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
I hope I didn't make a fool of myself.
I need a new pair of sneakers.
Tom's shoes are too small for him.
I was more than a little embarrassed.
Nazi Germany invaded Poland in September 1939.
Mary has long eyelashes.
The British Expeditionary Force was stranded at Dunkirk.
Wars are not won by evacuations.
Tom pushed me into the lockers.
Tom tried to trip me.
Is that a squirrel?
Was it a squirrel?
The squirrel ate the hazelnut.
Bring mangos.
Doesn't he know me?
May I take salt?
Take my handkerchief.
She is my mother.
She was found hacked to death.
He was found hacked to death.
Love is more precious than gold.
I thought he was your friend.
Where do you swim?
I'm learning.
Maybe Tom won't be at today's meeting.
What've you done with my mobile phone?
Tom can speak French better than Mary.
When are you moving to your new house?
Tom decided to send a message to Mary.
Which university do you want to go to?
Tom is organizing a fundraising event.
You have no idea what that is, do you?
Tom said he had something else to say.
Tom told me that he needed some money.
I think I'm going to be here on Monday.
Tom told the taxi driver to turn left.
It seemed pretty important at the time.
Tom was still a bachelor at that time.
Mary was the only girl wearing a skirt.
We need more workers like you and Tom.
Didn't I tell you not to close the door?
I asked Tom to give me a second chance.
I have to be in Boston by 2:tomorrow.
The other one is no good.
I usually get up early.
I usually wake up early.
The word before "XYZ" should be highlighted in yellow.
The word before his name should be underlined.
The rest of the sentence after "Hello" should be italicized.
I don't wish anyone dead.
We should meet up later, so that I can deliver this to you.
I must warn you, this toy is addictive.
You must keep track of how much time you spend with it.
He sat on a mossy tree stump.
Tom cleared away the mossy, rotten wood.
A squirrel is hopping over the mossy logs.
A small forest brook flowed between the moss-covered trees.
"Your privacy is very important to us. Therefore, we are eager to explore it thoroughly", said the intelligence officers.
Working alone is no fun.
That box is heavy.
Help me lift this box.
Help me lift this.
Help me lift it.
Proper posture is necessary to maintain good health.
He waved to the crowd immediately before he delivered his speech.
Tom is an early riser.
He is an early riser.
I usually don't lie.
This week I will be doing a series on personal eschatology.
We won't know.
Eschatology is the study of end-times.
To your health!
Pardon!
You will be washed.
Walk.
Beware!
They're hungry.
He was drinking.
You were reading.
What time do you get up, Benedict?
Take your places.
I was dancing.
Stones don't float.
Floating is easy.
Ah, snow!
Oilskins are waterproof.
Hallelujah is an expression of praise or thanks to God.
What a bizarre tale!
This answer is useful for every similar future case.
God is my witness.
He looked for the keys in the drawer.
She doesn't speak English, let alone French.
She does not speak English, and let us not even mention her French.
Tom had no right to treat Mary the way he did.
Everybody knows that Tom did it.
He has brown shoes.
She has brown shoes.
He has coffee-colored shoes.
She has coffee-colored shoes.
I ran into her by chance.
I happened to run into her.
I happened upon it.
I happened upon her.
I found it by chance.
I'll call Tom up in a few minutes.
What flower is blue?
Are you a doctor, sir?
She does not speak English, and let us not even mention French.
Tom had no right to treat Mary that way.
There is a bomb in the plane!
When can we move?
Dinner is served.
Lunch is served.
I feel like having a pizza.
Maybe that's where the secret lies.
The battery indicator light is showing that the battery is not getting charged.
My grandmother gets up early.
You have to wait for the right time to pull the switch.
After the first year, the patient's recovery stagnated.
After the first year, the patient's recovery slowed to a standstill.
There is a very short period within which we can act.
In this parking place, the trailer would bump into the roof.
The car will fit into the parking place.
Do you think it will fit here?
When her alarm clock sounded, Mary was already yawning and stretching.
Let's stop and stretch our legs for a bit.
Do you want to piss before going downstairs to the street?
María has always wanted to be a nurse.
He died quickly.
She died quickly.
I wish she could sing as well as you.
I wish he could sing as well as you.
"Are these your books?" "No, they're not my books."
"Are these your books?" "No, they're not mine."
She's a baseball player.
I have a lot of plans for the future.
My grandfather is sick.
I usually wake up late.
Blessed is the one, who thinks they are right.
French is hard to learn.
Is his flight arriving soon?
Life is pain, princess
I'm going to Paris this month.
They decided not to buy the television.
They decided not to sell the car.
Some of these animals live in Europe.
Follow the diet of joy.
I am not sure, but I think that I will become a teacher.
The family of my wife is very rich.
I didn't know that Tom was your friend.
I think they very likely won't help you.
I don't know why Tom wasn't here today.
I think you're both pretty good-looking.
I'm very surprised that Tom isn't here.
Please tell us something about yourself.
Luckily, Tom was wearing his seat belt.
Which shelf do you want me to put it on?
Tom did exactly what we told him to do.
Tom doesn't seem to want to go with us.
I think we have an obligation to do that.
Tom is a little more patient than I am.
Have I ever asked you to work on a Sunday?
Tom is much better at French than I am.
I don't speak French as well as I want to.
Tom is the only one who knows for sure.
Could you tell us something about yourself?
What time are you planning to meet Tom?
I shouldn't have gone to Boston without you.
You take my house when you do take the prop, that doth sustain my house; you take my life, when you do take the means whereby I live.
Long live the loyal British poodle.
I am indeed happy to meet you.
At school, we learn French.
I am not interested in politics.
Which one of them is mine?
Mine is black.
I have a new e-mail address.
He drinks too much coffee.
Where did he get that crazy idea from?
The children are looking for mushrooms and bringing them back to the house.
Arabic is not complicated.
The story takes place during the forties in Minas Gerais.
"What are the children doing in the garden?" "They are playing dinosaur in your flower bed."
Did he tell you?
Three little girls are going to the skating rink.
In this town, there is only one train station.
What are the children doing in the garden?
Believe it or not, she cannot even cook an egg.
I sometimes think that God got overworked when He created human beings.
There is no time to lose: my test is tomorrow.
I only need one.
I have no time to lose: I am taking my exam tomorrow.
Was it in Boston that you grew up?
Now you listen to me!
Who is coming home?
In the room, it is dark.
I like the theater. I go to the theater often.
I am not a pessimist.
Are you traveling to Germany?
Where there are two Latvians, there are three political parties.
Honesty is a beggar on crutches; roguery is a princess with a crown.
Only the devil laughs at his grandmother.
He was supposed to speak with Tom.
A bird flies.
A man is reading a newspaper.
How do I get to the bookstore?
Tom borrowed some books from the bookstore to read over the weekend.
Have you ever met Taninna at the bookstore?
The socialist insurgency expropriated the Apostolic Palace.
The waffle is very tasty.
It's a shame the way he internalizes homophobia.
Mary's sparring partner had a seizure.
Some people in the writing workshop thought Mary and Tom hated each other, but they were really lifelong sparring partners.
Every good fighter needs a sparring partner.
Mary bought a new sport utility vehicle so that her children would be comfortable when she drove them to soccer practice.
The insurgency was widely condemned in state-controlled mass media outlets.
Thirty television channels condemned the insurgency to give the impression of consensus, but all these channels were in the hands of three companies, each of whom had a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
Occupying powers never consider an insurgency's cause to be valid.
The insurgency was ignored by televised media until their viewers read about it on the Internet and began to sympathize with the rebels.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
Tom's mail-order bride demanded that he treat her like a human being.
The phrase "collateral damage" dehumanizes the very people whose freedom NATO claims to be fighting for.
"Collateral damage" is a euphemism for killing innocent people to protect capital.
This dress is cheap.
We need to ask some probing questions if we want to get some real information.
All religions want peace, it's the others who want war.
Lobbyists' job is to lobby.
She already ate.
My grandpa is sick.
My grandma gets up early.
Rules are important for everyone.
In general, the Japanese are polite.
Generally speaking, the Japanese are polite.
The Japanese are generally polite.
Generally, the Japanese are polite.
I don't usually lie.
Tom is a morning person.
Tom is an early bird.
That's some good advice.
Here, the books are only in German.
Marie was the only girl wearing a skirt.
Marie was the only girl to wear a skirt.
I actually am years old but if I subtract the time I've waited to get my bags at the airport, I'm only 43.
Usually I wake up early.
Does Pedro have an older brother?
Does Pedro have a younger brother?
My hobby is learning languages.
For your sister, she's the shy type.
Soccer or rugby? Which one do you play?
I certainly don't see it that way.
You’re all fired up about seeing him, I can tell.
I don’t want to be taken in.
She is changing her colours once again.
I don't know what's what.
I hate to believe it.
I'm not falling for this again.
I may have to change tack.
What has he tricked you into believing this time?
What has he gotten you to believe this time?
It will be hard to find the time.
I was in Boston last year.
What made us come to blows?
My life has become a treadmill, and I need a break.
When do you think you'll see Tom again?
I have no experience, but I'm a fast learner.
Could you wake me up when Tom gets here?
It seemed pretty important to me at the time.
I could hardly hear what Tom was saying.
I've asked you several times not to do that.
I heard that Tom used to live in Boston.
I think we don't really need to be doing this.
I hope Tom comes over to my place today.
I've made a lot of stupid mistakes in my life.
I told Tom that I couldn't speak French.
What color is the notebook you're looking for?
It's Tom's turn to help wash the dishes.
Mary is the only girl I've ever been in love with.
Tom gave us all the money he had on him.
The restaurant we're going to isn't far from here.
Tom had to cancel his trip to Australia.
I asked you to come yesterday. Why didn't you come?
Tom is still at his grandmother's house.
You should wear a helmet when you ride a motorcycle.
There will be additional students to my class sooner or later.
The Spanish class will resume tomorrow.
Do I look fat in these jeans?
Do I look fat in these pants?
It is unfortunate you didn't join us.
I wish you had joined us.
It was a very pleasant evening.
I enjoyed the evening very much.
This is the most wonderful evening I've ever had.
Where did you acquire your deepest, most heartfelt beliefs?
I don't think that will be necessary.
I don't think that is necessary.
That is not necessarily so.
Tom claims to have strong negotiating skills, but the architects, painters and electricians he cheated in order to get his hotels finished tell a different story.
The subcontractors say that after they completed all required work according to construction specifications, Tom would either outright refuse to pay their invoices or would only pay them one-third of the amount they had billed.
Tom would tell the unhappy subcontractors who demanded full payment, in the amount they had previously agreed upon, to sue him in court.
Tom cynically assumed that the contractor could likely not afford the expense of years of litigation.
Have you read "The Infant Race" yet?
Ninety percent of road deaths are the result of human error.
Although the book cover officially credited Tom as the memoir's author, his paid ghostwriter came to regret portraying the subject of his book in a flattering light.
His book's onetime ghostwriter now offers a withering critique: "Tom has the attention span and the knowledge base of a hyperactive nine-year-old."
A ghostwriter is an author who writes for someone that, in practice, only supplies his signature.
Cardiovascular endurance is one of the six components of physical fitness.
The new community center was inaugurated yesterday with pomp and circumstance.
Please apply to the employment office regarding the job in question.
The name of the addressee on the stamped envelope was illegible.
He kept to himself.
The Gospel according to John was probably written about fifty years after its predecessor.
The gears had worn down over time.
He found himself sought after by headhunters.
He found himself pursued by recruiters.
The cost of living is soaring.
The pianist's performance of a Haydn sonata threw the woman into a rapture bordering on frenzy.
How many prefectures does Japan have?
The twenty-fifth of December is the first day of Christmas.
They have reached an impasse.
I'm a bit rusty.
Electric vehicles are growing in popularity.
The Brazilian athlete Thiago Da Silva won the Olympic pole vault gold medal and set an Olympic record.
Seven people were injured when an elevated television camera fell to the ground in Rio's Olympic Park.
The gymnast slipped on the balance beam.
There are additional students to my Spanish class.
The winner of the 100m race is often called the world's fastest man.
Usain Bolt is still the world's fastest man.
Canada's Andre de Grasse won the bronze medal in the 100m race.
Elaine Thompson is now the world's fastest woman.
The diving competition was really fun to watch.
How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that?
He was living in London when the war began.
He always kept his promises.
The man stole my purse.
Tom is an Olympic champion.
Tom's head is spinning.
Mary's head was spinning.
Tom is an Olympic medalist.
Mary won the gold medal.
Tom placed fourth and did not win a medal.
He injured himself playing rugby.
Will someone else be joining you?
Tom placed most of the blame on himself.
Mary blamed herself.
They say he's a good doctor.
Tom won the hundred-yard dash.
I started working when I was twelve.
Even the bad weather failed to ruin my mood.
I know the boy there.
Are they going to have a boy or a girl?
Grandma dropped her glasses and they broke.
The new building has many empty apartments and few residents.
I forgot to buy Mary flowers.
Olympic athletes live in the Olympic village for the duration of the games.
Don't forget to buy bread!
I'm going to plant a bunch of pretty flowers in my garden.
My parents are waiting for me.
I always want to sleep after dinner.
He says that he wants to speak to you.
He played an important role in the movement.
There's a gentleman downstairs who says that he wants to speak to you.
Tom may never recover the use of his legs.
Does the offer still stand?
Nearly 10,athletes live in the Olympic village.
China has launched the world's first quantum satellite.
Tom and his friends were robbed at gunpoint.
Rio isn't the safest city in the world.
Tom and Mary looked at each other for a long time.
Tom noticed that Mary's hands were shaking.
Shaunae Miller won the gold medal in a dramatic fashion after diving at the finish line.
This athlete is strong and agile.
Wayde van Niekerk broke the world record and won the gold medal in the 400m sprint.
Wayde van Niekerk's coach is a years old great-grandmother.
Mary is practically drooling over Tom.
Mary ate all the chocolate truffles.
Mary was practically drooling over him.
Tom froze like a deer in headlights.
Mary froze like a deer in headlights.
Olympic athletes tend to be physically attractive.
Tom froze like a deer caught in the headlights.
Tom was practically drooling over her.
Tom fell asleep watching the Olympics on TV.
The diving competition is one of Mary's favorite events to watch in the Olympics.
"You were practically drooling over him." "I was not."
Tom is an excellent pilot.
Brazil is hosting the Olympic Games.
Brazil is the host of the Summer Olympic Games.
Tom and Mary work well together.
She cannot be trusted.
In the future, humans will use spaceships to travel around the galaxy at speeds faster than light.
Bring him here immediately.
Bring her here immediately.
Bring Tom here immediately.
Bring them here immediately.
Tom crossed his arms over his chest.
Mary crossed her arms over her chest.
Nothing can be done about it.
I'm sure Tom's fine.
Tom's roommate often leaves dirty dishes in the sink.
What are you even talking about?
Tom often buys clothes online.
I'm sorry. I should have asked first.
Mary borrowed my clothes without asking me.
If you want to borrow some of my clothes, ask first.
I can't read his handwriting.
I can't read Tom's handwriting.
I can't read her handwriting.
This club is for members only.
Tom doesn't clean up after himself.
Mary doesn't clean up after herself.
What time did you get back?
This is not like him at all.
This is not like her at all.
Tom is a general contractor.
I'm my own worst enemy.
Mary is her own worst enemy.
"You're lying!" "No, I'm not."
Time travel is really cool.
People who have children are happier than people who don't have children.
Technology must be used for good, not evil.
It's not gambling.
High speed trains are common in Europe.
The train was delayed­.
The train did not arrive on time.
American cities are not as dense as European cities.
Tom poured half a cup of skim milk into his bowl of low-fat breakfast cereal.
Tom couldn't read his own handwriting.
You have to fill out this form.
Don't forget what you need.
Let go of my arms!
Tom and Mary hugged and kissed each other.
Tom felt alone.
This policeman has more than twenty years of experience.
Tom has more than twenty years of experience.
We don't need to do that everyday.
I didn't find anything better.
This is the best method.
Tom has been doing this since he was a kid.
I've been doing this since I was a kid.
This oil well produces more than barrels per day.
The market is very volatile.
The price of oil went up.
The price of oil went down.
They are very important people.
I'm starting to wonder if this was a good idea.
He says that he wants to speak with you.
She says that she wants to speak with you.
The first minutes after a heart attack are very important.
I told Tom that he couldn't speak French.
I don't know why Tom isn't here today.
I believe that both of you are pretty handsome.
How badly do you want it?
How bad do you want it?
This letter has the wrong address.
He was at the supermarket.
She was at the supermarket.
The line isn't moving.
It's rude for people to cut in line.
Being on time for appointments is very important.
I missed my connecting flight.
Tom cut in front of the entire line.
The line starts back there. You can't cut in like that.
It's a good way to meet girls.
Tom is a park ranger.
Tom spent the afternoon with friends on the beach.
My mom is worried.
My mom worries all the time.
It's a complicated question to answer.
This is a complicated question to answer.
I'm on a strict diet.
Tom is on a strict diet.
Mary looked into her bag and realized that her computer had been stolen.
I have a cake in the oven.
Mary started digging into her purse to find her keys.
Frankenstein was written by Mary Shelley.
I wanted to get it over with.
You don't have to do everything people ask you to do.
It was not one of my proudest moments.
Tom was a real gentleman.
The party was boring, so I decided to leave.
What makes you think he had anything to do with it?
What makes you think she had anything to do with it?
What makes you think Tom had anything to do with it?
Tom finished far behind, in last place.
The German twins Anna and Lisa Hahner decided to join hands as they crossed the finish line of the marathon.
Tom was not far from me.
Mary was troubled by Tom's erratic behavior.
The owner lives above the store.
Tom can't get that car started.
Sadly, the poet died young.
I like summer best.
It's water.
This boy eats bread.
The bread is old.
She told us that the road was closed.
Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.
Life isn't a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
You really don't have to do that.
They buy bread.
You buy bread.
My name appears last in alphabetical order.
I'm buying bread.
We buy bread.
The woman spends a lot on shoes.
People say something is cold even if it is at a relatively low temperature, especially compared to body temperature.
Apparently he's sick.
The pictures are hanging in the big room.
The father has grey eyes.
It's still hot in September.
Arabic isn't complex.
The forest is very beautiful in the fall.
I don't know what's worse: being dismembered or suffocated.
They refused to publish my book.
I was forced to self-publish my book.
I was obliged to self-publish my book.
They declined to publish my book.
They did not like my book.
He did not like my book.
She did not like my book.
You did not like my book.
Self-publishing may be an attractive option.
Don't you like my book?
I like your books.
I love your books.
This publisher will publish absolutely anything.
I wrote a book about this.
I wrote a book about this exact topic.
I wrote my thesis about this.
I wrote my dissertation about this.
I wrote my dissertation about that.
I wrote my thesis about that.
That was the subject of my dissertation.
That was the subject of my thesis.
We believe in a better world.
Did you already kiss someone today?
Money is worth more than everything else in the world!
It rained hard all day today.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
He spends the day watching kitten videos on the Internet.
Is it too difficult?
Is that too difficult?
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit.
This image can be seen either as a duck or as a rabbit, but not as both at the same time.
We live on a planet called Earth that is part of our solar system. But where is our solar system? It’s a small part of the Milky Way Galaxy.
A galaxy is a huge collection of gas, dust, and of stars and their solar systems.
When you look up at stars in the night sky, you're seeing other stars in the Milky Way.
That is what Tom would do.
NASA is developing a first-ever robotic mission to visit a large near-Earth asteroid and collect a multi-ton boulder from its surface.
The mission will help scientists investigate how planets formed and how life began, as well as improve our understanding of asteroids that could impact Earth.
This mission exemplifies our nation’s quest to boldly go and study our solar system and beyond to better understand the universe and our place in it.
After a careful survey of Bennu to characterize the asteroid and locate the most promising sample sites, OSIRIS-REx will collect between to 2,grams of surface material with its robotic arm and return the sample to Earth via a detachable capsule in 2023.
We ran into the park.
Are you naturally blonde?
Tom fixed a watch.
Over the last decade NASA launched a series of satellites that offer an unparalleled view of Earth from space. That series, known collectively as NASA's Earth Observing System (EOS), has provided striking new insights into many aspects of Earth, including its clouds, oceans, vegetation, ice, and atmosphere.
Sadness lengthens life; happiness shortens it.
Airplanes were developed with a primary goal: to take their occupants across the skies at speeds never before imagined.
I couldn't even see one meter in front of me!
Although birds are often the first thing children think about when asked what kinds of animals fly, not all birds are capable of flying or gliding.
Like most other squirrels, flying squirrels live high up in the treetops.
Tom utilized some wooden chests as chairs.
What would happen if you were high above Earth’s surface or in space without a protective pressure suit or spacesuit? Would you explode? Would your blood boil? Could you survive?
The lowest layer of the atmosphere, the troposphere, begins at Earth’s surface and reaches up to kilometers at the poles and to about 17–kilometers at the equator.
The higher in the atmosphere you travel, the less air there is.
Since most of the air is located closest to Earth’s surface, the troposphere is the densest layer of the atmosphere.
Up to percent of the mass of the atmosphere is in the troposphere.
At sea level, the weight of Earth’s atmosphere exerts a force of 14.pounds on every square inch of our bodies.
Within the thermosphere, temperatures rise continually to well beyond 1,degrees C.
Temperatures in the mesosphere drop with increasing altitude to about -degrees C.
Usain Bolt is still the fastest man in the world.
The mesosphere is cold enough to freeze water vapor into ice clouds. You can see these clouds if sunlight hits them after sunset. They are called noctilucent clouds.
The mesosphere is also the layer in which a lot of meteors burn up while entering Earth’s atmosphere.
The exosphere is the highest layer of the atmosphere. It extends from the top of the thermosphere up to 10,kilometers.
Air atoms and molecules are constantly escaping to space from the exosphere.
As elevation increases, air pressure decrease.
Lower air pressure makes it more difficult for humans to breathe and get enough oxygen.
I think someone stole my password.
Brain cells are particularly sensitive to a loss of oxygen.
I need people who I can trust.
Decompression sickness, or "the bends," is a buildup of nitrogen bubbles in the bloodstream and other areas of the body.
Spacewalkers must wear pressurized spacesuits in order to work in space. These suits have pressures significantly lower than the ambient cabin pressure of a spacecraft.
If you live at a higher altitude, water boils at a lower temperature.
In Denver, Colorado, where the altitude is around 5,feet (just about mile above sea level), reduced air pressure causes water to boil to degrees C below the standard degrees C.
In the near vacuum of space, there is no air or ambient temperature, since there is no air.
The temperature of an object in space, such as the Space Station, an astronaut working out in space, or even larger objects like the Moon or Earth, changes when the Sun shines on them.
During an EVA, the outer layer of an astronaut's spacesuit may be degrees C for the side facing the Sun, and the part of that same suit facing away from the Sun could have an external temperature of -C.
The central nervous system, which includes the brain and the eyes, is particularly sensitive to oxygen deficiency.
Very low oxygen levels result in impaired judgment and ability to concentrate, lack of night vision acuity, shortness of breath, nausea, and fatigue.
In space, your body would swell without a pressure suit because liquid in your soft tissues and, to a lesser extent, water in your circulatory system would begin to vaporize. Contrary to some existing myths, you would not explode—your skin is too strong for that to happen.
Space is actually a good insulator because it is difficult to transfer heat to nothing.
He will certainly be late.
The smart student finished the exam.
Tom is very generous with his friends.
My date was a disaster.
It was very dark inside the room.
Tom's apartment is spacious.
Mary admitted that she had been secretly going out with Tom.
You can sleep in the spare bedroom.
We'll buy a new car next week.
Where have you been? I was worried sick.
Did you have any problems getting here?
I've been worried sick about you.
I told you to be home by midnight.
I just went for a walk.
Where have you been? Your mom is worried sick.
You'd better have a good explanation for this.
Tom joined the water polo team.
Where have you been, young lady?
Where have you been, young man?
Tom is old enough to look after himself.
I'm old enough to look after myself.
"Where the hell have you been?" screamed Tom's mother.
It must have been tough for you.
Where have you been? We were just about to call the police.
We were just about to call the police.
I was just about to call 911.
What happened to you? Are you hurt?
I wasn't spying or anything.
It's the most logical explanation.
You're right, as usual.
Sometimes, it's hard to tell when Tom is being serious.
Sometimes, it's hard to tell when Tom is being serious and when he's just joking around.
I can't tell if you're serious.
I can't tell if you're serious or not.
I can't tell if you're joking.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
You're just pulling my leg.
Let me have another look at that.
Tom has been behaving strangely.
What makes you think I'm your friend?
My leg is broken. I can't move.
I think that my leg is broken. I can't move.
You're not going anywhere until your room is clean.
Did you clean your room like I asked you?
What is your favorite sports team?
You've earned this, Tom.
When was the last time I saw him?
Last time, I watched an amazing film.
Look through that hole and tell me what you see.
Who is that man over there?
Who is that woman over there?
Who is that person over there?
What's that thing over there?
What is that thing over there?
Open the chest.
Unlock it.
Lock it.
Close the chest.
It's very drafty in here.
It's drafty in here.
It's really drafty in here.
What's the one thing you want more than anything else?
My cat is so adorable.
Your cat is so adorable.
Her cat is so adorable.
His cat is so adorable.
Is that a dog?
Don't worry; it won't bite.
You got back home.
The forest is really beautiful in autumn.
I can't read your handwriting.
Brazil hosts the Summer Olympics in twenty sixteen.
Brazil hosts the Olympic Games.
There's a man downstairs saying he would like to speak with you.
I don't treat you like enemies.
I should ask, right?
I don't need lawyers.
Nope, I'm not buying it.
Mary took off like a rocket. Tom disappeared in the dust cloud she left behind her.
Do you know what kind of flower that is?
The home is the woman's world, the world is the man's home.
It's very important for Mary that her kids behave well.
I dream every night.
Together we are stronger.
You can see cars and buses in every city.
The bus is full.
The watermelons this year are unusually sweet.
This problem doesn't interest me.
I want to save Tom.
He tried to kiss me on the mouth.
He lived with her for a few years in Italy.
We'll swim tomorrow.
What do the kids do in the garden?
When Tom rented a car at the airport rental agency, he agreed to bring it back in seven days.
Tom learned that the rental price would be discounted if he and the agent agreed to a seven-day rental term.
Tom wished he had studied some Georgian before he began travelling through the mountains of the Caucasus.
Tom was glad that the main highway signs giving distances to towns, etc., all had roman-alphabet transliterations below the Georgian town names.
With the help of a reference grammar of the Georgian language, Tom was eventually able to puzzle out even the few non-international traffic signs outside the two cities of Tbilisi and Kutaisi.
Did you close the window?
Let me have another look.
Starting tomorrow, this e-mail address will no longer be valid.
They bought cars and jewelry.
An old woman is crossing the street.
Sensors for motorized awnings can be bought here.
We sell sensors for motorized awnings.
The whole government has resigned.
Water expands when it freezes.
Why do I have to do this? What's the point?
The student gave the correct answer.
Tom never admits that he's wrong.
He'll never admit he's wrong.
Tom tried to cover up his mistake.
Tom never admits that he's wrong, because he thinks that's a sign of weakness.
Mary's clothes are grouped by type and color.
It's hard to throw things out.
Tom is a compulsive hoarder.
These simple tips will help you declutter your home.
I keep the cleaning products under the sink.
Tom and Mary have adopted a minimalist lifestyle.
Tom's desk is cluttered with papers.
Get rid of things you don't use.
It's time to clean your room.
Don't forget to take your medication.
Why don't you want to clean your room?
Don't get sidetracked.
Tom did not want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future.
Tom's garage is filled with things that he never uses.
I don't like having my photo taken.
Someone liked my picture on Instagram.
I wonder who liked my picture.
Living in a cluttered home is very stressful.
I haven't worn this in years.
Mary's closets are full of clothes she hasn't worn in years.
Tom did not want to throw anything away.
What's in that box?
Mary is a home staging expert.
Most home buyers have very little imagination.
Most people have very little imagination.
There's a monster in my closet.
Creative people have vivid imaginations.
When was the last time that you used this?
I don't like having my picture taken.
What's in those boxes?
Tom lives in a small space.
I might use it someday.
I found a stack of old National Geographic magazines at my parents' house.
The scent of cedar repels moths.
Tom has a Murphy bed.
The bed folds into the wall.
Do you like silent movies?
Tom adjusted the height of his office chair.
Tom retired to Florida.
I have to have it.
This phenomenon cannot be explained by science.
I had hoped we could get to know each other a little better.
Don't say anything unless someone asks you a question.
Tom is a World War II veteran.
Tom's father was a World War II veteran.
Tom's father is a Korean War veteran.
Tom was raised in a Catholic home.
Mary was raised Catholic.
Tom's mother is a devout Catholic.
My faith helped me get through some difficult times.
I was impressed with his piloting skills.
Tom was placed under house arrest.
Sometimes, it feels like the streets are always under construction.
Will you join me for breakfast?
Be careful. It's a little spicy.
Be careful. It's spicy.
Be careful. It's very spicy.
Risotto is made with arborio rice.
Arborio rice is Italian short-grain rice grown in the Po Valley. It's used to make risotto.
The farmers use water buffalos to plow rice fields.
The monk is praying.
Tom was delighted by the idea.
I suppose it will have to do.
I suppose it will have to do for now.
Could you dim the lights a little?
Tom dimmed the lights.
It's not you I'm worried about.
Tom cooks better than his wife Mary.
Tom has dark, mysterious eyes.
He was my first love.
She was my first love.
I see no alternative.
There's a warm wind blowing from the south.
The walnut tree prefers a dry and warm climate.
She seemed to be avoiding him.
The less he knows, the better.
The less she knows, the better.
Her hair was tousled.
You had better get dressed now.
You better put on some clothes.
You better put on some clothes first.
She was his first love.
He was her first love.
You should have asked her to join us.
Seventy-five percent of the world's tornadoes occur in the US.
You look beautiful today.
Tom asked the DJ for a slow song.
Tom asked for a slow song.
They talked far into the night.
Her friends talked her out of it.
My friends talked me out of it.
I haven't talked to her since.
Tom convinced her to sign the prenuptial agreement.
Do you have a prenuptial agreement?
Do you have a prenup?
Mary is a fashionista.
Tom is courageous and fearless.
Tom felt Mary trembling against him.
That sounds very risky.
Tom moistened his lips.
Mary moistened her lips.
I hope I'm not making a mistake.
I have cheated on my wife.
I believe I know where he is.
When was your last bowel movement?
Maria usually goes to school on bike.
Playing the keyboard is like riding a bike, you cannot unlearn it.
And I would like to mention another detail.
Why are you walking away from me?
I haven't talked to him since.
Put the books in the bookcase.
She and her sister are coming to visit tomorrow.
His idea is not good.
My neighbour is a doctor.
He sat to read a book.
We have named our cats Tom and Jerry.
He lost the will to carry on.
Do not forget that I am a man.
John liked to play chess.
Tom made several trips around the world, but never told anybody about a single one of them.
It is already one in the morning, and I still cannot fall asleep.
Violets and lavenders do not need much sunlight; they grow better in the shade.
My dog is named Julie. She first arrived at our home as a little puppy.
Those who talk a lot often lose their voices.
A bullet does not kill the same bird twice.
What don't you like about your handwriting?
Everybody is laughing.
He should have arrived before noon.
Truth wins out.
I am sick and tired of fast food.
Do you think this is a movie?
My Mom was exhausted.
Why does the shepherd want a beautiful wife, if he does not see her during the day, and, at night, they take her away from him?
He set himself up in the middle of the street with a sign that said, "Free hugs."
He placed himself in the middle of the street with a sign that said, "Free hugs."
Tom managed to convince a lot of people that he had paranormal powers.
So this seemed to me fairly important.
I believe that we do not in fact need to do this.
I do not want to drink your tea.
So this seemed pretty important to me.
I'd say it's gonna rain tomorrow.
Be so kind, then, as to give me this gift.
I can't leave until he comes.
That dog runs so fast!
Tom is not religious, nor does he believe in God.
I missed the movie. Did you see it?
I haven't talked to Tom since.
I own a house in Boston.
Guess who won.
I haven't talked to Tom since then.
I'm based in Boston now.
I like crowds.
I hope to see you in Boston.
We're puzzled.
Maybe I should leave Boston.
Can we do this?
We'll be in Boston all week.
Are they any good?
We'll miss living in Boston.
Are they worth it?
Tom died without heirs.
Are your lips dry?
Our head office is in Boston.
Both men took off.
We're still living in Boston.
Bring a bag lunch.
I thought you lived in Boston.
You're being rude.
The music put my imagination to work.
The music got my imagination working.
No one answered the question.
She's proud of her high school.
I saw Tom in Boston last month.
Both men were shot.
I'm a police officer in Boston.
Everyone was upset.
There's plenty to do in Boston.
We can't interfere.
We're fortunate here in Boston.
I told them to stop.
What's happening in Boston now?
Nobody was tortured.
I'm currently located in Boston.
Try harder tomorrow.
I've lived in Boston since 2013.
Wait for the police.
We think Tom might be in Boston.
It's time for change.
A lot of things happen in Boston.
Am I too old for this?
I'll see you on Monday in Boston.
I'd prefer a sandwich.
Scroll down to the bottom of the page.
Do you see that man over there?
Do you see that thing over there?
Do you see that person over there?
Do you see that woman over there?
Do you see that boy over there?
Do you see that girl over there?
Do you see that building over there?
Go inside that building. I will tell you what to do next.
Go over there, and await further instructions.
This is a fairly primitive website.
How did you acquire all this wealth?
How did you acquire your wealth?
How did you become wealthy?
How did you become so rich?
How did you become so successful?
What is the secret to your success?
I'm very good at keeping secrets. My sister told me she's keeping a diary, and I haven't told anybody! Um... Oops.
Come back here, you scoundrel!
Come back here, you little brat!
It's not finished yet.
I'll tell you when it's finished.
I'll notify you when it's ready.
You need to take responsibility for what you've done.
We know that he's a brave man.
He could at least apologize.
This is the hospital I was born in.
The club is made up of ten women.
You can't miss seeing this wonderful film.
Climate change is happening faster than scientists had expected.
It happened faster than I had expected.
July was the hottest month on record.
The July combined average temperature over global land and ocean surfaces was 0.87°C above the 20th century average, besting the previous July record set in by 0.06°C.
July is climatologically the globe's warmest month of the year.
The last month with temperatures below the 20th century average was December (-0.09°C).
You're missing the bigger picture.
Has anyone ever told you that you had a bad attitude?
Mary poked Tom in the ribs.
That's it! I've had it.
I don't like eating breakfast in bed, because the crumbs prick me.
I listened to the Beatles in my youth.
I am jealous of your success.
Unfortunately, I have no proof for my suspicion.
He speaks good Japanese, but I cannot speak German.
Here is a little mudpond.
Two thirds of the students came to the reunion.
"Why do you rob banks?" "Because that’s where the money is."
Protecting her is my responsibility.
He wasn't crying. He just got soot in his eyes.
They go barefoot.
I like to put on my rain boots and stomp in the puddles in the street.
Tom and Mary have been married for over thirty years.
I was very happy to see my old friend.
The Earth is a planet, not a star.
He refuses to accept that he is old.
He brought me a coffee even though I had asked for a tea.
They didn't know that Mary was married.
What would you do if you were here now?
Are you using the online dictionary whose link I gave you?
Which is easier to learn, Polish or Czech?
A dictionary explains words.
A dictionary makes words comprehensible.
Here is the newest magazine.
His daily fitness training is very important to him
"Do you drink your tea with milk or sugar?"- "No, I don't have it with either."
I work as a slave hours a day.
Do you accept my offer?
What is the Turkish equivalent to meditation?
I am tired, I need to go to bed.
A Haiku is a very short poem.
Are you coming to my house next Sunday?
We are experiencing a difficult and tragic time in the history of our country.
This pepperoni is spicy as hell.
Dogs pee when they want.
That is my place.
A firewall guarantees your security on the internet.
The wedding will take place in three months.
Which team will most likely win?
I advised you not to buy this house.
He was a man who was about fifty years of age.
I have pushed on the brake.
The north wind is cool.
We are not jealous.
That doesn't make sense at all.
She is a beginner, but she is learning fast.
We have made many mistakes.
The bones build up a skeleton.
The bones form a skeleton.
A year consists of three hundred and sixty-five days or three hundred and sixty-six days.
A year consists of days or days.
He has his own bus.
Come on, Tom. Let's get out of here.
A cool wind is blowing from the sea.
The diversity of flowers in this area is astounding.
Unfortunately, I can't.
You treat me as if I didn't exist.
You act like I don't exist.
Tom treats me like I don't count, like I don't even exist.
Since the early 1990s, mainly due to the decreasing seasonal sea ice in the Bellinghausen Sea, the population of the native Adélie penguin has catastrophically declined.
In the western Antarctic Peninsula region of the Bellinghausen Sea, temperatures are rapidly warming, and changes in the marine ecosystem are underway.
Algae feed large swarms of Antarctic krill, which are the main food for large predators, including the region’s Adélie penguins.
In the Northern Hemisphere, Arctic air temperatures are warming twice as fast as lower latitudes.
Walruses mate along ice edges in the drifting pack ice during winter and give birth on sea ice in spring.
Walruses use sea ice to rest, if it is close to where they hunt for food.
Unfortunately, that's the reality.
The larger fish from the south will compete with the smaller Arctic species for food, and even prey on them directly.
As new competitors and predators arrive, even the most abundant Arctic species in the northern Barents Sea, the local Polar cod, could become extinct.
In the northeast Pacific, a widespread bloom of Pseudo-nitzschia algae stretched off the North American coast from southern California to British Columbia during spring and summer 2015.
Pseudo-nitzschia produces a neurotoxin called domoic acid, which can build up in shellfish, other invertebrates, and fish. This can lead to illness and death in a variety of birds and mammals that consume them.
Everything that we think of as “modern human civilization”—permanent agriculture, continuously occupied cities, free WiFi—has emerged since the last ice age ended roughly 11,years ago.
Throughout its 4.54-billion-year history, Earth has experienced multiple periods of temperatures hotter than today’s. But as far as the “recent” past is concerned, a study published in March concluded that global average temperature is now higher than it has been for most of the last 11,years.
The scientists assembled dozens of temperature records from multiple studies, including data from sediment cores drilled in lake bottoms and sea floors, and from ice cores.
Assembling data from records that overlap in time, the scientists pieced together global average temperatures since the end of the last ice age.
Over the past century, global average temperatures have risen from near the coldest to the warmest levels in the past 11,years.
The recent increase in global average temperature is so abrupt compared to the rest of the time period that when the scientists make a graph of the data, the end of the line is nearly vertical.
Most of what we consider modern civilization fits within the last 11,years—a period of remarkable climatic stability in which people have been able to continuously inhabit in the same regions for millennia.
For most of the past 10,years, global average temperature has remained relatively stable and low compared to earlier hothouse conditions in our planet's history.
Carrie Morrill of the National Climatic Data Center explains, "You'd have to go back to the last interglacial about 125,years ago to find temperatures significantly higher than temperatures of today."
The Great Barrier Reef, located off the northeast tip of Australia, is one of the natural wonders of the world.
Coral bleaching does not immediately kill corals. They have the potential to recover if temperatures drop back below stressful levels and remain there for a long period of time—with no new shocks.
As the Colorado River spills through seven southwestern states and parts of Northern Mexico, more than million people depend on its water.
I presume you're Tom Jackson.
Winding through the high desert, across Colorado, Utah, Arizona and on down the California border, the Colorado river irrigates nearly 4.million acres of crops worth billions of dollars annually, nourishes plant and animal life in national parks, and generates more than 4,megawatts of electricity.
Southwestern cities like Phoenix and Tucson have some of the fastest-growing populations in the country.
Founded in 1902, the Bureau of Reclamation planned and built the water projects that made it possible for people to settle the desert Southwest.
Coral bleaching occurs when corals become heat-stressed enough to expel their primary source of food, the microalgae that live inside their cells. This leaves the coral looking as white as if they had been soaking in bleach.
Sadly, almost all climate models show that meaningful recovery of corals along the Great Barrier Reef may be very difficult, if it is even possible at all.
Cacao can only grow within about 20° north and south of the equator.
Cacao trees only prosper under specific conditions, including fairly uniform temperatures, high humidity, abundant rain, nitrogen-rich soil, and protection from wind.
Cacao trees thrive in rainforests.
The world's leading cacao producers are Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, and Indonesia.
Mary, we're your friends. You can tell us.
Cotton ranks among the world's most important crops.
Cotton may have been used in India as long ago as BC, and in Peru as long ago as BC.
Most of the world's cotton is grown in China, India, the United States, and Pakistan.
The United States is the world's leading cotton exporter.
As temperatures rise, plants need more water to keep cool.
The boll weevil has long plagued cotton crops.
Sea otters are cute.
As greenhouse gas concentrations continue to rise, infrared radiative cooling by the surface and the atmosphere to space becomes less effective.
It takes approximately 4,Joules to heat a kilogram of water by degree Celsius.
The upper ocean has warmed up much more than deeper layers.
Tom wasn't ready to talk about it.
Why don't you invite a friend over?
Why don't you invite some friends over?
Why don't you invite some friends over for a party?
Can I invite some friends over?
Do you want to invite friends over for your birthday?
Tom is in danger of repeating his grade.
Let's invite some friends over for dinner.
When I read Tom's report card, I was really mad at him.
Where is your report card?
"Where is your report card?" "I already gave it to you."
We both stand to benefit from this arrangement.
I'm not ready to talk about it.
Why don't you get lost.
I don't like being ordered around.
I don't like being bossed around.
They got caught red-handed.
I can take care of myself. I'm not stupid.
You can tell me anything. I'm your friend.
I'm your friend. You can tell me anything.
I'm your friend and I care about you.
I invited some friends for a party.
We can't just pretend like nothing happened.
I invited some friends for dinner. I hope you don't mind.
Rich people have fat cats.
Is there hope in salvation?
Where is the cutlery?
We sit on a bench to rest.
Lots of children in industrialised countries are too fat because they eat too many sweets.
Lots of children in industrialised countries are too fat because they eat too much candy.
I like raw food.
I worry too much.
This medication can cure him.
I do not hug her.
I don't hug her.
Do you still need our help?
She has sharpened the knives.
He and I are very happy about this message.
I have many problems to solve.
All of her friends are students.
My nephew works as a computer engineer.
He knows ten times as many English words as me.
Hurry! We don't have a lot of time.
He has lost weight.
Some birds migrate to warmer regions in the winter.
I'm amazed that you're not bored of doing the same thing every day.
A good name is better than wealth.
I prefer a systematic method.
Mary offered Tom a chewing gum, which he accepted.
Mr and Mrs Jones pay their servants every week.
This new shop will open in a week.
Did you see Mary's reaction when she saw the spider?
The other guest did this.
I'm getting married in November.
In the scientific world, there is a lot of intellectual hypocrisy.
I have to move you.
Again!
Cider please.
Hmm, maybe!
Well said!
I'm having a wedding in a month.
He invited me to slow dance.
I can't look at this calmly.
I'm practically already an adult.
I'm practically already grown up.
We have different views on life.
He'll drop you off at the airport.
She'll drop you off at the airport.
It is so quiet one can hear the the clock tick behind the wall.
It is so quiet you can hear the clock tick behind the wall.
They chatted a little bit more and then said goodbye.
He followed the sound of her voice and her call.
We headed back hand in hand.
We headed back having taken each other by the hand.
That doesn't really make sense.
When we visited London, we rode a double-decker bus across the city.
The retired couple took a pottery class at the local recreation center.
Because of the high fire risk, the governor of California issued a statewide campfire ban.
We hiked through a tropical rain forest when we visited Brazil.
Go around it.
I've never been so happy in my entire life.
I've never been so happy.
I wish I were this happy every day.
You have no idea what it feels like.
If it were up to me, you would all be exiled.
If it were up to me, I'd have you all exiled.
Injustice breeds injustice.
Hatred breeds hatred.
You think it's all unicorns and rainbows, do you?
Have at it!
The arrow pierced his armor.
He looked around, desperately trying to figure out what was going on. He had no idea what the meaning of all this noise was, and was terrified as to what would happen to him. His wondering didn't last long. Suddenly, his vision became dark — forever.
Off with his head!
Off with her head!
Off with their heads!
The building caught fire.
The entire city burned.
The whole city burned.
It is true that there are some people even so utterly without imagination that they cannot take a joke; such as that grave man of Scotland who was at last plainly told by a funny friend quite out of patience, “Why, you wouldn’t take a joke if it were fired at you out of a cannon!” “Sir,” replied the Scot, with sound reasoning and grave thought, “Sir, you are absurd. You cannot fire a joke out of a cannon!”
What have you ever done for me?
The question is not what I can do for you, but what you can do for me.
When have I ever wronged you?
I speak English, Esperanto, French and Japanese.
Few doubt she is the author.
A former Esperantist insisted that too many commas, like fly droppings, make writing look dirty.
I like Norwegian Swedish jokes.
Christopher Columbus did not discover America.
During the talk, he used some words I didn't know that fascinated me.
Computers almost always have the same price. Maybe the prices are set according to the customers' buying ability.
"I like music." "What is that supposed to mean? Is there anyone who doesn't like music?"
The firefighters were trapped between the flames.
Does she really want that?
I've never felt unsafe in Boston.
Monday was a busy day.
My father died in Boston in 2013.
That isn't a priority.
Something is happening in Boston.
This isn't a priority.
The two met in October in Boston.
We really did do that.
Tom is at a conference in Boston.
The meeting isn't over.
Tom owned a small shop in Boston.
The situation is grave.
Tom was living in Boston in 2013.
These are my suitcases.
I haven't seen that in Boston yet.
That's a tough question.
I was in Boston about a month ago.
The helicopter took off.
I wish I were in Boston right now.
They're not that stupid.
In 2013, Tom was living in Boston.
We had similar problems.
It's always interesting in Boston.
We have suffered enough.
The people in Boston were awesome.
You aren't welcome here.
The same thing happened in Boston.
October was a busy month.
The two of them grew up in Boston.
The children look afraid.
This could never happen in Boston.
The dogs started barking.
Tom is going to college in Boston.
The economy is improving.
What do you want to see in Boston?
The price was outrageous.
What was your time in Boston like?
There's always next year.
It feels good to be back in Boston.
There's still a lot left.
If you think I'm just going to stand here and take this, you've got another think coming!
In the XXI century it is necessary to know at least one foreign language.
If the phone rings, don't answer.
Love blinds, marriage allows one to find vision anew.
To the best of my recollection, Tom used to hang out mostly with Jerry up until the day he met Mary.
I'm sorry, but aren't you Tom Jackson?
Could you please take off your sunglasses?
Focus on your breathing.
The baby speaks Esperanto.
The baby is speaking Esperanto.
Take a deep breath and hold it for as long as you can.
Say nothing except the truth.
Peter opened the door.
That boy sure has a lot of energy.
That girl sure has a lot of energy.
The little girl screamed at the top of her lungs.
She has soft skin.
Tom broke his new toy.
I explained it to her.
Why don't you want to go to school?
Why don't you want to go to school, Tom?
She helps her.
Help her!
These children sure have a lot of energy.
I don't know why I lied to him.
I don't know why I lied to her.
That pizza looks delicious.
Tom definitely has a crush on her.
Tom looked at me suspiciously.
It's part of her charm.
Tom and his friends rode their bicycles together around the neighborhood.
She definitely has a crush on him.
I have no idea what to wear.
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.
Tom works on an oil rig.
Tom was captured in battle.
Human beings are social animals.
Humans are a highly social species.
He laid his hands on her shoulders.
Tom laid his hands on Mary's shoulders.
People in different cultures need more or less personal space.
They made crude jokes.
An accent can be either charming or irritating.
He's very touchy feely.
Why do people kiss?
Tom gave Mary a high five.
I just need a hug.
Tom stayed up past his usual bedtime.
The double-decker bus arrived at the bus stop.
Do you want bread?
I have no choice but to kill.
Don't kill.
Do you like animals?
I like the way you dress.
He was wounded in battle.
Well, that is a nice cover page.
I will kill you!
I like your glasses.
Tom has to be here.
I am a very sad man.
I cannot drink coffee without sugar.
I'm incapable of drinking coffee without sugar.
I'm going to go and see a film. Wanna come?
I'm going to go and see a film. Do you want to come?
Everyone likes pizza.
Baseball is boring.
Tom was an enthusiastic supporter of the project.
The pizza was cooked in a wood-fired oven.
Tom has a pizza oven in his backyard.
You can't just do what you want when you want.
Tom took a picture of the picture.
Stretch the pizza with your hands.
Stretch the dough with your hands.
The dough is made from water, flour, salt and instant yeast.
Put some sauce on the pizza.
Don't put too much cheese on the pizza.
American-style pizzas are covered with cheese, but not Neapolitan-style pizzas.
Put some basil on the pizza.
Put the pizza in the oven.
The crust is rising.
This restaurant serves authentic Neapolitan pizza.
Form the dough into a ball.
Knead the dough.
The dough broke up when Tom tried to stretch it.
The dough is stuck to the counter.
Tom put the pizza on the pizza stone.
The answer to your question is very simple.
Pizza needs to be cooked in a hot oven.
Put the dough in the refrigerator overnight.
He spoke perfect English.
Tom speaks perfect English.
All this talk of food is making me hungry.
All this talk has made me hungry.
He's a tough cookie.
She's a tough cookie.
Tom went to talk to Mary as soon as the period ended.
The students stormed out of the class as soon as the bell rang.
Mary hasn't talked to me since her sister's accident.
I'm worried. Tom hasn't been talking to anyone since his sister's accident.
Are you going to the movies this weekend?
Some of my friends are going to the movies tomorrow.
Did you ask your father?
Did you ask your mother?
Do you want to go to the movies tomorrow night?
Do you want to go to the movies tomorrow?
Can I go to the movies tomorrow?
I already told my friends that I was going.
We went to a Thai restaurant.
It's not a date. We're just going to see a movie together.
Mary was grateful that he had changed the subject.
I'll make you breakfast.
I heard you two are going out now. Is it true?
Stop calling me honey.
Tom smiled reassuringly.
That doesn't sound very good.
How are you going to spend your weekend?
If only I could be like her.
If only I could be like him.
Are you interested in astrology?
Why are you so insistent on going with me?
What the hell are you two doing?
Friends don't always stay friends forever.
His arm brushed against mine.
Her arm brushed against mine.
Tom's arm brushed against mine.
I don't think we're alone.
Mary was sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Are you going to rat me out?
My friends wanted details.
Mary threw me out of the kitchen.
Don't pay attention to her. She's just jealous.
I can't believe you did this.
I can't believe you did this!
Tom prayed for forgiveness.
No one was awake yet.
I irritated her, so she made me go.
This may be a trap.
This could be a trap.
Mary flipped her hair back.
Camp ends tomorrow.
Tom wouldn't do something like this.
Mary wouldn't do something like this.
Tom's eyes lit up.
Mary's eyes lit up.
Tom seems to have everything sorted out.
Mary seems to have everything sorted out.
Tom took a creative writing class.
Tom has curly dark hair.
Mary is preparing for her audition at the conservatory.
All applicants in music must audition.
You look terrific. Did you lose weight?
"You look terrific. Did you lose weight?" "I wish."
Tom wore a V-neck T-shirt.
Mary invited my best friend to her party, but she hasn't invited me.
Let's not rush things.
Mary invited all the popular guys to her party.
This is just how life is.
That makes me feel a bit better.
Mary kicked me out of the kitchen.
When we're hand in hand, everything heavy becomes light.
The giant weta is one of the world's largest insects.
New Zealand was isolated for million years.
The giant weta is endemic to New Zealand.
New Zealand is home to many unique plants and animals.
Invertebrates have no backbone or spinal column.
Mary solved the mystery.
Tom solved the mystery.
I'd love a good massage.
Tom is a cowboy.
He's at least twice my age.
Tom didn't tell Mary about his financial problems.
Tom received a full scholarship.
Tom would never had met his wife if he hadn't signed up for a painting class.
And that's how I met your mother.
And that's how I met your father.
This restaurant has the best pizza in the country.
He knows how to party.
She knows how to party.
They know how to party.
Tom really knows how to party.
Tom sure knows how to party.
No one has seen him since.
That's just how life is.
That's one of the ugliest dogs I have ever seen.
That's one of the ugliest buildings I have ever seen.
That is one of the ugliest buildings I have ever seen.
That is one of the ugliest dogs I have ever seen.
That's such a cute cat.
It's so adorable.
Only I can save you.
Only you can save me.
Only we can save them.
Only they can save us.
Yes, I have read the book.
The boy was too clingy to function in society.
The boy was so dependent that he could not function in society.
As a result of the riots, the incidence of looting in wealthy neighborhoods increased.
Following the riots, incidents of looting in affluent neighborhoods multiplied.
There was nothing here but remote wilderness.
"Known" is the opposite of "unknown".
Due to his skill in cutting corners, he managed to dominate the senior staff.
That boy is completely crazy. He doesn't follow any of the rules.
That boy is completely crazy.
That girl is completely crazy.
I don't know how long I'll be gone.
What exactly do you intend to do?
What exactly do you intend to do with this?
Tom came to save Mary like a knight in shining armor.
Tom came to my rescue, like a knight in shining armor.
Tom appeared out of nowhere to rescue her, like a knight in shining armor.
Tom suddenly appeared like a knight in shining armor riding to her rescue.
Tom did not hesitate to risk his life in order to come to Mary's rescue.
Tom did not hesitate to come to Mary's rescue, even at the risk of his own life.
Tom looked cautiously over the cliff.
I love living on the edge.
Mary sacrificed her own life in order to save Tom.
You are a true warrior.
Tom is a true warrior.
Mary is a powerful warrior.
The female warrior's armor seemed to leave many parts of her body unprotected.
Have you ever watched the '90s TV show Xena Warrior Princess?
It was one of the worst TV shows of the 1990s.
This was one of the best TV shows of the '70s.
It sounds like you had quite an adventure.
Do you like Seinfeld?
Friends is a popular sitcom that first aired in the '90s.
The main protagonists in Tom's stories are always animals, however the bad guys are always humans.
Who broke the window yesterday?
This debate won't get us anywhere.
This argument won't get us anywhere.
You ruined your lecture.
The universe is infinite.
I was there yesterday.
All of her children were born with Down syndrome.
Tom is a proud warrior.
Tom is a great warrior.
Mary is a proud warrior.
Mary is a great warrior.
Tom, wake up. It's me.
Mary, wake up. It's me.
Don't take any unnecessary risks.
I have no more room for new books.
It's just after midnight in Boston.
We had a very nice lunch.
It's still a little cold in Boston.
We have a new head coach.
This is just a usual day in Boston.
Is it hard being a goalie?
Tom has lived in Boston since 2013.
The story was interesting.
What's your favorite bar in Boston?
There's no leash law here.
Here in Boston, things are different.
This book isn't very good.
I think it's a lot better in Boston.
This hospital is for sale.
I'm going to a conference in Boston.
Maybe it's not interesting.
It'll be great to be back in Boston.
The curtains are fireproof.
The weather is warming up in Boston.
The driver stopped the bus.
I'm looking for my friend.
Social norms shape our behavior.
What do people do for fun in Boston?
The seats were comfortable.
I believe people in Boston will help.
The situation has improved.
I got robbed by three guys in Boston.
There are some differences.
I'm sure glad I don't live in Boston.
I just saw a few snowflakes.
In 2013, Tom was a student in Boston.
No casualties were reported.
Tom lived in Boston for a short time.
Not everyone agreed with us.
Tom's parents were married in Boston.
October 20th was a busy day.
What do you do when you're in Boston?
That's a comforting thought.
What's your favorite place in Boston?
That's a depressing thought.
For a short time, Tom lived in Boston.
That's an interesting topic.
They were at each other's throats.
Mary struggled to raise Tom as a single mother.
Tom laughed like an idiot.
It's normal to be scared.
What is your greatest fear?
I should have quit smoking years ago.
I should have quit drinking years ago.
It's normal. There's nothing to be scared of.
It's normal to be scared. I'm scared too, you know.
It's normal to be scared. I'm scared too.
Tom can move objects with his mind.
Mary has telekinetic powers.
Mary can move objects with the power of her mind.
You need to learn to talk about your feelings.
Tom doesn't like talking about his feelings.
Men sometimes perceive expressing emotions as a sign of weakness.
Expressing your feelings is not a sign of weakness.
Tom is not good at talking about his emotions.
A little lie never hurt anybody.
Honesty is important in a relationship.
I lied to protect you.
Tom doesn't feel comfortable talking about his feelings.
It's okay for a man to cry.
It's okay to cry when you're sad.
It's okay for boys to cry.
Mary slammed her purse on the table.
It's okay to feel emotions.
Tom quickly got down to business.
Mary is a mystery shopper.
Smiling can make us happy.
Smiling can make you happier.
It wouldn't hurt if you smiled a little once in a while.
Smiling all the time can be exhausting.
The campers sang songs around the campfire.
That's not what I meant. I'm sorry.
You two make quite a team.
The young man had neglected his appearance, and his clothing was dishevelled.
She has no respect for anyone.
Tom has no respect for anyone.
He inspired feelings of strength and security.
She tried as hard as she could to give only to the needy.
Clay bricks can be bought from the manufacturer.
The Gospel of John was probably written about fifty years after its predecessor.
The full crop yield for the year will not be enough to provide a minimum amount of revenue.
That boy is completely nuts. He doesn't follow any rules.
Frustrated by the ticket, the driver furiously kicked the parking meter.
The guy was too energetic. Everyone tried to get away from him.
The guy had too much energy. Everybody was trying to shake him off.
His voice kept getting louder until he got hoarse.
The young man wrapped himself up in a down quilt and dreamed of a heat wave.
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century B.C.E.
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century before the Common Era.
The inscription carved into the rock is from the sixth century B.C.
Burning the flag on Independence Day? As if!
ׁWith enormous momentum, he picked up the beautiful princess and threw her overboard into the sea.
And now the moment you've all been waiting for.
Have you ever even seen a firefly?
Tom and Mary splashed each other playfully.
They splashed each other playfully.
An apple was sitting on the bench.
An apple was sitting on the couch.
He kissed the tip of her nose.
Tom kissed the tip of Mary's nose.
Tom died under mysterious circumstances.
He had left the world's most cosmopolitan city, so anywhere he went was bound to seem provincial.
This idea was easier to cope with.
Who spilled the ink on the floor?
Smoke was choking her.
The roar of the fire drowned the screams.
Tom chuckled nervously.
I wanna marry a gamer girl.
Today he cut his finger, therefore he cannot play the piano very well.
One of these days, the kitchen will be ready
I am planning to attend the annual meeting.
Save me, you coward!
Kill me, you coward!
Come back here, you coward!
Stand here and fight!
I sat outside and studied Japanese.
That is one of the most hideous paintings I have ever seen.
That is one of the most beautiful paintings I have ever seen.
That is one of the loveliest paintings I have ever seen.
It is important to eat on time.
You help me with the translation.
I have become good at writing Japanese.
Water is very important.
Many people around the world don't have access to good quality water.
I can't wait to see you all in Boston.
The guards are watching you.
Let's discuss what happened in Boston.
There's time for everything.
Much has changed in Boston since then.
Do you plan to go to college?
The negotiations took place in Boston.
It really does stink in here.
There's a lot to see and do in Boston.
Now you're just overreacting.
Tom lives in Boston with his children.
That happened on Park Street.
Tom robbed a bank in Boston last week.
The Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
We spent about three months in Boston.
The conference ends tomorrow.
When did your family arrive in Boston?
Think about the implications.
You've been living in Boston too long.
This battery is rechargeable.
I did understand you.
A combination of sixty hours of work and forty hours of class is stressful for anyone.
Yes, I understand, but we can't do anything about it.
Tom and Mary are at each other's throats.
Chinese diver Chen Aisen earned a perfect score on his last dive.
She bought a shroud for herself long before she died.
I have to sleep now.
The cat is drinking.
I'm a dog.
The dog runs fast.
I gave a lot of cheese.
We eat eggs.
We have six eggs.
We have eggs.
Since you're so smart, why don't you do it yourself?
Thank you for nothing.
I think they'll make a cute couple.
Dammit, who the hell's calling me in the middle of the night?
This jacket is from Europe.
The line stretched around the corner.
The line outside the club stretched around the corner.
The line stretched down the block and around the corner.
Canadian swimmer Penny Oleksiak won four medals at the Rio Olympics at the age of only 16.
Penny Oleksiak is the first athlete born in the 2000s to win a gold medal at the Olympics.
I don't want to study.
I don't feel like studying right now.
Stop underestimating yourself.
We are all products of our environment.
I will prove to the world that you are a very stupid expert.
Mary was unable to finish her lunch.
Mary didn't finish her lunch.
Mary couldn't finish her lunch.
Tom stole Mary's lunch.
Mary was clearly upset.
Tom was clearly upset.
Were you kissing?
The banana was brown and mushy.
I don't want to eat that banana.
Mary made banana bread with the overripe bananas.
The campers sat around the campfire.
The marshmallow caught on fire.
We sat around the campfire roasting marshmallows.
Tom unpacked his sleeping bag.
There's a spider inside the tent.
Tom unrolled his sleeping bag.
Don't bring food inside the tent.
Don't bring food inside the tent. It will attract animals.
The zipper's stuck.
Tom, help me. The zipper's stuck.
Can you zip up my dress?
Tom unzipped the zip file.
Can you zip me up?
Could you please zip up my dress?
Oh, Mary, you look terrific!
I can't get my dress zipped up.
Tom put a foam pad under his sleeping bag.
Tom wore long underwear.
Have you ever worn long underwear?
Tom wore long johns.
Wool is warm.
I wish I had brought an umbrella.
There's a big storm coming.
The sky darkened.
I wish I had brought my raincoat.
We got caught in the storm.
We had better hurry or we'll be caught in the storm before we reach the camping site.
Tom twisted his ankle while hiking.
Tom sprained his ankle while hiking.
I've got blisters all over my feet.
Tom had blisters all over his feet.
Children like to explore. This can be dangerous.
Don't sleep too close to the fire.
Children like to explore.
"I thought you were asleep." "Me too."
Tom put a foam mat under his sleeping bag.
Tom unrolled his sleeping bag on his foam pad.
Self-inflating camping mats are very convenient.
Tom unfolded the camp chairs.
What are those flowers called?
The children sat cross-legged around the fire.
It was hot inside the tent.
They heard wolves howling in the distance.
Tom heard wolves howling.
Tom went on a camping trip.
Tom doused the campfire.
Mary has an eating disorder.
Do you mind if I sit next to you?
Is it a real tattoo?
Tom, do something. There's a snake inside the tent!
Big boys don't cry.
Big girls don't cry.
The gazelle ran away from the cheetah.
The rainforest was cut down and replaced by a palm oil plantation.
Antelopes can easily outrun lions.
The antelope ran away.
Palm oil production is the leading cause of deforestation in Indonesia.
Tom is a string theorist.
Drink your milk!
Do you drink milk?
Does she drink milk?
She drinks milk.
He drinks milk.
He drank milk.
This is the most beautiful song I've ever heard.
This is the most beautiful song I've ever heard in my life.
This is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.
This is one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard in my life.
This is one of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen.
This is one of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen in my life.
Tell me which one of these you want.
Tom got a big promotion.
What's your favorite brand of electronics?
If you ever need my help, just let me know.
Speaking a foreign language correctly is much harder than understanding one.
Which of these is yours?
What's wrong with that one?
If you knew what I knew, you wouldn't be so complacent.
Tom got up before dawn.
The hunters got up before dawn.
The fishermen got up before dawn.
A lot has changed in Boston since then.
This is very, very important.
Did you ever sell your house in Boston?
You don't have to say a word.
I lived in Boston for many, many years.
I often perform in nightclubs.
I'm glad that Tom is in Boston with us.
Overpopulation is the problem.
Maybe I don't belong in Boston anymore.
Selling newspapers isn't easy.
Three men were also arrested in Boston.
That's a controversial theory.
Whenever Tom is in Boston, he stops by.
The refrigerator door is open.
All our children go to school in Boston.
The results weren't very good.
I was hoping to raise my kids in Boston.
All the parking lots were full.
I've been in Boston for three years now.
I prefer spending time indoors.
The women row together in an old Chinese shell called a dragon boat, which contains seats for twenty rowers.
In case the refrigerator malfunctions, please read the operating instructions.
He has very deep convictions.
I have very deep convictions.
She has very deep convictions.
They have very deep convictions.
We have very deep convictions.
He doesn't have any deep convictions.
They don't have any deep convictions.
We don't have any deep convictions.
She doesn't have any deep convictions.
He has no deep convictions.
They have no deep convictions.
We have no deep convictions.
She has no deep convictions.
He never lets his beliefs get in the way of his actions.
He never lets his beliefs get in the way of his duty.
She never lets her beliefs get in the way of her duty.
Compassion is alien to him.
Compassion is alien to her.
Compassion is alien to them.
It's an annual tradition here in Boston.
Life is really tough sometimes.
Now, lets just hope Tom stays in Boston.
Most people aren't that stupid.
Obviously, I'd love to be in Boston.
No formal training is required.
That show was filmed in the Boston area.
No one interrupted the speaker.
The firm has opened an office in Boston.
No visitors are permitted here.
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.
No, everything isn't all right.
There's actually plenty to do in Boston.
Now think of the possibilities.
Will Tom still be in Boston next Monday?
Oh, that's kind of interesting.
Both of us will be in Boston for a while.
One day, somebody will succeed.
I haven't yet seen that happen in Boston.
Our grandchildren will love it.
Deception was deeply rooted in the character of the mustachioed captain.
Although I was sick, I did my best.
Strange things happened in that house.
Who am I going to lean on when the times get rough?
There is nobody better than you.
Uh-oh! Dark storm clouds are gathering over the lake.
A number of companies manufacturing a line of popular small cars have simply scaled up those models.
An aide told reporters, off the record, that the senator had been lying.
Don't wait up for me. I'll be very late tonight.
Have you seen Sally of late?
He decided to give the money to the first stranger who came along.
He was glad that for once he had not listened.
This pianist is known for his virtuosity.
The exhibition is already open.
They can open the window.
We passed by the pharmacy before coming home.
Many thanks, friends.
You are two years younger than Tom.
Tony owns this book.
Bibili sila ng tinapay.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease.
I eat with my sister at noon.
My heart beats fast.
Your family needs you.
This pen is mine.
It sounds crazy, I know.
I know that it sounds crazy, but you've got to believe me.
Tom was the star of the show.
Tom, be quiet and listen to me.
Tom, shut up and listen to me.
That's what you've wanted all along, isn't it?
Wasn't that what you wanted?
She was never seen again.
He was never seen again.
She was never seen again after that.
How could you humiliate me like that?
Why can't you accept me for who I am?
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.
I just want you to accept me for who I am.
I'm glad we cleared that up.
Were there any other survivors?
Tom has selective hearing.
Tom has selective hearing. He only hears what he wants to hear.
You embarrassed me in front of my friends!
Tom is the man of the hour.
Tom gathered wood for the fire.
Let's build a bonfire!
Tom fumbled in his pockets.
Oh, look, a shooting star!
Stop speaking in riddles.
Tom took out a bag of marshmallows.
Tom added wood to the fire.
Tom roasted his marshmallow over the fire.
Tom is good at telling stories.
We need to clean the camp site before we leave.
Tom and Mary made a bonfire on the beach.
This marshmallow is perfect.
Tom stuck a marshmallow at the end of the stick.
Tom skewered the marshmallow with his stick.
I didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends.
I didn't want to look stupid, so, I pretended like I knew what was going on.
A heavy rain had fallen.
The weather was lenient.
I then realized that there was a female leopard roaring some fifty to sixty meters away.
He left a window open.
We live on a planet called Earth.
I come from a planet called Earth.
Tom comes from a planet called Earth. It's very far away.
Tom works for a large bank.
It thunders.
Tom always orders the cheapest item on the menu.
Tom ordered the cheapest item on the menu.
Tom pushed me and I pushed him back.
Mary gave him a little kiss on the cheek.
This bookstore deals exclusively in old and rare books.
You look like a ragamuffin.
These clothes are too big for you.
Tom didn't complain once.
She didn't complain once.
Tom and Mary were very quiet in the car.
It might be useful one day.
Just because someone is older than you, it doesn't mean that they know more than you.
Stop putting food on my plate.
John eats his peach.
Give me the ballpoint pen.
Whoever hears his recorded voice has the feeling of having heard a stranger.
More and more people offered their help.
I'm dying of cold.
What’s the best way to go there?
Tom is the project manager.
It’s the sound that you hear when all is quiet.
It's so true.
Let's go to the waterpark.
Tom and Mary went to the water park.
He’s making a face like three days of rainy weather.
Tom slid down the water slide.
Tom kept splashing water in Mary's face.
I forgot to buy a birthday cake.
His face looks melancholy.
He's a sourpuss.
Tom works as a sailing instructor.
He’s as friendly as a prison door.
He has a bitter aspect.
He has a funereal bearing.
Don’t think of anything bad.
Sometimes, buying a cheaper product will cost you more in the long run.
Accountants are sometimes called "bean counters".
"Doctor, tell me plainly, even if it’s hard: will I survive this, or have I baked my last cake?" - "For sure you’ll get well again; the only question is when."
"Doctor, say it to me quite frankly, even if it's difficult: Will I pull through, or have I bit the biscuit?" - "You're going to be back on your feet again. The question is just when!"
She has tried to correct the child’s habit of telling lies.
The modern bourgeois society that has sprouted from the ruins of feudal society has not done away with class antagonisms.
I hastened here to give the dear departed my last, very sad farewell.
Preaching wearies the body.
On Thursdays we go to the movies.
Every Thursday we go to the cinema.
Mary's friends tried to cheer her up.
Tom's friends tried to cheer him up.
Tom pumped his fist in the air.
Tom escaped unscathed from the wreckage.
Not in a million years.
Where there's harmony, there's order.
Tom and Mary liked each other instantly.
Water doesn't stay in a sieve.
Tom was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome.
Under supervision, he looks after his clients much better.
Jack was too lazy to give them a call, so they decided to walk without him.
That's how it happened.
Is there nothing else?
Did you see a good film last time?
Today I'm resting up at home.
Tom passed out from the pain.
Mary almost passed out from the pain.
War is, at first, the hope that one will be better off; next, the expectation that the other fellow will be worse off; then, the satisfaction that the other fellow isn't any better off; and, finally, the surprise at everyone's being worse off.
Are you looking for something specific?
The devil is an optimist if he thinks he can make people meaner.
The log floated down the river.
Tom floated down the river in a barrel.
Thanks. You've been a big help.
Tom's room is at the end of the hall, on the right.
She failed the math test, so she had to take a remedial class.
Thanks so much for the help.
In my family, the one who gets up earliest is my mother.
You have no right to ask me that.
I have less than five friends who know how to speak French.
I wanted Tom to confess.
I said good night to my parents and went to bed.
What's that letter about?
You should give him another chance.
He couldn't take another step.
Don't listen to him. He's lying to you.
Don't listen to him. Tom is lying to you.
Don't listen to her. She's lying to you.
I'm going to stay at your house until Sunday morning.
Don't listen to Tom. He's lying to you.
Things will get better.
In America traffic keeps to the right.
The zoo is situated in the east end of the city.
In our house there are two cats: one white and the other black.
My job starts in three months.
Some Chinese food has a lot of MSG in it.
The barb on fishhooks make them difficult to remove.
A septic tank should not be confused with a well.
I won the raffle.
Despite the great effort that we invested, we did not reach an agreement.
You have great talent. You are truly gifted.
Tom always orders the cheapest dish on the menu, except when someone else is paying; then he orders the most expensive.
The poet died young, but his works survived for centuries.
Even the human race will die one day.
Even the human race will become extinct one day.
Even the human race will disappear one day.
I was born and raised in the Boston area.
Return to the ship immediately.
Something strange is happening in Boston.
See below for more information.
The exhibit is in Boston for three weeks.
Storage space isn't a priority.
There was a big fire in Boston yesterday.
The decision wasn't a surprise.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Boston with us.
The evidence speaks for itself.
We met in Boston through a mutual friend.
The future looks really bright.
We met through a mutual friend in Boston.
The middle class is struggling.
We were supposed to leave that in Boston.
The others are playing outside.
Are all of Tom's brothers still in Boston?
The plan was never implemented.
I haven't seen one of those in Boston yet.
The police can't be everywhere.
Even the human race will come to an end one day.
I eat bread covered with flax seeds, which end up all over the table.
I saw you ogling women on the beach as they passed by.
Is that a smile or a leer?
Twelve sailors stand on the deck, looking longingly towards the shore.
We don't usually grant exemptions, but given the circumstances, I think we can make an exception.
The various theoretical frameworks have failed to adequately explain this phenomenon.
The predictive power of this theory has been demonstrated time and time again.
These symbolize the protagonist´s unwillingness to succumb to the pressures of society.
These symbolize the protagonist´s unwillingness to give in to the pressures of society.
Deploying a number of arguments making use of the latest discoveries in the fields of genetics and archaeology, the author provides solid evidence in favor of his theory.
I wasn´t entirely right, but you can´t have everything.
This discovery opened up the floodgates to research and led to the establishment of the discipline as a legitimate field of inquiry.
This view is supported by recent scientific discoveries.
This discovery has the potential to radically change the field.
Who would refuse such an offer?
Who would refuse such a generous offer?
This discovery has the potential to transform the field.
If you ever dare cross me again, you'll regret it!
Plagiarism is a serious transgression of academic ethics.
"Don't tell me: you lost the keys again." "I did not!" "So where are they?" "Um... I'll get back to you on that."
Is there a way to find out when the author started to work on his book?
If you do that, I'll sue you for breach of contract!
When was the book written?
When was the book published?
Who's the author?
Who is the author?
I just got my driver's license.
I got my driver's license today.
Let me see your driver's license.
"Does it still work?" "Define 'work'."
We don't swim at night.
Your wish is granted.
She is always right.
I won't tell anyone that you're in Boston.
The stadium is being evacuated.
Please stay in Boston for a few more days.
There's not much happening now.
That took place in Boston three weeks ago.
Things haven't really improved.
The company was founded in Boston in 2013.
Turn the knob counterclockwise.
The police eventually found Tom in Boston.
Every precaution has been taken.
After 2013, Tom lived and worked in Boston.
Every precaution is being taken.
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.
Freedom is very, very important.
The same thing is happening here in Boston.
Here are some interesting links.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.
Here's something very important.
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.
History may be repeating itself.
Another store will be opened in Boston soon.
I thought you lived by yourself.
Do you have a favorite restaurant in Boston?
It wasn't really very difficult.
This is one of the oldest schools in Boston.
Most people are pretty friendly.
Tom was born in Boston and he grew up there.
Neither decision was a surprise.
We were supposed to leave Boston that night.
No prior experience is required.
You won't find very many of these in Boston.
One of the prisoners has escaped.
I've been in Boston way longer than you have.
One suspect has been identified.
Tom's relatives in Boston have been notified.
Our school is now coeducational.
Are you looking for something to do in Boston?
Suddenly, there was a commotion.
How long do you think Tom will stay in Boston?
Teachers' salaries are very low.
I hope you and Tom have a good time in Boston.
That's a very interesting topic.
Is Tom still planning to go to Boston with us?
That's definitely a possibility.
This kind of food is really popular in Boston.
The building has been evacuated.
Tom and Mary live in Boston with their father.
The competition will be intense.
Tom and Mary got married and settled in Boston.
The customer isn't always right.
The police eventually found Tom's car in Boston.
The guys are playing basketball.
Tom was born in Boston and he grew up in Boston.
The prices are ridiculously low.
I asked Tom when he was planning to go to Boston.
The results have been miserable.
I met Tom when I was singing in a club in Boston.
The situation is still critical.
The next time I'm in Boston, I'll try to visit you.
There's no shortage of food now.
Who came to our house?
Whether a language, dialect, or accent sounds pleasant or not is heavily dependent on whether the listener has any prior prejudices or preconceptions about what he or she is hearing.
Since you don't have anything to do, why not come fishing with me this weekend?
Tom said he thought it could happen in Boston, too.
This movie has French subtitles.
Most people in Boston don't really care what happens.
Three crew members were rescued.
Three of my friends are going to Boston next weekend.
Free refreshments will be served.
I told Tom that I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Here are a few interesting facts.
Tom said that he would be moving to Boston next October.
My grandfather was superstitious.
The two of them have been in Boston for over three years.
No complaints have been reported.
Those of you that live in Boston know what the problem is.
No prior experience is necessary.
Tom learned how to play golf while he was living in Australia.
Oh well, everyone makes mistakes.
This game is played differently in Australia.
Our offer wasn't taken seriously.
How do people celebrate the new year in Australia?
Season tickets will be available.
Bill's been to Japan.
Many people stated he was a capable businessman who knew how to make a profit.
I pride myself on being the humblest person I know.
Strive only for self-interest and nothing else.
Strive for profit above all.
Strive for profit and pursue nothing else.
Alessia's homework are very difficult.
Marco's test was so hard he couldn't do it.
Paul is not as fast as me.
Turn to the left immediately after the corner.
You can get nothing without labor.
This election is important for the future of this country.
Tom is hiding something. I know it.
She's hiding something. I know it!
I really love my job.
He's a real piece of work.
Tom is a real piece of work.
I don't like the taste of alcohol.
I don't like alcohol because it tastes bad.
We need to eat in order to live.
I could have met you at the airport.
There's no need to be rude.
I believe in guardian angels.
Will you do this for me?
You are not as rich as that man.
I am as rich as you.
A Spanish song was playing in the supermarket where I went to buy fruits and vegetables yesterday.
Where are you guys now?
The influence of the Arabic language is quite evident in the Spanish language.
Who said it is bad?
They want sex, wealth and fame.
There is gender equality in this country.
What have you done right now? I've just woken up.
She's lucky.
My brother insisted on going alone.
No one loves you as much as I do.
What's everybody laughing about?
The young woman who works at the bakery is pretty.
My heart was beating faster and faster.
When I saw him, I just panicked.
I have no remorse.
I have no talent for politics.
I am not made for politics.
I have absolutely no memory of what happened.
You have no sense of humor, do you?
I have no interest in money.
I have no intention of cheating. What's the point?
I have no intention of retiring. I'm still young.
I have no problem making money.
I still don't entirely trust Tom.
I still feel unsafe and uncomfortable in a crowd.
I am not at ease in a crowd.
Usually, I'll be gone before the morning light.
Tit for tat.
Toasts always fall on the buttered side.
Buses always come in threes.
It is always the darkest just before the Day dawneth.
The darkest hour is just before dawn.
Smoke can be produced without fire.
I want to eat something that can only be eaten here.
Believe me!
I don't remember exactly the date.
I'm not accusing anyone in particular.
I'm not accusing anyone.
I didn't get them.
The boy is buying a dog.
They met in a restaurant on the Left Bank.
Where are all the good men?
Tom is a real handyman.
Where do you usually eat lunch?
I forgot to bring an umbrella with me.
Tom won three races.
I wanted to play tag with the other children, but they wouldn't let me.
Tom hired a very good lawyer.
If you had told me you were planning to go, I would've waited for you.
Tom and Mary still aren't out of high school.
Did that work?
Tom invited his friends over.
The restaurant where we're going to eat dinner isn't far from here.
I know Tom is sleepy.
It's good fun.
Tom is a brilliant scientist.
The movie we saw last night was in French with English subtitles.
Tom and Mary didn't go to the dance together.
It's my style.
Tom is a business consultant.
I've been staying at my younger brother's house on Park Street.
I'll always love Tom.
It's not free.
Tom is a good-hearted person.
Only one student stayed after class to talk to the teacher.
We couldn't help but laugh when we listened to his story.
They'll become teachers.
We'll kill him.
Tom is the only one who has a camera.
We all desired peace.
She was sitting.
This cannot be got across with words.
I'm not forgetful.
The kids will go to school soon.
Happiness is not being loved. Rather, it is giving love.
You've grown up.
He bought some chocolate for her.
The only one who knows where Mary is is Tom.
It's not gold.
Tom is a great first baseman.
The movie we watched was in French with English subtitles.
Tom came home filthy.
It's still OK.
Tom is a retired businessman.
My car is stuck in the mud. Could you help me push it out?
Tom didn't expect to see Mary at the party.
My gun jammed.
Tom is a successful salesman.
After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.
Tom is a jealous man.
Now I'm angry.
Tom is a very easy-going guy.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
Tom and Mary's marriage lasted three years.
That's no fun.
Tom is a wonderful young man.
Some people think that Earth will be invaded by aliens.
So it's not something you enjoy?
Having waited for three quarters of an hour at the doctor's, Tom got more and more impatient.
So do you have any phrases that you can use a lot in French?
I don't know where the treasure was hidden.
Do you have a lunch service at school?
Tom asked something.
Please take next Sunday off.
When our parents aren't there, my younger brother takes on a completely different manner.
"The more you see Tom, the better looking he is." "Yeah, the less you see him, the worse he looks?"
We're friends, not lovers.
Mary put a towel on Tom's forehead.
Tom put a wet towel on Mary's forehead.
Tom put a hot water bottle on Mary's forehead.
Mary wrapped a hot water bottle in a towel and placed it on Tom's forehead.
I'll get you some aspirin.
Tom wrapped the ice pack in a damp towel and placed it on his thigh.
Tom caused the whole peloton to crash.
The cyclist caused the whole peloton to crash.
Professional cyclists usually ride in pelotons.
Apply some ice to the injured area to reduce swelling.
This cyclist is injured.
Many top athletes take ice baths after workouts.
Tom took an ice bath after his workout.
Tom jumped into the freezing water.
Mary jumped into the icy water without hesitation.
Some athletes believe that taking an ice bath after a workout or a race allows their body to recover more quickly.
Professional cyclists usually shave their legs.
Tom ran his first marathon.
Tom ran a half-marathon.
Tom looked very good.
I enjoyed that.
Tom is almost unable to walk.
I think it's about time you put new tires on your car.
Tom and Mary have almost nothing in common.
I need to quit.
Tom is as determined as ever.
Three of my friends have gotten married to Canadians.
Tom wanted some food.
I saw the data.
Tom is excited about his job.
It's great to see so many people enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship.
I should do it.
Tom is facing life in prison.
If you'd asked me for it, I would've given it to you.
I know Tom is excited.
We need change.
Tom is heading to the marina.
I know that most people here don't like me very much.
Try to be as quiet as possible.
Mary took an ice bath after the race.
None of that is true.
Mary graduated at the top of her class.
Tom graduated at the top of his class.
Tom hoped Mary would make it to his party.
Can we get help?
Tom is in the emergency room.
Three people were stabbed on Park Street last night.
I'm not on Tom's side.
I agree totally.
Tom is just a friend of ours.
Over three hundred people lost their lives that day.
Tom and Mary have several mutual friends.
We're all right.
Tom is looking to buy a boat.
Most people won't tell you what they really think.
I've never beaten Tom.
Did you steal it?
Tom is still waiting outside.
Most people couldn't tell the Jackson twins apart.
Tom and Mary attended the party together.
My boat is small.
Tom is telling you the truth.
The hardware store is still where it used to be.
"Tom would never lie." "If you knew, my dear, if you knew."
You can spell it with or without a hyphen.
Do it quick!
Do it quickly!
Please write what you said.
Tom lives far from the airport.
There isn't a guard.
I was starving when I got home.
Who can say what we did is wrong?
Some of us hate him.
I don't allow you to smoke.
Do you not remember what you said anymore?
Maybe we can repair it.
We gave up the bad habits.
They'll get married.
When does the bakery open?
That game will finish soon.
Her cousin lives in the U.S.
I put that in the category about memorabilia.
Do you know why Tom didn't attend the meeting this afternoon?
She'll save more money.
He can't pick.
He can't choose.
He was silent the whole discussion.
I have ten times more books than you do.
I did something I regret.
I don't want a horse.
I told Tom we are friends.
She's wearing hair curlers.
I'd like to sit here for a moment.
Let's give Tom a lift.
My legs are fine.
Tom is very worried about it.
It could take up to three months to finish this.
Tom was married to Mary for three years.
Stay in your car.
Tom is violent and dangerous.
I've already sung that song three times tonight.
Please don't hurt Tom.
Tom is walking up the stairs.
I worked at a restaurant during summer vacation.
Tom and Mary meant everything they said.
They're doing OK.
Tom jumped out of the bushes.
We had to change buses three times to get here.
Tom was very diligent.
This isn't cheap.
Tom knew there was a problem.
There are several motorcycles parked out front.
Peace.
Therefore?
Wonderful.
I dozed off.
With your permission.
Pardon?
Yummy!
Your go.
I will not tolerate such subordination.
What's your real opinion?
Given the circumstances, it was inevitable that such an incident should take place.
Crime rates have gone down significantly over the past decade.
We have never been richer.
"I don't think that's a good idea." "What would you have me do, then?"
Our research indicates that such outcomes are becoming more common in this age group.
What did she really mean?
What did you really mean?
What did he really mean?
What did you really mean by that?
What did he really mean by that?
What did she really mean by that?
No one is better at this than I am.
Everybody loves me.
Is there anybody who doesn't love me? I don't think there is.
Is there anyone who doesn't love me? I don't think there is.
Just shut up for a minute, and I'll explain what happened.
This is a complete and total disaster.
This is a total disaster.
That was a total disaster.
It was a complete and total disaster.
No one is better at this than me.
Italian and Spanish are very similar.
I love the taste of mushrooms.
What did Tom really mean?
What did Tom really mean by that?
Do you think Tom really meant what he said?
I'm teaching.
According to a study conducted by the Parenthood Foundation, the percentage of young people having unprotected sexual intercourse is on the rise.
Love is worth more than gold.
He's sleeping.
She's sleeping.
Which European city do you like the most?
Somebody attacked him.
Somebody attacked her.
Somebody attacked me.
Dogs see in the dark.
Welcome to Helsinki, the capital of Finland!
Tom gave me some advice.
How long were you sick?
To scream at the top of your lungs.
Tom's exaggerating.
The world is getting smaller every year.
I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella just in case.
Oh, we're out of sugar.
He is much taller than me.
He loves baseball.
Peter doesn't want to go to Nepal with me.
He's afraid of telling his parents that he's homosexual.
Can I have the sugar, please?
Our army occupied this region without a fight.
He doesn't know his father.
She doesn't know her father.
Something important happened.
Absolute zero is the lowest possible temperature.
Go as fast as possible.
Now this is your problem, not mine.
This morning, Tatoeba isn't working very well.
What is a meteor?
Blossoming cherry is beautiful.
We must avoid war at all cost.
All money from the counter was stolen.
The food is on the table.
Happy Midsummer!
Welcome back!
Tom and Mary lost everything they owned.
You should do it.
Tom leaned over the banister.
It would be great if we could do that together.
Tom worked until 2:30.
Can we stop there?
Tom left his coat downstairs.
If you really try, you should be able to do it.
I think Tom has a lot of faith in Mary.
Come out and play.
Tom lost weight very quickly.
One person suffered life-threatening injuries.
What did Tom do wrong?
Come to my office.
Tom must've missed something.
I don't have as many of these as I wish I had.
Tom knocked on Mary's bedroom window.
Cut off the power.
Tom never got out of his car.
We all agreed to meet here again next Monday.
I'm not good at negotiating.
The salespeople often overcharge me.
I never liked him anyway.
I never liked her anyway.
Everyone laughed, except Tom.
Mary admitted that she had dabbled in the magical arts.
Tom was reading an old manuscript.
Tom is a practitioner in the black arts.
Tom has studied the occult sciences.
Tom took a shortcut through a dark alley.
Tom has dabbled in the dark arts.
Tom has dabbled in the magical arts.
Tom and Mary rented a room in one of Boston's most luxurious hotels.
Tom rented a suite in one of Boston's most expensive hotels.
It's already impossible for Tom to imagine his life without a car.
Gentleman once meant a person of high social class and sufficient income so that he didn't have to work.
Vibeke is a beautiful girl from Norway.
You need to start taking responsibility for your actions.
You need to start taking responsibility for your actions, young man.
The rocket was launched this morning.
You need to start taking responsibility for your actions, young lady.
I think you're forgetting something.
Tom took the sandwich out of his lunchbox.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your sister.
I'm trying my best to provide for you and your brother.
Try to control your temper.
You need to respect my privacy.
You need to stop being selfish.
Mary is mad at me because she thinks I stole her boyfriend.
This translation is not quite up to snuff.
A happy worker is a better worker.
Sweden has generous parental leave and child care policies.
I will make him return what he has stolen.
The French government made a 35-hour workweek mandatory in 2000.
European scientists have discovered a potentially habitable planet orbiting Proxima Centauri, the closest star to our solar system.
Her husband was snoring loudly.
I don't like hearing myself.
I don't like hearing myself talk.
I don't like the sound of my own voice.
I don't want to talk about it, okay?
Mary likes hearing herself talk.
She obviously likes hearing herself talk.
Oh, you poor thing.
Oh, you poor thing!
Tom is currently serving ten years in prison.
Many people have never seen the Milky Way.
Most people in North America can't see the Milky Way.
About 80% of North Americans can no longer see the Milky Way because of light pollution.
LED streetlights are more energy-efficient, but they dramatically increase light pollution.
The Death Valley National Park is known for its dark skies.
Sixty percent of Europeans can no longer see the Milky Way.
The night sky is beautiful and awe-inspiring.
Sodium streetlights are being replaced by LEDs.
Strange things have happened in these woods.
There are strange things happening in the woods.
These woods are haunted.
Most swimmers shave their bodies.
Most swimmers shave their body hair.
I saw a strange light in the woods.
The city was overtaken by the jungle.
The city was overtaken by the jungle and disappeared.
Tom didn't make it very far.
The U.S. housing market collapsed in 2008.
I didn't think it would be that easy.
Tom was woefully unprepared.
We were woefully unprepared.
They were woefully unprepared.
At least, he did not die in vain.
Tom did not die in vain.
Your son did not die in vain.
Your son did not die in vain. He died a hero.
Your son did not die in vain. He died fighting for his country.
Tom did not die in vain. He died a hero.
I hate riddles.
What if Tom was right?
Cut the power off.
Tom packed up his belongings.
Only three people thought it was a good idea.
Tom and Mary went to church together.
Don't answer that.
Tom parked around the corner.
Could you please wait just couple of minutes?
All the girls love Tom.
Don't get nervous.
Tom practiced hard every day.
The kidnappers tied my hands behind my back.
Tom and Mary wanted to have children.
Don't tell a soul.
Tom quickly reloaded his gun.
I started playing volleyball in high school.
Can we give Tom a ride?
Don't try so hard.
Tom told the cops everything.
I don't want to say anything about that now.
That cat is so cute!
That cat is so cute.
That kitty is so cute!
It could have been a lot worse.
Tom and Mary did everything together.
Don't vote for it.
Tom walked back to his hotel.
I don't think I can afford to buy a car now.
Don't call Tom anymore.
Gas prices are up.
Tom wanted to be a scientist.
I don't have an air conditioner in my house.
Tom helped Mary get out of the pool.
Get off the stage.
Tom wanted to finish the job.
I believe in the power of positive thinking.
I bought Tom a toy car.
Here's your money.
Tom wanted to go to the lake.
Do you want me to make the decision for you?
Tom found Mary hiding in the closet.
Hey, thanks a lot.
Tom wanted to know the truth.
The situation isn't particularly dangerous.
Tom doesn't know the difference between geography and geology.
Is this your new friend?
How many are left?
Children learn languages very quickly.
Have you decided who you'll invite to the party?
Children learn language without being taught.
Children learn to talk without being taught.
People don't always speak in full sentences.
Tom is very articulate.
You should never write like you talk.
I'm never as happy as when I'm alone.
Dan was arrested in the church.
I believe in the guardian angels.
I'll make him give back what he stole.
They want to go abroad.
It's the worst thing that could happen.
Only one of them remained.
I think you were lucky.
They capitulated unconditionally.
I made Tom laugh today.
How hard was that?
Tom wanted to tell the truth.
The grownups were talking among themselves.
Both Tom and Mary grew up in Boston.
Is it still there?
Tom was a journalism student.
Recent studies have shown that is not true.
I thought Tom was good.
Is life here hard?
Tom was a straight A student.
Our studio is still located on Park Street.
Tom and Mary raised three children.
Is that really it?
Tom was a traveling salesman.
One police officer suffered minor injuries.
I've never lost to Tom.
Is that seat free?
Tom was kind of disappointed.
Miraculously, nobody was seriously injured.
Hope to talk to you soon
Her work finished, she went home.
Having finished her work, she went home.
Tom grinds the wheat.
Aha! That looks very tasty.
Death seeks its prey.
They fell and broke their legs.
So you admit we have a problem?
My father is nice.
He's buying that book.
They met Mary here yesterday.
I have proof that all this is a conspiracy of our government with extraterrestrials.
The wind picks up, it drizzles outside.
My throat is scratchy.
The girl put on dangling earrings.
I don't know what the reason is for his sudden success.
I feel it: tomorrow the weather will change, it's already stuffy outside.
It hums in my ears from the yell of young children.
When have you got time for tennis with me?
My vision is blurry from joy.
I'm drawn to you.
Сold is blowing in from the windows.
We lost weight.
My heart aches from love.
My teeth ache from the operation.
Your speech is not at all understandable to me.
That guy smells of garlic.
What is he on about?
For me, your speech is totally beyond comprehension.
I didn't understand her at first.
I work with a computer.
He was captivated by the daughter of the aged count.
What a tall mountain!
Berries and other plant foods contain many antioxidants.
She’s almost as tall as I am.
This development was not foreseeable; it simply surprised us.
The company requested two copies of my résumé.
The company asked for two copies of my C.V.
Giant snails have invaded Florida.
Please give me paper for writing.
In Britain the Metro is known as the Underground, not as the subway.
How do you like coffee — with or without sugar?
She claims that she has already finished the report.
I studied for six months in England when I was a student.
That's so great! My vision is blurry from joy!
Claudius is making a white box for his friend.
All of that concerns us.
Which solutions does the equation ‘x² - 6x - = 0’ have?
I didn't drink the tea, because it was hot.
Marie didn't like that game.
A new railway bridge will be built between the two cities.
By God!
I heartily support you.
The grenade exploded five metres from the soldier.
He sits in comfort and reads rapidly.
Today I’m drinking hot chocolate.
Mary began.
Snow is white, but soot is black.
You're really hateful!
Those books that are in the box have all been read.
Where are my manners?
Excuse me, where are my manners?
Tom wanted to sink through the floor.
I wanted to sink through the floor.
Tom did the same as the squirrel and ate nuts.
Tom felt ignored by Mary.
I feel like everyone is ignoring me.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is ignoring me.
Tom felt like everyone was ignoring him.
That's your chance, Tom. Take it!
I can't wear that dress ever again, Tom. I saw that Mary had the same.
She flirted with him shamelessly.
It costs more to make a penny, than a penny is worth.
The postman comes every three days.
The letter carrier comes every three days.
They sound like a married couple.
They fight like an old married couple.
Romanian is a Romance language.
Spanish, French, Italian and Romanian are latin languages.
Languages evolve over time.
He is the only American that has swum across the English Channel.
Beowulf became king of the Geats.
Tom was fatally wounded in the battle.
Beowulf was fatally wounded in the battle.
Tom fell from his bike.
Beowulf killed Grendel with his bare hands.
Okay, I'm leaving now.
Tom lives right by the old fire station.
Tom lives close to the old railway station.
The abandoned railway station is said to be haunted.
The obscene graffiti were removed by a city employee.
The king's realm was terrorized by a dragon.
Beowulf decided to follow the dragon to its lair.
The monster Grendel attacked king Hrothgar's great hall every night.
Mary gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Tom poured a bucket of ice-cold water on himself.
In the evening light, the sandstone façade of the Romanesque basilica lit up with an unexpected splendour of colours.
Tom participated in the Ice Bucket Challenge.
The goal of the Ice Bucket Challenge was to raise awareness of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS.
After the people had disappeared from the city, nature recaptured it completely.
If the heart doesn't hurt, the eye won't get wet.
Instead of digging a pit for your enemy, you should build your friend a house.
It's easy to break a thousand hearts, but it's difficult to win one.
I like Tom's mindset.
I can't play tennis.
The tongue is sharper than the sword.
Why do people believe in angels?
One hour of justice is more than seventy years worth of prayers.
Women and soup shouldn't be left waiting, otherwise they'll get cold.
It was pure chaos.
Some of the most successful people are introverts.
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
The fastest way to heaven is a leap into a deep abyss.
The devil always finds a way to make something bad even worse.
Where does your sister live now?
People are staring at us.
Mary is on the cheerleading squad.
She doesn't love her husband.
Work? You only need a good idea to become rich.
Tom learned from his mistakes.
Tom didn't learn from his mistakes.
Have you learned nothing from your mistakes?
I have a working theory.
There were no other survivors.
Books are sources of knowledge.
I saw him get killed right in front of me.
I saw him get killed right in front of my eyes.
Tom wrote a scathing review of Mary's book.
You should have the picture of you and your mom that you recently took in Boston framed.
Maglev trains require expensive infrastructure.
I was up all night reading the captivating book my grandfather gave me.
Tom is an introvert.
Tom is an extrovert.
Languages change over time.
Let me make something clear.
Let me make something very clear.
Let me make something perfectly clear.
Tom is a flight instructor.
I should never have listened to you.
I have no fear of flying.
The soldiers came under enemy fire.
He is an expert lawyer.
You are an expert lawyer.
I know how to distinguish the good from the bad.
Many public school cafeterias are dirty.
I thought you were already dead.
Tom has experience as a veterinarian.
I don't believe a word you're saying.
Both Tom and Mary lost their jobs.
Is that your idea?
Tom was offered his job back.
I still don't understand why that happened.
Tom is our team leader.
Is that your role?
Tom was troubled by the news.
A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.
Tom and Mary were both ambitious.
It isn't worth it.
Tom was wrongfully convicted.
Those boys are too young to be doing that.
Tom just had a bad day.
It's a great deal.
Tom wasn't honest about that.
This is harder than I thought it would be.
Why did Tom ask Mary to do that?
It's all gone now.
Tom wasn't seriously wounded.
They really don't know what they're doing.
I'd like to get together with you before I leave for Europe.
He died when he was seventy years old.
Talk to the hand.
There's no music without rhythm.
Half of what we write is harmful; the other half is useless.
Should we eat?
They evidently prefer that written names stay unchanged, even if you’ll scarcely be able, by the rules of Esperanto, to read those names aloud.
In France, you must put a space before an exclamation point.
The cat curled up on the soft rabbit fur.
I brushed my teeth.
Tatoeba: don’t come here on Friday night, children.
We ate a waffle on the jetty.
She is the very most famous actress.
Oh, I've broken a nail!
For a rough branch, a keen axe is needed.
I’ve still got a lot of work.
As a child, I’d only wear trousers.
There are cherry trees near the manorial statue.
Tom just laughed at me.
It's almost funny.
Tom won a large sum of money.
There were only three children on the bus.
Tom was with Mary all afternoon.
It's already done.
Tom won't be with us anymore.
The registration deadline is October 20th.
Tom likes the exercise.
It's getting hard.
Tom wore a camouflage jacket.
The couple has three school-aged children.
Tom told Mary he wasn't married.
It's great to win.
Tom worked at a local prison.
Several pedestrians were slightly wounded.
Tom made these for you.
It's hot out here.
Tom's condition is worsening.
It seems like you know everything already.
There are four teamed up against you. You’ll surely be thrashed.
Carl eats jabuticabas.
Are you reading the Bible?
They give bibles for free.
On the first page of his novel, the author wrote: "For my family who put up with me all these years."
"What did the politician toast to at the dinner party?" "To peace."
The suicide letter reads: "To my family, I am finally free. Love, Mary."
Paper is white; carbon is black.
I am going to check the work.
When it got dark, the party organizer said: "Time to go".
The European polecat is sometimes called a skunk because it emits a skunk-like odor when threatened or during courtship.
I had no alternative but to document the war crimes.
Don't worry, it's not the end of the world.
Tom is a bit of a recluse.
She's a bit of a recluse.
Tom dashed toward the door.
Stop singing that song.
Stop singing that song!
You'd make a cute couple.
You guys make a cute couple.
I think they'd make a cute couple, don't you?
Don't you think Tom and Mary would make a cute couple?
I think that you and Tom could make a cute couple.
I always thought you'd make a cute couple.
What's mine is yours.
Humans are strange animals.
This is not a complete list.
Why have you turned it off?
She's hardly been here but I don't know where she is now.
Did you let him know yet?
This surface is rugged.
How long will it take to you?
I played dumb.
Don't play dumb.
Sorry I couldn't refuse her.
Tom was bitten by a zombie.
He won't deal with it.
Mary was bitten by a vampire.
He kissed her neck.
I'll be within minutes.
Will you deal with it?
I'll have to deal with it somehow.
How are you gonna deal with it?
The vampire kissed her neck passionately.
I don't know I'll have to figure something out.
We've got enough space here.
I think he's looking at me.
I think he's looking at you.
I think she's looking at me.
It's kind of small.
I think she's looking at you.
I'm tired but I'll do it anyway.
He's looking at us.
He's looking at us now.
I didn't know you used to live in Katowice.
According to me it has no sense.
I was trying to remind something but I couldn't.
I've got no zeal to do anything.
I can't sleep with all that racket.
I can't sleep with all that noise.
I heard a noise outside.
No, it can't be!
No, it can't be! He can't be dead!
No, it can't be! She can't be dead!
Someone's gotta do it.
Tom has fast hands.
"I think you'd make a cute couple." "Whaat?"
I'm making an egg yellows omelet. Do you want some?
I'm way over my limit.
I'm in the middle of my birthday party.
I'm currently training a dog.
I'm smoking one of your most excellent cigars.
I'm working on the finishing touches.
I'm having an anxiety attack and I don't know why.
I'm preparing a present for Mary. I hope she'll like it.
I am just checking the rooms.
I'm actually beginning to like them.
I'm in the middle of a strange adventure.
I'm just trying to do the accounts.
I'm watching out for your baby.
I think I'm becoming a vegetarian.
The movie Titanic moved audiences around the world.
This film moved audiences around the world.
I'm losing my passion for modern languages.
Tom almost choked on his tea.
Tom almost spit out his orange juice.
Tom almost began to cry.
Mary almost began to cry.
Tom almost choked on his coffee.
I was forced to take my medicine.
This decision is bigger than me.
This kid just isn't possible.
I never understood what you saw in that boy.
Tom was bitten by a bat.
Betty was bitten by a bat.
Tom was bitten by a wild animal.
Wash the wound with soap and water.
I find your proposal incomprehensible.
Tom was bitten by a rabid animal.
Tom was bitten by a dog.
He's a little shy, but trust me, he is adorable.
He is a creative, intelligent and thoughtful individual.
He is diabetic and suffers from blindness.
He is very knowledgeable on the subject.
He may be powerful, but he is not invincible.
He is a great analyst and a great parliamentarian.
He's very hot-tempered and can easily lose his temper.
Tom works as a croupier in a casino.
Tom works as a croupier in a casino in Monte Carlo.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards after being fired.
Tom insisted that he had done nothing wrong.
Mary insisted that she had done nothing wrong.
This town is depressing.
This town is so depressing.
This place is so depressing.
I'm waiting for a reply.
Tom scratched the back of his neck.
Tom scratched the back of his neck nervously.
Mary twirled her hair around her fingers.
Snow is white, soot is black.
Thank you, but I'm not interested.
Tom liked Mary's picture on Facebook.
Tom liked Mary's picture on Instagram.
I just saw one.
He was tall and handsome.
She caught his eye immediately.
He caught her eye immediately.
Have you seen Tom's latest invention?
A strange beast is roaming through the woods.
Did you know the word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?
"Did you know the word 'gullible' isn't in the dictionary?" "What? Really?"
I love my phone.
Tom accidentally cracked his phone's screen.
Tom is playing a game on his phone.
Tom has caught every Pokémon in Pokémon Go.
Tom was attacked by a bear.
Tom was attacked by a grizzly bear.
My family is very important to me.
What's your favorite Anime?
What's your favorite Anime character?
What's your favorite Anime TV series?
Mary has a MacBook Pro and an iPhone.
Tom and his friends all have Macbooks.
Tom was convicted of tax evasion.
Monaco is a tax haven.
Shakespeare's plays were written in Elizabethan English.
Elizabethan English is like a foreign language to modern English speakers.
You are not dumb.
Many words used by Shakespeare have changed in meaning.
Many of the soldiers kissed their husbands goodbye.
Sword Art Online is a popular Anime series.
Sword Art Online is a popular Anime.
German is a Germanic language.
German, Dutch, Norwegian and English are Germanic languages.
English and French are Indo-European languages.
Japanese is not a Indo-European language.
Tom has an Android phone.
The squirrel chewed through the power cable.
Tom has caught every Pokémon.
Tom wants to become a Pokémon Master.
Tom is a Pokémon trainer.
Turkish is a Turkic language.
Russian is a Slavic language.
Would you care for some refreshments?
I'm not being rude.
Tom, you're being rude.
You're being rude to my guest.
The water was warm and inviting.
Tom filed a formal complaint.
Mary filed a formal complaint.
Would you like to make a formal complaint?
Let's grab a bite to eat.
Don't you get lonely here?
It gets awfully lonely here sometimes.
It gets awfully lonely here.
This tropical island has beautiful white sand beaches lined with palm trees.
Don't you get lonely out here all by yourself?
Tom was behaving like a spoiled child.
I knew I'd find the two of you together.
You're acting like a spoiled child.
You're acting like a spoiled brat.
We have nothing further to say to each other.
Would you ladies care for some refreshments?
Would you gents care for some refreshments?
Mary was wearing a low-cut dress.
I saw what I saw.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't happy.
It's kind of cool.
Tom's death wasn't a suicide.
I can speak French, but only a little bit.
Tom must be in a hurry.
It's not a luxury.
Tom's family moved to Boston.
You have to tell the police what you saw.
Tom and Mary wanted to be alone.
It's not accurate.
Tom's first car was a Toyota.
You and I both know that's not the truth.
Tom was sent to Boston.
It's not an error.
Tom's hard work has paid off.
When was the last time you took a chance?
Tom and Mary still aren't ready.
It's not bad here.
Tom's life is back to normal.
Was there something you wanted to ask me?
We all agreed with Tom.
What Tom was saying was true.
There's no reason for you not to do that.
Tom and Mary often dine with us.
It's not official.
All Tom wanted was to go home.
There weren't many passengers on the bus.
I think Tom and I agree.
It's not this one.
Did you ask Tom that question?
The stolen money was eventually returned.
Both Tom and Mary are well paid.
It's not too hard.
Do you think Tom can help you?
The registration deadline is noon Monday.
I think Tom played well.
It's not yet over.
Does Tom regret what happened?
See www.example.com for more information.
Who is supposed to do this job?
I am not thinking of you.
I do not think of you.
The mother cuts the bread with the knife.
The shadow falls upon the wall.
I am locking up the documents in the desk.
The wind is blowing into my face.
Fear does not help when it comes to death.
Great possessions cannot exist without injustice; a multitude of words cannot exist without a lie.
May your belongings be new, may your friends be old.
A laughing vinegar merchant does a better business than a honey merchant with a sour face.
Even if your enemy is an ant, consider him an elephant.
The exception does not void the rule.
The camel sees not its own hump but that of its fellow.
A blind man asks only for one eye, but would rejoice if he got two.
Whatever one loves is beautiful.
Beauty lies in whatever one loves.
Hell has no fire of its own: each person brings his own fire with him.
I must be gone.
Tom is a lot smarter than Mary.
It's not your job.
Everything Tom said was a lie.
My house doesn't have an air conditioner.
Nobody is scared of Tom.
It's now official.
I can do much better than Tom.
I'd like to say a word or two about that.
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.
It's official now.
I never told the truth to Tom.
I want you to stay away from my daughter.
Tom is always very busy.
It's only a guess.
Nobody would want to hurt Tom.
I can't afford to make any more mistakes.
Tom doesn't know how Mary died.
It's so different.
That didn't bother Tom at all.
How much money did you lose on that deal?
You are not inspiring passenger confidence!
She uses ASMR videos to help herself fall asleep.
My power went out several times today.
Tom probably needs help.
It's so difficult.
The robbery was blamed on Tom.
You have to do what you were told to do.
Tom didn't want to let Mary go.
It's sort of cool.
There was a girl in Tom's car.
They're having the same problems we are.
Tom was one of the best.
It's totally true.
There was blood on Tom's face.
They just show up whenever they want to.
Tom and Mary were best friends.
It's very helpful.
This picture was taken by Tom.
The boys who helped us weren't so young.
I said I didn't know Tom.
It's very private.
Tom always had a lot of money.
Prices will increase after October 20th.
Tom and Mary still aren't here.
It's very special.
Tom asked me to be his friend.
Most of the victims were small children.
I think Tom is in Boston.
It's very strange.
Tom began talking immediately.
It'll take less than an hour to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Life can be rough.
Tom began to cry hysterically.
I don't have as many of these as I want.
Tom does everything well.
Life is good here.
Tom believes in reincarnation.
Do you want to see some of my paintings?
Tom and Mary are arguing again.
Life is like that.
Tom came down to the basement.
We're going to watch the game together.
Tom doesn't like surfing.
My dad is special.
Tom committed suicide in jail.
This is more expensive than I expected.
Tom wouldn't leave Mary alone.
My dad's not here.
Tom couldn't believe the news.
The victim's name hasn't been released.
Tom insisted on doing it.
My father is dead.
Tom didn't have anything else.
The stolen money hasn't been recovered.
Tom treated Mary like a queen.
My feet feel good.
Tom didn't like what he heard.
The money involved isn't insignificant.
Tom is a great guitarist.
My idea is better.
Tom didn't talk to the police.
The meeting started thirty minutes ago.
Tom knew that Mary was hungry.
My spirits are up.
Tom didn't think it was right.
The matter remains under investigation.
Tom is no longer working.
Now I realize why.
Tom does everything perfectly.
The children weren't seriously injured.
Tom is the guy Mary is dating.
Now's your chance.
Tom drinks only bottled water.
The children are listening attentively.
Tom looks really worried.
See you next year.
Tom has a tattoo on his wrist.
That's the guy I was telling you about.
Tom didn't take Mary's advice.
That was our goal.
Tom knows this area very well.
Reservations are suggested on weekends.
You might try asking Tom.
That was our home.
Tom overstepped his authority.
Refreshments will be served afterwards.
Tom continued to talk to Mary.
That would be sad.
Tom was a waiter at that time.
Our patient is regaining consciousness.
I never disagree with Tom.
That's a bad loss.
Tom was accepted into Harvard.
No serious injuries have been reported.
Tom believes Mary killed John.
That's a bad spot.
Tom was afraid to go to sleep.
No other casualties have been reported.
I sure hope Tom does that.
That's a big blow.
Tom was found dead in his bed.
Multiple-choice tests are not uncommon.
Tom begged Mary to let him go.
That's a big deal.
Tom was killed in a car crash.
Monday's protests were mostly peaceful.
Maybe Tom thinks I'm dead.
That's a big fish.
Tom was questioned by the FBI.
Let's discuss what happened last night.
Tom began to worry about Mary.
That's a big loss.
Tom was the life of the party.
It sounds like you've tried everything.
My mom still calls me Tom.
That's a big step.
Tom was there for three hours.
I think you're just wasting your time.
Tom became obsessed with Mary.
That's a hard one.
Tom was thirteen when he died.
I think I'll go to Boston next weekend.
I think the reverse would be more appropriate.
I see this as an important step forward.
I believe we should be giving a positive message.
I think we did a pretty good job.
This is moving in the wrong direction.
I think this meets a social need.
I believe that the debate should be carried on.
I think that puts an end to the debate.
I do not think that requires much comment.
I believe it would disrupt the balance.
I think that this meeting will be a big step forward.
I think we have heard enough on this.
I think this debate is getting close to the level of the absurd.
I think the consequences are fairly significant.
I think the government has to get it straight.
I think we are sending the wrong message to Canadians.
I think that our bill is realistic.
I think the numbers are much smaller than that.
Okay, let's get back to the matter at hand.
Okay, let's get down to the basics.
My car has developed a few quirks over the years.
You didn't tell me what she had written about this occurrence.
I was scared of what people would think.
No, you are not crazy.
Tom met Mary at a Bible study group.
The medium allowed the spirit to take control of her body.
Mediums can tune in to the spirit world.
I met Tom at a UFO conference.
Tom and Mary are trying to have a baby.
Sorry, the house is kind of a mess.
Your husband's cheating on you.
Gnomes live in this forest.
In Dutch folklore, kabouters are tiny people who live underground.
Male gnomes have long beards and wear a tall red hat.
A family of gnomes lives in a small house under this tree.
Focus on the task at hand.
Tom showed me his portfolio.
There are no Walmarts in Germany.
Focus on the present moment.
Focus on the present moment, not on the past or the future.
I hate being laughed at.
I don't like being laughed at.
He came by train.
We never had anything in common.
Try using a different browser.
Tom was married and then he got divorced.
I got hit by a truck.
I was stuck there for hours.
I got held up at school.
I was raised normally. My parents were decent.
I've been summoned to headquarters urgently.
I was a little kid once too.
I was hired to kill your friend.
I've been in Bosnian refugee camps.
I went to the creationists' museum.
I was bitten by a dragonfly.
It was cowardly, and I'm sorry.
I was very influenced by that anecdote.
I've been pretty distracted.
I was glad I could help.
I have been a bit distracted this morning.
I've been invited to speak in front of esteemed groups such as yourselves.
I took my car to have it serviced today.
I got to watch my son playing baseball and I was proud of him.
I got held up at the office.
I was surprised to get your call, Tom.
I was a fool to let you go out of my life.
I've been bit by a snake.
Why are you peeling the apple?
I feel like I'm seeing the light for the first time.
I just got caught up in the moment.
I've been in prison more than once.
It was really nice chatting with you.
I was chosen to satisfy you.
I was a student myself once.
I was attacked by a homeless man on the streets.
I was severely wounded during the operation.
I was betrayed and treated barbarically.
I was pulled over by the police.
I was startled for a second.
I've been concerned about him recently.
I know I've been a little tough on him.
I've been to a lot of funerals.
I've been treated for a psychiatric disorder.
I've been separated from my family for so long.
Clearly, I was overly optimistic.
I've been a terrible host.
It was cool getting to know you, Tom.
I've been summoned by a judge.
I've been involved in a filthy trade.
I was a little brusque with you before.
I was a telemarketer for about a week.
I myself was a missionary in Africa.
I was forced to come here, like you.
I've been banned from the art room.
I was distracted by those protesters outside.
I was the recipient of a large settlement.
I went blind for a week.
I've been declared a suppressive person.
I was definitely out of line with the terrible accusations that I made.
I got detained at the airport.
I went back and checked your old records.
I have been completely open with you.
I got grounded for weeks.
He bit into the chewing gum.
Tom is an affluent man.
Smoke comes out of the chimney.
Look for an enemy of your enemy, and you will find a friend.
After Tom was fitted with a set of false teeth, Mary complimented him on his great smile. "The smile is real, but the teeth are fake," he said, a little self-deprecatingly.
A snowflake landed on the tip of Mary's nose.
Tom bragged about how fast his car was.
Don't brag about how fast your car can go.
My car can beat yours!
Street racing is dangerous and stupid.
My car can beat yours.
My car is faster than yours.
Want to go for a ride?
They were full of an unexplainable longing to be humiliated and insulted.
A diamond that hasn't been cut does't shine.
Just as the fairy tale finished, the child had already fallen asleep.
Tom passed a five euro note to his daughter, Mary, and said "buy whatever you'd like with this."
The star system Alpha Centauri has a planet called Alpha Centauri Bb.
He was ahead of his time.
She was ahead of her time.
Tom is a very jealous man.
That's all it was.
Tom would be tough to replace.
I haven't yet been to Boston this year.
Tom became involved with Mary.
That's all we did.
Do you think Tom is going bald?
Experts are investigating the accident.
Tom must've been tortured.
That's been tried.
Does Tom have an older brother?
You can stay here as long as you want.
Tom became friendly with Mary.
That's big enough.
I never ever disagree with Tom.
The situation has really deteriorated.
Tom really was a kind man.
That's exactly it.
I talked to Tom a couple times.
The problem started yesterday evening.
My mother calls me Thomas, but everyone else calls me Tom.
My name is Richard, but everyone calls me Dick.
My name is Richard, but you can call me Dick.
My name is Edward, but everyone calls me Ned.
My name is Robert, but everyone calls me Bob.
My name is Robert, but you can call me Bob.
My name is Thomas, but you can call me Tom.
My name is William, but you can call me Bill.
This is deeply unfair.
The teacher began to bombard me with questions.
Mary is a model student.
Tom is a model prisoner.
Do you believe that people are capable of change?
I'm looking for my car keys.
Enough is better than too much.
Do you have a German-Russian dictionary?
Let me change into something more appropriate.
I'm going to Russia.
None of my friends speak Latin.
She knows where the house is.
We didn't believe him.
I didn't go by train.
Maria is answering the teacher's question.
Every problem can be solved.
I'm observing wild birds.
I can't afford to lose my job.
I'm still going to do it, no matter how much it bothers you.
What are your hopes and dreams?
Stupidity knows no bounds.
Pick one of the items on this list.
Pick whichever items on this list you want.
Tom became Mary's best friend.
That's fairly low.
I thought Tom was here to stay.
The children are playing hide-and-seek.
Tom turned down our offer.
That's hard to do.
I wonder why Tom is so excited.
The blood on my shirt is my brother's.
Tom and Mary had a lot of fun.
That's hardly new.
Tom challenged John to a fight.
That road is still under construction.
Tom was essentially right.
That's just a lie.
Tom did the same thing in 2013.
Thankfully, this doesn't happen often.
Tom and Mary got into a fight.
Tom didn't leave the door open.
Still, things haven't really improved.
For how long have you been learning English?
She's been looking a little green lately.
She's a sweetheart.
She's being tormented by her own conscience.
She's unconscious, and we're stabilizing her.
She's got a hang-up about me being perfect.
She's supposed to be on maternity leave.
She's diabetic, so her blood sugar was already out of whack.
She's so looking forward to seeing you. She just can't wait.
She's in consultation with the doctor right now.
She's being so unbelievably nice to me.
She's good at creating the narrative of a crime.
She's supposed to be revising, Tom.
She's working a case of her own.
She's supposed to be taking a nap.
She's excited but cold on the outside.
She's sad, but, very much alive.
She's probably just gone to visit her parents.
She's being questioned by our sketch artist.
She's just a babe in the woods.
She's been locked in since this morning.
However, were the sausages any help?
She's out there somewhere alone and scared.
She's supposed to be here in solitary meditation.
She's a shy girl, but very affecctionate.
She's certainly an interesting and passionate person.
She's moved back home to her village.
She's fun, carefree, smart, full of surprises.
She's singing in her room.
She's done wonders in the scientific field.
She's been out of work for over a week.
She's very upset about all the lies you told her.
She's such a warm and noble person.
She's going out to dinner with Tom.
You know, she's holed up in her house.
She's an important part of our family.
I think she's out looking for a job.
She's a homeowner, recently got married.
She's been under lock and key for the past hours.
She's been staying with me since she was acquitted.
She's perfect for the face of my new campaign.
She's young enough to start a new life.
She's far more responsible than you ever were.
She's stabilized for the time being.
She's a little political.
She's smart and quite lovely.
She's a public health volunteer.
She's a perfectly ordinary girl.
She's about to be discharged.
She's at her tennis lesson.
She's sedated, she could not hurt a fly.
She's in boarding school in Florence.
She's off the grid, and European authorities want her arrested.
She's an excellent general surgeon.
She's usually a lot nicer than this.
She's more powerful than you.
She's lucky to have him.
She's better in smaller groups.
She's actually one of the only people I do trust.
She's usually here in the afternoons.
She's like a dove of peace.
She's vital to the mission.
She's in shock and have bruises all over her.
She's bad and nasty like everyone said.
She's nervous about her concert.
She's been in surgery for ten hours.
She's in a coma on life support.
She's new in town as of this semester.
She's just a bit nauseous.
She's fallen prey to a bounty hunter.
She's on holiday with a friend.
She's mentally unstable and probably a killer.
Your husband is cheating on you.
It is better to accomplish the smallest feat in the world, than to lay low for a half hour.
Ask freely.
We are basically writing in hieroglyphics without being aware of it.
Watch out for pickpockets.
I have spent dollars per day.
Do you drink rum and Coke?
The clock is not working.
Good morning my sunshine.
This fruit is better than that one!
Tom asked Mary to marry him soon after they'd met.
In his heart of hearts Tom knew he'd done the wrong thing.
You should never make big life decisions when you're emotional.
The weapon of politics is demagoguery.
There is only one God.
It is not right to steal.
Why do you always get lost?
Why do I always get lost?
According to Dr. Kattnig, pigeons use quantum mechanics to find their way home.
Tom didn't want to ask anyone for directions.
Tom has a poor sense of direction.
Tom refused to ask for directions.
Maybe we should ask him for directions.
Maybe we should ask someone for directions.
Why couldn't you just ask someone for directions?
Why didn't you just ask someone for directions?
If you had asked someone for directions, we'd be there already.
Tom is good at reading maps.
Mary is not good at reading maps.
I'm not good at reading maps.
Maybe we should ask someone for help.
Why don't you get lost?
I think we should have turned left at that last intersection instead of right.
Maybe we should stop at a gas station to ask for directions.
Tom refused to stop to ask for directions.
We should have turned right.
"Do you admit that we're lost?" "No."
Admit it, we're lost.
We're not lost!
We're not lost. I know where we are.
We're headed in the right direction.
You have no idea where we are, do you?
Tom always keeps a map in the glove compartment.
Mary tossed her hair over her shoulder.
Mary flicked her hair back.
Mary dangled her shoe off the tip of her toes.
Why are men so stupid?
Why are guys so stupid?
Why are men so dumb?
He's just being macho.
Do you guys think she'd go out with me?
Do you think she'd go out with me?
Do you think he'd go out with me?
Do you really think she'd go out with me?
When do guys stop being immature?
Stop being so immature.
Stop being so emotional.
Why are you so obsessed with cars?
Why do you like sports so much?
Tom didn't want to ask for help.
She started it.
He started it.
What is it, darling?
What is it, honey?
Isn't there a better way to do this?
Tom likes playing with fire.
You're just being nice.
You're just being nice to me.
Tom wanted to be an astronaut when he was young.
It's a simple matter of conformity.
It was not hard to fit in at all. Everyone was very welcoming.
Tom has a weird sense of humor.
You have a strange sense of humor.
Tom never did anything for anybody, except for himself.
Tom never does anything for anybody, except for himself.
We were so excited about that type of success.
We were a little scarred by our last firm experience.
We were supposed to sit together during the fight.
We were the laughingstock of the whole countryside.
We were terribly in love from the moment we met.
We were in the room, and we danced.
We were young and carefree.
We're very close, and she disappeared all of a sudden.
We were on our way back from the rehearsals.
We were underdressed and out of our league.
We were incredibly intelligent about some of the hazards that we faced.
We were so close to getting it done.
We were just about to knock.
We came very close to succeeding.
We were with family that night.
We were looking out for each other.
We were late to the party, like you.
We've both been under stress.
We were using it as a shelter.
There were plenty of role models all around us.
We were here for a business meeting with your wife.
We were the best and the brightest.
We were just having some tea.
We were alone and a man broke in.
We're supposed to stay under the radar.
We were the two closest people in the world to her.
We were at the edge of the hurricane.
We were here on a reconnaissance mission.
We were happy or so I thought.
We went to high school together, as you can probably gather.
She turned down his advances.
We sat down to have lunch.
Mary turned down Tom's advances.
We were quite a crew back then.
We agreed that all the kids would stay together.
We were in a state of incredible weakness.
"How did you get that scar?" "It's a long story."
We were poor, so any present was a pretty big deal.
How did you get that scar?
We were so dumbfounded we couldn't even answer.
This is rather frightening.
We rode up in the elevator together.
We were in bed when my baby disappeared.
We've been sitting on top of a fortune all these years.
We were outsiders when we came here.
We were riding a moped at night.
We were supposed to go on a road trip to the grand canyon.
We were let into a club.
We were saved, but a price had to be paid.
We had quite a disagreement about it.
He broke a window.
Many poets express their feelings to the beauties of nature.
The democratic caucus was rigged in her favor.
His conlang has many morphological components.
A violin is a stringed instrument.
Lightning is nearly instantaneous.
I must consult my manuscripts.
There has been no conclusive proof regarding extra-sensory perception.
Speech recognition software can make hilarious errors.
The grey goo engulfs everything.
That's not my cup of tea.
Cellphones are now ubiquitous.
He makes enough money to live a luxurious life.
Quantum physics has spawned a large amount of woo.
He had to be hospitalized because of an airbag.
You should avoid stereotypical behavior.
This consortium has thirteen members.
Halt!
I loved going to the beach.
Getting used to it will take a while.
Tom played tennis each Monday.
Tom couldn't find the keys.
There are two distinct systems of shape-note notation: the four-note "fasola" system, and the seven-note "doremi" system.
Do you serve any sugar-free beverages?
Our company provides customized, worry-free solutions to protect your customers' sensitive data.
He has been traveling all over the country for the last three years conducting seminars on debt-free living.
Our weight-loss pills will allow you guilt-free indulgences at your favorite all-you-can-eat buffet.
Is she asleep?
I knew the deceased for a long time.
I can't stand him any longer.
Tom was truthful, I think.
That's just nasty.
Tom left the party at 2:a.m.
Someone is playing a banjo over there.
Tom and Mary argued all night.
That's much worse.
Tom was here not very long ago.
Several others were seriously wounded.
Tom's room was very clean.
That's my destiny.
Tom was initially unsuccessful.
One other victim remains hospitalized.
Tom advised Mary not to do it.
That's my mission.
I sure hope Tom doesn't do that.
No one seemed particularly optimistic.
How does Tom feel about it?
That's my mistake.
I sure hope Tom likes this song.
I wanted to watch that movie with you.
Here are today's ledgers.
A three-person team is undertaking a 40,000-kilometre motorcycle journey from the Arctic Circle in Alaska to the southern tip of South America.
Of course, the three motorcyclists, having swapped their gasoline engines for electric motors, have to have large battery packs, which will be mounted transversely behind the riders.
On their journey, the pioneering team of electric motorcycle riders hope to meet the wealthy owner of a major battery manufacturing plant in Las Vegas.
Besides his battery manufacturing company, the business magnate also has ventures to build reusable rocket stages for commercial space flight, fully electric cars and cheaper, more efficient solar panels.
A South African man and his brother helped to start a software company; when the company was bought out, he owned seven percent of the common shares and made a large capital gain on the sale.
With half the money from the sale of his previous company, the entrepreneur co-founded an electronic money transfer service, which has become essential for people buying or selling products on the Internet.
As Russia and the U.S. make small steps towards easing international tensions, both sides will have many surplus missiles.
The canny entrepreneur realized that the ballistic missiles, which had once carried nuclear weapons and which the former enemies no longer needed, could easily be converted to civilian rockets for the peaceful exploration of space.
However, despite his purely peaceful intent, he was frustrated in his desire to buy some surplus missiles.
At first, the missile designers would not talk to him because they thought of him as an inexperienced novice.
When they offered to sell him a rocket for eight million dollars, he rejected the offer as too expensive.
Doing some quick back-of-the-envelope calculations, he reckoned that the raw materials actually cost less than one-thirtieth of the selling price.
One of his companies developed the Dragon spacecraft and the Falcon rocket; the former has docked with the international space station, and the latter has successfully landed on a floating platform in the ocean.
Mary expected Tom to kiss her.
That's my opinion.
I think Tom is going to be fine.
I never want to go through that again.
I hope Tom comes back soon.
That's our future.
Nobody ever caught Tom stealing.
I have to stay up all night and study.
Tom wired some money to Mary.
That's pretty big.
There's no way I could beat Tom.
I come from a small town in Australia.
I never told Tom the truth.
That's pretty low.
This picture was painted by Tom.
Have you finished what you were doing?
Tom was relieved to see Mary.
That's pretty sad.
Tom didn't appear to be injured.
Do you think you can catch up with me?
Tom hasn't a shred of loyalty, decency or moderation.
He simply reacts to a black-and-white view of the world; he thinks you are either all for him or all against him.
If Tom senses even the slightest lack of obsequious deference, he explodes into a hail of random and spontaneous insults.
It would never occur to Tom to keep a confidence if he thought that revealing it might assuage his soap bubble of an ego.
Tom's inability to control his temper will likely instigate one international crisis after another.
His id is a minefield of hair-trigger rage, and his ego is snowflake-fragile.
Tom needs to send a congratulatory telegram on decorated letterhead.
How much is a pack of cigarettes?
If you're going to lie, you need a good memory.
Under no circumstances will I ever consent to such a travesty.
He served me coffee.
I predicted Tom would lose.
That's their plan.
Tom picked me up at the station.
Boston is a great place to raise kids.
Tom was once engaged to Mary.
That's too simple.
Tom will do a great job for you.
Are you going to keep interrupting us?
Tom can make anybody laugh.
That's very crazy.
I think Tom understands all that.
You'd better tell us what's going on.
Tom was Mary's third husband.
That's what I got.
I told Tom I'd send him a letter.
You think you're the best, don't you?
Tom has just turned thirty.
That's what I say.
I want to have Tom all to myself.
We didn't do as well as we should've.
Do you know where you're going to?
Tom was Mary's older brother.
That's what we do.
Tom had other things on his mind.
There's no reason for you to do that.
Tom is such a good teacher.
That's what works.
Tom has been shot multiple times.
There were blood stains on the floor.
Tom wanted to meet with Mary.
That's why I care.
Tom is staying at a nearby hotel.
The prices here are ridiculously low.
Tom is very self-confident.
That's why I quit.
Tom is the bravest person I know.
The police will never find you there.
Tom treated Mary differently.
They all did well.
Tom took care of his grandfather.
The police are questioning witnesses.
Why weren't you at school today?
Where's the toothbrush?
If there's anything I can do to help, let me know.
"Why did you say hello to that shrew?" "I don't want to ruin my karma."
That house is the only one that survived the fire.
After the high-speed train accident in China, Angela Merkel decided to make Germany move beyond railways and to stop all ICEs immediately. From now on, Germany will be involved in the sustainable forms of transportation of the future, such as air turbine-powered hobby horses.
My wife doesn't like it when I talk to her about politics.
I take solace in her words.
She isn't there again; that happens often.
Political questions are way too serious to be left to politicians.
Mike, how's it going?
I didn't have the same levels of awareness before going vegan.
How many times am I supposed to keep telling you that you shouldn't be late?
I'm utterly speechless. Need I say more?
The names you've mentioned aren't anywhere to be found in the list.
I don't know if it could get any worse than this!
There was something quite special, almost sinister to his smile.
I've tried and helped him out in everyway I could possibly think of but it seems to have made no difference whatsoever after all.
What if it was all nothing but wishful thinking? Would it make everything unreal?
Please do feel free to come in and take a look at our exhibition anytime.
If you feel it isn't serving you anymore, just change it. It's no good to be stuck in the same mindset for too long.
"Pfirsichbäumchen" means "little peach tree" in German.
Laurie is on the left.
Laurie is on the right.
Sharing is important.
That guy is a total bummer.
He hugged her and kissed her.
I will eat delicious ducks.
We're human.
The newest version uses facial-recognition software to validate a login.
We ate your delicious duck.
We ate my delicious duck.
She ate my delicious duck.
There is no affiliation between our company and the owners of this logo.
The woodwind section includes both pipes and reeds.
A stringed instrument might be plucked, bowed, or struck.
John is looking for Pokemons.
Oh dear! I barely heard anything.
Do you mind me leaving the lights on?
I'm very underwhelmed. This is nowhere near what I was hoping for.
You have survived everything that has happened to you so far.
You should wash the fruits before eating them.
That feel when no boyfriend.
Tom is a lazy dog.
Is there some land for sale here?
I keep trying to fix it, but it's still not working.
I don't understand what's wrong with it!
Please cut this piece of wood into two pieces. The total length of it is one meter. I need the first piece to be cm, and the other should be cm.
None of these are good enough.
If any of these were good enough, I would have told you by now.
We need volunteers.
They need volunteers.
We are looking for volunteers.
I am looking for volunteers to help me.
If you'd like to volunteer, please visit our website.
We are always looking for new volunteers.
Do any of you want to volunteer?
Will anyone volunteer to help me?
Order now.
Tom is wearing white socks.
They all loved it.
Tom's dream eventually came true.
The motion passed without opposition.
Tom told Mary the same thing.
They did it again.
Tom's room was surprisingly tidy.
Shopkeepers boarded up their windows.
Tom left the party at 2:30.
They got it wrong.
Tom's suitcase wasn't very heavy.
Reportedly, there were no casualties.
Tom told Mary he was married.
They have no jobs.
What's Tom complaining about now?
No one here wants to talk about that.
Tom met his wife in Boston.
They just beat us.
Why don't you borrow Tom's truck?
Multiple injuries have been reported.
I sent you this email two weeks ago.
Tom sat and listened to Mary.
They seem to care.
Are you sure that's what Tom said?
Most people here are pretty friendly.
Tom seemed genuinely upset.
They should do it.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't be here.
Mary married her long-time boyfriend.
Tom promised Mary some money.
They'll handle it.
