 How brave of him to jump into the water to save the little girl!
 The girl was friendly with a bright smile.
 Instantly the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
 The instant the girl saw her mother, she burst out crying.
 That girl resembles her mother.
 The girl resembles her mother very much.
 The girl insisted on going shopping with her mother.
 The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, and didn't listen to what I said.
 The girl resembled her mother.
 The girl entered the room.
 The girl was at the mercy of his cruelty.
 The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
 The girl released the birds from the cage.
 That girl looks boyish.
 The girl noticed someone go out of the door.
 The little girl asked a question of her teacher.
 The girl has a scarf around her neck.
 The girl has a sweet, small mouth.
 The girl had a telescope in her hand.
 The little girl is not capable of riding a bicycle.
 The girl is skillful with her fingers.
 The girl began to cry at the sight of a dog.
 What a lovely doll that girl has!
 The girl is used to playing all by herself.
 The girl was not downright homely.
 The little girl did nothing but cry.
 That girl has a lovely doll.
 The girl asked her father to read the book to her.
 The girl cherishes a doll given by her aunt.
 The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
 Tears welled up in the girl's eyes.
 The girl can't have done such a thing.
 The girls are as busy as bees.
 He is curious about how she will receive the news.
 We checked the document again.
 The paper wasn't important.
 The document was nowhere to be found.
 Missing for years, the document miraculously came to light the other day.
 Let the paper be signed.
 As for the papers, I have custody of them.
 The document bore his signature.
 Look over the papers, please.
 The book is of great value.
 So valuable were the books that they were handled with the greatest care.
 Publication of the book was timed to coincide with the author's birthday.
 The reviewer is sharply critical of the novel.
 I fainted from the heat, and when I came to, I was in a life raft.
 At that moment tears ran down the old man's face.
 I lost my sense of reality at that moment.
 It was impossible for me not to think of incident.
 The incident was etched in his memory.
 The event still remains vivid in my memory.
 When and how did the incident come about?
 The accident happened two years ago.
 Let's make believe that we know nothing about that event.
 The incident upset him.
 That publisher specialises in children's books.
 The publisher gave my proposal a chance.
 The meeting gave her extreme pleasure.
 He introduced me to his relatives at the reception.
 The assignment was too much for me.
 The assignment took me longer than I had expected.
 We are astonished at the shot.
 Put the gun on the table.
 The gun went off by accident.
 Let me relieve you of that heavy parcel.
 When we came to the crossroads our cab slowed down.
 That ugly butcher resembles that fictional monster.
 The assembly consisted of people concerned about human rights.
 The assembly voted to protest against any nuclear armament.
 There were a great many people present at the assembly.
 That week had nothing to do with discrimination.
 The weekly appears on Thursday.
 He failed to write to his father that week.
 The boat is to leave for England this evening.
 The smell is characteristic of garlic.
 He dates the custom from the colonial days.
 The practice is peculiar to Japan.
 That custom has little currency in Japan.
 The custom originated in China.
 The custom was handed down from generation to generation.
 The institution must be protected.
 The practice still prevails locally in parts of Japan.
 That habit is acquired, not innate.
 That custom has long been done away with.
 That custom originated with the American Indians.
 The practice has long been done away with.
 The province supplies its neighbors with various raw materials.
 The province is relatively rich in mineral resources.
 The legislator of that state did away with outdated laws.
 The anthropologist says old customs still prevail in the province.
 The collection is open to the public.
 The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people.
 The prisoner was released.
 The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
 The prisoner is in chains.
 The convict was pardoned after serving his sentence.
 There is no denying that the prisoner is guilty.
 The class meets once a week.
 You must not speak Japanese during the class.
 Regular attendance is required in that class.
 The Prime Minister became all the more popular because he never gave way to pressure from the neighboring country.
 Its neck and head were very soft.
 Judging by the swelling, the man must have been bitten by a snake.
 The language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language.
 The species will be made extinct by the end of this century.
 The species faded away.
 That kind of machine is yet to be invented.
 The hand of the magician was quicker than our eyes. Before we could say Jack Robinson, the cards he was holding between his fingers disappeared.
 The glove has a hole in the thumb.
 It took the doctor eight hours to do the operation.
 The operation is accompanied by a lot of pain.
 The letter informed her of his death.
 I didn't feel uneasy when I read the letter.
 Bruce chuckled to himself as he read the letter.
 Don't forget to post the letter.
 It cost me yen to send the letter.
 How long did it take you to write the letter?
 Did you receive the letter?
 I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
 I looked all over the house for that letter.
 Post that letter right away.
 The letter was in the mail.
 The letter will be mailed tomorrow.
 The letter was to let her know that he had been ill.
 The letter made her sad.
 Who wrote the letter?
 The letter was written in terms of business.
 The letter was written in the Queen's own hand.
 The letter is for me.
 The letter reminds me of my young days.
 See to it that the letter is posted this afternoon.
 The letter was wrongly addressed.
 Bill wrote the letter.
 The letter was written by Bill.
 Who was the letter written to?
 The letter was consigned to the wastepaper basket.
 What's the date of the letter?
 The letter is dated April 1, 1987.
 The content of the letter had an interesting effect on my marriage.
 The letter was correctly addressed.
 You need not answer the letter.
 There is little sympathy in the letter.
 The letter sounds forced, what is worse, insincere.
 What is the letter about?
 The letter does not say what time she will come up to Tokyo.
 Don't let go of my hand, or you'll get lost.
 Raise your hand to the sky.
 The director boasted of his status.
 None of your tricks.
 The arrangements are subject to change without notice.
 He was included in the deal.
 The business deal may tell in our favor.
 She gained dollars from the deal.
 Twist that knob to the right and the box will open.
 That doctrine will no doubt lead to dismal consequences.
 That doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences.
 The main reason is that the subjects were totally unaware of the possibility of shortcuts.
 The feeble patient is suffering from stomach cancer.
 The young couple is getting along together.
 The young man was at a loss.
 The young man saved the girl from drowning.
 The young man knows little of his own country.
 The youngster resented being treated as a coward.
 That young man is going to go far in this profession.
 The young man saved the child from drowning.
 The young man manages a big department store.
 The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.
 The young girl was haughty to me.
 The young couple surveyed the room.
 I hope the young couple will make up soon.
 That young actor is a James Dean.
 This young teacher is loved by all of the students.
 The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
 The young professor is adored by the girl students.
 The young engineer was deficient in experience.
 The young doctor devoted himself to helping the poor and sick.
 The young couple were deeply devoted to each other.
 I wish I had enough money to buy the car.
 He didn't stop the car.
 The car passed through a gate.
 The young man driving the car was drunk.
 The car didn't move.
 The car made an abrupt turn.
 It is necessary for that car to have a check.
 The car ran out of gas before reaching the city.
 The car is very fast.
 The car consumes a lot of fuel.
 The car is ready.
 Away went the car at full speed.
 The car is exceeding the speed limit.
 The car looked good as new.
 The car isn't worth repairing.
 The car is easy for me to drive.
 The car proved to be a slave, so I will not be a master.
 The car didn't stop.
 The car is too expensive for me to buy.
 The car broke down.
 The car cost $and did not run well at that.
 Did the car look old?
 The car ran down the policeman.
 The car pulled up in front of the bank.
 The car came to an abrupt stop.
 The car turned abruptly.
 That car is no doubt in an awful condition.
 The car has been kicking around the roadside for weeks.
 The car is waxed and shining.
 The car left a trail of dust.
 The car is parked in front of the building.
 That car is quite new.
 None of the cars is mine.
 To some extent, you can control the car in a skid.
 Was the car washed by your father?
 When was the car washed by Ken?
 That car's so big that parking it is difficult.
 The car made a right turn over there.
 The car has three rows of seats and is capable of carrying eight passengers.
 The car is waxed every other day.
 The car doesn't run fast.
 The car passed by, raising a cloud of dust behind it.
 The price of the car is too high.
 Permission to use the car was accorded to her.
 The back seat of the car will hold three passengers.
 The car has a new engine.
 That car has a roof rack.
 I happened along when the car hit the boy.
 The car is in the way. Please move it.
 The socialist was accompanied by a female interpreter.
 The social worker was asked to follow up the information about the Stevenson family.
 The sociologist has a habit of scratching his back.
 The firm has its head office in Osaka.
 The photo artist had trouble expressing himself.
 She put the picture back in his hand.
 The photo takes me back to my childhood days.
 The picture reminds me of my happy old days.
 The picture reminds me of my childhood.
 The photo brought back many happy memories of my childhood.
 Let me have a look at those photos.
 Will you show me the picture?
 The photo catches the tension in the court very well.
 The pictures are pasted on all sides.
 The photograph brought back memories of my childhood.
 The picture was taken from the air.
 The picture brought back a lot of memories.
 You should stick those pictures in your album.
 Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life.
 You are holding my hand in that picture.
 Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life and limb.
 The copy agrees with the original.
 The play was only a partial success.
 The play begins at six this evening.
 The play was a lot of fun. I wish you could have been there.
 The play was a lot of fun.
 The play ran for six months.
 The latter half of the drama was a little dull.
 The grass needs cutting.
 I found the field trip very educational.
 The success of newly-developed applications and government-forced deregulation may hold the key to achieving this economic implementation.
 The laboratory has the most up-to-date equipment.
 A group of scientists stood by, ready to record the experiment.
 The experiment was made on a hundred unmarried males.
 That experiment was a failure.
 The experiment resulted in a miserable failure.
 The experiment proved to be successful.
 I will leave the experiment to you.
 The experiment failed because of some minor faults.
 The experiments led to great discoveries.
 It is the attitude of the subjects that controls the outcome of the experiment.
 Close observation is necessary for the experiment.
 For that experiment they need a complete vacuum.
 The experiment confirmed his theory.
 The businessman appeared on television this morning.
 The businessman is thinking of rescinding the contract.
 The businessman didn't dare withdraw from the transaction.
 The question was too difficult to answer.
 That question is easy to answer.
 So difficult was the question that no one could answer.
 The question was impossible for us to answer.
 The question foxed me completely.
 The question is by no means easy.
 That question still sticks me.
 If I knew the answer to the question, I would tell you.
 It is difficult for me to answer the question.
 It is easy to answer the question.
 It will only take a moment to answer the question.
 Only you can answer the question.
 I wish I could come up with a good answer to the question.
 The question threw him off his balance.
 The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I'll be able to answer them.
 Let's begin with that question.
 The failure is due to his idleness.
 The failure is due to his carelessness.
 You are to blame for the failure.
 It is you who are to blame for the failure.
 The failure depressed him.
 The mistake hastened his retirement.
 This fault admits of no excuse.
 The ceremony was held in honor of the guest from China.
 The ceremony was simple.
 Will you take part in the ceremony?
 The deer fell a prey to the lion.
 The deer is three times as heavy as Jane.
 I have no money to buy the dictionary.
 Keep the dictionary by you.
 You should consult the dictionary.
 The dictionary comes in two volumes.
 The dictionary is useful and, what is more, not expensive.
 The dictionary is of great use to me.
 The dictionary is up to date.
 This dictionary will be of great help to you.
 You may use either of the dictionaries.
 Please lend me the dictionary when you are through with it.
 The selfish man was despised by his companions.
 I got a horrible shock when I saw the car accident.
 Few people were killed in the car accident.
 The automobile company laid off workers.
 The automobile runs on electricity.
 Production of this automobile started in 1980.
 I was accorded permission to use the car.
 I am insured for the car.
 It cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed.
 Get the bicycle out of the way.
 That bicycle is too small for you.
 She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
 The undersecretary was maintained in office by the political bosses.
 He died the next day.
 Then she was a little girl.
 At that time she was engaged in operating a tractor.
 She didn't dare to say anything at that time.
 What was he up to then?
 He was leaving then.
 At that time, the whole world was hungry.
 The period is referred to as the Stone Age.
 She was superstitious, as the people of that period usually were.
 The forest was silent then.
 It was not until then that he learned the truth.
 I blush to think of what a fool I was then.
 I hit upon a good idea then.
 I was at home then.
 It happened that I was in New York then.
 I was off duty at the time.
 We were all running short of money then.
 That schedule is not in use any more.
 The picture I saw then was a most entertaining one.
 Will you please adjust the clock? It's slow.
 It is predicted that the watch company will produce over one million new watches a year.
 The clock is accurate and dependable.
 The clock, which my grandfather bought, is still in good order.
 Something was wrong with the watch.
 The watch broke down.
 The clock is wrong.
 That watch is a fancy job.
 The watch is manufactured in Switzerland.
 That watch is less expensive than this one.
 The clock gains five minutes a day.
 We went on our vacation then.
 The timetable is not to be depended on.
 The Cabinet conference was all but over then.
 From that time on, she always waited on him.
 I haven't heard from him since then.
 Since that time we have not seen him.
 From that moment on, he felt undying hatred for his oppressors.
 Only then did I realize what he meant.
 My father had never been abroad until then.
 Up to that time he had been staying with his uncle.
 Up to that time, we were watching TV.
 I had never felt more alone than at that time.
 There was a parade going by at the time.
 This was before people knew how to record voices, so we don't know exactly what he sounded like.
 I didn't know what to do then.
 I was taking a shower then.
 I'll just cross that bridge when I come to it.
 I can't express how happy I was at that time.
 See you then.
 Not till then did I realize the danger of the situation.
 It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
 Only then did I see the danger we were in.
 It wasn't until then that we knew her address.
 Don't forget to let me know when it's time.
 I would have done it at that time.
 It'll be too late then.
 Then I met your father and we moved to the town.
 Since then, his faith has been severely shaken.
 Were you at school at that time?
 What were you doing then?
 You should have said so at that time.
 At that time, the train was terribly crowded.
 My legs failed me then.
 A good idea occurred to me at that time.
 At that time, she was smiling and singing very quietly.
 I could not understand what the president said then.
 Then the motor suddenly died.
 At that time I really understood that gorillas have feelings.
 A good idea occurred to me then.
 Did you have a sheet of paper then?
 The charity is named after a man who gave away some two billion yen.
 The temple is at the top of the hill.
 We also went to the temple.
 It is worth visiting the temple.
 The office was full of activity all day.
 The building to the right of that office building is the Tokyo Building.
 The clerk died from overwork.
 The dictionary contains about half a million words.
 The situation is beyond my grasp.
 I think it impossible to deny the fact.
 There is no denying the fact.
 There is no one but knows the fact.
 They are the only people who know the fact.
 I am only too happy to know that fact.
 Fix the fact in your mind.
 I'm sure of the fact.
 You shouldn't make too much of the fact.
 The fact seemed to irritate her husband.
 The fact proves his honesty.
 The fact manifests his innocence.
 The fact cannot be denied.
 No one can deny the fact.
 The facts are buried in a few old books.
 The facts became known to everyone.
 The fact was of interest to the scientists.
 The facts are otherwise.
 That fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
 The fact is known to everybody.
 The fact still remains to be known.
 The fact is apparent to everybody.
 These facts are mutually related.
 The fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science.
 I must keep a secret with regard to the fact.
 The matter weighs on her mind.
 It will not to do blame him for the accident.
 Describe that accident in detail.
 The accident shows that he is careless about driving.
 It will not do to blame him for the accident.
 The accident happened late at night.
 The accident occurred at dawn.
 Did the accident really come to pass last year?
 The accident was due to the drunken driving of a certain film star.
 The accident was due to careless driving.
 The accident deprived her of her only son.
 The accident stemmed from her negligence.
 The accident deprived them of their only son.
 The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
 The accident happened through his carelessness.
 The accident resulted from his carelessness.
 The accident was due to his careless driving.
 The accident was due to his carelessness.
 The accident took place near his home.
 The accident arose from a simple mistake.
 Nobody was to blame for the accident.
 The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
 The accident came about through my carelessness.
 The accident happened before my very eyes.
 The accident happened through my carelessness.
 The accident happened previous to my arrival.
 The accident occurred yesterday morning.
 The accident caused a traffic jam.
 The accident occurred on Friday.
 We think that the narrow road was responsible for the accident.
 The accident happened a year ago today.
 The accident was due to bad driving.
 The accident occurred in a remote place.
 The accident was due to the driver's carelessness.
 The accident happened because of the driver's negligence.
 The accident was caused by the error on the part of the driver.
 The accident is still vivid in his memory.
 Where did the accident take place?
 The accident took place at that corner.
 The accident was due to the smog.
 The accident happened in this manner.
 The accident took place on the evening of last Sunday.
 The accident is reported in today's paper.
 The accident happened the day before yesterday.
 When did the accident happen to her?
 When did the accident happen?
 When did the accident take place?
 The accident took place at a crossroads.
 The accident happened on a rainy day.
 The accident happened at that crossing.
 The accident happened two hours ago.
 The accident robbed him of his best friend.
 The news of the accident was a great shock to me.
 He is to blame for the accident.
 It is I that am responsible for the accident.
 The accident was due to the negligence of the caretaker.
 It is he who is to blame for the accident.
 The accident was caused chiefly by the unpredictable weather.
 The picture of the accident makes me sick.
 I don't blame you for the accident; it was not your fault.
 Probe into the cause of the accident.
 The toll from the accident was persons dead and persons injured.
 Who is the victim of the accident?
 Please give me the details of the accident.
 The news of the accident was sent out at once over the radio.
 The news of the accident caused public alarm.
 The accident deprived him of his sight.
 The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
 Soon after the accident they found a live animal there.
 Just to think about the accident makes me shudder.
 She said she had heard of the accident.
 You must bring the person who is immediately concerned with the accident.
 He is responsible for the accident.
 It is you that are responsible for the accident.
 We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.
 I explained the accident to him.
 Dare you ask him about the accident?
 I asked him about the accident.
 I couldn't but sympathize with the girl who had lost her parents in the accident.
 The man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital.
 Some were injured and others were killed in the accident.
 The passengers who were injured in the accident were taken to the nearest hospital.
 The accident bereaved her of her husband.
 The accident deprived them of their happiness.
 He was injured in his left leg in the accident.
 No blame attaches to him for the accident.
 It's a miracle that he wasn't killed in the accident.
 It is a pity that nobody was saved in the accident, isn't it?
 The accident has caused many deaths.
 Many lives were lost in the accident.
 Many people were killed in the accident.
 A lot of passengers were injured in the accident.
 The news that her son was injured in the accident was a great shock to her.
 We were not to blame for the accident.
 Only one person survived the accident.
 Several thousand people were deprived of transportation by the accident.
 Twelve people were injured in the accident.
 Fifteen people were killed or injured in the accident.
 The accident threw traffic into great confusion.
 The accident stopped the traffic.
 How many people were killed in the store?
 As a result of the accident, several passengers were killed.
 No passengers were killed in the accident.
 You are to blame for the accident.
 Few passengers got injured in the accident.
 The bus was delayed an hour by the accident.
 Ten people were killed or injured in the accident.
 A number of passengers were injured in the accident.
 Quite a few people were injured in the accident.
 There were fifteen persons injured in the accident.
 Ten people were injured in the accident.
 Ten people were slightly injured in the accident.
 The accident almost cost him his life.
 The accident caused traffic confusion.
 Almost all of the passenger in the bus were asleep when the accident happened.
 He had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred.
 It is a complete mystery what caused the accident.
 Confusion arose from the accident.
 You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
 I'll ask him how the accident happened.
 No one knew for certain how the accident happened.
 It is difficult for me to handle the case.
 Put the case in the hands of the police.
 The event has become known to the public.
 The accident happened under his nose.
 That incident harmed his reputation.
 The incident left a spot on his reputation.
 The event affected his future.
 They are inquiring into the matter.
 The event was forgotten as time went on.
 The incident took place at midnight.
 That matter was decided by the Supreme Court.
 The matter was brought into court.
 The affair is still wrapped in mystery.
 The event is worthy of remembrance.
 The event is still fresh in our memory.
 The incident gave a shock to the whole school.
 That event happened years ago.
 Please keep me informed of the development of the case.
 The explanation of the event was omitted for lack of space.
 We expect an early settlement of the affair.
 I do remember the incident quite well.
 Who will try the case?
 The incident was never brought to my notice.
 A reward has been offered for information pertaining to the incident.
 That incident put his courage to the test.
 There was something weird about the incident.
 I will tell of the incident.
 I'm not at liberty to tell you about the incident.
 Her account of the incident accords with yours.
 He backed us up during that incident.
 The scandal separated him from his friend.
 The matter made his name known.
 The incident prevented him from going to America.
 That incident drew his interest.
 The businessman withdrew from the transaction.
 The incident sowed the seeds of the war.
 The business will pay in due course.
 The business will yields a fair return on the investment.
 The undertaking entailed great expense upon the government.
 The enterprise was doomed to failure.
 The undertaking was a failure from the beginning.
 The fact is, I think, very important.
 The business hasn't been paying for the last six months.
 The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen.
 Who will provide capital for the venture?
 You mustn't tell that to your parents.
 Your success in the enterprise depends on your effort.
 Don't keep me in the dark about it.
 Nobody but John has heard of it.
 Put that in writing.
 The mere thought of it is enough to make me happy.
 I make little of the problem.
 Are you quite certain about it?
 I dare say you're right about that.
 You may not have heard about this.
 I must confer with my colleagues on the matter.
 I can't disagree with you on that.
 I have nothing to tell you about it.
 I had to get rid of my doubt about it.
 It is no use arguing with him about it.
 We elected her to approach our teacher on the matter.
 That destroyed all his dreams.
 The dentist will see you only by appointment.
 The hen has been brooding its eggs for a week.
 Our department doesn't have that information.
 How about going to see the game?
 I don't particularly want to see the game.
 The game starts at two tomorrow afternoon.
 The game was called off.
 The game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
 The game was put off until next Sunday.
 What time does the game start?
 The game was called off on account of rain.
 The game was put off because of the rain.
 The game resulted in a draw.
 The game was suspended.
 The game was looked forward to by everyone.
 The game was very exciting.
 The game got more and more exciting.
 The game was slow, and it was also boring.
 The game was excellent.
 The game ended in a draw with a score 6-6.
 The game was called off because of the rain.
 The final score of the game was to 1.
 The latter half of the game was very exciting.
 The game made him excited.
 Great was our delight when we won the game.
 Anyone can participate in the game, no matter what nationality they are.
 The game exhausted me.
 I'll never forget taking the exam.
 Those who missed the test must take it tomorrow.
 The examination was not difficult in the least.
 The exam was too difficult for me.
 The exam was divided into two parts.
 The result of the examination fell short of our expectations.
 He was happy to have passed the examination.
 The attempt ended in failure for want of support.
 I cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure.
 The poet searches for the beauty in life.
 The poet always takes account of humanism before everything.
 The poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
 The poet committed suicide in his study.
 The poet compared death to sleep.
 The poet has been writing poems since this morning.
 The poet was no richer than a beggar.
 The poet wrote many poems.
 The poet lived here twenty years odd.
 The poet is not used to speaking in public.
 It was while I was in Hokkaido that I first met the poet.
 The poet and novelist were both present at the meeting.
 As the poet says, a little learning is a dangerous thing.
 It was clear what the poet wanted to say.
 It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
 Read the poem several times and digest it.
 The poem was composed by an anonymous author.
 Have you learned the poem by heart?
 The poem worked on her heart.
 The poem tells the story of the deeds of gods.
 We are familiar with the poem.
 That poem mixes prose with poetry.
 Fold the paper in four.
 How does the paper feel?
 Fold the paper in the middle.
 The branch bent but did not break.
 The explosion reduced the facilities to ruins.
 The payment will be deferred for two years.
 The manager gave the precise answer which I was looking for.
 You must not part with the ring.
 The ring was nowhere to be found.
 The ring has a diamond in it.
 The director became really anxious at this second postponement.
 I jumped at the unexpected news.
 The applicant impressed the examiner favorably.
 The mayor is sensitive to the way his programs have been criticized.
 The mayor appropriated city money for his own use.
 That market has been rapidly expanding.
 Take another good look at the city map.
 The city has a population of about four million.
 The city has decided to do away with the streetcar.
 The city was restored to tranquility after a week.
 The city lies east of London.
 The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.
 The defenses of the city are strong.
 The city is on the eastern bank of the Hudson.
 The population of the city is about 100,000.
 There are many pigeons in the City Square.
 This road is the only approach to the city.
 Is there a zoo in the city?
 The city is well supplied with water.
 The city has many broad streets.
 There is almost no violence in that city.
 The puppy licked her on the cheek.
 The children solved the problem for themselves.
 Both of the children won a prize.
 The children were working like so many ants.
 That child insisted on going there with his parents.
 He talked with his eyes shining.
 The child talked with his eyes shining.
 That child was talking with an innocent smile.
 He seems to be asleep.
 The child, with sleepy eyes, was sitting on the bench.
 That child felt secure in his mother's arms.
 The young boy pulled on his mother's coat.
 The child was scolded by his mother in the presence of others.
 That child was clinging to his mother.
 He is looked after by his aunt.
 The child bothered him with questions.
 The child does not even know how to add.
 That child was happy to get the gift.
 The child picked up a small stone.
 The child was nearly run over by a car.
 That child put his playthings away.
 He took the clock apart just for fun.
 The child dreads his visit to the dentist.
 That child stuck out his tongue at me.
 The kid did a job on my dictionary.
 He can count up to ten with his fingers.
 The child followed me to the park.
 He was crying with hunger.
 That child must be looked after by you.
 The child was paralyzed with fear.
 That child looks as if he is going to cry.
 He was adapted to the circumstances.
 The child grabbed the candy.
 That child talks as if he were an adult.
 He was asleep in the bed.
 The child wouldn't say 'yes'.
 That child did nothing but cry.
 He is very proud of his toy.
 The child was completely lacking in discipline.
 That child fell into a profound sleep.
 He was spotted stealing cookies.
 As soon as the child saw his mother, he stopped crying.
 The child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests.
 He gathered his toys together.
 He will have his own way.
 The child heard something fall with a crash.
 That child soon fell asleep.
 He was lying asleep in the sun.
 The kid stumbled and fell to his knees.
 The child is being taken good care of by the doctor.
 That child's free time is circumscribed.
 He had some sympathy for the child.
 Those children were covered with dirt from head to foot.
 Those children are in exuberant spirits.
 Those children are cheerful.
 Those children went away, singing a song.
 Those children are keen on skating.
 Those children always get into trouble with their parents.
 Those children were being cared for by an aunt.
 Those children were well looked after.
 Get the kid to bed.
 The dog that bit the child was caught soon after.
 Don't make fun of that child.
 That child thought much of his parents.
 He wants a playmate.
 The boy was cross at having to stay at home.
 The boy remained silent.
 The child flew for his life.
 That child murmured something in his sleep.
 The child pretended that it was asleep.
 The boy adjusted his cap.
 The child stretched out his hand to his mother.
 That child wouldn't let go of his mother's hand.
 The child played the baby to his mother.
 He stood behind his mother.
 The child begged his mother for candy.
 That child resembles his father.
 The child painted her father.
 He insists on playing another game.
 He is as tall as his father.
 The child was incapable of understanding his father's death.
 That child is sick and has been in the hospital since last Sunday.
 He needs proper medical attention at a hospital.
 The child was rescued from a burning house.
 That child shut up a cat in the carton.
 The boy caught the cat by the tail.
 He was suddenly attacked by a mysterious disease.
 The boy complained of a headache.
 The child believes that the earth is flat.
 That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
 The little boy has grown, he comes up to my waist now!
 That child got bored.
 The boy appeared to be in bad health.
 He is in poor health.
 The child was named Sophia after her grandmother.
 That child learned to tell good from bad.
 He speaks with a lisp.
 The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
 The child has a case of chicken pox.
 That child has no fear of water.
 She could not bring herself to jump into the water.
 The boy is anxious for a new soccer ball.
 The child got on an airplane in good mood.
 That child struggled for the prize.
 He screamed for help.
 The child had a pure heart.
 The baby was named John after his uncle.
 The boy has a watch in his hand.
 He clutched his wallet in his hand.
 The boy is mad for a bicycle.
 The child pointed out her mother to me.
 The boy can solve any problem in arithmetic.
 That child dug a tunnel in the sandpit.
 He was attacked by a high fever.
 The boy has a high fever.
 The child was full of curiosity.
 That child stared at me, his mouth agape.
 He got lost in the park.
 The child began to cry at the sight of the dog.
 That child threw a stone at the dog.
 That boy could not enter for fear of the dog.
 The child is helpless in his rage.
 That child could barely manage to tie his shoes.
 The boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates.
 He did nothing but cry.
 The child burst out crying.
 That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
 He grinned with delight.
 The child was almost drowned.
 He pressed his face against the shop window.
 The kid is old enough to go to school.
 The kid got hurt.
 He had the appearance of being half-starved.
 That boy displayed no fear.
 That child did nothing but cry all day.
 The little boy is afraid of the dark.
 He was cured of his bad habits.
 He was playing with a lighter.
 The child talks as if he were a man.
 The boy soon went to sleep.
 The boy is yet to be found.
 That child is only four, but he can already count to 100.
 When the kid wanted the latest PlayStation software, he acted like a spoiled child.
 The boy wants to become a Newton.
 The child handles a knife and fork well.
 That kid was almost run over when the truck backed up.
 The boy will have his own way.
 He insisted on going to the department store with his mother.
 He grew a lot in no time at all.
 This child did nothing but cry.
 She put it in the box.
 He came out from where he was hiding.
 No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
 He insists on going to the park with his father.
 That kid got a slap from his mother for being rude.
 He should apologize for being rude to the guests.
 She was crying for a toy.
 He was pleased with the toy.
 He was playing with a toy.
 He is in custody of his uncle.
 The child is always begging for something.
 That child has few friends.
 She was left in the sun too long.
 He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
 The boy did not reach his father's stature of six feet.
 He was not accustomed to sleeping alone.
 The boy did nothing but cry all day long.
 She started crying, "Ah! Ah!"
 The boy can count to ten.
 He made no progress in his speaking ability.
 The child was taken care of by him.
 That kid kept crying for hours.
 The kid drew back from the frog when it moved.
 My mother says that the child's illnesses are phony.
 The kid has a keen sense of hearing.
 The child has advanced in his knowledge.
 Hope of finding the child alive is fading rapidly.
 Don't force the child to eat.
 The child's face glowed when he saw Santa Claus.
 The boy has few friends to play with.
 I have great difficulty in handling the child.
 The children were well looked after.
 That kid is a little bundle of energy.
 He was eager to try on the blue shirt.
 The child worked for him, going on errands.
 That boy has a great talent.
 The children were so excited after the party that they couldn't sleep.
 The children had the benefit of a good upbringing.
 The boy must have broken the window.
 You must keep an eye on the child.
 The sisters are both blondes.
 The sisters look like each other.
 The sisters often quarrel over nothing.
 The sisters are quite alike.
 The two sisters are so alike.
 The two sisters were always quarreling with each other.
 The sisters lived to be years old.
 Both sisters are pretty.
 The priest took the sick man's place.
 Show me how to do it.
 It's on the aggressor's side of town.
 Can you take on the job?
 I'll do anything but that job.
 There are some tools with which to do the job easily.
 Don't put off the work till tomorrow.
 I passed on the job to him.
 Few people know how to do it.
 I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
 Don't worry about the work.
 It is up to you to finish the task.
 It took her all afternoon to finish the work.
 It took me five hours to finish the work.
 It won't take long to finish the job.
 How long will it take to finish the work?
 It is difficult to execute the task.
 Would you like me to do that work?
 Do your best to complete the work.
 I have a mind to undertake the work.
 I'm wondering whether to take on that job.
 I have half a mind to undertake the work.
 It is difficult to finish the work in a day.
 It is impossible for me to do the work in a week.
 Please finish the work at once.
 It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
 Let's do the work.
 It was tough to finish the work.
 Let's not do the work.
 He couldn't get the job.
 Are you through with the work?
 I arranged the business with Mr Brown.
 He has the ability to do the work.
 Cooperate with your friends in doing the work.
 I think it will be easy to do the job.
 It won't take long to do the job.
 There were no volunteers for the job.
 The job gave him bed, board, and dollars a week to spend.
 That job gave him little gratification.
 If the work is to be completed before June, more people will have to make more effort.
 It is impossible for me to finish the work in a day.
 I found it impossible to do the job in a day.
 I finished the work in less than an hour.
 The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
 Will the work be finished by tomorrow?
 The job earns him half a million yen every month.
 The work will tax his health.
 The task is of great importance to them.
 The load of his work was too great for him.
 Was the work done by him alone?
 The work has been almost completed.
 I will have finished the work by noon.
 I got nowhere with the work.
 The work was done with great haste.
 The work is well worth the trouble.
 The job pays well, but on the other hand I have to work twelve hours a day.
 I'm through with my work. Let's go out.
 The work is done.
 The job is not suitable for young girls.
 The work is a heavy tax on my health.
 This task is impossible for me to accomplish.
 The work is easy enough for me to finish in a couple of hours.
 The work had been completed before I arrived.
 I finished the work yesterday.
 The job will take a minimum of ten days.
 That work will be finished at the end of this week.
 You may as well do the task now as put it off.
 The work is now in progress.
 The task was total agony.
 You will find the job easy.
 It seems the task will not be accomplished in our generation.
 Be sure to keep in mind that you're supposed to complete the work within a week.
 I'll get through the work in an hour.
 We brought off the task.
 The work is not finished yet.
 The job isn't anywhere near done.
 That job is pretty much finished.
 The work is practically finished.
 The work must be done by Tom.
 The work calls for great patience.
 The work was very difficult.
 The work is actually finished.
 The work will take anywhere from two to three weeks.
 The work can't be done at a moment's notice.
 You cannot be too careful when you do the job.
 It's a good paying job, but the fly in the ointment is that I'll have to spend a lot of time traveling.
 The work was well done in a way.
 That job was not very interesting, but on the other hand it was well paid.
 The task is so difficult that I cannot accomplish it.
 The work had been finished by six.
 The work will be finished at six.
 The job must be finished by p.m.
 It appeared as if the work would not be finished in a year.
 The task will be accomplished in a year.
 The work cannot be done in a day.
 We cannot do the work in a day.
 The work requires ten men for ten days.
 The work cost dollars.
 I don't remember getting paid for the work.
 The accomplishment of the task took several years.
 The work cost him his life.
 There is no one here who can help you with the work.
 That job brings him in an extra 60,yen a month.
 Three-quarters of the work was finished.
 Two thirds of the work is finished.
 The job drew out his talent.
 The work will be a great tax on his time.
 It rests with you to decide whom to choose for the job.
 We must concentrate our efforts on the desk.
 Please try me for the job.
 It is up to you to apply for the job.
 My heart wasn't in the work.
 Why not apply for that job?
 He is the proper person for the job.
 The work calls for patience.
 You'll soon get accustomed to the work.
 No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
 The business brings him in dollars a year.
 We lost a lot on that job.
 Did you make any money out of that business?
 That job took a lot out of me.
 In the factory, all the equipment was up to date.
 When the work was done, the men were discharged.
 I've left that line of business.
 Not that I dislike that job, but that I have no time to do it.
 Not that I dislike the work, but that I have no time.
 The cruel man beat the dog with a whip.
 The industry is heavily dependent on government funding.
 The fire which caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
 That terrorist was to blame for the disaster.
 That forest fire happened from natural cause.
 The forest fire occurred through carelessness.
 We call the mountain Tsurugidake.
 There is only one pass over the mountain.
 The mountain rises above the plain.
 The mountain is easy of access.
 The mountain is covered with snow.
 The mountain attracts many climbers.
 The mountain is famous in myth and legend.
 The mountains look nicer from a distance.
 The mountain is more than 3,meters above sea level.
 The mountain is about meters above sea level.
 We have snow on the mountain all the year round.
 The mountain is covered with snow all the year round.
 How high is the mountain?
 This mountain has an altitude of 3,meters.
 The mountain peak was covered with snow.
 The mountain top is covered with snow almost all year.
 The top of the mountain is always covered with snow.
 There was a tower on the top of the mountain.
 The summit of the mountain is covered with snow.
 The view from the top of the mountain took my breath away.
 The mountain has a beautiful shape.
 It's not absolutely impossible to climb the mountain.
 The hill is bare of trees.
 Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain.
 It's a lot of fun to climb that mountain.
 There are many monkeys on the mountain.
 I met some hikers on the mountain.
 The three sisters look very much alike.
 The mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky.
 The plate is made of plastic.
 The magazine does nothing for me.
 Having read through the magazine, he lent it to me.
 Can I have a look at the magazine?
 I decided to subscribe to the magazine.
 The magazine comes out every week.
 The magazines were sold out.
 The magazine revealed all his dirty secrets.
 The magazine is enjoying great popularity.
 The magazine comes out once a week.
 The magazine jumped the gun and reported on the scandal.
 Where can I buy that magazine?
 The magazine is for killing time.
 The magazine is issued twice a month.
 The magazine is aimed at teenagers.
 Would you lend me the latest issue of the magazine?
 The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
 I got a premium for subscribing to the magazine.
 The magazine article said that the value of the yen would rise.
 That magazine article exposed his devilish acts to the full light of day.
 The noise gets on my nerves.
 The murderer was finally caught last night.
 The murderer is still at large.
 The murderer is now on trial.
 There was no clue as to the identity of the murderer.
 The murder case may bear a relation to his sudden death.
 The murder remains a mystery.
 The scene of the murder was too terrible to describe.
 Nobody seemed to have a motive for the murder.
 The fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out.
 I wrote the composition in haste, so it must be full of mistakes.
 The work finally saw the light last month.
 The work will give birth to a new school of novel.
 Finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting.
 The composer is wrestling with the new music.
 The writer is bringing out a new book next month.
 The writer is very popular because he expresses himself well.
 That writer is well known all over the world.
 The writer is working on a new book.
 The writer is said to have studied at a university in Germany when young.
 The author killed himself in his study.
 The author presented a copy of his latest book to me.
 The writer is well known to us.
 The author described the murder case vividly.
 The writer is living in a log cabin.
 The writer is tackling the now new novel.
 The writer is very good at a dialog.
 The writer is very humorous.
 How long ago did the author die?
 The writer was descended from the Greek royal family.
 The author is seventy, but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago.
 The author's name is familiar to us.
 The writer has a parenthetic style.
 The author's mode of expression is very concise.
 The writer's latest novel is well worth reading.
 The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
 The author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue.
 The recipe serves six people.
 Let's descend the slope.
 The treasure lay hidden for a long time.
 In addition to about 30,yen, the wallet contained his driver's license.
 All the property will go to his daughter.
 The property is mine.
 The guilt lies with him.
 The criminal became a Christian and turned over a new leaf.
 The judge was grave and forbidding.
 And this is the judgment, that the light is come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the light; for their works were evil.
 The trial is not open to the public.
 The judge reversed the final decision.
 The festival is held in the second week of January every year.
 It is believed that the festival comes from the South Pacific islands.
 The festival was far from dull.
 The fortress was secure from every kind of attack.
 The earthquake which caused the disaster occurred in 1995.
 The damage of the disaster has been enormous.
 After the disaster, there was scarcely any water left on the island.
 Whoever made that last comment, please leave now.
 Quite a few people turned out for the event.
 That desert looks like the surface of the moon.
 In the desert we were independent of camels.
 Tell me how you got over such troubles?
 Stir the mixture until it foams, then set it aside.
 You must overcome the difficulties.
 We need a spirit of enterprise to overcome the difficulty.
 At that time, she was a student at Yale.
 At that time, I was still awake.
 In those days, few people went to college.
 I was very poor in those days.
 Those black people have long been deprived of their rights.
 That dark coat does not match her dark skin.
 She cuts a beautiful figure in that black suit.
 He cuts a handsome figure in that black suit.
 Progress has been very slow indeed, so far as the social life of the people is concerned.
 The international conference was to be held in February this year.
 There's a checkpoint at the border where they look in your trunk.
 The Congressman broke the news of conspiracy and made no bones about taking drastic action against it.
 Introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process.
 The country declared war against its neighbor.
 The country is aiming at decreasing its imports.
 The country is trying hard to make up for her trade deficit.
 That country broke off diplomatic relations with the United States.
 The country advanced in civilization.
 That country is about twice as large as Japan.
 The country appealed to Japan for help.
 The country kept faith with her ally.
 The country is abundant in natural resources.
 The country was in a state of anarchy at that time.
 The country is rich in natural resources.
 That country has natural resources.
 The country is in the grasp of the enemy.
 The country had been devastated by long war.
 That country remained neutral throughout World War II.
 The country was gearing up for war.
 The country is very different from what it was just after the war.
 The country was torn by war.
 The country was wasted by war.
 Oil is abundant in that country.
 The land is clothed with woods.
 The nation ceased to exist.
 The country fell into the invader's hand.
 The country is supported by industry.
 The country is renowned for the beauty of its mountain scenery.
 The country is confronted with a financial crisis.
 The country appealed to the United Nations for help.
 The country appealed to the United Nation for help.
 That country is rich in minerals.
 That country is turning into a society with high education.
 The country has power in international affairs.
 That country is rich in mineral resources.
 That country has openly threatened to go nuclear.
 The country is isolated economically and politically.
 The country is famous for the rapid growth of its economy.
 The country was industrialized very quickly.
 That country has a mild climate.
 That country intervened in the internal affairs of our nation.
 The country was governed by a French noble family.
 The country must be very beautiful.
 The country is well on the way to industrialization.
 The country is twice the size of England.
 The country borders on two other countries.
 The country is on the way to becoming a democratic nation.
 The country's civilization has advanced.
 The beauty of that country is beyond description.
 The beautiful of that country is beyond description.
 The development of the country is falling behind that of Japan.
 The government of that country is now stable.
 The government of that country oppresses its people.
 The government of the country is now stable.
 People in the country were living under a tyranny.
 People in that country are pressed by hunger.
 The population of that country is about three-fourths of that of Japan.
 One third of the population of that country cannot read.
 The view for the country's future is bright.
 Parts of the country are so dry as to be almost desert.
 The capital of the state is right on the equator.
 The country's main products are cocoa and gold.
 To get the nation's economy out of the red, more foreign aid had to be pumped in.
 That country's wealth comes from its oil.
 Demand the exclusion of the country from the U. N.
 The country is in a bad economic state.
 The country's economy has developed making use of its rich national resources.
 The country's economy was dislocated by the war.
 The economy of the country kept growing for years.
 The country's economy depends on agriculture.
 The rapid growth of the country has a lot to do with the characteristics of the people.
 That country has a severe climate.
 A part of the country was at one time a French settlement.
 The evil leader of the country was interested only in money.
 It seldom snows in this part of the country.
 There were storms in that region of the country.
 Those who lived in that country could not speak out against their leaders.
 A revolution broke out in that country.
 That country has a lot of immigrants from Europe.
 There are several peoples in the country.
 We cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country.
 I am anxious to see what there is to be seen of the country.
 There is a movement against Japanese goods in that country.
 In that country the government controls prices.
 The increase in population has become a serious problem in the country.
 So many people are starving to death in the country.
 Foreigners get special treatment in that country.
 Many young people are out of work in the country.
 In this country the average number of children per family fell from to 1.5.
 Do they observe Christmas Day in that country?
 What the country needs most is wise leaders.
 The heavy snowfall prevented our train from leaving on time.
 The merger was implemented on a 50-ratio.
 In addition to that sum he still owes me ten dollars.
 The agreement was a product of compromise between the two governments.
 The passwords were easy to figure out.
 We easily figured out the password.
 The roof of the high rise building overlooks the whole town.
 An immense monument was erected in honor of the noble patriot.
 The expensive machine turned out to be of no use.
 That mine has shut down.
 The auditorium is terribly stained. It is, in part, due to acid rain.
 The outside walls of the auditorium are terribly stained. It is, in part, due to acid rain.
 A few people came to the lecture.
 Few people came to the lecture.
 The lecture was beyond me.
 The lecture was very long, but I enjoyed it none the less.
 The speaker was restrained in his attitude.
 The speaker was so famous as to need no introduction.
 The speaker was so well-known as to need no introduction.
 I regret missing the speech.
 The lecture gripped the audience.
 The lecture covered a lot of ground.
 Access to the resort is quite easy.
 The lost child was found after two days.
 The behavior did his reputation no good.
 And will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed.
 So that it may be seen plainly that what he has done has been done through God.
 The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
 That plane makes use of new technology.
 That aircraft company deals in freight only.
 The idea is of paramount importance.
 Not a few people had that thought.
 The idea is very attractive.
 The concept is quite alien to our way of thinking.
 The idea seemed absurd at first.
 The idea still prevails.
 The idea never came into my head.
 The thought is not bad.
 The idea is still in my mind.
 The idea struck me as absurd.
 The idea is not bad.
 The idea is not in itself a bad one.
 I don't like that idea much.
 I don't like the idea much.
 The whole idea is abhorrent to me.
 The idea underlies his theory.
 He made it clear that the idea was foolish.
 The idea formed in his mind.
 Please haul on the rope.
 The date on the coin is 1921.
 The harbor is closed to navigation.
 The port is filled with vessels of all kinds.
 The flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had.
 The flood did a lot of harm to the crops.
 The flood did a lot of damage to the village.
 The flood caused a great deal of damage to the crop.
 The principal made a rule for the purpose of giving a good school life to the students.
 The school building was a blaze of light in the evening darkness.
 The college song reminds me of the good old days.
 This vast continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
 Fossil fuels are abundant in that vast continent.
 The ad really pulled.
 The hall was decorated with Japanese paintings.
 The factory will begin to produce next year.
 The factory will cease operations next month.
 The factory has laid off some three hundred workers.
 The factory produces cotton goods.
 The factory is run on a large scale.
 The factory decided to do away with the old machinery.
 The factory manufactures toys.
 The factory produced ten finished articles an hour.
 The factory turns out eight hundred motorcycles a month.
 The factory was constructed out of concrete.
 The factory has dismissed some three hundred workers.
 The workers in the factory were forced to work hard to improve the products.
 The factory waste gave rise to serious environmental pollution.
 Many workers were laid off at that plant.
 The factory is trying to get rid of water pollution.
 The factory is producing a new type of car.
 They had to fire men at the factory.
 The duke holds a lot of land.
 They carried on with the construction in the face of strong opposition from the residents.
 The performance was received with applause.
 The park was designed for small children.
 The park lies in the center of the city.
 The park is governed by the city.
 The park was built for the benefit of the public.
 The park is common property.
 The park was crowded with people with children.
 There were many signs in the park that said "Keep off the grass."
 The park is busy every season.
 Didn't you visit the park?
 That park is full of amusements.
 Is there a zoo in the park?
 There are a lot of tall trees in the park.
 There are no less than two hundred trees in the park.
 The scene brought her words home to him.
 The sight fetched tears from their eyes.
 His courage began to shake when he saw the sight.
 I could not help laughing at the sight.
 I couldn't help laughing at the sight.
 The sight made a chill run down my spine.
 The sight struck me with wonder.
 That sight was seen, and I felt fear.
 My hair stood on end with horror when I saw the scene.
 I was much frightened at the sight.
 My blood curdled at that sight.
 The sight made my flesh creep.
 I was frightened by the sight.
 The sight made my blood freeze.
 I was frightened at the sight.
 I saw the sight and laughed in spite of myself.
 Never shall I forget the sight.
 The sight was too miserable to look at.
 The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
 The scenery was beautiful beyond description.
 That scene was branded on her memory.
 The scene brought out the mother in her.
 The scene was burned into my memory.
 The scene was clearly printed in my memory.
 The sight was indescribably splendid.
 I could not bear to see the scene.
 The sight arrested my attention.
 The scene made my stomach turn.
 It shines on the beautiful sea.
 It is strange how vividly I remember the scene.
 The sight has been indelibly etched in my mind.
 The candidate handed out a great amount of money in the election.
 The candidate is the kind of person that we can look up to.
 The candidate is running for mayor.
 The candidate waved his hand to whomever he saw.
 The traffic accident is fresh in his memory.
 The traffic accident happened before my very eyes.
 The traffic accident took place on the highway.
 How did the traffic accident come about?
 The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
 I was upset by the news of the traffic accident.
 He missed the train because of the traffic accident.
 Two people were killed in the traffic accident.
 The key of the symphony is G minor.
 It was my brother that made the mistake.
 Look the word up for yourself in the dictionary.
 The word is expressive of my feelings.
 The word is of great use to me.
 The word has acquired broad meaning.
 The word lends itself to beginners.
 What does this word mean?
 The words were spelled wrong.
 How do you spell the word?
 His misspelling of that word eliminated him from the contest.
 Will you please explain to me the exact meaning of the word?
 What is the precise meaning of the word?
 Find out the meaning of the word for yourself.
 The accent of the word is on the second syllable.
 Do you know the French equivalent of the word?
 The word has several meanings.
 I have no idea what has become of her since.
 After that, he went home.
 I have never heard of him since.
 Thereafter we heard no more from him.
 I never spoke to him after that.
 There followed a prolonged silence.
 Do you have anything to do after that?
 The patron appreciates genuine antiques.
 And soon after I procured Xenophon's Memorable Things of Socrates, in which there are many instances of the same method.
 After that he began to enjoy life again and gradually recovered.
 After that, many live in special homes for the aged where their children and grandchildren can come to visit them.
 You know the rest of the story.
 Then Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
 Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
 Then Hawking wanted to finish his degree, work at Cambridge, and keep on living.
 Then I slipped out the card. No water leaks out because no air can come in; the rim is too close to the table for that.
 After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
 The customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue.
 The employer imposed a heavy task on them.
 Don't waste any more time responding to that customer.
 The lake is four miles across.
 The lake is the deepest in Japan.
 The lake can be reached in half an hour by bus.
 The lake is large and beautiful.
 The lake is notorious for its contamination.
 The lake is five kilometers round.
 The lake is ten miles about.
 The lake supplies the city with water.
 The lake is made not by nature but by art.
 How deep is that lake?
 I don't know how deep the lake is.
 The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
 The lake is deepest at this spot.
 The lake is deep at this point.
 The beauty of the lake is beyond description.
 The beauty of the lake was beyond description.
 The water of the lake is very cold.
 The water in the lake is cool.
 The lake abounds with fish.
 What is the depth of the lake?
 The lake supplies water to the village.
 The door will be painted tomorrow.
 The door was locked from the inside.
 The door was locked from the outside.
 The door wouldn't shut.
 The door will not open; the lock must be out of order.
 The lonely man derives pleasure from observing ants.
 The orphan wept with grief over his misfortune.
 The orphan was fostered by the wealthy man.
 The old castle is in a sad state.
 The old castle lay in ruins.
 The old castle stands on the hill.
 The old house was in bad shape.
 The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
 The old clock is still in use.
 The old shrine used to stand there.
 The old belief is still widely current.
 The old proverb still holds good in our modern society.
 It was decided that the old building be pulled down.
 The old building was broken down.
 The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
 The old house was burned to ashes.
 The old house stands on a cliff.
 That old house has been neglected for years.
 There lived an old man in the old house.
 The old cottage had only one bed, so we all took turns sleeping in it.
 I feel disenchanted by the limited capacity of the computer.
 The proverb is quoted from Franklin.
 When she heard that, she broke into tears.
 Those words have extremely old origins.
 The word is out of fashion.
 The words hurt his pride.
 The word refers to not only adults but also children.
 The word is derived from Latin.
 The word is unfamiliar to me.
 That word dropped from his mouth.
 The meaning of the words is intelligible.
 If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
 The word has unpleasant associations.
 This word has a subtle nuance to it.
 The words confirmed him in his suspicions.
 The tone in which those words were spoken utterly belied them.
 That word describes it perfectly.
 The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects.
 I didn't study either of the languages.
 The argument quickly got out of control.
 There were ten police officers on the spot.
 The phenomenon is typical of our modern era.
 The vision that was planted in my senses still silently lingers.
 The nuclear ship was built at a considerable expense.
 Some of the ingredients are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
 The manuscript had been written out by hand.
 What do you think of the original plan?
 The key is on the desk.
 Don't play with that key!
 The humble man is getting along with his neighbors.
 There was nothing worthy of remark at the fair.
 Let's talk about what to do with the stranger.
 The gorgeous cake made my mouth water.
 The prefectural governor got the upper hand in the July elections.
 The laboratory acquired a fabulous reputation for its historic discovery.
 We have little money available for the research.
 The research institute was established in the late 1960s.
 The research cast new light on the issue.
 The study made it clear that smoking ruins our health.
 Don't you think the dog is smart?
 Don't set the dogs loose.
 There's no need to be frightened of the dog; he is quite harmless.
 Let's call the dog Skipper.
 The dog went away.
 The dog went for the postman.
 The dog eats a lot of meat every day.
 The dog is blind in one eye.
 The dog seems to be sick.
 The dog seems to have been sick.
 The dog wagged its tail.
 The dog, wagging its tail, followed its master.
 The dog was running toward him.
 The dog was walking at his heels.
 The dog ran after the cat.
 The dog didn't eat the meat.
 The dog had a piece of meat in its mouth.
 The dog was frozen to death.
 The dog is trained to watch for thieves.
 The dog is brown, small and thin.
 The dog sniffed the ground.
 The dog barks at a stranger.
 The dog was out of breath.
 The dog went away like a shot.
 The dog was killed on the spot.
 The dog came running to her.
 The dog began to run.
 The dog drank some water and went away.
 The dog was burnt to death.
 The dog saved the girl's life.
 The dog growled at a little boy.
 The dog knew its master.
 The dog was run over by a car.
 The dog ran away at the sight of me.
 Scarcely had the dog seen me before in ran away.
 The dog follows me wherever I go.
 The dog came running to me.
 The dog nipped at me.
 The dog was dead.
 The dog came running to us.
 The dog is dying.
 The dog was dying.
 The dog barked at the stranger.
 The dog should be on a chain.
 The dog leaped at a stranger.
 The dog barks at all strangers.
 The dog guarded the house against strangers.
 The dog was digging a hole.
 The dog awoke to the danger.
 The dog must be hungry.
 The dog wants to go outside.
 The dog seems to be getting better.
 That dog is loved by the whole family.
 The dog is called Spot by the family.
 The dog's hair bristled when it saw the lion.
 This dog is almost human.
 The dog was sleeping on the mat.
 The dog wouldn't let go of the ball.
 The dog was so clever that he seemed almost human.
 The dog pricked up his ears at the sound.
 The dog answers to the name John.
 The dog was wagging his tail.
 The dog will not harm you.
 The dog answers to the name of Blackie.
 The dog looks hungry.
 As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
 The dog always barks at me.
 The dog is on the chair.
 The dog likes that kind of food.
 The dog turned its head this way and that.
 The dog's name is Ken.
 The dog kept barking all night.
 The dog kept me from approaching his house.
 The dog gave his leg a mean bite.
 Please feed the dog every day.
 Don't approach the dog.
 Don't go near the dog.
 Don't feed the dog.
 You can buy that dog if you want to. It is for sale.
 That dog made for me.
 Make sure that the dog does not escape.
 I like the dog.
 Don't play with that gun. It's not a toy.
 I found it easy to find the building.
 The building exhibits signs of dilapidation.
 That building can easily be seen from the other side of the room.
 The building is rotten inside and out.
 The building fell down suddenly.
 The building suffered much from the earthquake.
 The building stood beside the river.
 The building is incapable of repair.
 The building doesn't blend in with its surroundings.
 The building is built of marble of a most lovely color.
 The building crumbled to pieces three years ago.
 The building will be made of concrete on a steel framework.
 The building was heavily damaged by fire.
 The building did not pass a fire inspection.
 The building is a monstrous structure.
 The building is on your right. You can't miss it.
 The building may crash at any time.
 The building is seven stories high.
 The building will be completed in a year.
 The building was built in 1960.
 The building was not sold for 10,dollars, let alone 15,dollars.
 It was difficult for me to find the entrance to that building.
 Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.
 The frame of the building is now complete.
 Only part of the building has been destroyed by the earthquake.
 The building looks down on the whole town.
 The building has no fire exit.
 We can see the whole harbor from the building.
 The architect achieved worldwide fame.
 The architect boasted that he had received a prestigious award.
 The architect suggested that the building be restored.
 The architect designed that building.
 We intend to look into that matter.
 Let's put that on hold.
 The matter was settled in his absence.
 The matter comes under MITI.
 You can only let the matter take its own course.
 I know it by hearsay.
 The matter is now under consideration.
 The issue is in the balance.
 That matter will take care of itself.
 This is the biggest issue in this matter.
 I'm not in a position to say anything about that.
 I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
 I really don't have an opinion about it.
 I cannot but object to his opinion as to the matter.
 I don't agree with you on the matter.
 I'm not familiar with that subject.
 I'll talk the matter over with my father.
 Their views vary on the subject.
 He lied about the matter.
 You should look into the matter at once.
 May I talk with you in private about the matter?
 We have to study the matter.
 I will look into the matter.
 I'll tell you all I know about it.
 I cannot refrain from expressing my opinion about the affair.
 I will advise you on the matter.
 There is no point arguing about the matter.
 I'm not schooled in that subject.
 You can take her at her word on that.
 You should sound him out about the matter.
 Don't tell anybody about the matter.
 Please keep me informed of the matter.
 We'd better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea.
 It is better to say nothing about the matter.
 Our views on the matter are in accord.
 What do you think should be done about it?
 It is useless to discuss the matter any further.
 I'd like to have an interview with your father about the matter.
 I pointed out that he was mistaken about the matter.
 The affair cost me many sleepless nights.
 I put off the conclusion.
 The conclusion rests on a solid basis.
 The conclusion was formed on the basis of these facts.
 It took us three hours to come to a conclusion.
 The result confirmed my hypothesis.
 From that conclusion the family could be divided into two groups.
 The wedding was held last week.
 It was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce.
 What happened in consequence?
 The result was that she got ill.
 You should not make little of the result.
 The result will satisfy him.
 The results came as a surprise to many people.
 The result was far from being satisfactory.
 The results fell short of my expectations.
 The result fell short of our expectations.
 The result remains to be seen.
 The result was by no means satisfactory.
 He was rubbing his hands over the report of the result.
 I am pleased with the result.
 As regards result, you don't have to worry.
 I was disappointed at the result.
 As a result, he became a great merchant.
 As a result, it is undeniable that important disciplines and moral education have been neglected. By placing excessive importance on scholastic achievement, many parents have forgotten such basic social courtesies as consideration for others.
 Those consequences are no concern of mine.
 The result is a continual search for food in a changing environment.
 The consequence was that she lost her job.
 As a result, more women are receiving equal work.
 As a result, people have got so used to being paid this way that they're uncomfortable with any other.
 Maintaining that tie is important.
 Let's plug up the hole.
 The hole is two meters across.
 The diameter of the hole was slightly larger.
 The hole is about five feet across.
 There is a good argument for that decision.
 The decision is not final.
 The decision was acceptable to us all.
 The decision was unfavourable to us.
 The decision has something to do with what you said.
 I could clearly see that the hard work had begun to tell on his health.
 It's nothing impressive. It's just a bit part in that play.
 The company presented a three-act play.
 What is on at the theater this month?
 What is playing at the theater?
 The dramatist resides now in New York.
 The play was produced by him.
 The drama was presented last month.
 The play is a satire on the political world.
 The play was adapted from a novel.
 The show is over.
 The play concludes with the hero's death.
 The play was based on a true story.
 The play ended all too soon.
 The play got a favorable notice.
 The play went over well.
 The play was far from being a failure.
 Is the play still running?
 The play was so popular that the theater was almost full.
 That play was an immense success.
 The action took place in a mountain village.
 The action of the play takes place in France.
 In the play she doubled the parts of a maid and shop girl.
 The whale has been found off the coast of Wakayama.
 As the artist grows older his paintings may alter.
 The artists pledged to contribute all his property to charity.
 That artist created a lot of beautiful pictures.
 The artist exclaimed.
 The chicken hasn't laid eggs lately.
 The alarm sent everyone rushing out of the room.
 The guard was on duty all night.
 The policeman was confronted by the angry mob.
 The policeman went over the room in search for evidence.
 The policeman cut me short in my talk.
 The policeman observed the man open the door.
 The police were able to cope with the crowd.
 The policeman promised to investigate the matter.
 The cop was shot on his beat.
 The police are searching.
 The police have surrounded the building.
 The warnings are clear and concrete.
 The policeman was off duty.
 The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.
 The policeman arrested him for speeding.
 The police caught sight of the criminal running away.
 The policeman chased the thief.
 The policeman was after the thief.
 The policeman didn't believe the thief.
 The policeman asked people to back off.
 The policeman dealt with the accident.
 The policeman is now on duty.
 The policeman was rather abrupt with me.
 The policeman tore the signboard from the house.
 That policeman promised to look into the matter.
 The policeman talked to the children in as friendly a manner as he could.
 The police searched for the lost boy.
 The policeman was on duty on that day.
 The instant he saw the policeman, he ran away.
 Abandoning that plan can't be helped.
 Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
 It may be too early for us to put the project into practice.
 It cost lots of money to put the plan into practice.
 It will be to our mutual benefit to carry out the plan.
 In carrying out the plan, you should have reckoned with all possible difficulties.
 Carrying out the plan was easy.
 It is impossible to put the plan into practice.
 It is difficult to carry out the plan.
 You are going to carry out the plan, aren't you?
 It was difficult to carry out the plan.
 I have decided not to support the plan.
 We are not alone in supporting the plan.
 I'm thinking of the plan.
 I suggested that the plan be postponed.
 The plan is well worth trying.
 Carry on with your plan.
 We all agreed that the plan made sense.
 The plan will be brought into effect tomorrow.
 The plans were discarded.
 The plan is incapable of alteration.
 The plan is bound to succeed.
 The plan should be carried through.
 The plan was a good one apart from its cost.
 The plans are being made without regard to his schedule.
 The plan did not meet with his ideas.
 The plan is under discussion.
 The plan gave rise to much trouble.
 The project was a complete failure.
 The plan must be carried out by all means.
 The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
 The project is underway.
 The plan was discussed in detail.
 The plan is not mature.
 The plan was put into operation.
 The project was aborted.
 The plan met with opposition from the inhabitants.
 We saw that the plan would end in failure.
 The plan was a masterpiece of fraud.
 The plan was given up at length because funds ran short.
 That plan resulted with failure.
 The plan will develop our city.
 As yet, the project is in the air.
 The plan has been successful so far.
 The plan is worth considering.
 The project is taking shape.
 That plan will probably fail in the long run.
 The program does not allow for changes at this point in time.
 I cannot approve of the plan, seeing that it costs too much.
 The plan will be carried out in the near future.
 They carried on with the plan in spite of strong objections to it.
 The project will entail great expense upon the company.
 The plan was adopted at the meeting.
 The plan has been generally accepted.
 That project is proceeding slowly.
 How will the plan work out?
 The plan was supported by practically all the attendants.
 Will the plan meet the need?
 The plan will work out.
 The details of the plan unfolded.
 I find the plan to be unsatisfactory in several ways.
 There are few, if any, supporters of the plan.
 Do you have any alternatives to the plan?
 We have to get the necessary capital ready for the plan.
 It is very brave of you to vote against the plan.
 I refuse to consent to that plan.
 Would you agree to the plan in principle?
 Some people are for the plan and others are against it.
 I lost half my interest in the project.
 Would you take part in the project?
 It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
 The plan calls for a lot of money.
 There is big oversight in that plan.
 The plan is far from satisfactory.
 The new plan will call for a lot of money.
 I'm dead against the plan.
 Money for the plan was lacking.
 The plan requires a large sum of money.
 I consulted with my father about the plan.
 We went with him on that plan.
 She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.
 What must be done if the plan proves unworkable?
 What if the scheme doesn't work out?
 The stalk is a little bigger around than your little finger.
 The economist anticipated a prolonged depression.
 The economist instinctively anticipated the current depression.
 The experience will do you good.
 The experience prejudiced her in favor of the Democratic Party.
 The scenery carried me back to my younger days.
 The scenery was too beautiful for words.
 The scenery was beyond description.
 I was deeply impressed by the scenery.
 No picture can do justice to the scene.
 The beauty of the scenery is beyond description.
 Words cannot express the beauty of the scene.
 Both brothers are musicians.
 The brothers hate each other.
 Each of the brothers has a car.
 Those brothers are both over feet in height. That's indeed tall.
 Both the brothers are dead.
 Both brothers are still alive.
 The brothers were born twelve years apart.
 There is a strong bond between the brothers.
 That tendency is strong among Americans.
 The chief clerk is not a hardworking man, but gets ahead rapidly because he knows how to curry favor with his superiors.
 The army was involved in a number of brilliant actions during the battle.
 The army made inroads into the neighboring country.
 The army slowly advanced across the river.
 The troops had plenty of arms.
 The troops easily put down the rebellion.
 The force held out bravely against their enemy's attacks.
 The trainee could hardly bear the burden of the task.
 The exercises did her good.
 The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
 After examining the bear at leisure, I made a rush on him.
 The bear ran after me.
 The bear is quite tame and doesn't bite.
 May I use the shoe polish?
 The hosiery factory produces 600,pairs of socks a day.
 Air those shoes!
 Those shoes won't do for climbing.
 Those shoes are out of date.
 These shoes are too expensive.
 The shoes were made of some soft stuff that looked like leather.
 Those shoes have been reduced.
 I was surprised at how expensive the shoes were.
 The shoes match this white skirt.
 The vacant lot is laid out as a park.
 If the shoe fits....
 Did you pay for those shoes?
 The airport is in Osaka Bay.
 The empty house was full of dust.
 The bank has raised its dividend by 20%.
 The bank has branches in all parts of the country.
 The bank opens at a.m. and closes at p.m.
 Where is the bank?
 You can easily find the bank.
 Is the bank far from here?
 The branch offices of the bank are located all over Japan.
 We have an account with the bank.
 Will you show me the way to the bank?
 The rich man bought a Millet.
 The rich friend gave him the cold shoulder.
 His admission that he had stolen the money astonished his family.
 The money is at your disposal.
 The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.
 Put the money in the bank.
 I've spent all the money.
 The money is to be applied to the debt.
 The money was stolen from his briefcase.
 I halved the money with my pal.
 I'll lend you money, but mind you, this is the last time.
 The money was appropriated for building the gymnasium.
 The money will go a good way towards my school expenses.
 The money was divided among the three.
 You have to use the money wisely.
 The money belongs to the company.
 We divided the money between us.
 None of the money is mine.
 The greater part of the money was spent.
 All of the money is reserved for emergencies.
 All the money was spent on clothes.
 The industrious merchant worships his ancestors.
 I remember hearing that music somewhere.
 The piece was arranged for piano and orchestra.
 Have you ever heard that music played on the guitar?
 The industry has seen many booms and busts in the past.
 The bridge is built of wood.
 The bridge is thirty meters in width.
 The bridge is closed to traffic.
 The bridge has a span of meters.
 That bridge has been out of use for a long time.
 The bridge is under construction.
 The bridge is still under construction.
 How long is the bridge?
 The bridge was broken after just one day.
 The bridge will give way under such a heavy load.
 The bridge is far down the river.
 The bridge must be built in six months.
 The bridge is so made that it may open in the middle.
 The bridge is approximately a mile long.
 The bridge saved them a lot of time and trouble.
 The bridge saved us a lot of time.
 The professor is familiar with contemporary literature.
 The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.
 The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand him.
 The professor is noted for his study of Shakespeare.
 That professor is an authority on Shakespeare.
 The professor was unable to comprehend what I meant.
 The party was held in the professor's honor.
 The classroom was so noisy I didn't hear my name called.
 The teachers greeted the little boys.
 The teacher is always finding fault with his students.
 The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
 The teacher affirmed the decision of the student council.
 The teacher aroused our interest.
 The teacher always thinks highly of the students who try to think, "Why?".
 The teacher was deluged with questions.
 The lesson was driven into my head.
 It is worthwhile remembering the moral.
 The church stands on the hill.
 The church stands on a hill.
 The church was built hundreds of years ago.
 The church is built in Gothic style.
 The church dates back to 1173.
 It is frightening beyond description.
 Dozens of people were injured in the terrible accident.
 The fearful noise astonished anyone coming for the first time.
 The robber escaped being punished.
 The center fielder shifted his position for the slugger.
 The cry roused me from my sleep.
 The institution advertised on TV for volunteers.
 The association has excluded amateurs ever since its foundation.
 The president of the republic is chosen by the people.
 The stadium is accessible by bus.
 The athlete seemed immune from fatigue.
 Congratulations on coming first in the competition.
 In the contest he fully displayed what ability he had.
 I will keep the fish alive.
 That fish lives in fresh water.
 That fish travels in a group, don't they?
 The fish tasted like salmon.
 Please freeze the fish and meat.
 The fishermen cast their nets into the sea.
 The fisherman saved himself by means of a floating board.
 The huge building seemed to touch the sky.
 The giant was not loved by anybody.
 The milk tastes sour.
 The pay is not adequate for a family of six.
 The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
 The stadium is adjacent to the school.
 The express train picked up speed gradually.
 The relief pitcher was no substitute for the ace.
 Visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today.
 All the schools are closed on that holiday.
 The hills were covered with snow.
 The hill commands a fine view.
 The hills were full of pretty flowers.
 The top of the hill is flat.
 There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
 You can ski on that hill.
 The hill overlooked the sea.
 The playwright cherishes the vivid memories of his childhood.
 The cabin attendant is good at flattery.
 The customer rejected everything that I showed her.
 The guest was not ashamed of his silly conduct at all.
 The customer contended that she had been cheated.
 I'm going to attend to the customer.
 The good news spread through the village quickly.
 The argument weighed with him.
 The argument will not hold.
 The argument is full of holes.
 What is the basis for the argument?
 I had him in that discussion.
 The argument has no force.
 A discussion of the proposal seems to be in order.
 I took his side in the argument.
 The member of the Diet brought in a bill on political contribution, but it didn't pass.
 The victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake.
 The engineer thought of a new model.
 The engineer told us how to use the machine.
 The play was not well acted.
 The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
 This rite is part of their religion.
 The ceremony went off well.
 The ceremony is to turn away evil spirits.
 The knight is not so much brave as reckless.
 We must go back to the Middle Ages to trace the origin.
 Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.
 The aristocrat clings to the glory of his past.
 Those records are not accessible to the public.
 The time spent to see the monument is short.
 The reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press.
 The journalist was calm even in an emergency.
 That reporter has a nose for news.
 Read through the article.
 This account does not agree with the facts.
 The press ban on the case was removed yesterday.
 The article alludes to an event now forgotten.
 The article was an invitation for public protest against the newspaper.
 Can't you sit the story out for a while?
 The article covers all the events at the fair.
 The sign means that the answer is correct.
 The rule does not apply to his case.
 The regulation was abolished, but then it was reenacted.
 The rule is utterly inflexible.
 The rule should be revised.
 You must keep to the rules.
 The rule doesn't hold well in our case.
 The rules were recently relaxed.
 Is that rule applicable to us foreigners?
 The rule does not apply in our case.
 The rule holds good in this case.
 That rule holds good in this particular case.
 That rule holds good in all cases.
 Those rules fostered discontent among students.
 There are cases where the rule does not hold good.
 The rule doesn't apply in this case.
 The train should reach Osaka by ten.
 The liner called at Hong Kong.
 There were a few passengers in the train who were injured in the accident.
 The gas gives off a strong, bad smell.
 The gas was compressed into a gas cylinder.
 This gas gives off a bad smell.
 The climate affected his health.
 Come and see me anytime you want to.
 If he doesn't want to learn, we can't make him.
 Its mechanism will cease to work.
 The institution was established in the late 1960s.
 Magnetic force drives the mechanism.
 Let's analyze the machine.
 It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
 The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
 The machine has some of its parts missing.
 The machine generates a lot of electricity.
 The machine has been out of order since last month.
 The machine is so delicate that it easily breaks.
 The machine works by itself.
 The machine takes a lot of room.
 The machine is lying idle.
 The machine is now in operation.
 The machine is out of order.
 The machine operates around the clock.
 The machine operates all day long.
 The machine is safely in operation.
 The machine was coated with dust.
 The machine, which is excellent, has a good reputation.
 There must be something wrong with the machine.
 In addition to classifying the data, the machine also checks the figures.
 The machine is used in this way.
 Something is always going wrong with the machine.
 The machinery was produced by American company.
 The machine broke because he had not looked after it properly.
 The function of the machine is to save work.
 Could you show me how to use that machine?
 The frame of the machine should be rigid.
 The machine will save you much time and labor.
 Take the battery off the machine.
 I figured out why the machine wouldn't work.
 The chance was fully taken advantage of.
 Please move the desk to the left.
 The desk is made of wood.
 The desk has three drawers.
 The desk is too small for Meg.
 The desk is in a state of total disorder.
 There is food on the desk.
 The surface of the peculiar object is fairly rough.
 The strange sound raised her from her bed.
 The basic meaning of it remains the same.
 The enterprises carried the five-day workweek.
 The corporation set up a dummy company.
 There's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
 They have taken great pains to finish the project, I hear.
 The plan is subject to his approval.
 I've spoken amply about the project.
 The attempt ended in failure.
 What's that look for?
 The face will leave in you an utterly different impression.
 Don't step on that rock. It's going to fall.
 The rock projected over us like a roof.
 There were no holds for hand or foot on the rock.
 How much were the glasses?
 The mistake cost him his head.
 I was there all the time.
 By then Tony was in his middle sixties and still able to work hard, but he had a brand-new truck now, a new mower, a lot of other equipment and three people helping him.
 The can will do for an ashtray.
 She did nothing but cry all the while.
 The nurse cared for the patient very tenderly.
 The nurse attended the patient.
 The nurse substituted for the doctor who caught a terrible cold.
 The nurse put a bandage gently around my head.
 The director is sensitive to criticism.
 That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
 That institution must be protected.
 The practice should be done away with.
 There is no one to attend to that patient.
 The patient requires constant care.
 The patient is recovering from his illness.
 The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
 The patient is in critical condition.
 The patient fainted at the sight of blood.
 The patient is in danger.
 The patient was in danger.
 The patient felt none the better for having taken the new pills.
 The patient felt the worse for having taken the pills.
 That patient may die at any time.
 The patient may pass away at any moment.
 The patient is always complaining of a headache.
 The patient is much the same as yesterday.
 Many peasants died during the drought.
 In the drought, many people and animals starved to death.
 The great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
 The end of which there were two little sketches of rhetoric and logic, the latter finishing with a specimen of a dispute in the Socratic method.
 The bag was too heavy for me to carry by myself.
 Whoever finds the bag must bring it here.
 Neither of those two students passed the test.
 The band entertained the spectators at the parade.
 The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
 The students missed class three times in a row.
 The students rebelled against the government.
 Since the student has worked very hard, he is making rapid progress.
 The student majors in philosophy.
 The student insulted the teacher.
 The student was kind enough to show me the way.
 The student is working at sociology.
 The student gave himself up to despair.
 The student concentrated on his subject.
 The student arrived after the examination was over.
 The student may have copied the figures in a hurry.
 Being a science student, one naturally thinks quickly, so the student snapped up and replied.
 The students were all looking forward to summer vacation.
 The student speaks English a little.
 The student failed to account for the mistake.
 The student ordered the book from New York.
 The student was punished for cheating.
 The student took to heart the judge's critical comments on his speech.
 The student's cheating was easily caught out.
 When I asked the college student if he regularly attended his school, he was at a loss for an answer.
 The students are apt to make the same mistakes.
 All the students study English.
 The speech made by the student was interesting.
 The scholar spent what little money he had on books.
 The learned man worships his ancestors.
 The scholar is an authority on fiscal policy.
 The scholar carried on his lifework.
 The scholar carried out his lifework at the age of seventy.
 The scholar regards so-called compulsory education as useless.
 The speech of the scholar is well worth listening to.
 The school has turned out many inventors.
 The school supplies the students with books.
 The school is a half-mile walk from my house.
 That school is equipped with the latest gymnastics apparatus.
 Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
 The school is located on a hill.
 The school is located at the foot of a hill.
 The school looks like a prison.
 The school was founded seventy years ago.
 This school was founded in 1970.
 The school was established in 1650.
 Bear in mind that that school is an integrated junior high and high school.
 The school should do away with the uniform.
 Every child in the school took to the new teacher.
 The level of the school is high.
 I inquired at the school only to find there was no student by the name of Yamada.
 The school boasts a fine swimming pool.
 There are 2,students in the school.
 The school is equipped with four computers.
 When the school needed a new teacher, he applied for the position.
 The school needed a new teacher.
 The school does not allow students to smoke on campus.
 The leather jacket has worn out at the elbow.
 The cabinet minister wound up submitting his resignation.
 Turn left at the corner.
 Turn left at the next corner, and you'll find the station.
 Turning the corner, you will find my house.
 The town was full of activity.
 The sea came in sight of us as we turned the corner.
 The town is situated 1,meters above sea level.
 The shops in the street were for the most part closed.
 There is a very old temple in the town.
 The cliff hangs over the road.
 The cliff is almost vertical.
 The foreigner comes from Scotland.
 I thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude.
 The foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were her mother tongue.
 The foreigner didn't know Japanese at all.
 The foreigner speaks Japanese fairly well.
 The foreigner soon got used to Japanese food.
 The surgeon operated on the patient.
 You must not go up the stairs.
 I found the picture interesting.
 The painting is not worth the price you are asking.
 The painting turned out to be a Turner.
 The painting is the work of a Dutch master.
 I never see that picture without being reminded of my hometown.
 The picture reminds me of my school days.
 The picture set her wondering.
 When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
 Please let me have a look at those pictures.
 I've seen that picture before.
 The picture is true to life.
 The pictures are of her own painting.
 The drawing was mounted in a fancy frame.
 The picture was wonderful.
 The painting was the object of admiration.
 The painting will cost at least 1,dollars.
 The picture looks nicer from a distance.
 That picture doesn't seem ugly to me; on the contrary, I think it's rather beautiful.
 The picture has been drawn well as yet.
 This painting has poor composition.
 The picture of beauty beyond description.
 The picture is hung upside down.
 The picture has already been finished by him.
 The painting is all but finished.
 The picture was painted by Picasso.
 The picture is presumed to have been painted by Picasso.
 The picture is good in its way.
 The picture was wonderful. You ought to have seen it.
 The picture was hung upside down.
 The picture is colorful in contrast with this one.
 The cost of the painting is very high.
 The price of the picture is pounds.
 We cannot rate the picture highly enough.
 There is a castle in the background of the picture.
 I like neither of the pictures.
 I can see some intricate patterns in the picture.
 The picture has a charm of its own.
 I paid only a trifle for the picture.
 The picture was priced at 200,yen.
 Can you see the picture?
 The neighborhood is alive with activities.
 They are building a long bridge across the channel.
 People call the sea the Mediterranean.
 The ghost story was terrifying.
 The injured man is now at rest.
 The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
 The broken doll is mine.
 The memoir breathes the deepest respect for his father.
 The newscaster puts too much emphasis on the food crisis.
 It doesn't require a scholar to interpret.
 The firm has made large profits from exports.
 The company closes its books at the end of March.
 The company provides them with uniforms.
 The company suffered a 15% drop in sales.
 The company is incorporated in Japan.
 That company ranks No. in Japan.
 The company wants to employ people.
 The company went bankrupt.
 There's another rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy.
 The company manufactures electrical goods.
 The company aims to branch out into China.
 That company is on the rocks because of bad debts.
 The company has branches in all large cities.
 The company suffered a great loss.
 The company is located in the suburbs of Osaka.
 The company was absorbed into a big business.
 The company suffered a heavy loss.
 The company was forced to lay off many employees.
 The company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
 The company is owned by a group of entrepreneurs who started it right after the war.
 The company is located on the West Coast.
 The company suffered big losses.
 The firm has bought some new cars.
 The company is bringing out a new kind of sports car.
 The company was transferred to a new man.
 The company published a new magazine.
 How did the company dream up its new ad campaign?
 The company has purchased a new computer system.
 The company always strives to satisfy its customers.
 The company invited their prospective customers to the party.
 The firm provides its workers with their uniforms, but they are expected to have them regularly cleaned.
 The company dropped five employees.
 That company deals mainly in imported goods.
 How many cars has that company bought?
 The company employs new staff seasonally.
 The company laid off twenty percent of its work force; therefore, expenses decreased.
 The company stands for free trade.
 The company didn't make any effort to improve its business practices.
 That company is, in effect, bankrupt.
 The company was started with $100,in capital.
 The company couldn't fill my order.
 The firm has recently diversified its products so as to extend its market.
 The company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
 The firm is known for its high-quality products.
 The company manufactures a wide variety of musical instruments.
 The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
 The firm decided to do away with the old machinery.
 The company has changed hands three times.
 The company introduced Japanese methods into its business.
 The firm publishes educational books.
 Having fallen victim to increased competition, the company went bankrupt.
 The company is losing money heavily.
 The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.
 The company couldn't cope with sudden changes.
 It's all up with the firm.
 The firm is under foreign management.
 The company turned him down for no apparent reason.
 The company is our wholly-owned subsidiary.
 What does the company produce?
 That company is one of the best in the business.
 The company will soon go bankrupt.
 The company once again went into the red. It is beyond saving.
 The firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing.
 The company will hold a presentation of the new model tomorrow.
 The company will advertise its new product on television.
 The company has already established its fame as a robot manufacturing company.
 The company has cut a figure in the computer industry.
 The company is trying to improve its image.
 The company is 51% owned by American capital.
 The company employs workers.
 The company has decided to employ two new secretaries.
 The company develops new products every other month.
 The company was founded in 1974.
 The company was established in by the incumbent chairman.
 The company is wholly owned by the local government.
 The company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services.
 Workers at the company went on a strike.
 The company's profit amounted to $million before tax.
 The company's profitability improved.
 The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
 The company has a capital of 500,pounds.
 The strength of the firm is attributed to its future-oriented strategy.
 The rapid growth of the firm was attributed to its unique strategy.
 The company shares give a high yield.
 The big promotion of that company's stock was just a cover-up to hide their impending bankruptcy.
 This company's stock closed at yen yesterday.
 The company's financial year runs from April until March of the following year.
 Only members of the company are entitled to use the facilities.
 He had not been employed by the company three years before he become a director.
 It has been unofficially decided that I will be employed by the company.
 He got into the habit of smoking soon after he got a job in the company.
 The company has hard and fast rules against lateness.
 The company is open for equity participation by anybody.
 The company has three hospitals of its own.
 Millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company.
 There is a scheme to expand the company.
 Every man and woman in the company is well trained.
 The "retired" president of that company runs the whole show from behind the scenes, so the current president is nothing but a figurehead.
 The meeting, in short, was a waste of time.
 The meeting was held as intended at the outset.
 The meeting will be held next week at the earliest.
 The meeting took place last week.
 I thought that meeting would never conclude.
 The meeting was put off because John was sick.
 The meeting is all over.
 The meeting is to be held here tomorrow.
 The meeting will take place tomorrow.
 The meeting was called off.
 Those present at the meeting were surprised at the news.
 A variety of people gathered at the meeting.
 Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
 It is desirable that you should attend the meeting.
 We had better not attend the meeting.
 At the meeting he said a lot, but his argument did not hold water.
 I acted as interpreter at the meeting.
 The first speech was given at the convention by none other than Clint Eastwood, the famous actor.
 No suspicion may be attached to the accountant.
 The meeting room is in use now.
 We adjourned the meeting until the following Friday.
 The meeting has been fixed for next week.
 The conference takes place annually.
 The conference was presided over by Mr Mori.
 The meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side.
 The conference passed off well.
 The conference was scheduled for March, but it has been put off till April.
 There were thirty people present at the meeting.
 Were you present at the meeting?
 Many persons were attending the conference.
 The conference drew diplomats.
 The meeting is held annually.
 The meeting was not particularly well attended.
 The meeting will be held at 10:a.m. on Saturday.
 The meeting can't be held until Monday at earliest.
 The party ended at ten o'clock.
 That party was held under the auspices of the Foreign Ministry.
 The meeting is held once in three years.
 The meeting is to be held at three.
 I applied for membership in the association.
 I had expected him at the meeting.
 I didn't commit myself to attend the meeting.
 I will present myself at the meeting.
 Everybody was bright at the party.
 They are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery.
 The painter went to Paris with the object of studying painting.
 The artist has an individualistic style of painting.
 The painter died young.
 The artist always painted alone.
 The artist is eternally a boy.
 Her kingdom is your hell.
 I explained the process to him.
 There is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government.
 The freight was insured against all risks.
 We will discuss that later.
 The flower garden needs watering.
 Have you gone over the lesson?
 The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase.
 The flowers give off a very pleasant perfume.
 The flower died for want of water.
 The flower comes out in early spring.
 The flower died for lack of water.
 The flowers were very beautiful to look at.
 Its flower is beautiful, but it bears no fruit.
 The flower is opening.
 The flowers are protected against the weather.
 The flower gave out a sweet smell.
 The flower is alive with bees.
 Put those flowers wherever we can see them well.
 Focus your camera on the flower.
 It took a long time to put out the fire.
 The fire devoured the town.
 The fire was brought about by children's playing with matches.
 The fire is remembered in history.
 The fire was soon extinguished.
 A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
 He was the only person to survive the fire.
 The fire consumed the whole house.
 The fire reduced the house to ashes.
 Not all the houses around here were burned down in the fire.
 Seven families were burned out by the fire.
 The fire destroyed the tall building.
 The volcano poured molten rock.
 The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
 The volcano erupts at regular intervals.
 The volcano has erupted twice this year.
 The volcano may erupt at any moment.
 The singer was standing by in the studio.
 The singer has a beautiful voice.
 The singer is going to be a hit.
 Attention centered on the singer.
 The singer is famous not only in Japan but also in Europe.
 That singer is popular with girls.
 The singer is very popular with teenage fans.
 That singer is very popular with young people.
 The singer is popular among young people.
 That singer is a teenage idol.
 The singer was known to young people.
 The singer is known to everybody at our school.
 One of these days the singer will be famous.
 The singer is known to everyone.
 The singer, who is from Okinawa, is very popular among young people.
 The singer is as famous as Madonna.
 The singer was at his best in that song.
 The singer fought his way through the crowd of fans.
 The singer's voice melts your heart.
 When the singer appeared on stage, the audience gave him the Bronx cheer, because he dumped his wife for another woman.
 It is a pity that the singer died so young.
 There was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage.
 That song always reminds me of my childhood.
 The song always reminds me of my childhood.
 That song reminds me of a certain girl.
 The song reminds me of my young days.
 The song called up my childhood.
 That song reminds me of my childhood.
 The song reminds me of my home.
 The song always reminds of my childhood.
 That song reminds me of a famous movie actor.
 Let's sing the song in English.
 The song caught on with the public.
 The song is at once sad and beautiful.
 The song descended from a legend.
 The song was a big hit.
 The song appealed to young people.
 That song sounds familiar to me.
 The song is familiar to us.
 The song is now very familiar to us.
 The song is well known to everybody.
 How does the song go?
 How does that song go?
 The fruit went bad.
 The song had a melody that went like this.
 The fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste.
 The fruit is still too sour to eat.
 The fruit smells delicious.
 The scientist found out laws.
 The scientist was working on a new experiment.
 The scientist searched for the bones of the dinosaurs in the valley.
 The scientist gave himself up to his experiment.
 The scientist tried to discover Nature's laws.
 The scientist is famous both at home and abroad.
 The scientist is working on atomic energy.
 The scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe.
 The scientist explained the strange phenomena in the light of recent scientific knowledge.
 The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
 The family lived a wretched life during the war.
 The family has been cursed with poor health.
 The family ate dinner together.
 The family received me very warmly.
 Losing their breadwinner was a shock to that family, but the insurance money helps a lot.
 Everybody in that family has a car of their own.
 The family lived in the depths of misery.
 The family's circumstances are not easy.
 It is very important to consider the cultural background of the family.
 The family love one another.
 The family seemed to be under a curse.
 There was a five-year-old girl in the family.
 The furniture belongs to my mother.
 It took a lot of energy to move the furniture.
 You had better go over the house before you take it.
 We went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
 We went over the house thoroughly before buying it.
 The house is not ideal, but it's all right.
 The house is now under construction.
 The house stands among trees.
 The house had its roof ripped off by the storm.
 The house was being painted by my father.
 The house is owned by him.
 The house is painted white.
 The house has been sold.
 The house is on sale.
 The house has been bought.
 The house was ablaze.
 The house could accommodate two families.
 The house has a southern aspect.
 As the house has a southern aspect, it is very sunny.
 The house was ablaze with lights.
 The house was on the verge of collapse.
 The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
 The house was more expensive than I had expected.
 You'll find the house empty.
 The house requires repairs.
 The house requires large repairs.
 The house is to let.
 The house is heated by solar energy.
 The house is anything but comfortable to live in.
 The house was burned to ashes.
 The house verges on the river.
 The house is built of red bricks.
 The house is made of stone.
 The house was built several hundred years ago.
 The house was as dark as dark.
 The house is being painted by a professional.
 The house has burnt down.
 The house was destroyed by fire.
 The house is comfortable to live in.
 The house was pleasant to live in.
 The house was burnt to ashes.
 The house is under repairs.
 The house is in need of repair.
 The house is too big for us, and what is more, it is too expensive.
 That house is not satisfactory for my needs.
 The house exactly corresponds with my needs.
 I don't think the house is as big as we hoped.
 The house is not occupied now.
 The house is screened from view with a high fence.
 The house seemed about to collapse at any moment.
 The house looked very dismal.
 The house was raided by the police.
 Tom's house is near the church he goes to.
 The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
 The house stood on the hill.
 The house stands on the hill.
 The house looks circular, but it isn't a complete circle.
 The house deprived us of light.
 The house was altogether destroyed by the fire.
 The house is insured against fire.
 The house was in a blaze.
 The house stands by itself.
 The house went cheap.
 The house was built of bricks.
 That house looks nice.
 That house needs repainting.
 The house is built in European style.
 The house was very badly built.
 The house is quite run down.
 The house is being built now.
 The house is not in very good condition.
 The house gets painted every five years.
 The house is too small for five people to live in.
 The house is two miles off.
 It seemed that that house was small if it was compared with the cottage which he lived in even recently.
 My house, which I bought ten years ago, still looks new.
 The interior of the house was very attractive.
 There is a river beside the house.
 The house is fenced around.
 The house had a stone wall around it.
 They think the owner of the house is studying abroad.
 The cost of the house was figured out at fifty pounds.
 The roof of the house is red.
 The roof of the house let in the rain.
 The maintenance of the house costs a lot.
 Everything in that house revolved upon Aunt Mary.
 When the house caught fire, an awful feeling came over me.
 The house caught fire.
 The house is said to be haunted.
 The house gave no sign of life.
 There was no sign of life in the house.
 There is too much furniture in the house.
 The house is next door but one.
 She was alone with her baby in the house.
 Once out of sight of the house, he began to run.
 Its value had trebled.
 The hypothesis is based on the thorough experiments.
 The musical program has gone off very well.
 The musician began to play the violin on the stage.
 The musician is enjoying great popularity both in Japan and in America.
 The musician is famous abroad as well as in Japan.
 The music evokes memories of an earlier time.
 That music always reminded me of you.
 The music carried me back to my childhood.
 The music lured everyone.
 The music will carry away the girls.
 The music set my imagination to work.
 That music is worth listening to many times.
 The music doesn't appeal to us any longer.
 The music is difficult for grownups to understand.
 The music faded away.
 The beauty of the music consists of its harmony.
 That music really gets me.
 I was enchanted with the music.
 On hearing the sound, the dog rushed away.
 The noise set the dog barking.
 The sound died away.
 The noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors.
 It was getting louder and louder.
 The sound grew fainter and fainter.
 The sound was distinct from here.
 The noise frightened the baby.
 The sound was annoying but harmless to the human body.
 The noise woke me.
 My sleep was disturbed by the sound.
 The sound roused her from sleep.
 Birds flew away at the sound.
 The noise caused me to jump back.
 The noise disturbed my sleep.
 I couldn't hear the sound well.
 The timid soldier was tormented by terrible nightmares.
 The shape of the roof looks like a pyramid.
 I'll take the yellow one.
 The building whose roof you can see over there is our church.
 The king ruled the country for years.
 The king once lived in that palace.
 The king always wears a crown.
 The princess was beautiful beyond description.
 The royal wedding was a magnificent occasion.
 The kingdom was invaded by the enemy.
 The crown was set with gems.
 The king reigned over his people for forty years.
 The king reigned over the island.
 The aggressive man urged me to sign the contract.
 The death of the king brought about a war.
 The dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise.
 Don't bring that dirty dog through the kitchen.
 Pick up the pencil from the floor.
 Who was the leader of the expedition?
 We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.
 No sooner had the monkey caught sight of him than it jumped up to his shoulders.
 The chimney is belching black smoke.
 The chimney is made of brick.
 The flame has begun to fade.
 The musician beat his drums loudly.
 The performance got get terrific applause from the audience.
 The speech deeply affected the audience.
 The speech was greeted by loud cheers.
 The station is almost empty during what would normally be the afternoon rush.
 The station is kilometers from my house.
 The station is far from here.
 I'll let you know when we come to the station.
 A seat became vacant at that station.
 So far no less than people have died of the plague.
 Thousands of people died during the plague.
 The liquid gave off a strong smell.
 The liquid does not strain well.
 The liquor gave off a sickly odor.
 Its sharp claws began to open and close, open and close.
 The hero's speech touched the entire audience.
 The satellite made orbits of the earth.
 This English essay is suspiciously good!
 The English scholar is not conscious of his lack of common sense.
 The English lesson started at 8:30.
 Let's sing the English song.
 The image is not in focus.
 That movie star has many fans.
 The cinema was filled with people.
 Go along this street, and you'll find the movie theater.
 That movie theater always shows good movies.
 The director used his power to arrange a special place in the cinema world.
 Do you remember seeing the movie together before?
 We must see the movie again to do it justice.
 It took several months to shoot that film.
 I have had no chance to see the movie.
 You should have seen the film.
 I saw the film, which was not so good.
 I prefer going for a walk to seeing the movie.
 I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
 The movie moved her to tears.
 I didn't know the actor until I saw the movie.
 I wish I had seen the film.
 Whoever saw the movie was shocked.
 I found the film interesting.
 I remember seeing the movie.
 Did you ever see that movie?
 I saw the film and found it interesting.
 I missed seeing the film. Did you see it?
 How many times did you see the movie?
 I want to see the movie again.
 It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
 If the film is on at your place, do go and see it.
 The movie was good.
 The movie was much more enjoyable than Hemingway is.
 The movie was interesting.
 The film was not a success in Japan.
 The movie was a big draw at the box office.
 The film was a great success.
 The film is going over big with audiences.
 I remember seeing the movie before.
 The movie is X-rated.
 Only adults may watch that film.
 The picture is on now.
 The film made us laugh, but it was not really exciting to watch.
 The movie was interesting to all of us.
 The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.
 This movie is suitable for children.
 The movie was less funny than the book.
 The movie is not so interesting as the original.
 This movie is worth seeing.
 I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
 The movie is drawing pretty well.
 I've seen the film many times, but I'd like to see it again.
 When will the film be released?
 The movie created a great sensation.
 The movie was more interesting than I expected.
 That movie will be released by and by.
 I found the film romantic.
 That movie is suitable for people of all ages.
 The film received favourable criticism.
 How did you like the film?
 That movie was shown on television.
 The movie thrilled the entire audience.
 The film scooped up three awards at the Cannes film festival.
 The movie is a stereotyped sob story.
 That movie is exciting.
 The film was not what I had thought it was.
 They have cast the movie.
 The movie was cast mostly with Americans.
 How does the film end?
 I was excited by the movie.
 The movie received mixed reviews.
 You are certain to be moved deeply by the movie.
 The movie gained her great popularity.
 The movie costarred two great actresses.
 The movie star ate crow many times because of all the thoughtless things she said.
 Their influence becomes greater every day, but they are uncreative and can't make value judgements.
 The salesman learned to be punctual for appointments.
 The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
 The athletic meet is an annual event.
 The exercise took years off me.
 The movement added a new page to the history of Japan.
 This movement had a great impact on the behavior of women.
 The movement is rapidly gaining ground.
 The driver couldn't have stopped at the signal.
 The driver really screwed up the team when he drove them to the wrong playing field in a different town.
 The canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
 The rumor isn't true.
 The rumor cannot be true.
 The rumor is believed to be true.
 The rumor may be true.
 The rumor spread all over the town.
 The rumor is only too true.
 The rumor spread throughout the country.
 The rumor became common property.
 The rumour has already spread.
 The rumor was without foundation.
 That rumor soon spread.
 The gossip hurt his reputation.
 The rumor cannot have been true.
 It is doubtful whether the rumor is true or not.
 The crow flew away.
 The space telescope will help us know the universe much better than before.
 The astronaut was slow to get used to the condition of weightlessness.
 The astronaut was seen to land on the moon.
 The astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle.
 The spaceship was never to return to the earth.
 They accredit him with the secret charity.
 Read this passage.
 Translate the passage word for word.
 The party went on walking to the next village.
 The party was composed of six girls and four boys.
 There are five Russians among the party.
 Her application to join the party was rejected.
 I can't tell if the party will return tomorrow.
 The party had no sooner started than it began to rain.
 The party had hardly left when it began to rain.
 The apparent truth was really a lie.
 The affair will come to a happy conclusion.
 The blow caught him in the stomach.
 The blow made me see stars.
 The family property was distributed among the relatives.
 One of them is gestures.
 The well is dry.
 The doctor, who is well off, is not satisfied.
 The doctor would not take any gifts from the poor.
 The doctor cured her of her disease.
 The doctor advised that she stay at home.
 The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
 The doctor made his patient relax before the operation.
 The doctor saved the four people injured in the accident.
 The doctor has saved my life.
 The doctor is a great authority on children's diseases.
 The doctor is a man of culture.
 The doctor thinks carefully before deciding what medicine to give.
 The doctor just tells me when to take each medicine.
 The doctors are engaged in cancer research.
 The doctor did a good job on my leg.
 The doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this.
 The doctor performed the operation.
 We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.
 The doctor's office is on the second floor.
 The doctor did everything possible as a physician to save the life of the dying child; he also gave his blood to help the child weather the storm.
 The doctor is trying to solve many of the riddles of cancer.
 The medical congress was held in Kyoto.
 The dead body was identified by a mole on the cheek.
 The ruins are worth visiting.
 The will was declared void by the court.
 Can you see the difference?
 The chair is not near the window.
 I can make nothing of it.
 I can't seize the meaning.
 The idea is typical of him.
 The committee was composed entirely of young teachers.
 The committee consists of fifteen people.
 The committee is composed chiefly of professors.
 The committee rejected the proposal on the ground that it was impractical.
 The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
 The committee consists of five members.
 The committee adopted the plan.
 The committee has something to do with this plan.
 The committee consists of seven scholars.
 The committee consists of four members.
 The committee is made up of ten members.
 The committee man is a dentist in private life.
 The great politician passed away in 1963.
 A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
 He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
 The client went running into the office.
 I can't approve the plan.
 The proposal went through.
 Do you have any idea who we should single out for the position?
 His idea wasn't usable.
 We had a dinner of a kind at the cheap restaurant.
 The idea was brought into shape.
 The notorious criminal was caught yesterday.
 The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Roy looked solemn as I told him the story.
 The bad smell disgusted us.
 The wicked man is scared of heights.
 On hearing the bad news, she burst into tears.
 Are you ready to hear the bad news?
 The bad news is only too true.
 The patriot sticks to his moral principles.
 Her heart ached for the poor child.
 The pitiful tale fetched tears from the girl.
 The eagle spread its wings ready for flight.
 The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
 You must be careful with the wine glass.
 The word processor is easy for us to use.
 This word-processor is very convenient.
 The word processor has saved me much time.
 The robot made its way toward him.
 That robot came in handy for many things.
 The robot does whatever its master tells it to do.
 When the rock singer appeared on the stage, the audience at the concert clapped loudly.
 The rock star is an idol of the teenagers.
 The loan carries 5.5% interest.
 The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.
 Those candles burned the table.
 Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
 The reporter learned about war first hand.
 The wrestler had his right leg broken in a bout.
 The wrestler has a formidable grip.
 The restaurant goes its own way.
 The wrestler weighs over kilograms.
 The restaurant doesn't do lunch.
 You will find the restaurant on your right.
 The restaurant is a pleasant out-of-the-way spot in New York.
 That restaurant has a very nice atmosphere.
 That restaurant usually serves good food at lower prices.
 The restaurant gave us perfect service.
 The restaurant stands at the junction of two superhighways.
 The food the restaurant offered us was so cold and salty that it was far from satisfying.
 You can see the whole park from the restaurant.
 The record concert is free of charge and is open to everyone.
 Whoever wins the race will receive the prize.
 A new team was formed in order to take part in the race.
 Some famous foreign runners entered that race.
 There were fifty entries for the race.
 Only four horses competed in the race.
 He has the lead in the race.
 No less than men fell in that race.
 Will you explain the rule to me?
 The apple has begun to decay.
 That apple is bruised.
 The apple tastes sweet.
 The apple is not quite ripe yet.
 The apple appeased my hunger temporarily.
 The apple trees set very well.
 Half of the apple was rotten.
 Take either of the apples.
 The ribbon doesn't match the dress.
 The books which are on that list will be difficult to find in Japan.
 Add a few more names to the list.
 Choose from this list the things you'll need on your trip.
 That radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
 I'll give you my typewriter in exchange for that radio.
 The radio announcer had a masculine voice.
 Turn that radio down at once.
 The yacht sailed all over the world by using the force of the wind.
 The yacht is under smooth sail.
 The yacht sailed round a buoy.
 You must not misbehave so.
 Don't look at me that way.
 That is how he got out of danger.
 Making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman's cap.
 It is dangerous to wield an edged tool in such a way.
 That is the regular starting time.
 Who are you that you spoke thus to me?
 Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
 He must be a gentleman to act that way.
 That's how he escaped being hurt in the accident.
 That's how he invented the machine.
 That is how it happened.
 That's how I got to know her.
 That was why he entered the university.
 I cannot hear such a story without weeping.
 Have you ever heard such a story?
 That kind of talk will get you nowhere.
 Such a one alone can remind us of our faults.
 Such a method is out of date.
 There is little, if any, of such distribution of control.
 It cannot plausibly be argued that behaviour of such complexity derives entirely from instinct.
 No one knows when such a custom came into existence.
 We must do away with such a custom.
 I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behavior.
 Such a crime cannot be despised enough.
 Making such a judgement may lead to wrong ideas.
 Was it necessary to inflict such a punishment on him?
 That kind of remark does not befit you.
 Such secrets are always eventually revealed.
 There are such shops about.
 It is a wonder that such a man is a policeman.
 Such a man ought to succeed.
 Such men count for much in the society.
 Nothing will excuse such an act.
 Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
 Bear in mind that, under such circumstances, we have no alternative but to find another buyer.
 In such a case, you can always ask a question in return.
 Such a boy is loved by everybody.
 In such a case, restraints in fiscal policy must be brought into play.
 Such an event is quite common here.
 There seems to be little agreement as to how to preserve the evidence in such cases.
 It's my business to investigate such things.
 I am proud of having accomplished such a task.
 Such magazines have a great influence on children.
 The severity of such marks can reveal whether or not any of these people were habitually engaged in hard labor.
 Such international cooperation produced great results.
 People in such countries, especially the ASEAN countries, believe that the secret of Japan's remarkable economic growth is education.
 Such drastic economic growth cannot be sustained.
 Such conduct will give rise to suspicion.
 Few people can buy such an expensive car.
 Such actions are alien to our beliefs.
 Such conduct doesn't fit in with your reputation.
 Such behavior may bring about an accident.
 Such conduct does not become a gentleman.
 Such behavior is just like Meg.
 Such conduct would subject the offender to a heavy penalty.
 Those ideas are alien to our way of thinking.
 Hardly ever have we seen such a night!
 We had better do away with such a fixed idea.
 Such an old car was next to useless.
 It is no use making an excuse like that.
 You may as well leave such a decision to your daughter.
 Such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor.
 Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
 Although he was in such circumstances, he made his way by himself.
 Such skills could be put to many practical uses.
 Nobody knew what the machine was like.
 I was stupid to make a mistake like that.
 You must avoid making such mistakes.
 You'd better leave off such a radical idea.
 You cannot respect such a great man too much.
 I object to being treated like that.
 One must deplore such bad behavior.
 You should do away with such evil customs.
 Such trouble stems from carelessness.
 It is fortunate that you should have such a good friend.
 It is beneath him to do something like that.
 I don't care for that sort of thing.
 Never did I dream of such a thing.
 I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
 I'll see that it never happens again.
 Can such a thing happen again?
 The time when such things could happen is past.
 Do you think something like that will repeat itself?
 There were few, if any, cases.
 See to it that such a thing does not happen again.
 We need to talk about how to do it.
 The method is behind the times now.
 I was mixed up by the confusing explanation.
 The mountain is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
 The mountain is meters above sea level.
 The gangsters let him in on their plan to knock off a rival gang leader.
 The motel can accommodate as many as guests.
 The hen has laid an egg.
 The hen lays an egg almost every day.
 The hen hatched five eggs.
 Cut the melon into six equal pieces.
 The melon smells sweet and tastes very nice.
 He offered his congratulations on the happy occasion.
 The milk tasted bad.
 The milk tasted sour.
 The musical was far from being a success.
 It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket for the musical.
 We felt sorry for the error.
 The shabby compartment remained vacant.
 The shabby flat is vacant.
 Don't tell me the end of the mystery.
 Without the error, our team could have won the game.
 The orange appears rotten inside.
 I found the comic book very interesting.
 One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
 Please hold on.
 Keep straight on!
 Hold the line. I'll see if he is in.
 The town was exactly the same as before.
 The volunteer group provided the villagers with water.
 The activities of the volunteer group covered half a century.
 I couldn't bring myself to see the horror movie again.
 The bottle is filled with water.
 There is little, if any, wine left in the bottle.
 Do you know that hotel?
 The hotel has an air of luxury.
 That hotel is not all it's cracked up to be.
 The hotel is run by his uncle.
 The hotel was designed by a Japanese architect.
 The hotel adjoins a lake on the east.
 The hotel remains closed during the winter.
 The hotel has good accommodation.
 The hotel is noted for its food.
 The hotel is at the foot of a mountain.
 The hotel was hard by the lake.
 The hotel was luxurious beyond description.
 The hotel has a good prospect.
 Standing as it does on the hill the hotel commands a fine view.
 The hotel stands on a hill.
 The hotel is within easy access of the station.
 It is admitted that the hotel is the best in this area.
 Did that hotel meet your expectations?
 The hotel can accommodate fifty guests.
 The hotel can accommodate guests.
 The hotel can accommodate guests.
 The hotel can accommodate people.
 There's a bank in front of the hotel.
 The rates cover all the meals at the hotel.
 The hotel has a swimming pool, tennis courts and the like.
 The hotel has accommodation for one hundred.
 The hotel is down there.
 If you want a hotel, look, it's just down there.
 Did you book accommodation at the hotel?
 The position carries with it an attractive salary.
 The boxing match was completely one-sided, one pug was so badly mauled that his manager had to throw in the sponge.
 The bout turned out rough and neither boxer was going to win hands down.
 The boxer finally recovered consciousness, ten minutes after he had been knocked out.
 The boxer said he would knock down his opponent in the first round.
 The boxer tried to keep his head down.
 The boxer lost his weight for the match.
 The boxer received a blow to the body.
 Roll the ball to me.
 Other than that, I've been doing well.
 The hall was built in memory of the founder.
 The pole inclined to the left.
 The hall was so large as to hold more than 1,people.
 There were quite a few people in the hall.
 The boat sank during the storm.
 The boat was alongside the quay.
 The boat was at the mercy of the waves.
 The boat uses a motor for the power.
 The boat was tied with a short line.
 The boat was drifting in the ocean.
 The boat began to take in water and soon sank.
 The boat is run by the dog.
 The boat made for the harbor.
 The boat anchored near the shore.
 The boat was seen to draw apart from the others.
 That boat was full of refugees from Cuba.
 The sign on the board put me in mind of something I had to do.
 It's a more realistic plan.
 Please don't sit on that bench.
 The bell rings at eight.
 The helicopter hovered over the building.
 The snake reared its head.
 Is the snake alive or dead?
 Is it possible to acquire the bestseller in the bookstore in Akita?
 Read the note at the bottom of the page.
 The fence was painted by my father.
 The fence is painted green.
 Make that floppy uncopyable, just in case.
 The project is now in progress.
 The project is well-planned and interesting, but its immediate impact on the bottom line is not considered substantial.
 Jason, who was in charge of the project, was dismissed for corruption.
 The cost of financing of the project was very high.
 We must put the brake to further trials.
 The program should have started by now, so we'll probably miss the first half.
 It is dangerous to cross that old bridge.
 The plan has broken down.
 May I see that blouse, please?
 The grapes seem to be sour.
 Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
 The football game is on the air.
 The two men were seen to steal into the house.
 The two brothers resemble each other so much that I can hardly distinguish one from the other.
 The taller of the two went out first.
 There exists an enormous difference between the two theories.
 The twin girls are so much alike that I can't tell one from the other.
 Make that a shared folder.
 The festival will be held next week.
 Take care not to drop the bottle.
 Open the bottle.
 The bottle was filled with what looked like sand.
 Is there any salad oil in the bottle?
 Pink roses are beautiful.
 The building was totally destroyed by the earthquake.
 The building stands on the river.
 The building has not been known to us at all.
 The building is under construction.
 The buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in New York.
 The building was completely destroyed.
 The building is twenty stories high.
 The building is to be fifteen stories high, and built to resist earthquakes.
 It's at the back of the building.
 The construction of the building will be started next year.
 The man was mild of manner.
 The string is very weak.
 I managed to find a parking place right in front of the building.
 She wept when she heard the terrible news.
 The video is a real lemon!
 If those biscuits are going begging, I'll have them.
 Divide the pizza among you three.
 The clown fell down on purpose.
 The piano has a good tone.
 The piano was made of beautiful, dark brown wood.
 The piano instructor was hard on her.
 The pianist is endowed with extraordinary talent.
 The name of the pianist is known to everybody.
 The pianist played two encores.
 They were all ears while the pianist was playing.
 The baker is a good man.
 The baker's is next door to the butcher's.
 The pamphlet is free of charge.
 Mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband.
 The bungalow is approached only by a narrow path.
 The parade was led by an army band.
 It seems the volleyball player will be punished for being late for the game.
 The balcony commands a splendid view.
 The balcony juts out over the street.
 The rose gives off a sweet odor.
 The roses gave off a nice smell.
 The paragraph emphasises the message.
 The performance was low-keyed.
 That one spring carries the whole weight of the car.
 How much is the whole package?
 When you wash the bag, please do not put it in the washing machine.
 The bags were piled up behind him.
 The butter smells good.
 At the bus stop, people waited in orderly lines, but as soon as the bus pulled up, the line broke up.
 I found it difficult to solve the puzzle.
 The solution of the puzzle required no time.
 The bus transports passengers from the hotel to the airport.
 The bus stops before my house.
 The bus can carry a maximum of forty people.
 The bus was crowded.
 How many times does the bus run each day?
 The bus was behind schedule.
 The bus will take you to the center of the city.
 I didn't take that bus, so I'm not at home right now.
 There were fifty passengers on board the bus.
 The ladder was covered with dust and rust.
 The ladder was covered with mud.
 The scissors are not sharp.
 The bucket was full of water.
 Did you really bake the pie by yourself?
 The pipe conveys water from the lake to the factory.
 The hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars.
 The motorbike struck the telephone pole.
 The hike will take no less than eight hours.
 The violinist has excellent technique.
 The violinist's technique was excellent.
 The party tickets go for ten dollars and upward.
 There was no one who did not enjoy the party.
 The party was anything but pleasant.
 The party came to an end at midnight.
 The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
 The party was perfectly deadly.
 The party was organized by Mac.
 I didn't enjoy the party at all.
 When will the party take place?
 Only ten people showed up for the party.
 No student went to the party.
 He gave me some excuse for not attending the party.
 She was the last woman that I expected to see at the party.
 His behavior at the party was so humorous that I could not help laughing.
 Everybody is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
 There was not enough wine to go round at the party.
 There was enough food at the party for everyone to have some.
 Everyone was dressed in a beautiful kimono at the party.
 The party was not altogether pleasant.
 The notebook is not yours. It's his.
 The necklace is cheap at a hundred dollars.
 The rat was killed by Tom with a stick.
 I borrowed the screwdriver from a friend of mine.
 The cat will scratch you if you provoke it.
 The cat lay hidden behind the bushes.
 The cat pressed its nose against the window.
 The tie doesn't go with my dress.
 The tie goes with your jacket.
 That tie goes well with your shirt.
 That tie looks good on you.
 Your tie looks good.
 Don't put that damp towel into the bag.
 The wet shirt will soon dry up.
 The muddy track descends to a valley.
 Did you tell the news to your friends?
 As soon as she heard the news, she began to weep.
 The news made her happy.
 She sighed with disappointment at the news.
 The news paralyzed him.
 I felt like crying at the news.
 I'm sorry to hear the news.
 I cannot express how happy I was at the news.
 I could not but feel disappointed at hearing the news.
 Nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news.
 I felt very sad when I heard the news.
 I heard the news on the radio.
 When I heard the news on the radio, a chill ran down my spine.
 Boil the news down to a hundred words.
 The news proved to be true.
 The news may be true.
 The news turned out to be true.
 The news delighted him.
 The news took him by surprise.
 The news caused him to explode with anger.
 The news had an impact on him.
 The news spread all over Japan.
 The news was suppressed for the time being.
 The news spread all over the town.
 The news caused a great sensation.
 It's news to me.
 The news may well be true.
 The news spread little by little.
 The news is fiction.
 The news made me happy.
 The news was about my company, so it struck close to home.
 The news took us by surprise.
 The news turned out false.
 The news spread abroad.
 The news broke her heart.
 The news spread fast.
 The news was rushed into print.
 The news had a great impact on us.
 The news surprised us much.
 The news spread like wildfire.
 The news is of great importance.
 How did the news get out?
 The news has just come on the radio.
 The news is of little importance.
 The news is creating a stir.
 The news soon spread all over the village.
 The news soon spread abroad.
 The news brought her a lot of publicity.
 The news caused a great stir.
 The anchorman had an audience with the king.
 It is not to be denied but that the news was a great shock to her.
 The news makes us uneasy.
 Let us suppose that the news is true.
 Something horrible happened in the busy square.
 The smell penetrated through the whole school.
 The smell brought back memories of a night some years before.
 Would you scrape that rusty pan?
 The mystery still remains unsolved.
 There must be something heavy in it.
 Put that knife where the children can't get at it.
 The knife has a very sharp edge.
 The knife was covered in blood.
 The knife has a keen blade.
 It takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel.
 The tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day.
 You look nice in that dress.
 The dress fits her form.
 The dress is too expensive. Can't you sweeten the deal a little?
 The dress is of silk.
 The dress suits you very well.
 The dress becomes you very well.
 The dress allured her into the store.
 How much did you pay for the dress?
 The dress was most becoming to her.
 The trunk was too heavy for him to manage.
 The drama brought a lump to my throat.
 The drama differs from the original story.
 The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
 The truck carried a load of furniture.
 The load of the truck was in excess of three tons.
 The truck is powered by a diesel engine.
 It took several hours to clear the mess left from the wreck of the truck and several cars.
 The truck ran over a boy.
 The driver was charged with speeding.
 Then a good idea came into my mind.
 The curtain was rising then.
 They were watching the sunset then.
 Then they played Jump The Daisies and Run Through The Clover.
 Then they picked dandelions and put them in their ears.
 Then he came to his senses.
 Just then his boss came in and cut him down to size.
 I felt like talking to somebody then.
 Then all of a sudden a good idea came to me.
 The sun was coming up then.
 Was the baby crying then?
 I met him then for the first time.
 Only then did I realize it.
 It happened that we were in London then.
 I was not conscious what in fact I was doing then.
 I was eighteen then.
 I could not tell what I should do then.
 Only I was able to jump across the stream then.
 Luck smiled on us then.
 Then I found I had left my wallet at home.
 The thermometer reads degrees.
 If I had been able to speak English then, I would not have been made fun of.
 I have got acquainted with him since then.
 By that time he will have seen much of the world.
 I was happy then.
 I realized it only then.
 At the time, she gave no thought to her mother.
 Why didn't you do so at that time?
 The glaring light is hurtful to the eyes.
 Mr Jones said something then.
 Then I felt that my parents really loved me.
 Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were tired and thirsty.
 The boy turned around then.
 If you do it that way you won't be mistaken.
 The door opens into the bedroom.
 The doors fold back.
 The door is sometimes open.
 The door opened of itself.
 The door locks automatically.
 I found it hard to close the door.
 The door shut of its own accord.
 The door gives access to the kitchen.
 You should have seen the program on TV.
 The television show was interrupted by a special news report.
 New problems are often brought up on that TV programme.
 I bought the TV from her.
 The TV is on the blink.
 That television is both big and expensive.
 That TV is too loud.
 The manufacturer of the television set is a Japanese company.
 Is there anything wrong with that television?
 The drama on TV was so popular that it stirred up people's interest in the period.
 The TV commercial is drawing well.
 Nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration.
 The department store is always packed with customers.
 There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
 I found the test difficult.
 The result of the test brought home to me how little I had learned.
 In my anxiety to pass the test, I studied all night.
 Nobody got zero in that test.
 For this design house it was an appropriate strategy to introduce even more radical colors into computer production.
 Let's listen to the tape.
 The event has fixed firmly in my mind.
 Will you play the tape?
 The tape recorder has recorded his voice.
 The table doesn't take much room.
 Could you hand me the newspaper on the table?
 Will you put the glasses on the table?
 The data was completely useless.
 The data has been fed into the computer.
 I didn't mean that.
 Where can we go on that tour?
 How much is the tour?
 Is lunch included in the tour?
 The little girl has a doll in her hands.
 Where did you buy the ticket?
 Who coaches the team?
 The team had advantage over their opponents.
 The team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals.
 That team has never played as well as they played today.
 The team will go ahead with the plan soon.
 The team carried out the project.
 Each player on the team has his own bat.
 The manager of the team quit suddenly.
 That cheese is made from sheep's milk.
 The cheesecake tasted too sweet.
 The tanker has a small crew.
 That made him govern himself.
 Therefore many people passed away.
 I have enough time for that.
 That made the problem all the more complicated.
 And thus his attention was distracted from the sight.
 It'll cost me my job.
 Is there much water in the dam?
 There used to be a village here before the dam was made.
 The taxi abruptly turned left.
 Thanks to the taxi driver, we had a very wonderful time in London.
 It seems that the diamond is real.
 The diamond was valued at 5,dollars.
 The diamond was discovered by a boy in 1873.
 That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg.
 A man of that cut will always succeed.
 The sofa takes up too much room.
 Don't sit down on the sofa.
 The goal of the center should be to train young people from other countries within a specific time period.
 It looks nice with your trousers.
 The athlete had a strong build.
 This sport got more and more popular.
 The space shuttles were designed to go to a space station.
 The speeding car missed the child, who ran out into the road, by only a hairsbreadth.
 You should take part in that speech contest.
 I was able to grasp the main points of the speech.
 Hand me the wrench.
 No sooner had the spy returned home than he was told to go to another country.
 The spy burned the papers.
 The stewardess can speak French after a fashion.
 The steak is well done.
 He is an indispensable member for the staff.
 The skater spun round and round on the ice.
 That sukiyaki dinner was a real treat.
 The scandal was fatal to his political future.
 The scandal was an obstacle to his promotion.
 That scandal will be known to everybody in the course of time.
 The scandal robbed him of a chance to become President.
 That scandal cost him his reputation.
 The scandal detracted from his reputation.
 The skirt clings tight to her legs.
 The skirt is too wide for me.
 The soup needs more salt.
 The supermarket has a large stock of merchandise.
 The supermarket is open all days except Sunday.
 The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
 We have a wide choice of fruits at the supermarket.
 The suit becomes him well.
 One of the suitcases is completely empty.
 The serious job shortage is also affecting those illegal foreign workers.
 That white dress looks good on you.
 I am very pleased at the news.
 The shock robbed her of her speech.
 The show was an electrifying hit.
 The show was far from being a failure.
 The show will be a great feature of tonight's program.
 The show will be on the air at p.m.
 The show was pleasing to the audience.
 The show was wonderful. You should have seen it.
 The rest of the show was not particularly distinguished.
 I guarantee the success of the show.
 The audience was very much entertained by the show.
 The joke amused the audience.
 There were some who didn't see the joke.
 I had a lick at the jam.
 Wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out.
 The shirt is large for me.
 The shirt needs pressing.
 The journalist took liberties with the facts he had gathered.
 The journalist is what you call a cosmopolitan.
 The protection circuit is built into the system.
 The system is working very well now.
 A protection system has been built into this circuit.
 The gesture fetched a laugh from the audience.
 Those jets were faster than lightning.
 The German Shepherd was limping down the street.
 The jet plane reached Narita an hour late.
 The jet plane had passengers on board.
 The monkey climbed up a tree.
 The monkey took a banana by means of the stick.
 The soccer game attracted a large crowd.
 The circus entertained us very much.
 The computer is of great use.
 The computer was very useful.
 The computer is new.
 The computer is up to date.
 The computer was so outdated that it was good for nothing.
 That computer is what we call a robot.
 The computer can detect types of error.
 The computer's color is red.
 The successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer.
 The concert will take place next summer.
 The concert will take place next spring.
 The concert was broadcast live.
 The concert came to an end at ten o'clock.
 When will the concert be held?
 How did you get tickets for the concert?
 I managed to acquire two tickets for the concert.
 There must have been a large audience at the concert.
 There were a lot of people at the concert.
 I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
 At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
 She was a strong, fast runner then.
 For a day, I had been overworking myself.
 He was always drinking in those days.
 I was only a little child then.
 Long skirts were in fashion in those days.
 We didn't have TV in those days.
 At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
 I will have read the novels through by that time.
 I went to school on foot in those days.
 In those days, there were no radios.
 There was no TV or radio in those days.
 In those days, he was a student.
 The gorilla was one year old at the time.
 The columnist raked up some old gossip.
 The garbage-can gave off a bad smell.
 The garbage is giving off a terrible smell.
 The child has a keen sense of hearing.
 Tell me about it.
 I'm very sad to hear that.
 Ought I to tell it to him?
 Keep it in mind.
 The more I think of it, the less I like it.
 I am feeling up-lifted at the thought of it.
 It's up to you to decide the matter.
 Chew it over for a while and let me know what you think.
 It is no good talking about it.
 Ponder deeply over it.
 The proverb is familiar.
 The saying is quite familiar to us.
 I don't want to make an issue of it.
 That does not prevent them from taking just as many books.
 Did you learn it from him?
 Don't mention the matter to him.
 That can be said of mankind at large.
 You don't have to tell that to your parents.
 You can bet your boots on that.
 I'll leave that to you.
 I'm quite sure of that.
 I heard it on good authority.
 I said nothing about the matter.
 I can't put up with it any longer.
 Please think no more about it.
 The matter is still under discussion.
 The remark was aimed at you.
 I can never bring myself to talk about it.
 You may have heard of that.
 It must have something to do with money.
 I have a faint recollection of the event.
 The matter does not concern me.
 Let me think it over for a couple of days.
 I'll make sure of it.
 People are getting more concerned about the matter.
 She thought it was necessary that she should do something about it.
 I think she was wrong in regard to that.
 As regards the matter, I know nothing.
 There's no mistake about it.
 In addition to that, he failed the examination.
 There is no external influence in that.
 I give you my word not to tell anyone about it.
 What did Father say about it?
 I'll tell you everything about it.
 I'll let you know all about it later on.
 Tell me everything that you can think about it.
 It is no use pretending you know nothing about it.
 Could you please give me some more examples of that?
 Did he say anything about it to you?
 He is apparently responsible for it.
 I've heard all about it.
 I am to be blamed for that matter.
 I know as much about it as the man in the moon.
 I found it best to say nothing about the matter.
 There is no doubt about it.
 I agree with you about that.
 Let's discuss the matter later.
 Tell me truly what you think about it.
 Tell me as much about that as possible.
 Tell me everything about it.
 Take my word for it.
 I'll bet anybody on that.
 That reminds me of my father.
 I want to talk to him about it.
 You don't need to worry about it.
 I remember him saying something about that.
 Let there be no mistake about it.
 You leave me no choice in the matter.
 They often quarreled with their brothers and husbands over the matter.
 That shows how little we know of ourselves.
 Do you have any trouble with that?
 Something must be done about it in no time.
 You are mistaken about that.
 It is mean of you to tell a lie about it.
 I'm to be blamed for that matter.
 That adds a new dimension to our problem.
 The matter is nothing more than an accident.
 The matter weighs heavy on my mind.
 The cottage reminded me of the happy times I had spent with her.
 Don't drop that cup.
 The glass was dashed to pieces.
 There is a crack in the glass.
 The burglar was caught in the act of prying open the window.
 The coffee shop is my favorite haunt.
 The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it.
 The coffee was not much to my liking.
 That coffee smells good.
 The coffee was too hot for me to drink.
 The coffee shop is closed while the air conditioning is under repair.
 The coat is not mine.
 That coat is just the style I've been looking for.
 It is fun to play baseball.
 The coach made him a good pitcher.
 What places does that tour visit?
 The miser opened the box to find his money stolen.
 The game took on among old people.
 The game drew a good crowd.
 I found the game easy.
 How did the game come out?
 The game excited lots of people.
 Tell me how to play the game.
 I wish we had won the game.
 Two can play at that game.
 It turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game.
 Let me relieve you of that case.
 The occasion demands a cool head.
 The cake tastes sweet.
 There was some taste of lemon in the cake.
 Don't cut the cake with a knife.
 The cakes may be sold out soon.
 The group is running on the beach.
 I want some cake.
 That group is presently very active.
 The group was made up by Dick.
 The group is made up of six members.
 The group was made up of four young men.
 We didn't see any girls in the group.
 The group of people came along with us.
 The club is composed of ten women.
 Admission to the club is eagerly sought.
 The club has more than fifty members.
 That club is way too big.
 The class is too large to be taught by a single man.
 I found the glass empty.
 The class consists of fifty students.
 The class was divided into four groups.
 The class was made up of seventeen children.
 The glass is full of wine.
 The class was made up of boys and as many girls.
 Those individual members of the class do not want to be held back by others not so good at math.
 Every student in the class knows the fact.
 The number of students in the class is limited to fifteen.
 The best math students are there too, and the competition is strong.
 The spider responds with a swift attack.
 Where did you buy the shoes?
 The nail went through the wall.
 We only have secondhand information of the coup.
 That quilt is really quite a piece of work with all its fine craftsmanship.
 That glittering accessory doesn't go with your sweatshirt. Try this on!
 The campaign took his breath.
 The refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
 Refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month.
 Divide the candies among you.
 The bad-tempered man snapped at his daughter.
 Instead, I will turn to a discussion of the two economic variables I defined a moment ago.
 The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
 The poor cat was run over by a truck.
 The college is affiliated with the university.
 "What shall we do with the rubbish, Mr Wood?", asked Pip.
 The collar is too tight round my throat.
 The camera will cost at least $500.
 Something must be wrong with the camera.
 Carry the bags upstairs.
 The bag has been left behind.
 The bag was too heavy for me to move.
 The bag was too heavy to carry.
 They charged me five dollars for the bag.
 Turn to the right at the corner, and you will find it on your left.
 The cup is nice.
 The basket was filled with strawberries.
 The basket was full of apples.
 The cliff hangs over the sea.
 I regret eating those oysters.
 Don't blame the guide.
 The gown is made of silk.
 The guards must keep watch over the jewels.
 The guide is using a microphone for us to hear her better.
 The curtain wants cleaning.
 The soup in the bowl was very delicious.
 You will have heard the news.
 The outside of the castle was painted white.
 Can I entrust the task to you?
 I regret that I wasted the money.
 I'll lend you the money, but mind you, this is the last time.
 If you use the money, you will have to answer for it later.
 The money is due to him.
 The money will probably be split evenly between those two.
 The money was not honestly come by.
 The money has not been used up.
 The money should be distributed to those in need.
 The money was put into a special fund to buy books for the school library.
 I'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies.
 None of the money is yours.
 With the money he was able to buy a new car.
 As long as I know the money is safe, I will not worry about it.
 As for the money, it is all right.
 The customer insisted on a price reduction because of defects in the product.
 The oranges cost pence each.
 The orange didn't taste either sweet or sour.
 The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.
 The policeman is on duty.
 The policeman arrested the man on the spot.
 The frightened boy's heart palpitated with terror.
 The old lady believes him rich.
 The old woman has no one to help her.
 The old people make a habit of getting up early.
 The reckless girl climbed the tree regardless of danger.
 It removes misunderstandings.
 The aurora was truly remarkable.
 Wonderful was the fighting spirit of the Australian rugby team.
 The engine will not pull.
 A river runs through the long valley.
 The engine is driven by steam.
 Something is wrong with the engine.
 The elevator seems to be out of order.
 The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.
 Some of the essays are very interesting.
 The air conditioner makes too much noise.
 The rumor was nothing to him.
 The rumor must be true.
 That rumour is not true, is it?
 I think the rumor is true.
 The rumor may or may not be true.
 The rumor worked to his disadvantage.
 The rumor is abroad throughout the town.
 The rumor had no foundation in fact.
 The rumor was completely without foundation.
 The rumor turned out to be only too true.
 The rumor turned out to be groundless.
 The rumor may well be true.
 The rumors spread soon abroad.
 The report soon became known all over the country.
 The rumor disappeared right away.
 The rumor is true to some extent.
 I found the rumor to be true to a certain extent.
 The rumor has no foundation.
 The rumor can't be true.
 Don't swallow that slick propaganda.
 The naive man was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
 The howls grew louder and louder.
 You will learn to love your baby.
 The truth will be got at before long.
 Please call me and set up a date sometime.
 I'll take you there one of these days.
 It will soon come out all right.
 You will soon learn to speak English well.
 Hope we can work together soon.
 You will learn how to do it in time.
 Then the pen fell from my hand and I just listened.
 Some of them are red; others are brown.
 The facts will be known in due time.
 Pretty soon, there was an elevated train going back and forth just above the small village.
 May I visit your home one of these days?
 Three of the planes have not yet reported home.
 Would it be alright to come to visit your place soon?
 We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition.
 The waiter was such a nice man we didn't like to complain about the meal.
 The waiter was told that he need not stay.
 In addition, there were two other deficiencies in that system.
 I will pay dollars in addition.
 The virus cut down many elephants in Africa.
 The band of Indians were ready to go on the warpath at the slightest provocation.
 The locust made a big jump.
 The old Italian oil painting was never exhibited in public.
 Keep an eye on the naughty kid.
 The naughty girl assumed an air of innocence.
 The chairs are made of wood.
 The pain was almost unbearable.
 The quarrel left a gulf between the two families.
 The album will have been completed by next July.
 You can make up to 80,yen a month in that part-time job.
 The American boy spoke broken Japanese.
 That American professor knows a good deal about Kyoto.
 That American movie was a great success.
 The apartment was furnished in the Victorian style.
 Everyone in the apartment house shares the kitchen.
 The apartment consists of three small rooms and a bath.
 The animation is on the air even in other countries.
 Bob went about building his castle in Spain when he spoke of inheriting his father's wealth.
 The place is deep in broken glass.
 The light went off last night in the storm.
 The iron broke down due to over-heating.
 That idea seems good but it needs to be tried out.
 It will cost you dollars to buy the CD.
 Those degrees meant that percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice.
 Up jumped the three big dogs.
 She seems the least shy of the three.
 Each of the three boys got a prize.
 Each of the three girls got a prize.
 Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls.
 The two cars tried to make way for each other.
 The couple parted, never to meet again.
 Those two make a fine pair.
 That couple never fights; they are always in agreement on everything.
 The two girls wore the same dress to the dance.
 The two men shook hands.
 Although the two boys disliked the partner of each other the beginning, they became good friends soon.
 The two teachers had an equal number of students.
 One of these two boys knows that.
 The two politicians met face to face for the first time.
 I know which of the two girls you like better.
 The two sisters are so much alike that we find it rather difficult to tell one from the other.
 The two books are equivalent in value.
 You can't have both books.
 Which of the two books did you like better?
 The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.
 The distinction in usage between the two words is clear.
 There is a subtle difference between the two words.
 The two houses stand back to back.
 Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
 The two parts were played by one and the same actress.
 One of these two methods is right.
 One of these two answers is right.
 Neither of the two answers are right.
 The two cities are connected by this highway.
 The two qualities are mutually exclusive.
 The two accidents coincided with each other.
 The two incidents are connected with each other.
 The two mountains are of equal height.
 The two languages have a lot in common.
 There are subtle differences between the two pictures.
 The difference between the two versions isn't clear.
 The two teams fought very hard.
 The single pipeline serves all the house with water.
 The teenage actress has quite a few fans.
 Sony is a household name all over the world.
 Sony inspires ambition among its employees.
 When Sony came back with a billion bid, CBS could not refuse.
 Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
 I'll play a sonata for you.
 We have no proof to the contrary.
 How's the weather there?
 How are things for you up there?
 Take off your socks.
 Shall I have him call you?
 How should I get there from the airport?
 Is it hot over there?
 Isn't this Central Driving School?
 How is the weather there?
 We will accept your conditions.
 Please write to me about conditions at your school.
 Sorry I won't be there.
 I'll be there at five p.m.
 You have Halloween and Thanksgiving Day.
 And history was changed forever.
 And then he sat down himself.
 And she is always a troublemaker.
 And they knew something which the Europeans did not.
 Now, just let the clay slide between your fingers.
 More roads were made, and the countryside was divided into lots.
 It isn't like anybody takes responsibility then anyway.
 The third is the preservation of environment. In this case, the conservation of energy and resources is needed.
 And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
 And the little black rabbit never looked sad again.
 And then everything that was written was completely clear.
 And there is not even enough water.
 And my hands were shaking.
 And now, think about a county, any county, and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas.
 And at times when I became discouraged with trying to reconcile working and bringing up children, it was my husband who helped to maintain my determination.
 And I had never listened to his records.
 And I always worried about it.
 And here I am, still alive.
 And when I've gone, don't tell him I'm dead.
 Now she was hurrying to her sick Grannie's house to call the police.
 And to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
 He then added, "I tell you the truth..."
 And a wish is engraved on the base of the statue:
 And the teams competed with each other to try to kick the ball through this hole.
 And after a long time the boy came back again.
 And we had spent hours talking together.
 The house has pipes under the ground to carry dirty water away.
 And if we have time, I'd like to take a look at their cosmetics.
 And if you see Tom, say hello to him for me.
 And a tall man dressed in black reading a newspaper.
 Pretty soon there were more of them on the road and fewer carriages pulled by horses.
 Pretty soon along came a steam shovel and dug a road through the hill covered with daisies.
 And Tony was the oldest.
 And began my first letter to Terry Tate.
 And because Deal is very near continental Europe, it's always been one of the first areas of Britain to be invaded.
 Then, finally, she opened her mouth.
 And then, it took them far from home.
 And they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature, movies and music.
 And I was fourteen years old before I touched a piano for the first time.
 Although I modified this extravagance later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life, it was still beauty that I valued.
 And the tree was often alone.
 So they hopped down to the spring and drank from the clear water.
 And they would play hide and go seek.
 Then, the train screeched to a halt.
 And the tokens he received as wages could only be spent at that shop.
 And the boy did.
 And in many countries, where the animals are already under pressure because their homes are being destroyed by agriculture, things can get even worse.
 Then, gathering speed, it raced through the tunnel, shaking the passengers from side to side.
 And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
 And there were three.
 In the temple courts he found men selling cattle, sheep and doves, and others sitting at tables.
 And our council is the local government for our area.
 She became Mother Teresa years later when she founded the Missionaries of Charity.
 Then, at last, the policeman lowered his arm.
 And that's why for almost a hundred years, any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash.
 And spent that day with Him.
 And so the two little rabbits lived together happily in the big forest; eating dandelions, playing Jump The Daisies, Run Through The Clover and Find The Acorn all day long.
 And so the man came in.
 And it is only a very short step from there, to perception which occurs in the absence of all immediate signals and has to be labeled extrasensory.
 And unlike Oshin, they do complain although certainly not at work and generally not in public.
 And he worked very hard for Mr Wood.
 And like many small towns in England, it has quite a long history.
 Then you can sail away.
 Then I'll help you overturn the wagon.
 The bottom has fallen out of the market.
 I hope you can do something to help me out.
 Don't leave it open.
 Turn right there.
 Go over it again.
 I got bit by mosquitoes all over this area, and it itches so badly I can't stand it.
 It's too much trouble to walk there.
 It took me five hours to drive there.
 You are in the right so far.
 How long does it take to go there by bus?
 You have to walk a long way to get there.
 You can get there in less than thirty minutes.
 It took only ten minutes to walk there.
 Will you take me there?
 Let's go and see him there.
 How long will it take to get there?
 The store was already closed when I got there.
 It is no use going there.
 You should not go there.
 Will you please go there?
 I don't know how to get there.
 We took turns driving our car on our way there.
 She advised me to go there.
 It'll take not less than one hour to go there.
 It'll take an hour to get there.
 It'll take at least one hour to go there.
 I'll ask how to get there.
 I intend to go there.
 I object to going there.
 There is no one who wants to go there.
 There were but few who did not go there.
 I went there by myself, often on successive evenings.
 You had better not go there.
 How often have you been there?
 I've been there a few times.
 I went there by bus and train.
 Could you tell me how to get there?
 Do you go there by bus or by car?
 The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
 He told me to go there at once.
 Could you find out how to get there?
 How stupid of you to go there alone!
 This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
 There is Tokyo.
 Iron ore occurs there in abundance.
 It's an area crowded with new houses.
 It was unbelievably quiet there; perhaps that's why he liked the place so much.
 I think you're sitting in my seat.
 Was there a lot of traffic?
 Alpine flowers are abundant there.
 That is a danger zone; don't go there.
 It is cold there even in summer.
 It is a town of no character.
 It is only a short walk from the station.
 It is warm there all the year round.
 It's a very big and busy city.
 It hardly ever rains there.
 It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
 The water there was so deep that I could not touch bottom.
 The place became a hell on earth.
 The best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need.
 I saw some people there leading a low life.
 Nobody there knew him well.
 The food is very good and the same is true of the service.
 The residents were curious about other people's business.
 Hand me the dictionary there, please.
 The beggar turned out to be a thief.
 I must replace that fluorescent lamp.
 It's at the corner.
 The broccoli is either costly or of poor quality.
 There's always somebody there.
 See that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky? He's pretty much my type.
 I'll take you there.
 The girl standing there is Mary.
 Who is standing there?
 We will be able to build farms and create fields there.
 The sooner we get there, the more likely are we to get seats.
 We still have quite a few more miles to go before we get there.
 By the time you get there, it will be nearly dark.
 By the time she gets there, she will be happy again.
 We had hardly reached there when it began to rain.
 When I arrived there, I found him.
 As soon as we reached there, it began to rain.
 Call me up when you get there.
 Please let me know when we get there.
 A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
 I suggest that we should build a new factory there.
 Sign your name there.
 No sooner had she gone there than she was taken ill.
 The people who live there are our friends.
 It concerns all the people living there.
 I'd like to keep the car there.
 I arrived there too early.
 Will you permit me to go there?
 I have been warned against going there.
 I wish to know a landmark nearby so I can find my way there.
 We ran out of gas on the way there.
 I'd rather stay here than go there.
 Stop going there.
 I made up my mind to go there.
 I may go there, but that depends.
 I'm very glad I wasn't there.
 The longer I stay there, the more I like the place.
 Every time I go there, I meet her.
 You'd better go there on foot.
 There was nobody there.
 There was a large crowd there.
 I've been there already.
 There was eternal twilight in the place.
 You'll find it impossible to live there.
 There was no one there besides me.
 There were bundles and bundles of cash.
 There were some flowers there.
 It has fertile soil where corn be grown.
 I think that there are many places to see there.
 I've never been there before.
 There were more than students there.
 Because there was plenty of water...
 On arriving there, he went to see her.
 Write to me as soon as you reach there.
 There are no means of getting there.
 It'll be opening time, time I get down there.
 Please buy it from that official.
 There you see the gate which Mr Jones built.
 What will you live on while you are there?
 Move! You're in my way.
 Who's there?
 I don't know because I wasn't there.
 Stay put. I'll come and get you.
 The people there made way for the fire engine.
 There were barely fifty people there.
 Jesus' mother was there.
 There you are.
 I met a friend there.
 Then his mother thought.
 She was the last woman I expected to see.
 Never did I think I would see her there.
 I had hoped to have met her there.
 Never did I expect that I would see him there.
 He gave it a new name.
 I'll never forget talking with him there.
 Who did you meet there?
 Did you see anybody there?
 Just wait for me there.
 Then interaction with others becomes important.
 The children from the village would often gather up on top of the hill and from there watched the trucks and automobiles going back and forth to the city.
 I made my first contact with him there.
 Accordingly I gave up my plans.
 There I met a very fascinating lady.
 I spent my summer vacation there, during which I enjoyed surfing.
 What did you do there?
 What happened here?
 Please describe what occurred there.
 The tea we had there was excellent.
 Once again she could watch the sun and moon and stars.
 You can still see the remains of the fortress there.
 There a cape pushes out into the sea.
 I know the weather there is very cold.
 No one will attend to you there.
 Typhoons are frequent there in fall.
 I hear the sky is very beautiful there.
 You need to wear a tie there.
 I didn't meet anyone there.
 I had no chance to relax there.
 We didn't see a single house for five miles there.
 The length of our stay there will be one week.
 Those customs found acceptance there.
 I saw a wonderful fall there.
 So perhaps this was their ancient god returning after his long absence.
 What was it that you did there?
 When I travel, I don't wear armor.
 You will have to wait there about an hour.
 So they went and saw where he was staying.
 The loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern, as well as calls for review of the nation's educational and social structures.
 So I want to explain who these people are.
 That was her chance to show what she could do.
 That is where you are wrong.
 You can see the whole city from here.
 Get down from there.
 The view was splendid over the plain, and in the distance was Asuka.
 You can see the roof of the house from there.
 That's your strong point.
 That's where you're mistaken.
 That's where I can't agree with you.
 Socrates was accused of atheism because he did not believe in Zeus.
 I'd like the sauce on the side.
 I'd like to have the sauce on the side, please.
 "Is there any sauce left?" "No, there is none."
 Do not be so critical.
 I'll tell him that.
 It doesn't take very long.
 Don't be so reserved.
 Don't take it so hard!
 You don't have to be so nervous.
 Don't you think so?
 You are correct in thinking so.
 Few people think so.
 The idea made my soul rise.
 Do you think so?
 I suppose so.
 Some do think so.
 I am not alone in thinking so.
 I can not but think so.
 Well, if you put it that way, sure.
 Now that you've mentioned it, you're right.
 It's very kind of you to say so.
 It is not too much to say so.
 You are very kind to say so.
 It is very kind of you to say so.
 You are kind to say so.
 It is kind of you to say so.
 It's very kind of you to put it that way.
 It is very good of you to say so.
 That idea never presented itself then.
 We must do away with such bad customs.
 I'll see to it that it never happens again.
 To say so should not diminish his importance.
 Come to that, I'd like to do some shopping too.
 Now that you say it, I think you're right.
 Now you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
 Now that you mention it, it's been more than years since then.
 Such accidents can happen from time to time.
 You have every reason to say so.
 It is impudent of him to say so.
 Don't be so self-assertive.
 That's no excuse.
 Thus they decided that I was innocent.
 That's why I cannot agree with you.
 Such being the case, you can't expect he will come here.
 That is how she learns English.
 That's just how I was raised.
 You won't get it so easily.
 If you persist in bothering her like that, she'll lose her temper.
 No, I don't think so.
 I don't agree.
 Well, when exactly?
 I agree. He's sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home.
 Well, it's all come out in the wash.
 You're right, it fits.
 Yes, I will be able to forget my busy work and relax.
 It all amounts to a lot of hard work.
 Really? I want to go there very much. I like Renoir very much.
 We'll face that problem when we come to it.
 I suppose you could say that.
 I scarcely think so.
 If I had not overslept, I would have been in time for school.
 There is no evidence to the contrary.
 I have no proof to the contrary.
 I hope not.
 We might otherwise have to reconsider the purchase.
 There is evidence to the contrary.
 Yes, you need to practice every day.
 Let me see. It takes about two hours by bus.
 Yes, well, that depends.
 Well, I clean the rooms.
 Well, I clean the rooms, do the laundry, or cook an elaborate supper.
 Well, to be frank, I don't like it at all.
 Well, personally, I don't really care for it.
 Well, I bake bread.
 Well, I bake bread, listen to music, or read comic books.
 Well, I watch television, take a nap, or take a walk in the park nearby.
 Well, I watch television.
 Yes and no.
 Oh, OK. Well, can you get me one?
 And I'm sure I know what caused it.
 Yes. He swims fastest in our school.
 You're right. I have half a mind to do something myself.
 Yes, it is. You were three months old then.
 Don't be late for school so often.
 "That's right", said John.
 Well, I just asked him if he knew the time, because my watch has stopped, and he simply bolted.
 I hope so.
 I can't help doing that.
 That a boy!
 That makes for efficiency.
 It will kill two birds with one stone.
 And soon your luck will turn for the better.
 He made it clear that he intended to do so.
 We have no choice but to do so.
 I don't think we should do that.
 It is not etiquette to do so.
 It is incumbent on you to do so.
 I parted with my old car, though I hated to do so.
 It was to his profit to do so.
 I warned you not to do so, didn't I?
 He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
 It would cost twice as much as that.
 It will aggravate the wound.
 That makes you even more attractive.
 Then twelve o'clock came.
 It is absolutely impossible to do so.
 It would be a satisfaction to me.
 I'd appreciate it if you could do that.
 It is kind of you to do so.
 I can't be sorry.
 In the meantime, she began to cry.
 In the meantime, he went to sleep.
 This would help us promote your products in the most effective way.
 They were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value.
 I am afraid that neither from them nor from books have I learnt much that greatly profited me.
 Because they had not achieved complete success they gave more scope for the activity of my imagination.
 Before the arrival of this skyscraper, all the buildings in the city stood in special relationship to each other.
 There is no point in calling such buildings 'ugly'.
 That decision, in turn, was affected by the geological structure of the hill itself.
 He kept calm in the face of the danger.
 Then she found several stacks of thousand-dollar bills under a bush and put them in her basket.
 You will gain nothing from doing that.
 That way of talking is typical of him.
 That's right, they've been late twice already.
 Oh, now I feel the wind blow hi, hi, hi, hi.
 Yes, you can celebrate anything you want.
 That could be true, but I don't really think so.
 Don't get so irritated. Rushing things will cost you more time in the end.
 That kind of talk leads to arguments.
 Now that you mention it, what happened to that man who used to work here?
 Come to think of it, I did see Taro.
 I guess there was some talk of that.
 That's not my favorite topic.
 That was the reason which prevented them from coming with me.
 That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
 That's not the problem.
 Such a book would be within his reach.
 That's how he discovered the comet.
 Such a remark is open to misunderstanding.
 Such ability is native to him.
 Such people get hold of a chance.
 Such a man is bound to fail.
 Whoever says so is a liar.
 Such a custom is not peculiar to the Americans.
 Such a custom is characteristic of the British.
 Don't be noisy on such an occasion.
 Such a state of things cannot be put up with.
 Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
 That being the case, I had little to say at that moment.
 Such an accident is likely to happen again.
 You had better not use those four-letter words.
 Such matters are beyond the bounds of human knowledge.
 Such a deed is an offense against the law.
 Such an act will be judged at the bar of public opinion.
 Such words will give rise to suspicion.
 Talk like that will raise suspicion.
 What he meant by those words finally dawned on me.
 That is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
 Circumstances do not permit me such a holiday.
 This is why they can find their way around the world.
 That is why he got angry.
 Such being the case, he is unable to pay.
 That is why he was late for school.
 He did not attend the meeting for that reason.
 That's why I was late.
 That's the reason why I couldn't attend the meeting.
 That's why I came back so soon.
 That is why I came here.
 That is why so many students are absent today.
 That was why the city was named Rome.
 That is why all the students in the class agreed with him.
 That is why she didn't join them.
 That's why he did not go overseas to study.
 That's why I have such an extreme hatred for him.
 That is why I got up early this morning.
 That is why words sometimes have great power over us.
 It is such a hard job for that reason.
 Such being the case, I can not go with you.
 Such being the case, I could not be present.
 Such being the case, I can't go with you.
 You were shouting at her and I don't like that.
 I have a phobia for that.
 Such is the custom of the people here.
 It is beneath you to say such a thing.
 You should not do that kind of thing by yourself.
 Don't talk about such a thing.
 You cannot learn such a thing too soon.
 Such things often happen by accident rather than by design.
 Yes, I'd like a single room with a private bath, please.
 You must get rid of such a habit.
 Get him!
 You said it!
 Yup! I'm going to give up cigarettes.
 O.K. I'm glad you could come.
 But it's the rhetoric of failure.
 That's a blessed lie.
 It gets on my nerves.
 Mr Soarez has been my close friend for years.
 That is why he did not agree to what they had proposed.
 Which way is Central Park?
 Zen's latest mission is to save the Earth from ecological destruction at the hands of a plant-destroying madman.
 Central Park is near where I work.
 A centimeter is a unit of length.
 I'm not at all tired.
 The center fielder made a firm catch for the winning out.
 I don't care a bean.
 I love that combination.
 This chair is ugly.
 The concept of zero sprang from the Hindu culture.
 Is there any good way to memorise our lines quickly?
 Jelly sets as it cools.
 The cement will set in a couple of hours.
 It will take awhile for the cement to dry before we can use it to park the car.
 You should have enough sense not to drink, at least during your illness.
 At the very least, I'd like to be able to have everyday conversations.
 He might at least apologize.
 Can't you wait just ten more minutes?
 Please forward this message along with the seminar information to the appropriate managers in your firm.
 Do keep practicing!
 Cicadas are singing.
 Do come by all means.
 I have appealed to him to visit but he didn't come.
 We would love to work with you.
 You must come and have a chat with us.
 I strongly suggest you visit Kyoto.
 You should have visited Kyoto.
 Try by all means.
 We request your attendance at the meeting.
 Do come and see us again.
 I do hope you'll come again.
 You have to have a piece of pie.
 You must come to the party by all means.
 If you must, you must.
 Please be sure to bring some of your friends to the party.
 I will do it by all means.
 Try it by all means.
 Do it by all means.
 You really must see that movie.
 I'd love to see the movie.
 Do write to me soon!
 You must conduct the orchestra well.
 I'd love to dance with you.
 I'd very much like to exchange e-mail with you.
 Do come and see us tomorrow.
 Do come and visit us.
 I would very much like to go.
 The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
 Strike the set.
 I shall never give up.
 Don't touch me with your soapy hands.
 He's the very model of an aggressive salesman.
 An impatient driver forced his way through the crossing against the red light.
 We'd better try to sell or give away all these white elephants we've collected.
 He has failed after all his labors.
 If you could do it at all, I'd like you to do it.
 After a mad dash down the stairway, I missed my train by a second.
 Though I went to see her all the way in the rain, she was out.
 All my pains went for nothing.
 All my pains were in vain.
 I am sorry, but I have someone coming.
 After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
 Cezanne is famous for his landscapes.
 Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
 I have a chest cold.
 Do you have cough drops?
 A gargle with salt water is good for coughs.
 I have a cough.
 I can't stop coughing.
 I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
 I don't want to rush you, but let's try to catch the next bus.
 When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
 The salesman talked my parents into buying a set of encyclopedias.
 Salesmen are usually fast talkers.
 The salesman demonstrated how to use the mincer.
 The salesman sold the article at an unreasonable price.
 The salesman demonstrated how to use it.
 I'd like to use a safe.
 The salesman demonstrated how to use the machine.
 Would you put this in the safety deposit box?
 The Seine flows through Paris.
 We have safety deposit boxes.
 You're wearing your sweater inside out.
 On an island in the Seine, there is a big church called Notre Dame.
 I think I had better have my sweater mended.
 Put on your sweater. Otherwise you will catch cold.
 I caught my sweater on that nail.
 The sweater shrank in the wash.
 What shall I put on over my sweater?
 The sleeves of the sweater began to unravel.
 I'm looking for a sweater.
 My sweater shrank in the wash.
 You should make the most of your ability.
 Not more than percent of students go on university.
 At most percent of students go on to university.
 Seiko has no sisters.
 Only twenty people will come to the party at best.
 After a hearty dinner, Willie thanked the host.
 She's a wonderful wife and mother.
 Ms. Swan is our English teacher.
 The Swallows are behind to 1!
 The Swallows are ahead to 1!
 When is the next train to Sloane Square?
 The grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk, and very often he wasn't cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all.
 It's fun to play, too.
 Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
 Then you will be happy.
 The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
 Along comes the grandmother and sees her granddaughter.
 Dear woman, why do you involve me? Jesus replied.
 Then you will have money and you will be happy.
 There is nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
 Better wear out shoes than sheets.
 They do it just for the thrill of it.
 The thrilling video game took all my attention.
 A man called Slim was killed in the accident.
 The pickpocket disappeared into the crowd.
 One of the pickpockets blew the whistle on the other two.
 Be on your guard against pickpockets.
 Beware of pickpockets.
 I'd like to report a theft.
 Please put on your slippers.
 You're not supposed to wear your slippers down to the lobby.
 Measurements are different from individual to individual.
 Memorize this paragraph until you can say it fluently.
 Smog causes plants to die.
 Smog is the enemy of healthy lungs.
 Smog hung over Tokyo.
 Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
 May I trouble you for a light?
 I'm sorry, I dropped my knife.
 Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
 Please give her a fluoride treatment.
 Please answer the phone.
 I'm afraid you can't.
 Will you please put the baby to bed?
 May I trouble you to pass me the pepper?
 I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
 I'm sorry, but they're out of stock.
 I'm sorry, but I don't understand English well.
 May I trouble you for the sugar?
 Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
 Would you mind turning down the radio?
 Would you kindly switch off the radio?
 Would you kindly make room for this old woman?
 May I trouble you for the pepper?
 Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
 Sorry, we can't fill this prescription here.
 Excuse me, but could you tell me where the post office is?
 Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
 Excuse me, but where is the library?
 Will you open the window, please?
 Excuse me, but can you help me?
 Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
 Sorry, but I want to tell him this news face to face.
 Excuse me, do you have the time?
 I'm sorry, but I don't feel like going out today.
 Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
 Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
 Excuse me, but will you show me the way to the station?
 Would you please give me some more tea?
 Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
 Will you please let me go now?
 I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
 Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel?
 Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
 Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
 Sorry, but I'm not very interested in that subject.
 Do me a favor by switching off that radio.
 Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
 Excuse me, but may I exchange this sweater for another?
 Would you please lend me some money?
 Excuse me, but could you do me a favor?
 I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
 Sorry, I couldn't catch what you said.
 I'm sorry, but I think you're mistaken.
 Excuse me, could you spare me a few minutes? I have a favor to ask you.
 Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven't got a handle on the situation yet.
 I'm sorry, but that's all we have right now.
 Sorry? Pardon?
 Excuse me. How often do shuttle buses run to downtown New York?
 Sorry, the line is busy now.
 Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
 Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
 I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
 I'm sorry I did you wrong.
 Sorry sir, I'm afraid he may not be in.
 I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
 Excuse me, I'm lost.
 Excuse me. May I get by?
 I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
 I'm sorry. Would you mind turning around?
 Excuse me. I'd like to rent a car.
 Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
 Excuse me, but I feel sick.
 I'm sorry, you are not allowed to.
 Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
 I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
 Excuse me, would you mind repeating that?
 Excuse me, could you say that again more slowly?
 Sorry. I beg your pardon?
 Excuse me, but we're in a hurry, too.
 Excuse me. May I get through?
 Sorry, I wish you wouldn't.
 Excuse me, is this seat taken?
 I'm sorry, we can't make flight changes on this ticket.
 Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
 Sorry, I can't accommodate you.
 Excuse me, officer, where are we now?
 Someone is hiding in the corner.
 Who is the man sitting in the corner?
 Mrs. Smith is bearing up well since the death of her husband.
 Mrs. Smith is an elderly lady.
 Mrs. Smith was a famous beauty.
 Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
 Mrs. Smith is in black.
 Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
 Mrs. Smith is actively engaged in volunteer work.
 Mrs. Smith can get her husband to do anything she likes.
 You could say that Mrs. Smith is a television addict.
 Mrs. Smith gave birth to her second child.
 Mr. and Mrs. Smith are a good match.
 Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
 The Smiths had their house painted white.
 Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
 He's just about had enough of the Smiths' TV.
 Dr. Smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject.
 Mr Smith drilled them in English pronunciation.
 Miss Smith is liked by all students.
 Mr Smith teaches me English.
 Mr Smith left Japan this morning.
 Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
 Mr Smith is in charge of the class.
 Miss Smith teaches English at this school.
 Mr Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
 Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
 Who will be in charge of our class when Miss Smith leaves school?
 Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
 Mr Smith is a good teacher.
 Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
 Mr Smith married his daughter to a doctor.
 Mr Smith gave a lecture on literature.
 Mr Smith made her his secretary.
 Mr Smith forgot to take his commuter ticket.
 Mr Smith takes a good deal of exercise before breakfast.
 Mr Smith is an eminent violinist.
 Mr Smith sued them for damages.
 Mr Smith is a doctor by profession.
 Mr Smith had his letter typed.
 Mr Smith is a candidate for mayor.
 Mr Smith is pleased at his son's success.
 Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
 Mr Smith proposed marriage to Jane.
 Mr Smith is vulnerable to this kind of criticism.
 The study which Mr Smith specializes in is economics.
 Mr Smith had three sons who became engineers.
 I have a bowing acquaintance with Mr Smith.
 I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr Smith.
 Mr Smith was announced as the succeeding chairman.
 Mr Smith founded this school forty years ago.
 Mr Smith is now president of this company.
 Professor Smith is recognized to be one of the greatest scholars in English philology.
 Prof. Smith is famous for his eccentric life style.
 Talking of Professor Smith, his assistant is hard of hearing.
 The Smiths are all good people.
 The Smiths moved to Ohio.
 Mr. Smith is sure to come on Sunday.
 Mr. Smith should have told the truth.
 Smith died of a heart attack.
 Smith demanded payment.
 Smith struck Jones out.
 Smith argues that no international laws can be applied to this case.
 Mr Smith has lived in Kyoto for three years.
 Smith's approach differs greatly from others in that he did not take the affixation into consideration.
 The Smiths are our cousins.
 The Smiths are our neighbors.
 Few people can run the machine as well as Mr Smith.
 Mr Smith is too polite to say anything bad about others.
 Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to come.
 Mr Smith made him a doctor.
 Mr Smith made it a rule to take a walk every morning.
 Mr Smith made him some toys.
 Mr Smith has not turned up yet though he promised to come.
 Mr Smith lost his way in the dense fog.
 Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York."
 Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes from San Francisco."
 Mr Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
 Mr Smith is now on duty.
 Mr Smith lives in Kyoto now.
 Mr Smith was bereaved of his wife.
 Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
 Even though Mr Smith was very wealthy, he was a tightwad.
 Mr Smith carried out the plan successfully.
 Mr Smith is within shouting distance.
 Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
 Mr Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
 Mr Smith says he was born in New York, but that his wife comes from Japan.
 Mr Smith, whose car I borrowed for this trip, is a rich lawyer.
 The Smiths live in my neighborhood.
 A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Smith.
 Please connect me with Mr Smith.
 I tried to call Mr Smith, but the line was busy.
 I would like to see Mr Smith.
 Will you please connect me with Mr Smith?
 Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
 I've known Mr Smith for many years.
 A Mr Smith has come to see you.
 How long have you known Miss Smith?
 A Mr Smith came to see you during your absence.
 Talking of Smith, what has become of his daughter?
 A Mr Smith came to see you.
 Mr Smith spoke so fast I couldn't take in what he said.
 Mrs. Smith, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
 He said that if Smith was elected, he would resign.
 Would you mind if I borrowed your car?
 Excuse me, but I'm tied up now.
 What am I going to do? I can't close my fly.
 A sponge absorbs water.
 A sponge absorbs liquids.
 Your pants reach the floor.
 Did Spot go, too?
 I have no leisure for sport.
 I like sport.
 Sports activities require a slender figure.
 Poor eyesight is a handicap to a sportsman.
 Sport is frankly mimic warfare.
 Sports nurture friendships.
 Apart from sports, I like listening to jazz music.
 Sports play an important role in social life.
 I do not do sports.
 Do you like playing sports?
 Sports help to develop our muscles.
 Sports can be dangerous if safety is ignored.
 You have to give up sports for a while.
 Sports keep us in good shape.
 Sports make us healthy in mind as well as in body.
 The better players helped those who were not so good at sports.
 The paradox of sport is that it bonds as it divides.
 Do you have any interest in sports?
 Some students neglect their studies in favor of sports.
 I maintain that sports are a waste of time.
 Speaking of sports, can you play tennis?
 Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
 Talking of sports, what sports do you play?
 When it comes to sports, I can't beat her.
 When it comes to sports, John is very good.
 In sport, team harmony is vital to success.
 I love music as well as sports.
 It's not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people, but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach, and the competitive aspect in itself.
 Some people like sports, and others don't.
 I love sports. I get that from my father.
 The spokesman confirmed that the report was true.
 Could you spell it, please?
 Everything is on schedule.
 Everything happened all at once.
 You must be doing wonderfully in everything.
 All systems are go.
 We must surrender them all.
 Everything was as it had been when I left there.
 Everything is in place now.
 Everything went according to plan.
 I owe it all to you.
 Everything fell out as I expected.
 Let's scrap everything and start over again with a clean slate.
 Bring everything to ruin.
 Taking everything into consideration, he can't be the criminal.
 All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
 All things considered, we can not say that it is wrong.
 All things considered, we cannot say that it is wrong.
 Taking everything into consideration, they ought to be given another chance.
 All things considered, we'll adopt his project.
 All tragedies end with a death.
 Everything depends on her answer.
 All the signs are that she is getting better.
 All containing news of his concerts and various activities.
 Everything was burnt to ashes.
 Everything turned out satisfactory.
 Everything is over.
 All comes to the same thing.
 Everything depends upon your decision.
 Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
 Everything depends on what you will do.
 It all depends on whether they will support us.
 Of all the famous baseball players, he stands out as a genius.
 The wild beasts all gather.
 Suddenly all the lights went out.
 Not all books are good books.
 Not all the books are worth reading.
 All the clergy are against the new law.
 Every mother has affection for her child.
 Some common threads run through all cultures.
 All civilized countries are against war.
 Lay down all arms.
 It all started in Montgomery, Alabama, on December 1, 1955.
 All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
 Every piece of reading matter calls for a different kind of reading.
 Not all animals are wild.
 All the lights went out.
 You must give up the idea that you are superior to them in every respect.
 I agreed with you in all your views.
 I found all the shops closed by that time.
 Not all birds can fly.
 Not every bird can sing.
 Every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
 All the villages were beautiful.
 All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
 Every teacher knows that Ann is a good athlete.
 All students looked up to their homeroom teacher.
 Every star is a sphere.
 You should regard the rights of all.
 All human beings are legally equal.
 It is believed that all men are equal.
 All human beings are mortal.
 Not all men are created equal.
 You must not trust every man.
 The true light that gives light to every man was coming into the world.
 It is by no means easy to please everybody.
 You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time; but you cannot fool all the people all of the time.
 Everybody must be subject to law.
 Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
 Everybody is equal before the law.
 Everybody is subject to law.
 Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
 Everybody has his merits and demerits.
 All men have equal rights.
 All men are created equal.
 All people breathe air.
 All men are equal before God.
 A friend to everybody is a friend to leisure.
 You should set a high value on every man's life.
 It goes without saying that everybody is given the equal right to speak.
 So that through him all man might believe.
 That everybody is told all the facts is important.
 Not everybody knows about my plan.
 Not everyone can realize the dreams of his youth.
 We have enough seats for everyone.
 Nobody ever wants to be without money.
 Every man cannot be a hero.
 It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
 Not everyone likes that book.
 Not everybody knows about the plan.
 It is necessary that everybody observe these rules.
 Not all men are wise.
 All parents like to have their children praised.
 He maintained that all occupations should be open to women.
 It is now a fully accepted idea that all occupations should be open to women.
 All the passengers left the plane in a hurry.
 All the evidence points to his guilt.
 All the boys ran away.
 All the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack.
 I will see to it that everything is ready in time.
 Every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind.
 Taking all things into consideration, I think they were mistaken in it.
 Every citizen ought to help them.
 All children are potential geniuses.
 All participants made that great effort in the Olympics.
 We must make every effort to do away with all discrimination.
 Every nation should help each other.
 Every nation longs for world peace.
 All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
 Every language continues to change as long as it is spoken.
 In the greatest of all works of art everything had been realized, I could give nothing, and my restless mind tired of passive contemplation.
 All the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie.
 Not all the students were present.
 All the students respect their home room teacher.
 Not every student went there yesterday.
 Not all the students attended the meeting.
 All the students are studying English.
 All members have access to these books.
 It is necessary that every member observe these rules.
 Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
 80% of all English words come from other languages.
 Not all doctors make a lot of money.
 All essays must be handed in on time.
 All things are obedient to money.
 Everything looked nice.
 All was still.
 All the other little rabbits came out to see how happy they both were, and they danced in a wedding circle around the little black rabbit and little white rabbit.
 All the buses are full.
 After I locked all the doors, I went to bed.
 Shut all the doors and windows.
 Please leave everything to me.
 All things taken into consideration, her life is a happy one.
 Taking everything into consideration, he bought the car.
 All the dogs are alive.
 Not all Americans speak English as their mother tongue.
 I'm satisfied with everything.
 Everything is in good order.
 Everything militated against his success.
 All this is visible to numerous observers.
 Everything is going very well.
 Everything appears to be going well.
 Everything should be done in accordance with the rules.
 Everything is OK.
 What does the special taste like?
 The space shuttle informs us about the earth, too.
 How about some Spanish food?
 The explosion of the space shuttle is still fresh in my memory.
 Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
 It would be to your advantage to study Spanish.
 I know a little Spanish.
 It is worthwhile learning Spanish.
 A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
 I can understand written Spanish just a little but spoken Spanish is Greek to me.
 I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
 Spanish is her native language.
 Spain once governed the Philippine Islands.
 Spain was one of the world's mightiest nations.
 Spain is abundant in oranges.
 Spain is the host country for the Olympics in 1992.
 The population of Spain is about one-third as large as that of Japan.
 The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
 If you visit Spain, come and see me.
 I hiked through the Pyrenees from Spain to Paris.
 The sprinkler is shooting out a stream of water onto the grass.
 Could we have a spoon?
 There is a spoon missing.
 The Sphinx began to walk around him.
 The Sphinx had eaten hundreds of people on their way to the city of Thebes, because they could not answer the riddle the cunning Sphinx had asked them.
 This is the first time I have seen a Spielberg movie.
 I got into trouble with the police by driving too fast.
 The speedometer was indicating mph.
 The speedometer is recording mph now.
 Driving too fast is dangerous.
 Speeding often causes car accidents.
 You're driving too fast.
 I can hardly make a speech without feeling nervous.
 How did your speech go?
 In the speech, he referred to the strength of the company.
 I get really bad performance anxiety before I give a speech.
 At the end of the speech she repeated the word.
 You don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
 The speech contest was held under the auspices of the Ministry of Education.
 The speech contest took place on the ninth of November.
 She is by far the best player in that country.
 Sometimes the most inspired ideas seem to just come from out of the blue.
 With the sun shining bright, we should go for a swim.
 It's worth going to Bali because you can see the amazing sunset.
 When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn't wish to come down to earth.
 It's a nice day, isn't it?
 The beautiful weather added to our pleasure.
 Beautiful day, isn't it?
 The weather was gorgeous.
 Thank you for the wonderful gift.
 What a marvelous person your brother is!
 He was a wonderful man, that uncle of yours.
 He was a wonderful man.
 Have a wonderful eating experience.
 Thank you for the wonderful meal.
 It was a lovely autumn evening.
 A bright idea occurred to me.
 A splendid idea occurred to John.
 A magnificent sight presented itself before us.
 A glorious sight burst on our view.
 We had a wonderful holiday.
 This is a splendid house.
 A great party that was.
 I've got a splendid idea.
 Thank you so much for having been the nice N.Y. contact that you are.
 Quickly she opened the letter.
 Be prompt in dealing with the problem.
 Quickly he got down the stairs.
 I like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce.
 The spy sent information by code.
 I'm not used to spicy food.
 A spy may be about.
 People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
 In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
 That is to say, a language is something that we learn and are taught, not something that we know by instinct.
 In other words, the merits, etc. of making detours are the consideration of the attitudes of the landowners whose property the line would cross, the convenience of other towns and villages, as well as connection with other railway lines.
 Where can I buy snacks?
 The straw appears bent at the place where it enters the water.
 It's necessary to avoid stress.
 The methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women: drinking is the major method used by men, while women deal with stress by chatting.
 Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
 The stress began to tell on his heart.
 I'm feeling stressed.
 Stratford-on-Avon, where Shakespeare was born, is visited by many tourists every year.
 The strikers called off the strike of their own accord.
 Will the strike affect the price of coal?
 The strike affected the nation's economy.
 The strike was to little purpose.
 I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
 A strike is a mass refusal to work by a body of employees.
 A strike disrupted the postal system.
 The coal in the stove is burning.
 Warm up using the stove.
 Please remove the ashes from the stove.
 Can I play the stereo?
 Turn down the stereo.
 Put a record on the stereo.
 Stella really is dead!
 This is also part of your work, as I told you before.
 There's no use crying over spilt milk.
 A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
 I already told you.
 Twenty years already passed.
 A nice boy talked to Kate.
 It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
 That's a gorgeous color. What kind of beer is that?
 This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
 What a beautiful sweater!
 That's a nice T-shirt.
 The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
 Eat up the steak and then you can have a candy.
 I like my steak medium.
 Steak is my favorite dish.
 Steak lies heavy on the stomach.
 I like my steak rare.
 How would you like your steak?
 The beefsteak tasted marvelous.
 How would you like your steak done?
 I have steak, eggs, hash browns, toast, and coffee.
 I would like steak with a baked potato.
 Steak is often accompanied by red wine.
 Steak and red wine make a good combination.
 We dined off steak and salad.
 Steak and caviar are my favorite dishes.
 Steve was loved by all.
 Steve had to shell out $50.for the speeding ticket he got last week.
 Steve is a man of good character.
 Steve did not come home.
 Steve told me the tale of his travels.
 Steve looked very happy.
 Steve is getting on the bus.
 Steve goes to school with Kate.
 Steve will get married to Nancy next week.
 Steve and Jane always walk to school arm in arm.
 Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
 Steve, I heard you were the baby of the family.
 Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
 No good apple on a sour stock.
 Steve received a letter from Jane.
 You must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
 I want to be with him all the way.
 I have been occupied in reading books.
 We've been having good weather.
 It has become much warmer.
 Years ago this principle was widely recognized.
 I've sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep.
 He's been batting a thousand.
 It's been hot and humid.
 I've been thinking about it.
 Way off in the distance she could see the lights of the city.
 Look at the cloud over there.
 It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
 You should have gone on singing.
 What have you been doing?
 We saw a lake far below.
 We saw a light far away.
 A ship is seen a long way off.
 You never wanted to talk about it.
 You left me standing alone here on this road a long, long time ago.
 I've clean forgotten.
 I haven't quite finished eating.
 I'm sorry to put you to such great expense.
 It's all laid on.
 A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
 The steam shovels dug down three stories on one side and four stories on the other side.
 Stan has always carried a torch for Liz.
 Stallone became famous through film.
 It was so hot in the stadium that I thought I was going to pass out.
 Not all of the staff was present.
 Is the staff meeting held on Monday?
 I get along well with all the staff.
 We have a good negotiator on the staff.
 We cannot go into the studio.
 There were lots of people in the stadium.
 There were a lot of excited people in the stadium.
 When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
 Dr. Stein will be with you shortly.
 With regard to the style this car is best.
 Star baseball players are often asked for autographs.
 Now that we've got off the mark, we must get through this work.
 I got a nasty sting from a wasp.
 Not a single sparrow was to be heard.
 Sparrows were flying about.
 Sushi is good, but Thai dishes are better.
 Living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends.
 Regarding Professor Scott's final criticism I have nothing more to add to what I said in my previous reply.
 Late autumn in Scotland is rather cold.
 Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
 Some songs come from Scotland.
 The union of Scotland and England took place in 1706.
 Scotland can be very warm in September.
 Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
 Scott was a contemporary of Byron.
 Scott received a very strict education.
 It will not be long before Scott gets well.
 Scott Hall belongs to the Outsiders.
 Do you mind waiting for a minute?
 I suppose I felt a little jealous.
 I don't like anything like hard work.
 I had a fine old time.
 I am terribly hungry.
 Does it hurt a lot?
 I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
 I feel very sick.
 What an awful lot of books you have!
 It's freezing.
 Can you guess how happy I am?
 It was great. I went to Kyoto.
 That's a lot!
 That's an amazing distance, isn't it?
 He is going like the devil.
 These fireworks are spectacular!
 It's amazing, just like that.
 What a gorgeous bash!
 It's amazing.
 Terrific!
 Brilliant!
 That's too much!
 God, this place looks great.
 Great! Let's get together sometime.
 Wow!
 The score is to in favor of our school.
 The score is one all.
 Dr. Skeleton is known for his study on ghosts.
 We'll find more engineers to recover the schedule.
 In regard to the schedule, I'll let you know later.
 I want to talk with the manager about the schedule.
 Don't forget your ice skates.
 You need to have strong thigh muscles to skate.
 Skating is one of my hobbies.
 We had a lot of fun skating.
 I like skating better.
 Which do you like better, skating or skiing?
 If you want to skate well, you should take it up seriously.
 I hope you'll soon get well.
 The skater spun around like a top.
 I telephoned him to come at once.
 Wait for me. I'll be back in no time.
 Don't be long.
 I'll be back in a few minutes.
 It will soon grow light.
 I hope you will answer me soon.
 It is polite of her to write me back at once.
 Do your room at once.
 Enter the room at once.
 I will write to him at once.
 I'll soon catch up with you.
 It looks like it is going to clear up soon.
 Just try to wing it.
 Will it clear up soon?
 You will soon be able to ski well.
 You will be in time for the train if you start at once.
 You'll be in time for the train if you start at once.
 I intended to start at once.
 Leave now, or you'll miss the train.
 Start at once, and you will catch up with him.
 Leave now.
 Start at once, or you will miss the train.
 Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
 If you don't start at once, you will be late.
 You must not leave right now.
 You had better leave at once.
 You don't need to go at once.
 Start at once, and you will be in time for school.
 You'd better see a dentist at once.
 A start should be made at once.
 Let's start at once and have done with it.
 We'll begin work soon.
 We may as well set to work at once.
 Let's begin our work at once.
 I'm coming.
 I think it better to go at once.
 We may as well go at once.
 Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
 I'll be along soon.
 Try to make up your mind soon.
 You should notify the police at once.
 There is a post office close by.
 Is there a telephone near by?
 I found at my elbow a pretty girl.
 Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:bus.
 You may go out as long as you come back soon.
 She said she would be back right away.
 You may go out only if you come back soon.
 You will miss the train, unless you start for the station at once.
 You'll soon be able to swim.
 Send for the doctor at once.
 Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
 Send for the doctor at once, or the patient will get worse.
 It will soon grow dark.
 Call the doctor right away.
 You can't miss it.
 It is not enough to read great books once only, however carefully.
 Furniture made of good materials sells well.
 Could I have a screwdriver?
 Scrums are a feature of Rugby football.
 I look forward to hearing from you soon.
 I hope to hear from you soon.
 You had better get in touch with your parents at once.
 I believe you'll get over it soon.
 Get ready for the trip at once.
 Come at once.
 Please make your reservations promptly.
 I'll be back soon.
 You should go back right now.
 Come back soon.
 I'll be back in a wink.
 I'll mail you the report in a jiffy, so you won't have to wait long.
 Please write me a reply soon.
 I will write you back soon.
 Please write back soon.
 You can not miss it.
 I fly into a rage easily.
 Come into the room at once.
 You should go to the hospital at once.
 She will get well soon.
 You will soon get to like her.
 He will be able to do the work soon.
 Write to him right away.
 You've got to write to him quickly.
 You will soon get to like him.
 Hand in your papers at once.
 You don't have to answer quickly.
 You'll soon get used to the climate here.
 You get on the phone and call the doctor.
 We'll check on it right now.
 At once the birds left their nests.
 It will soon be breakfast time.
 I want you to go to Osaka right away.
 I'd like to see the doctor soon.
 Please be sure to let me know your new address soon.
 Soon he needed new clothes.
 You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
 You'd better go to bed at once.
 Should I fill it in now?
 A policeman was sent for at once.
 We will take care of this for you.
 It will be ready soon.
 You shouldn't leave at once.
 It occurred to him that he should start at once.
 Let's start right away.
 Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
 Start at once, and you will be in time.
 Leave at once.
 Start at once, or you will be late.
 You'll have to start at once.
 Must I start at once?
 You had better set off at once.
 You may as well start at once.
 They are champing to start at once.
 Must I leave at once?
 Get out of here immediately!
 If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
 You don't need to leave right now.
 I may as well start at once.
 Let's start at once; it's already late.
 Start at once, and you'll be in time for class.
 Do your homework at once.
 Start at once, and you will catch the bus.
 You had better write the letter at once.
 We need to take care of this immediately.
 Will I be able to get well soon?
 Soon I found myself wanting to meet him and talk to him.
 Get down to your work straight away.
 Can you reissue them right away?
 You had better go at once.
 I'm coming at once.
 Go at once, or you will be late for school.
 I must go right away.
 You must not jump to conclusions.
 Yes, she'll be with you in a minute.
 We must contact the police at once.
 We must make up our minds, and that at once.
 I will write to you soon.
 You will soon adjust to living in a dormitory.
 I put on my shoes at once.
 Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
 You will soon get used to the change of climate.
 Provided you come back soon you may go.
 You'd better go home at once.
 Please come back at once.
 You may go out as long as you came back soon.
 Come and see me right now.
 You may as well leave home at once.
 Come home at once.
 They'll be glad if it rains soon.
 Soon you'll get used to living by yourself.
 Send for a doctor at once.
 A doctor was called in right away.
 I shall send for a doctor at once.
 The doctor must be sent for at once.
 You may as well see the doctor at once.
 A doctor was sent for at once.
 You had better see a doctor at once.
 It's in plain sight.
 I hope he'll get better soon.
 Hope you'll get better soon.
 You will be better soon.
 I hope you'll be well soon.
 I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
 You had better do it at once.
 I get hysterical easily.
 We are not likely to accept another offer any time soon.
 I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
 You'll get used to it in no time.
 Call up Tom right away.
 Let the door be closed at once.
 Unless it rains in Ethiopia soon, there could be severe drought problems.
 Set the table at once.
 You had better give up smoking at once.
 I found it difficult to solve the problem at once.
 You can get over the handicap soon.
 We need to settle this serious matter at once.
 We'll look into the case at once.
 Stop speaking right now.
 Our sister will be with us soon.
 Take this box away soon.
 You will soon adapt yourself to this new life.
 You will soon get accustomed to living in this country.
 Send me somebody right away.
 I'll call you back soon.
 Leave here at once.
 Come here at once.
 Give us the sign to go soon.
 I would appreciate hearing from you soon.
 Return the money to him at once.
 Call the doctor in immediately.
 You should act on the doctor's advice at once.
 I'll put your call through in a minute.
 You'll be a good player soon.
 You will be going soon.
 It will cure you of your headache in no time.
 Get in touch with your agent right away.
 I recognized your voice right away.
 Soon the cold rain came down.
 You are to shut the door at once.
 Do I have to do it right away?
 I heard a faint sound nearby.
 Get the work started straight away!
 It's just around the corner.
 Send for the baggage immediately.
 I'll be with you in a second.
 I'll be there in a minute.
 Must I go there at once?
 I had a bowl of noodles at a street nearby.
 I readily grasped at his proposal.
 The school bus could not run.
 A school bus ferries students between the station and the campus.
 Is there a school bus?
 I missed the school bus!
 Dial at once.
 Opportunity makes a thief.
 What is sukiyaki made of?
 You were served sukiyaki for dinner, then spent the night and had breakfast. Don't you think you were imposing?
 Have you ever tried scuba diving?
 The scandal has badly damaged his clean image.
 There is nothing more exciting than scuba diving.
 Scandal could expose the lie.
 The scandal hurt the company's reputation.
 When the scandal broke, the Congressman's constituents were seething.
 Take as much as you like.
 A hungry man is an angry man.
 I'd like to rent skis and ski boots.
 To ski is a lot of fun.
 Skiing is a good form of recreation.
 I really enjoy skiing.
 Skiing is my favorite sport.
 The time for skiing has gone by.
 The season for skiing has gone by.
 I think I'll go skiing.
 I'd like to go skiing.
 If only I could go skiing.
 Which is easier, skiing or skating?
 What do you say we go skiing?
 We skied down to Chamonix.
 Since ski season is almost over, the ski wear that's on sale is all leftovers, so there's nothing that's just my size.
 I can ski.
 I'd like to play a game of squash.
 I'd like to try out skydiving.
 Would you please show me that skirt?
 Should the Suez and Panama Canals be internationalized?
 Do you have a bowl for soup?
 Don't make noise while eating soup.
 Will you warm up the soup?
 Don't make noises when you eat soup.
 Do not make a noise when you eat soup.
 It's bad manners to make a noise when you eat soup.
 Have your soup without making noise.
 Don't let the soup get cold.
 When you drink soup, don't make any hissing sound.
 The soup is not cool.
 Eat your soup while it is hot.
 The soup-spoon is always on the extreme right.
 There's a hair in my soup.
 I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
 I'll put some salt in the soup.
 Add more salt to the soup.
 The soup is so hot I can't drink it.
 Wait till the soup warms.
 The soup is bubbling in the pot.
 Boil the soup down until it becomes thick.
 You have the choice of soup or salad.
 It comes with soup or salad.
 Sue picked up a pencil off the floor.
 Sue is the best tennis player in our school.
 Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
 Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn't care.
 Sue is an American student.
 Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
 The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
 The supermarket hired many part-timers.
 If you're going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
 Do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don't possess?
 The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
 There's no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them.
 Would you go to the supermarket and get some butter?
 Did you buy any meat in the supermarket?
 I'm going to drop by the supermarket.
 Working part-time at a supermarket, I found that some customers were polite whereas others weren't.
 Sue and I have always got on well.
 Sue and John decided to take the plunge.
 He was conspicuous in his suit.
 It's necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit.
 Change into your suit.
 I hesitate to pay so much for a suit.
 Can you manage to carry the suitcase by yourself?
 I'll take your suitcase to your room.
 Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
 Tighten the strap around the suitcase.
 The suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes.
 I think my suitcase was stolen.
 One of my suitcases is missing.
 Don't talk so impudently.
 I wish I could play the piano as well as Susie.
 Susie is so constituted that she cannot forgive and forget things.
 Susie could not settle her fears.
 Susie loves Japanese music.
 Susie doesn't speak Japanese, and Tom doesn't either.
 Susie sat up until midnight, when she heard a strange noise.
 Susie sometimes visits her father's office.
 Susie can type many times as fast as I can.
 Susie lent me two books, neither of which I have read as yet.
 Susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn't feeling well.
 Susie has a nice smile.
 Suzy hopes that Tom will ask her out.
 Susie's hair is very long.
 Susie's mother is a most beautiful woman.
 Susie wasn't very feminine.
 Susan is a good cook.
 Susan may not come, but Betty certainly will.
 Susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely.
 Susan enjoys listening to music.
 Susan really takes after her mother.
 Susan shined her father's shoes.
 Susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger.
 Susan is indifferent to politics.
 Susan is intelligent, and I expect her to pass the exam easily.
 Susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother's.
 Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
 Susan manages to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
 Susan is two years my senior.
 Susan is actually your half sister.
 Susan found out where the puppy had come from.
 Susan was not playing the piano then.
 Susan made a dress for Jill.
 Susan was terrified.
 Susan greeted her guests at the door.
 Susan is majoring in American history.
 It was very dark in Susan's room.
 Susan left an hour ago.
 Susan and Bob have flown from London to Sydney, Australia.
 I'm Susan Greene.
 Susan burst into tears.
 I'm amazed Sue accepted his proposal.
 The population of Sweden is on the increase.
 Sweden has a language of its own.
 Dr. Sweet's nature belied his name.
 Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
 Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
 I'm sorry, but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock.
 I'm sorry, but I didn't understand what you said in English.
 I'm sorry. It was just a slip of the tongue.
 Sorry, I'm a stranger here.
 I beg your pardon. I didn't think this was your seat.
 I'm sorry. I did you wrong.
 Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
 You've grown so tall.
 It's very warm. Shall I turn on the air conditioner?
 It was nice of you to go to so much trouble.
 The switch is off.
 The switch didn't work on time.
 Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
 While visiting Switzerland, he became ill with pneumonia.
 Switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting.
 Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
 Switzerland is a beautiful country.
 Switzerland is a neutral country.
 Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
 We will be enjoying the beautiful scenery of Switzerland.
 Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
 Switzerland boasts many sights.
 Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in spring?
 In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
 What language do they speak in Switzerland?
 Have you bought a watermelon?
 Watermelons are in season now.
 I'd like a suite.
 We were entranced by the fabulous suite.
 I have hives.
 The cymbals clashed.
 Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
 Cinderella is far fairer than her sisters.
 Cindy dozed off in the middle of her graduation examinations.
 It's freezing in this room, Cindy. I can't put up with this cold.
 Shinji found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school. However, the fact that he was an EVA pilot made him popular.
 His synchronizing rate left nothing to be desired.
 Who'll be taking over from Cynthia when she retires?
 I'd like to reserve a single room.
 I'd like a single from the 24th for two nights.
 Would you like a single or a double?
 Single, please.
 The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
 Singapore has one big problem.
 How did you like Singapore?
 Singapore's Central Fund provides pensions.
 Do you know about Singapore?
 In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
 They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
 They teach Chinese as a second national language in Singapore.
 In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
 In Singapore, one method of punishing criminals is to whip them, or hit them several times on the back with a cane.
 English is spoken in Singapore.
 I'm from Singapore.
 Could I have a glass of white wine?
 I'd like a gin and tonic.
 Don't stare at people.
 It is rude to stare at strangers.
 Polar bears live in the Arctic.
 Jiro soon arrived at his house.
 Silvia had a stern father who never praised her.
 Jill says that she's happily married, but at times you'd never know it.
 Jill looked at John sideways.
 Jill is the only girl in our club.
 Jill saw the movie with Ken.
 Jill is engaged to Jack.
 Jill is smart as well as pretty.
 Jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours!
 Do you approve of Jill's new hairstyle?
 John and Jill will take their vows as husband and wife next month.
 The orbit around Sirius is elliptical.
 I can never feel at ease among strangers.
 Stop playing cat and mouse with me and tell me the news.
 John, you're working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
 Except for John, they all arrived.
 It is hard to convince John.
 You can trust John. He will never let you down.
 John was another great player.
 John sat with arms crossed.
 John was standing alone with his arms folded.
 John talks big.
 John was busy preparing for his trip.
 John is clever.
 John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
 John talked his friends into helping the poor family.
 John did a brave thing.
 John has hardly ever gone to bed before midnight.
 John is in the habit of staying up until midnight.
 John moved forward to the gate.
 Will John come to see us tomorrow?
 John tried not to wake the sleeping baby.
 John built a bookcase.
 John was standing alone in the room with his arms folded.
 John ran into the room.
 John is better loved than his father.
 John went to America by air.
 John is very proud of his new house.
 John goes to his office on foot.
 His shrewdness marks John for success.
 John inherited a large fortune.
 John is admitted to be a fool.
 John was beating the drums loudly.
 John works hard.
 John has a car made in Japan.
 John is the taller of the two boys.
 John is looking for a book on Japanese history.
 John got suddenly ill, but in the case of Bill, he simply forgot about the meeting.
 John has to do without a stereo for the time being.
 John is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
 John has been moody since this morning.
 John stretched out on the couch.
 John listened carefully.
 John is careless. He makes many mistakes.
 John is very careless about his clothes.
 John helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking.
 John put across a big housing project.
 John hit the jackpot. His efforts paid off beyond his wildest dreams.
 John grew up to be a great artist.
 John is a far better singer than the others.
 John is too fat to run fast.
 John hung his hopes on his son.
 John came running into the room.
 John took a walk along the river.
 John had a bad cold last week.
 John casts the blame on others.
 John seems very honest by nature.
 John has a natural bent for tennis.
 John is cheerful by nature.
 John is good at mathematics.
 John belongs to the swimming club.
 John represented his class in the swimming match.
 John hopes to be independent of his parents.
 John wanted to be completely independent of his parents.
 John was praised for his good homework.
 John is a strong believer in fresh air.
 John lives above his means.
 John ran to the station so as to catch the last train.
 John started the car.
 John always breaks the ice in class.
 I think John is quite selfish, and a little bit vain. He isn't easy to get on with.
 John came to terms with his problem, which means he has accepted it.
 John makes fun of his dog.
 John tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
 John has confidence in his ability.
 John worked his company with success.
 John can't keep his family.
 John began trade personally.
 John doesn't know what to do next.
 On hearing himself praised, John was deeply embarrassed.
 John sometime goes overboard in drinking.
 John passed the examination.
 John made believe that he passed the exam.
 John is my junior by two years.
 John hit me on the head.
 John is as old as my brother.
 John is my younger brother.
 John is my best friend.
 John is a good friend of mine.
 John ignored my advice.
 John is my nephew.
 John is not my brother, but my cousin.
 John called me names.
 John is as old as I.
 John said he'd like to marry me, and I'm as happy as can be.
 John used to stand by me whenever I was in trouble.
 John is the cleverest of us all.
 After John became manager, he told me he would never have expected to reach such a high position.
 John has been collecting stamps since he was a child.
 John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
 John stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
 John was tired from working overtime.
 John was absent from school yesterday.
 John is not the man that he was three years ago.
 John came to Japan yesterday.
 John left for France yesterday.
 John skied up the slope.
 John is a good husband to his wife.
 John had a violent quarrel with his wife.
 John has put on a lot of weight recently.
 John isn't well enough to go to school today.
 John sat looking out of the window.
 John cannot be living in London now.
 What is John doing now?
 John is at his peak now.
 John should be here any minute now.
 I'd like to speak to John.
 Said John, and he was right.
 John stayed at home as he was told.
 John finished the work at the expense of his health.
 John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
 John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
 John passed among the crowd.
 John is envious of your new car.
 These days John drinks too much.
 John is easy to please.
 John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
 John did even better than was expected.
 John kept his head above water.
 John covers the Kanto area and Taro covers the Kansai area.
 John is likely to make a mistake.
 John is having a good time.
 John studied hard at school, while at home he helped his mother with her work.
 John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
 John puts his career before his family.
 John wanted to be completely independent of his family.
 John is walking in the direction of the station.
 John knows English history from A to Z.
 Has John returned to America for good?
 John is above telling a lie.
 John had to get along on a shoestring.
 John is waiting for Lucy, but the train has already left.
 Has John decided on a career yet?
 John is going to tell Lucy about the origin of rugby.
 John is much taller than Mary.
 John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping.
 John gave Mary some money.
 John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
 John accompanied Mary to the concert.
 John has not come yet, but when he does, I will call you.
 First John put on his coat, and then he picked up his hat.
 John is mad about pop music.
 John took a key out of his pocket.
 John acts like Helen's guardian.
 John made Beth his wife.
 John can really talk a blue streak about Peru.
 John comes from Florida and his wife from California.
 John can't speak French well.
 John is waiting for Mary on the platform.
 John drank many bottles of wine.
 John is cleverer than Bill.
 John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
 John is not as old as Bill; he is much younger.
 John was in such a hurry that he had no time for talking.
 John is familiar with the business.
 John picked a quarrel with college kids near him at the bar.
 John lives in New York.
 John caught a tiger and shot two lions.
 Jon is far more attractive than Tom.
 John is wrestling with Tom.
 John is very tall. He stands about seven feet.
 John spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
 Where does John live?
 I wonder why John is always late for school.
 John sent me a letter written in German.
 John kept the door open.
 John burst into laughter when he was watching TV.
 When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
 John played cat and mouse with Dick.
 John is good at chess.
 John likes chess.
 Probably John will pass the examination.
 John can't do it, nor can I, nor can you.
 John likes lying at ease on the sofa.
 John tried in vain to solve the problem.
 John ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
 She said that John must be very glad to hear the news.
 John will not answer the question.
 I don't think John is suited for the job.
 John stared at the picture.
 John laid claim to the painting.
 John can't bear the noise.
 John is sure to succeed his father in the company.
 John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
 John had put his sweater on inside out.
 John has already come to the station.
 John sang "Imagine" on the stage.
 What did John sing on the stage?
 John drinks Scotch and Mary bourbon.
 John sits by Jack.
 John was married to Jane.
 John went away without so much as saying good-by.
 John is interested in golf.
 John has the complete collection of Sam's music.
 John has no friends here.
 John is free from worry these days.
 John drinks too much these days. We have to stop him from drinking any more.
 John is sure to win the game.
 John cannot play the guitar.
 John played guitar and his friends sang.
 John can't play the guitar.
 John talked with his customer on the phone.
 John is professor of French literature at Oxford and his wife is French.
 John is as lean as a wolf.
 John always tried to live up to the example of Lincoln.
 John had awoken much earlier than usual.
 John was making mistakes all the time.
 John will make a good husband and father.
 John is a good student.
 John was too surprised to say anything.
 John is an American boy.
 John is not a man to betray you.
 John had been lazy before he met you.
 John is eighty years old but still fit.
 John will be here in five minutes.
 John is not the man he was three years ago.
 John employs workers.
 I have known John since 1976.
 John must work hard to catch up with his classmates.
 John called for the waiter in a loud voice.
 John investigated the accident thoroughly.
 John is senior to me by two years.
 John became a policeman.
 John stood still with his eyes fixed on something strange.
 John is senior to Robert.
 John claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery.
 John is seeing to the arrangements for the meeting.
 John is the taller of the two, and the tallest of them all.
 John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High".
 John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents' eyes.
 When John's neighbor saw John selling drugs, she blew the whistle on him.
 John's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
 John's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe.
 John is the taller of the two.
 John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
 John's father has some knowledge of French.
 John's business has turned out to be a complete failure.
 According to John, the bank closes at p.m.
 John's face was drawn.
 Such an honest man as John cannot have told a lie.
 John was mentioned in the paper.
 Do you know John's father died of a heart attack?
 I am going to have John repair my watch.
 John's grandmother passed away after a long illness.
 Did you hear what happened to John?
 John has two sons.
 There is enough money for John to buy a car.
 John shall have a holiday one of these days.
 Please remind me to call John at nine.
 The girl talking with John is Susan.
 The student who is talking with John is from Canada.
 In interviewing John for the job, we must take into account that he has very bad eyesight.
 John and I alternated in driving.
 John and I are old friends.
 Talking of John, what has become of his sister?
 John and Mary broke up last week.
 John and Mary differed in opinion as to that important matter.
 John and Mary loved each other.
 John and Mary always walk hand in hand.
 John and Mary have known each other since 1976.
 John and Beth are of an age.
 John and I have patched up our troubles.
 No one came to the party except John and Dick.
 There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married.
 John and Cathy have different tastes and different characters. Trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole.
 Is John available now?
 John and Ann like each other.
 John Tel is expected to delay the release of its chip set until August.
 John alone went there.
 May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
 May I present Mr Johnson to you?
 Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
 Mr Johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract.
 Mr Johnson is self-employed and is in the business of repairing furniture.
 Mr Johnson's was a large room.
 Mr Johnson insists on his theory.
 Mr Johnson is not a scholar but a poet.
 Mr Johnson ran fastest of the three.
 Mr Johnson's house is next to my house.
 The Johnsons are very sociable people, who enjoy hosting parties often.
 The Johnsons love to have parties.
 It is not that Johnson's claim is groundless, but that it is misleading.
 It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
 Mr Johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management.
 With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
 Mr Johnson is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
 Mr Johnson is a rich man.
 Is Mr Johnson in?
 There's a rumor Johnson is going to be traded.
 Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
 Lyndon Johnson took over presidency when John Kennedy was assassinated.
 Let's go as soon as John comes.
 I hope for John to come.
 I will leave when John comes.
 When John came back, he looked pale as if he had seen a ghost.
 John answered for his sister.
 It was last week that John bought a car.
 John broke the window.
 I can't imagine John coming on time.
 Either John or I am to blame.
 John hates me and it shows.
 When John retired, his son took over his business.
 It was only yesterday that John told me about his plan to go to Europe.
 John came and moved some of the boxes.
 John put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly.
 I heard John speak to Mr Brown.
 I can't understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
 No one seems to have any idea where John is.
 John has been painting the door.
 It took John about two weeks to get over his illness.
 It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
 It was in that John was shot at this spot.
 John broke the window yesterday.
 If John had of come, I needn't have.
 I'd like to speak to John Warner.
 John Lennon was born in 1940.
 It was in that John Lennon was shot at this spot.
 John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
 I swear, John. As of today, I quit smoking.
 I'll call on you, John.
 Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
 Chopin sits at the piano and begins to play.
 He goes and sits outside the class but he can't stop laughing.
 Little Johnny farts in the classroom.
 Little Johnny what are you doing sitting here laughing?
 Johnny got leave to go home.
 Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
 Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
 Johnny kept planting apple seeds for years.
 Jody looks as if she had seen a ghost.
 Is there a bus that goes to the mall?
 Could you put it in a shopping bag for me?
 The shopping center is a mile further down the road.
 Where's the shopping center?
 At the car wash next to the shopping mall.
 Some people have very fast serves.
 I have to blow my nose all the time.
 I go skiing very often.
 The shock deprived her of speech.
 The shock robbed her of speech for a moment.
 She was too shocked to speak.
 Have you recovered from the shock?
 I think jogging is good exercise.
 Jogging has become the favorite form of exercise.
 I was caught in a shower while I was jogging.
 How about taking up jogging?
 Try to lose weight by jogging.
 Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won't hurt.
 Joan dropped her husband like a hot potato.
 Joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood.
 Joan is as charming as her sister.
 Joan broke her left arm in the accident.
 Joan caught her breath when she saw the sight.
 Joan and Jane are sisters. The former is a pianist.
 Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone.
 The Joneses love their daughter.
 There is no one who has been loved by the students more than Mr Jones.
 Mr Jones reprimanded me for taking a spot of shut-eye during class.
 Mr Jones is very sensitive to the nuances of English and American usage.
 Mrs. Jones is teaching computer science.
 Mr Jones is sick and Mr Brown will teach in his place today.
 Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
 When Mr Jones gets old, he will hand over his business to his son.
 Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
 Mr Jones believes in hard work and profits.
 It is believed that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
 It is said that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
 A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
 Professor Jones retires next year.
 The Joneses pay their servant by the week.
 Jones is well qualified for the job.
 Mrs. Jones ordered the room to be swept by noon.
 Is Mr Jones in the office?
 Jones was born in the United States.
 Mr Jones was looked upon as a great scholar.
 Mr Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
 Miss Jones made a face when she heard the news.
 Mrs. Jones counts sheep every night to go to sleep.
 Mr Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
 Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
 A Mr Jones has come to see you.
 A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
 Joe purged himself of the suspicion.
 Joe insisted on my paying the money.
 Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
 Joe looked sad yesterday?
 How soon does the show begin?
 Joe excels his older brother at swimming.
 Joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor.
 Joe spends the majority of his time in sports.
 Joe was pleased at the thought of going to New York.
 Joe's nuts about the girl.
 Joe was believed to have shot the prisoner.
 The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
 When will the show begin?
 Admission to the show is $5.
 Joe's masculine smell made Louisa sick.
 The man whose work it is to amuse people who attend a show is an entertainer.
 It was Mr White that gave Joe this ticket.
 Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
 Short skirts have already gone out.
 Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
 Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
 Mr Jordan was a little surprised.
 Mr Jordan is chairperson.
 "Weren't you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
 That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
 Mr George is liked by all the students.
 Uncle George never visited us without some present.
 George Washington was the first President of the United States of America.
 Mr George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States.
 George calculated the cost of the trip.
 George did business in the same manner as his father.
 George is not serious about his study.
 George did business in the same manner as his father did.
 George is poor, but he's always happy.
 George hit him in the stomach.
 George works on a big farm.
 George had a lot of cheese for breakfast.
 George is very honest by nature.
 George does not mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
 George set up as a merchant.
 George was broken-hearted.
 George failed in business.
 George is five years senior to me.
 George married my sister.
 George accompanied me home.
 George sent me a birthday card.
 George is the captain of our team.
 George is the most diligent boy in our class.
 George was tricked into buying the land.
 George was livid!
 George began to climb all unawares.
 George is quite talkative.
 George was so tired that his doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
 George is reluctant to take on that difficult job.
 George put a chain on the dog.
 George encouraged Ellie to study hard again.
 George seems a good boy.
 George doesn't mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
 Jorge is able to speak four languages.
 George felt the train begin to move.
 George was describing a pound bass he'd caught recently after fighting it for three hours.
 George weighs not less than kilograms.
 George's sister made me some sandwiches.
 George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
 George has two cousins; one lives in Germany and the other in Switzerland.
 A man named George was staying at a hotel.
 That George will come is certain.
 I don't know if George is coming.
 Do you know where George bought his tennis racket?
 I'm not sure if George will take to this idea.
 Georgia is his native state.
 George III has been unfairly maligned by historians.
 George Washington was born in 1732.
 George Johnson is in really fine form.
 Son, I have to talk with you. Look at your mother, George.
 Just come to see me any time you feel like it, George.
 George, if you are not listening to the radio, turn it off.
 You should consult a doctor at once, George.
 There are some who don't see a joke.
 The dress in the window caught my eye.
 Grow up, Joe.
 Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
 Mr Joel is now on duty.
 It is not easy to speak English well.
 It's not Joan. You are wrong.
 Junko still depends on her parents for her living expenses.
 When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
 Julie gains pounds every month from her eating binge.
 Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
 It floored me that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow.
 Don't waste money on clothes, Julie. Save money!
 Julia felt like crying when she heard the news.
 Julia's native language is Italian.
 Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
 Schweitzer was a musician as well as a doctor.
 Tom picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
 Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
 Judy decided to wear her new bikini.
 Judy smiled at me.
 Judy laughed at me.
 Judy was born on the morning of September 5.
 Judy is a most clever student.
 Judy is fond of dancing.
 Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
 Judy is smart.
 Judy dances very well.
 Please give my best regards to Judy.
 Who runs faster, Judy or Tony?
 I'd like to speak to Judy.
 Judy spent hours on end writing and rewriting her essay.
 Judy sent her children to bed.
 Judy spends a lot of time looking in the mirror.
 Judy is the only woman on the board.
 Judy is kind to everyone.
 Judy likes him.
 I'm looking for something to clean the carpet with.
 The rugs are a good match for the curtains.
 The color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall.
 Some juice, please.
 Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
 I want a dozen cream puffs.
 Maybe just a short one.
 Schweitzer is a man to imitate.
 Good. Now go down with it.
 Then what?
 No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
 The jumbo jet touched down thundering.
 I'll take a glass of champagne.
 A shampoo and a set, please.
 We used up the shampoo.
 The champagne cork popped out.
 The champagne bubbled in the glass.
 What are those cards, Jan?
 I'd like a single with a shower, please.
 May I take a shower?
 I felt refreshed after showering.
 There's no water coming out of the shower.
 I'll take a shower.
 Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
 I can't turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
 This shower is broken.
 Sharon must be a go-getter.
 Take the jam down from the top shelf.
 Is this the only difficulty in the way?
 Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
 I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
 The bubble burst in the air.
 Unable to speak, he wrote it on a piece of paper.
 Quit talking, will you?
 I'm able to speak, and only speak, Japanese.
 His hands quivered when he began to speak.
 I talked myself hoarse.
 Hold your tongue and listen to me.
 The Japan Times was carrying the story.
 Set a thief to catch a thief.
 They call women who make a hobby out of collecting Chanel goods "Chanellers".
 Janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business.
 Janet sure knows how to stretch a dollar.
 Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
 Janet always lets me use her typewriter.
 Janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's.
 Janet and Bill are going to get hitched in June.
 Word got around that Jeanette and Dave were having an affair.
 It looks like Janet's going to be kicked upstairs.
 Janet, tend to the baby, please.
 Remove your shirt and lie down.
 Please take off your shirt.
 Change your shirt. It's very dirty.
 I mended my torn shirt, too.
 You must change your shirt - it's got wet.
 The second button of your shirt is coming off.
 Sew buttons onto a shirt.
 What is that greasy stuff on your shirt?
 I have to iron my shirt.
 Please iron the shirt.
 Could you press this button?
 You can count on Jack.
 I hiccup a lot.
 You are welcome, Jack!
 Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
 Jack bought a present for his friend.
 Jack was never to see his sister again.
 Jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car.
 Jack was caught for setting fire to the house.
 Jack broke his mother's valuable vase, but he didn't do it on purpose, so she wasn't angry.
 Jack was pacing up and down in the room, lost in thought.
 Jack resembles his father.
 It seems that Jack is sick.
 Jack was looking well, although tired.
 Scarcely had Jack seen her, he burst out crying.
 It is hard to convince Jack.
 Jack reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
 Jack tried to evade paying his taxes.
 Jack is wise beyond all others.
 Jack is an early riser.
 Jack resigned from his job in despair.
 Jack made no mistakes in the math test.
 Jack collects stamps.
 Jack has no object in life.
 Jack was laughed at by all the boys.
 Jack has a cat under his arm.
 Jack is very severe with his children.
 Jack exchanged the cow for the seeds.
 Jack is one of my friends.
 Jack is three years senior to me.
 Jack played a dirty trick on me.
 Jack is busy cooking for us.
 Jack made a lot of mistakes in his composition.
 Jack is bound to succeed this time.
 Jack is now either in London or Paris.
 Jack said he had never told a lie, but he was lying.
 Jack was lost sight of in the crowd.
 Jack insisted on having a living room to himself.
 Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
 Jack is interested in painting.
 Everybody laughed at Jack.
 Jack is a powerful acquisition for our team.
 Jack hid the dish he had broken, but his little sister told on him.
 Jack keeps a cat and a parrot at home.
 Jack speaks English.
 Jack is an evil boy full of evil ideas.
 Jack once gave a helping hand to Robert, who was in trouble; and now Robert, in turn, is of great help to Jack.
 Jack made me go there against my will.
 Jack can speak French.
 Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
 What about Jack?
 Jack will not answer my letters.
 All Jack does is sleep.
 Jack is Mary's second cousin, I believe.
 Jack insists that he has nothing to do with the crime.
 Jack seems to regret it deeply.
 Jack would often go jogging there.
 Jack may speak Spanish, too.
 Jack doesn't drive fast.
 Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
 Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
 Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
 Jack was born on August tenth.
 Jack has been living in New York for six years.
 Jack was tired from having walked fifty miles.
 Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room.
 Jack bores me with stories about his trip.
 Jack's adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers.
 Jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
 Jack's car is a recent model.
 Who is the pretty girl sitting beside Jack?
 Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
 How long have you known Jack?
 Jack and I agreed to work at the office on Saturdays by turns.
 Who was at the party beside Jack and Mary?
 Jack and Betty have been going steady for a month.
 Jack and Peggy were married by the Rev. John Smith.
 Jack, Jill and Alice went up the hill.
 Jack Daniel's is a Tennessee whiskey.
 We are all poor swimmers with the possible exception of Jack.
 Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
 It was the window that Jack broke yesterday.
 It isn't true that Jack is no good at music; on the contrary, he plays the piano well.
 It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
 Jack isn't here.
 Don't be so wild, Jack.
 Jackie's efforts to help homeless people backfired on her.
 Two shirts and suits, please. There's a stain here.
 Your shirt is inside out.
 Jazz is not my speciality.
 Jazz uses the same notes that Bach used.
 Good day. See you soon.
 It looks like Jacob has been bitten by the love bug.
 What annoys me is that, although I object, she insists on buying it.
 Miss Jackson did not appear.
 Mr Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
 Have you dug up the potatoes?
 I'll boil you the potatoes.
 I want some potatoes. Do you have any?
 The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America.
 Potatoes were introduced by the Dutch from Jakarta.
 When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
 Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
 Potatoes were being cooked in the kitchen by the girls.
 Ms Jaguar offered Mr Clinton the position because she had faith in his capabilities.
 But ... did that tenth child have a different father to the ones before him?
 Shylock is greedy, and what is worse, very stingy.
 Beat the Giants!
 The Giants lost the game by points.
 The Giants were well on the way to defeat.
 Which do you like better, the Giants or the Dragons?
 Let's hit the hay.
 Can you order one for me?
 All right. Please order it.
 Let's build on your plan.
 How old is he then?
 I always thought that Shirley and Alan would get together.
 Could you lend me a few mechanical pencil leads?
 See you at the party.
 I hope to be a journalist.
 His career as a journalist was full of distinguished achievements.
 Until then.
 Let me tell you something.
 Can I have the key now, please?
 So you give up, right?
 Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
 Sounds like a pretty good idea, after all.
 At least let me help with the table.
 I'll meet you at the ball park.
 A damp, cold day affects a person's health.
 All but Jim came.
 Did anybody other than Jim see her?
 We tried to persuade Jim to join us.
 Jim is coming to the party, too.
 Jim is taller than any of his friends.
 Jim is a man of his word.
 Jim studies far into the night.
 Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room.
 Jim drove too fast, which was reckless.
 Jim is not a lawyer but a doctor.
 Jim mastered French and German.
 Jim went fishing from the pier.
 Jim accompanied her on the piano.
 Jim went back to London for the purpose of seeing her.
 Jim could hear whom she was phoning.
 Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
 Jim was born in the same year as he.
 You cannot rely upon Jim's words since he tries to please everybody.
 Jim has a white hat on his head.
 Jim can read Japanese.
 Jim has learned to like Japanese dishes.
 Jim has learned to like Japan.
 Jim was afraid of physical labor.
 Jim answered my question without difficulty.
 Jim is about to take a trip to southeast Asia.
 Jim slipped on the icy road and got hurt.
 Jim was able to hold back his anger.
 Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
 Jim is watering the garden.
 Jim jumped for joy when the news came.
 Jim was counted out in the seventh round.
 Jim kicks a ball very well.
 Jim can be said to be a man of many talents.
 Jim climbed out of the boat on to the bank.
 Jim suggested that the teacher might be wrong.
 Jim wrote to me last week and said he had come back two months before.
 Jim went into the room quietly lest he should wake the baby.
 Jim got dismissed for his misconduct in office.
 Jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
 Jim seems to know the art of making friends with girls.
 Jim went out, but Mary stayed home.
 Jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination.
 Jim set out to write something in his notebook.
 Jim put his hand up.
 Jim is at work on his car.
 Jim is learning how to drive a car.
 Jim persists in his opinion.
 Jim attributes his success to hard work.
 Jim boasts of having passed the exam.
 Jim was caught cheating in the examination.
 Jim wants whipping for insulting me.
 Jim called me a coward.
 Jim pointed out some grammatical mistakes in my composition.
 Jim is in my black book.
 Jim called me a cab.
 Jim said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
 Jim left Paris yesterday.
 Jim will not come today.
 Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
 We believed that Jim had made a mistake.
 Jim turned the key in the lock.
 Jim has broad shoulders.
 Jim studies as hard as his brother does.
 Jim will accept your proposal.
 Jim is not the man that you think him to be.
 Jim is liked by all his classmates.
 As soon as Jim got home, he made a beeline for the rest room.
 Jim is studying hard for his finals.
 Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
 Jim had hardly got home when he crept into bed.
 Jim really knows his way around the store from his years working there.
 Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
 Jim's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain.
 Though Jim works very hard, his job does not pay very much.
 Jim runs as fast as Ron.
 Jim has gone to London.
 Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
 Jim made a superfluous remark.
 Jim works hard, but John is idle.
 Jim promised me not to come again.
 Jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road.
 Jim fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
 Jim got a job as a waiter.
 Jim hasn't come yet.
 Jim hasn't been home yet.
 Jim dropped his pen and bent to pick it up.
 Jim is about as tall as Bill.
 Jim likes to play the drum.
 Jim goes to school by bus.
 "How does Jim go to school?" "He goes by bus."
 Jim was so tired that he lay down and slept.
 Where is Jim?
 Jim kicked the ball very hard.
 Jim likes the doctor.
 I've heard Jim rejected the proposal.
 Jim must be hospitalized at once.
 Jim pulled a muscle in his leg while skiing.
 Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
 Jim seized Julie by the arm.
 Jim had his camera stolen.
 Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
 Jim knows most anything about motorcycles.
 Jim resembles his father.
 Jim didn't wake up until his mother woke him.
 Jim has been laid up with flu for three days.
 Jim has asked Anne out several times.
 It seemed that Jim had missed the seven o'clock train.
 Jim ate three apples and said he could eat as many again.
 Jim acted very strangely all day.
 Jim sat alone with his arms folded.
 Jim got down from the tree.
 Jim makes a point of jogging three miles every day.
 Jim is not what he was.
 Jim is Canadian.
 Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
 Jim is what is called an absent-minded student.
 Jim's parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
 Jim's father always comes home late.
 Jim's college boasts the finest view in the city.
 Jim's uncle is due to retire next year.
 I can't go along with Jim's plan.
 Don't speak ill of Jim in his absence.
 Jim is no more to blame than you are.
 Why don't you share your cookies with Jim?
 She was glad to have Jim say her name.
 The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
 Jim and Mike threw the ball back and forth.
 Do you know where Jim and Nancy are?
 Jim is short for James.
 Not only Jim but his parents are sick.
 We had been talking about Jim when he entered the room.
 Jim stayed at my house.
 Either Jim or I have to tell her about it.
 Two years have passed since Jim graduated from high school.
 I wish Jim would behave himself.
 Jim opens the door.
 It is certain that Jim stayed at home that day.
 How long have you known Jim Robinson?
 Jim Waller is a strong candidate for the post of sales manager.
 Jim, don't run about in the room.
 Shut the window, Jim.
 I couldn't scrub the stain out.
 Jimmy was accustomed to his friends making fun of him.
 Jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
 Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
 Is Jimmy writing a letter?
 Jimmy knows everything about cars.
 Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
 Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
 Jimmy will often sit up all night.
 Jimmy is coughing badly because he has a cold.
 Jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation.
 Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
 Jimmy's pictures were different from other people's.
 Say hello to Jimmy.
 Jimmy was not at home, as is often the case with him.
 Jimmy insist on my taking him to the zoo.
 It is time you went to bed, Jimmy.
 Jimmy, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs.
 Oh, no. I broke a string in my racket.
 Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
 The Siberian Railway is at once the longest and best known railway in the world.
 The Siberian tiger is on the verge of extinction.
 He impatiently asked for repayment.
 Don't eat till the numbness wears off.
 Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
 If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
 The recovery of Japan's economy, which has been in a recession for some time, is finally under way.
 Please hold the line a moment.
 You'll have to visit me regularly for a while.
 Keep an eye on the baby for a while.
 You must keep quiet for a while.
 Have you ever got in your car after a long absence and got the brake mixed up with the accelerator?
 Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
 I had been reading a magazine for some time when she came.
 Give me some time to think it over.
 Let me think for a while.
 I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
 Shall we take a short rest?
 I felt better after I took a rest.
 Keep quiet in bed for a while.
 Why don't you have a rest for a while?
 Please remain seated for a few minutes.
 They were both silent for a while.
 I don't mind waiting for a while.
 Nice to see you again.
 After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
 After a while, the man came into the room.
 Hold still for a moment, please.
 After a while, the children settled down.
 After a while she began to play the piano again.
 They began to walk after a while.
 After a while he found out the answer.
 After a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm.
 It was some time before he realized his mistake.
 He began to talk nonsense after a while.
 After a while, he came.
 After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
 After a while, it grew dark.
 They began to walk again after a while.
 After a while, he came to.
 Can I ride this horse for a while?
 I think I'll stay put in this town for a while.
 Hold on for a while, please.
 Can I ride this horse for a long time?
 Will you stay here for a while?
 Would you mind my staying here for some time?
 Wait here for a while.
 The dew has fallen on the lawn.
 More often than not, he had to go in person.
 They communicate with each other often by mail.
 As often as not, we lay awake all night.
 As is often said, it is difficult to adjust yourself to a new environment.
 There was a silence.
 Could I have three cinnamon donuts?
 I heard you have become Branch Manager of the Sydney office.
 Sydney has a beautiful natural harbor.
 Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
 The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
 I hope to visit Sydney again.
 To tell the truth, they are not husband and wife.
 I saw a dog and its tail was cut short.
 The Ship Island region was as woody and tenantless as ever.
 The truth is that he is good by nature.
 My zipper stuck halfway up.
 Stand still and keep silent.
 As she watched, the birds, especially Chizuko's golden crane, looked alive in a light autumn breeze.
 After patiently listening to the audience's complaints, the judges changed the results.
 Hold still or you'll be shot.
 I have a persistent cough.
 No one stops to listen to him.
 You have to be patient about your recovery.
 Study hard.
 Hold on tight, otherwise you will fall off.
 Go in and win!
 With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
 Pull yourself together, now. There's no point in crying.
 It matters little what kind of books one reads, so long as one has sound judgement.
 The stew was not half bad.
 What's going on down there?
 Don't excuse what you have done.
 Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
 For world peace, therefore, we must develop the consciousness that we are all one people of planet Earth through continual international cultural and economic exchange.
 Hence one can say that, of all political ideals, that of making people happy is the most dangerous.
 Thus you cannot indulge in the pleasure of spending money freely.
 Do whatever you want to do.
 Single people enjoy more freedom to do what they want and enjoy living a less restricted social life.
 It is difficult to overcome this shortcoming without drastically changing the whole system.
 Changing the system is difficult, not to mention the interpersonal relationships.
 This unexpected malfunctioning of the system was caused by improper wiring.
 Please push the Ctrl+Alt+Del key to log on the system.
 There are cases where the system doesn't go.
 I will not be able to pick up Shigemi at the kindergarten.
 Could you please pick Shigemi up for me at the day-care center?
 He is anxious to go with you.
 I'll be right back.
 He soon became confidential with the man.
 It will not be long before the bridge is built.
 It's going to rain soon. Look at those black clouds.
 It is likely to rain soon.
 We made a date to meet soon.
 Tom soon adapted himself to school life.
 You will recover from your weakness soon.
 He took a beautiful shot at a deer.
 And yet the large blocks of stone are fitted together so closely that you cannot put in the point of a knife between them.
 And among the good there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims, just as there are among the bad.
 A frown may express anger or displeasure.
 A baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
 Abide by the inevitable.
 The current low status of the elderly may be changing, however.
 But his eyes were blue and bright.
 But the compass isn't in the head of the bee, it's in the body.
 But as civilizations grew more complex, better methods of communication were needed.
 Barter, however, was a very unsatisfactory system because people's needs seldom matched exactly.
 But they never lose their way.
 But how can they do this?
 But, he didn't keep his promise.
 But he can't enjoy hot summers.
 But he was lucky.
 But he is bad at reading English.
 But he was excited too.
 But he doesn't know it yet.
 But his friends call him Ken.
 But few of them are worth reading.
 But in spite of the merits of being single, they do want to get married some day.
 However, the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form.
 But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
 But the boy stayed away for a long time.
 But no man could help me.
 But she had not expected to cross an ocean, enter a new and romantic-sounding country, and find herself in exactly the same position.
 But they look very green, don't they?
 But being bored is also fun in a way.
 But showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one.
 If the other party does not offer personal information, however, it is better to leave it alone.
 But light does not travel at the same speed through all materials; it goes slower through some than through others.
 That, however, tells you just about as much as you would know about water if you were told that it was wet.
 But every man had to give five years of service to the government.
 But people have little hope.
 But whoever lives by the truth come into the right.
 But more often than not, we came back empty-handed.
 But I slept right through the class. Don't you ever sleep through an eight-thirty class?
 But I wasn't afraid.
 Even today, however, women struggle against discrimination.
 But today smoking in public places is forbidden or strictly restricted.
 Nowadays, however, calculators can be used freely in school examinations, and already in many schools the only sound to be heard during a math exam is the sound of children tapping on their calculators.
 But today, a lot of young people are following her example.
 However, I can't help noticing, at this moment, that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man.
 But now things have changed tremendously.
 But you're not there.
 But you don't want to bend the knees too much.
 But, to his credit, he didn't say anything against her.
 But we carried on without him.
 We believe, however, that over a period of time, we will be able to make remittance in full settlement.
 However, Lucy is about to leave her home.
 But Pepperberg says working with the parrot has already changed the way of looking at animals.
 However, his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about Brian.
 One evening, however, when Miss Baker got back to the college a few minutes before the time by which all students had to be in, she found another car in her parking space.
 However, the amount of wind available varies with the location and the season of the year.
 However, the quantity was not correct.
 His words, however, were not believed at all.
 Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries, and the Japanese, likewise, find foreigners difficult to understand.
 What I most noticed about my Japanese high school, however, was the great respect shown by students toward their teachers.
 However, only the human community has verbal languages as a means of communication.
 Real change for most black people, however, was very slow in coming.
 Why people fall into these categories, however, is a mystery.
 There was, however, a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth, and chopsticks came along to meet that need.
 However, the color was different from the sample color in your catalog.
 I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
 However, it is too expensive.
 However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
 However, Beth seems to be indifferent to Chris's grief.
 The interpretation of this data, however, is very much in dispute.
 This problem, however, should be considered more carefully.
 The strike had not been peaceful, however, and Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. begged both sides to be patient and calm.
 We concluded, however that the price of 5,000,yen was too high.
 But you know, there's no telling about that other world.
 But in the end he put the book on the fire.
 But it looked comfortable.
 But the answers were all wrong.
 But in return they get a clear look at important games, and if they miss something, they can always rely on the commentator's description or the instant replay.
 But then, full of guilt, I sat down at my desk one evening.
 But Susan promised that she would call.
 However, this has not always been true.
 But this is an issue to which we return later.
 However, please put this book away first.
 But where is this compass?
 That proved to be no more than an expression of optimism when World War II began.
 But you do. Please help me.
 However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
 But poor people did not go to concerts.
 But after she does that with the first glass, what is she going to do with the second one?
 However, he was hurt when she quickly disposed of the present.
 But they will come here tomorrow.
 But he plays soccer with his friend.
 But he knew he had no choice.
 He might, however, have seen a wooden peg of a different size or color.
 But he did not often smile.
 But his friends got together to help him.
 I cannot, however, neglect his warning.
 But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him.
 But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
 But the farmer smiled at him.
 But there are always some cheap standing tickets for the finals that you can buy on the day.
 However, we can be people of the earth.
 But no one's lifted a finger.
 But it was not successful for long because everyone, even religious people, had a strong attraction to the game.
 But, most smokers try to avoid thinking about these things.
 But in many ways, the bird called Alex is unusual, for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had.
 But all in all, things have gone well.
 But everyone else is still.
 But human beings are different.
 But not really.
 But I want a car.
 But this is not true.
 But a collection of facts is not science any more than a dictionary is poetry.
 However, I'm not good at speaking English.
 But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
 But my mother always answered.
 But we can't understand him.
 But the first thing we say is "hello."
 But she liked children and she enjoyed her work.
 But he needed a job.
 But my older sister is good at swimming.
 However, a new type of humor, which stems largely from America, has recently come into fashion.
 But now I live in Tokyo.
 Only through protest can a free and open society be maintained.
 In the case of language, however, it is only the ability to talk and understand that we inherit genetically; the particular language or languages that we speak are passed on to us not by genetic transmission but by cultural transmission.
 Yet giving up is not impossible.
 But if we were wholly rational, would we want children at all?
 But Tuesday mornings were different, because Tuesday was music day.
 However, they can help him breathe with a machine.
 However, I have no money.
 But the robot made trouble.
 However, if he is brain-dead, he will never think, speak, or hear again.
 But you know it's all in Japanese.
 But soon he would not be able to walk, write, or even eat by himself.
 But he was always happy to leave again.
 Most studies, however, have not focused on the influence Emmet's theory had on computer graphics.
 But the Nobel Committee said that poverty was a threat to world peace, and Mother Teresa worked against poverty.
 But Tony was not a clever boy.
 But how that comes about I am at a loss to explain.
 But he wanted a son very much.
 But the benefits are significant at all ages.
 But very very difficult.
 But the rise in prices is a consequence of that policy.
 But then he fell in love with Jane Wilde, a student studying languages in London.
 But, then again, Latin was already a "dead language" by that time.
 But, that thing is said to no one.
 Not only career-minded women have desire to work.
 But when the monkey came back, the tin cup was always empty.
 But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
 But there had been no indications Gorbachev was having any sort of health problems, and it is not exactly clear what's happened to him now.
 But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
 But this claim is emphatically not the one that Dennett is making.
 But this did not stop him from using his mind and presenting his ideas at physics meetings around the world.
 But the reason I came baptizing with water was that he might be revealed to Israel.
 But the Evans were clean and they had enough to eat.
 But the temple he had spoken of was his body.
 But Jesus would not entrust himself to them.
 However, like America, Japan is predominantly a middle-class, middle-income country, and so wives do not employ maids, but attend to everything themselves.
 However, in America, sports teams are generally chosen by skill, and academic courses by ability.
 But still you people do not accept our testimony.
 But among you stands one you do not know.
 Can I reserve a flight to Chicago?
 We flew from New York to St. Louis by way of Chicago.
 I want a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
 Chicago is the principal city of the Middle West.
 It was raining around Chicago.
 I'll call you as soon as I get to Chicago.
 Her decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
 I'd like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago.
 Can I stop over in Chicago?
 I stayed in Chicago over two months.
 Snow is apt to fall in Chicago in late November.
 The plane from Chicago arrived at the airport late at night.
 John cannot keep his family.
 A gentleman is a man of independent means.
 I left Jeremy poring over his notes for his first accountancy exam tomorrow.
 Yes, I'll have sherry.
 Jerry is the bean counter for our company.
 Did Jerry really win a lottery?
 Shelly's really filled out since the last time I saw her.
 Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
 Jeffrey is called Jeff by his friends.
 Jeff seems to know where she is.
 Jeff had to pound the pavement for three months before he found a job.
 Jeff lost yesterday's match, but I'm sure he is a promising tennis player.
 Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
 Jeff and Mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
 Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
 It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
 Jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety.
 Jenny thanked me for the gift.
 If you hear from Jenny, could you tell her I would like to see her?
 The jet roared during takeoff.
 The jet landed at Tokyo.
 The jet plane flew away in an instant.
 The jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower.
 Jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
 I don't know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane.
 A jet airliner does not admit of careless handling.
 The jets took off one after another.
 Gestures are not used by them.
 Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
 Jane wrote the letter herself.
 It is exciting to welcome Jane.
 Jane plays tennis too.
 Jane asked me if I would like to cook.
 Jane is to teach our students from next week.
 Jane is to be married next month.
 Jane affirmed that she was telling the truth.
 When Jane played horse with her father, she held on to him tightly.
 Jane is sick in bed.
 Jane took her dog for a walk.
 Jane laughed away the sorrow.
 Jane is out shopping.
 Jane had a yellow ribbon in her hair.
 Jane was waiting with her back against the tree.
 Jane is mature beyond her years.
 Jane prefers dogs to cats.
 Jane is familiar with the Japanese language.
 Jane has made great progress in Japanese.
 Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
 Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
 Jane was boiling.
 Jane made an angry gesture.
 Jane kept silent for a long time.
 Jane was dressed as a man.
 Jane is talking with somebody.
 Jane is in serious trouble.
 Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
 Jane keeps early hours.
 Though Jane is not a good runner, she can swim very fast.
 Jane liked to make believe she was a teacher.
 Jane lent me this book of hers last week.
 Jane couldn't explain the beauty of snow.
 Jane could not stop herself from crying aloud.
 Jane is interested in flower arrangement.
 Jane grew up to be a fine lady.
 Jane filled out an application.
 Jane went out of her way to be nice to the new girl.
 Jane makes the utmost effort to win.
 Jane has been doing her assignment.
 Jane has been acting in films since she was eleven.
 Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
 Jane is the president's secretary.
 Jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it.
 Jane insisted that she was right.
 Jane felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident.
 Jane threw a glance at us.
 Jane begged to see my new house.
 Jane is as old as I am.
 Jane gave me the same present as Wendy did.
 Jane kicked at our decision.
 Jane is absent from school today.
 Jane is as beautiful a girl as her sister.
 Jane may not be at home now.
 I wonder when Jane will come next time.
 Jane looks happy.
 Jane is not capable of learning from experience.
 Jane didn't buy it after all.
 Jane may be playing tennis with my brother.
 Jane understands your way of thinking.
 Jane studied herself in the mirror.
 Jane doesn't know as much about Nara as she does about Kyoto.
 Jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we've drifted apart over the past few years.
 Will Jane sing?
 Jane said that it was time to go home.
 What did Jean make?
 Jean ate the osechi cooking his wife cooked for herself.
 Jane is not able to swim.
 Has Jane left Japan for good?
 Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
 Jane ran after the deer as fast as possible.
 Jane has read "Snow Country" before.
 Jane knew a lot about sumo, as if she had seen it before.
 Jane was on top of the world when she got a record contract.
 If Jane does not rest more, she may have a nervous breakdown.
 Jane swims better than Yumi.
 Jane won't come to meet me any more.
 Jane is not so tall as Mary.
 Jane was about to leave the house.
 Jane has it in for Bob because he didn't help her.
 Jane is loved by Peter.
 Jane has five handbags.
 Jane spent a very flat weekend.
 Jane looks very happy.
 Jane is very pretty and kind.
 Jane looks very pale.
 Jane sometimes runs to school.
 Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
 Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
 Jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate.
 Jane is a most charming girl.
 Jane is not such a bad sort.
 Jane will be excited to see the flowers.
 Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
 Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
 Jane got too nervous when her turn came, and she blew her lines.
 Jane saw the students acting well on the stage.
 Jane can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
 Jane is as clever as any girl in her class.
 Jane will never forget this past year. Neither will we.
 Jane was fuming.
 Jane swims like a brick.
 Jane grew taller than her mother.
 Don't you think Jane takes after her father?
 Jane went to the bank to take out some money.
 Jane was billed to appear as Ophelia.
 Jane will get straight A's.
 Jane comes from Australia.
 Jane always made out that she was very rich.
 Jane was quite at a loss when and where to go.
 Jane wishes she could see sumo in England.
 Jane experienced many things in a year. So did I.
 Jane wore the same ribbon as her mother did.
 Jane calls a spade a spade.
 Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
 I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
 Jane's dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
 Jane is more attractive than Susan.
 It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
 I am looking at the pictures of Jane.
 Jane didn't die a natural death.
 What Jane said made the atmosphere less tense.
 This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
 This necklace of Jane's is a gift from her grandmother.
 Jane's farewell speech made us very sad.
 Jane has a lot of clothes to wash.
 Jane has a Japanese friend who speaks English well.
 Jane no longer needed an explanation of Mt. Fuji.
 She can't ski any more than Jane can.
 Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
 Jane and I play the piano very well.
 Jane and Mary are always competing for attention.
 Jane Smith works very hard at her office.
 It took Jane twenty hours to fly to Japan.
 If Jane had not come to our home by car, I would have served her amazake.
 Jane came to our town three years ago.
 Jane had hardly entered the room when the students gathered around her.
 Why did Jane go to the station?
 It was too difficult for Jane to go to school alone.
 Jane cannot have said such a thing.
 You come here, Jane, and you go over there, Jim.
 What's the matter, Jane? You look like you aren't feeling well.
 We elected James chairman.
 James was caught in a shower.
 James Gould found them in bees too.
 I had a call from James out of the blue.
 Shakespeare created many famous characters.
 Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.
 Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy.
 Shakespeare knew only a little Latin, but he put the little he knew to very good use.
 Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
 In Shakespeare's time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
 Shakespeare is too hard to read.
 No dramatist can compare with Shakespeare.
 Talking of Shakespeare, have you ever read his work?
 Jane brushed the tears from her eyes.
 Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
 Jane married young.
 Jane offered to take care of our children when we were out.
 I haven't heard from Jane since she moved to Tokyo.
 James Bond was always depicted as a high roller in his movies.
 Jay picked up the old scissors.
 Shakespeare is recognized to be the greatest dramatist.
 I believe Shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived.
 Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has ever produced.
 Shakespeare is a great poet.
 Shakespeare was a contemporary of Marlowe.
 Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
 Shakespeare is as great a dramatist as ever lived.
 Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
 Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
 Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has produced.
 The plays of Shakespeare fall into four periods.
 Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
 Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
 Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
 Jean is something less than an expert pianist.
 Jean and Kate are twins.
 It is easy to work in jeans.
 Jeans go with everything.
 Is it OK if I go in jeans?
 The jeans looked none the cleaner for having been washed.
 The coelacanth inhabits the deep sea.
 We are sold out of jeans.
 I got a hole in my jeans.
 Move the knob at the side of the seat forwards, collapse the seat.
 Please adjust the seat to fit you.
 Fasten your seat belt, please.
 Please fasten your seat belt and observe the "no smoking" sign until it is turned off.
 Please fasten your seat belt.
 Fasten your seat belt.
 Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for departure.
 Hotels are cheaper in the off season.
 Remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened.
 Caesar leaves Gaul, crosses the Rubicon, and enters Italy.
 The Secret Service has to answer for the safety of the president.
 I'll give you Dr. Shiegal's telephone number.
 I want to go to Seattle.
 The samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world.
 If you would like to have a sample, please let us know.
 To San Francisco, please.
 Welcome to San Francisco.
 San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
 San Francisco is on the West Coast of the U.S.
 What time is it now in San Francisco?
 San Francisco is only one-tenth as populous as New York.
 What time do we get to San Francisco?
 What a beautiful city San Francisco is!
 It's an African country, so you may think the climate is very hot.
 I'm from Zambia.
 Sandra eats all Japanese food except natto.
 Sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
 Sandra has grown up to be a beautiful woman.
 Sandra offered me her seat on the train.
 Sandra spent twice as much as I did.
 I do not want any sandwiches.
 How long would a sandwich take?
 Which are heavier, sandwiches or onigiris?
 Two tickets to San Diego, please.
 I don't believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
 He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
 I give a good scolding.
 Sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun.
 The monkey came down.
 Cool fall is here.
 Monkey see, monkey do.
 A monkey is mature at a few years old.
 We saw a troop of monkeys moving from tree to tree.
 Sally didn't exactly agree with Bill, but she supported him.
 Sally gave him a Christmas present.
 Sally recalled the days when her grandma was strong and healthy.
 Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
 Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
 Sally has been on a diet since last month.
 Sally and I work in the same office.
 Sally gave me a good piece of information.
 Sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog.
 Sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays.
 Sally met Harry at the station.
 Sally missed two weeks of school, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
 Beth argued that Sally was only pretending to be innocent.
 Sally earns her living by giving piano lessons.
 Sally called on Mr Taylor.
 Sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty.
 Sally was constantly changing her hairstyle.
 Sally exchanged a twenty-dollar bill for five-dollar bills.
 Sally's classmates are always making a fool of her.
 Sally Palmer is not a woman to be trifled with.
 Please take the dishes away.
 White-collar workers face many difficulties.
 Sarah was at a low ebb for several weeks after her mother died.
 Sarah demanded that she be given a refund.
 Sarah gets very bored listening to her grandparents rambling on about old times.
 To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
 For further information, see page 16.
 Another ten years went by quickly.
 Do you have any further questions?
 For further inquiries, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 0120-00-0000.
 As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
 Three more passengers got on the bus.
 To make matters worse, it began to rain.
 To make matters worse, there were signs of a fearful storm.
 Further study will prove that the theory is right.
 To make matters worse, it began to snow.
 To make matters worse, he fell ill.
 To make matters worse, he began to drink sake.
 To make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
 To make matters worse, it began snowing.
 To make matters worse, his mother became ill.
 To make matters worse, it began to thunder fiercely.
 Again, there is another side to the story.
 Still others simply travel around America in recreational vehicles, seeing parts of the country they had been too busy to see before.
 Still others are traders who have always lived by trading and continue to follow their traditional ways.
 And in the Indian Ocean, some islands of the Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water.
 What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
 About two miles farther on, the road bent to the right.
 Another ten minutes' walk brought us to the shore.
 In addition, there have been changes in husband-wife relationships.
 The best efforts of the human race, in addition, were necessary to assist the gods in their cosmic task.
 Where a painting's general sense seems clear, moreover, the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt.
 In addition many groups have been formed so that the elderly can socialize with one another and remain active participants in American life.
 Help yourself to the salad.
 Would you like some salad?
 Please help yourself to the salad.
 I want Italian dressing on my salad.
 There's no salad oil left.
 I must say good-bye to you.
 She just said good-bye and hung up the phone.
 Good-bye, take it easy.
 Don't go off without saying good-by.
 I'll be seeing you.
 Goodbye till tomorrow.
 So long, have a good time.
 Goodbye, Sayoko.
 He studied hard; otherwise he would have failed again.
 Otherwise he would not have won the first prize.
 Otherwise you won't get there before dark.
 Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
 The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
 A shark snapped the man's leg off.
 Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
 Sam helps whoever asks him to.
 Sam is familiar with things Japanese.
 Sam is earnest about his work.
 Sam is serious about his work.
 Sam has promised to pay the money at the end of the month.
 Sam owns a fishmonger's business.
 Sam made the school basketball team.
 Sam went skiing in January.
 Sam is two years younger than Tom.
 Sam couldn't figure out how to use the machine.
 Sam has already done his homework.
 Sam keeps waiting for his ship to come in.
 Sam is a philosopher, isn't he?
 Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
 I tried to persuade Sam to give up his plan, only to fail.
 Sam doesn't have the stamina to finish a marathon.
 Sam owes what he is today to his father.
 It was strictly a family affair for Sam Jones.
 Tom, don't you leave me.
 Sam, what are you doing?
 Sam, don't!
 Sam, this is gonna take you hours.
 The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
 After the summit, President Mitterand said that he dissociated himself from the statement.
 It is in this room that the summit will be held.
 I'm drowning in sadness falling far behind.
 To John, Sammy was an ideal singer.
 Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
 He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
 Many forms of life are disappearing.
 Oil is necessary to run various machines.
 That serves you right.
 At the summer camp, she was in charge of the group I belonged to.
 Take a look at the FAQ before you call tech support.
 If you are going to the safari park, take the No.bus.
 Better wear out than rust out.
 It is better to wear out than to rust out.
 As rust eats iron, so care eats the heart.
 The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
 The Sahara is a vast desert.
 Well, let's get down to business.
 Now let's return to the main problem of education.
 We now turn to a different problem.
 Let's go on to the next subject.
 Now, you ask me if I've flown a major airline.
 So you are back again.
 Now, look at the picture, every one.
 Now everything is fixed.
 Now, said Mr Wood.
 Now here is a story about a Japanese girl named Haru-chan.
 Now, before I say any more, listen to this;
 Now let us get down to a serious talk.
 Now, I would like you to imagine a map of Great Britain.
 Well, let's have lunch.
 Where do you want to go for our first lesson?
 Now stop asking questions, Pip. I'm busy.
 But now to our next topic.
 Now I'll introduce my parents to you.
 Well, let's start our work.
 Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus.
 Well, I'm afraid I must be leaving. I had a nice time.
 Now, I put this card into the hat. See?
 Now, think about England and Wales, and imagine them divided into smaller parts.
 Now you must answer some big questions.
 Now, what is your opinion?
 Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
 At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
 She grabbed a shower.
 I will set about my task at once.
 Dig in your homework now.
 Do your homework without delay.
 We'd better get a move on.
 Slip on your shoes.
 Let's complete this picture quickly.
 You should be frank, and they will treat you as a friend.
 The telephone was just ringing, wasn't it?
 Mary was looking for you at that time.
 It's hard to believe it was so clear and sunny up to just now.
 You kept nodding off during that lecture, didn't you?
 That move was a big mistake.
 I'm getting tired of driving on this winding road.
 That person has had an odd grin on his face for a while. What do you suppose is behind it?
 As a soccer player he is second to none.
 Let's play soccer.
 It is interesting to play soccer.
 Do you play soccer or rugby?
 A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
 Soccer is more popular than baseball.
 Soccer is not necessarily confined to men.
 Soccer is very popular among Japanese students.
 Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
 Soccer is an exciting game.
 Soccer is the most popular in Brazil.
 In my opinion, soccer is a great sport.
 Soccer is more popular than tennis.
 Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
 Soccer is an exciting sport.
 Please explain the rules of soccer to me.
 The soccer team is led by Tom.
 I am really into soccer.
 Of soccer and rugby, I prefer the latter.
 The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
 A soccer team consists of eleven players.
 I like soccer best.
 Satan's ghost awakes.
 It must have been a shock to you.
 You must be very hungry now.
 I dare say you are tired.
 Like the great scholar that he was, he answered the question easily.
 Excellent! It's just like you to come through like that.
 That's just what one would expect of him.
 I'd rather you didn't, if you don't mind.
 For the time being, she is clerking in a department store.
 There will be no big typhoon for the moment.
 For the moment, we want to postpone making a decision.
 I have nothing to tell you for the moment.
 This will do us for the present.
 We will leave this question aside for the moment.
 We should wait here for the moment.
 Let me donate what little money I have with me.
 Sazae is always forgetting her own phone number.
 It is a trivial matter.
 Don't let a little quarrel come between us.
 Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.
 Cherries are ripe in June or July.
 The cherry trees were in flower.
 Sakura's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
 I crunch through the snow.
 I have in-growing eyelashes.
 His affection for Saori was not reciprocated.
 Don't interrupt me but hear me out, please.
 Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
 You must look over the contract before you sign it.
 Will you sign it for me?
 Please refrain from smoking until the sign is turned off.
 Fortunately, the fire was put out before it became too serious.
 Welcome to Cyberspace!
 He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
 The siren blew.
 My side mirror is out of alignment.
 I'd like some cider, please.
 Are these all the sizes you have?
 Do you know your size?
 Size 9, I think.
 Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn't pollute the air.
 Which do you like better, cycling or jogging?
 Now tell me.
 Here we are at Himeji Station.
 Here we were at Tokyo Station.
 Here we are!
 Come on, answer quickly.
 Here we are at Ueno Station.
 Everything is ready now for our start.
 Let's start now, and you go first.
 Let's be off now.
 Now let's begin the game.
 Shall we begin?
 Let's get down to work.
 Let's go at our work.
 Now, let's turn to work.
 Let's get down to business.
 It's now my turn.
 Come on! I can't wait any more.
 Come on, Ken.
 Tell me. I'm all ears.
 Here we are at the theater.
 Let's sing a song.
 Hurry up, you lot!
 You have to investigate that problem.
 Service industries include communication, transportation, distribution, finance and a host of other areas which do not involve production of goods.
 Service economy is a useful labor that does not produce a tangible commodity.
 The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
 No other hotel can beat this one for service.
 We complained about the poor service.
 Everything is ready now for the party.
 Here comes the bus.
 Is something going on with your server?
 Do come in!
 The server was down.
 I can't check my mail. The server is down.
 Down come the rain in torrents.
 Well, let's get the ball rolling.
 Come on, sit down and rest your weary legs.
 It poured down.
 Do stop talking and listen to the music.
 Come on! I will best you.
 Everyone turned out for the circus.
 The circus amazed and delighted the children.
 The clown at the circus pleased my children.
 The circus sea lion did a trick.
 The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
 Would you like a cup of tea now?
 Circuses offer toys for prizes.
 Step right up, gents, and say what you'll have.
 Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
 Come along.
 Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
 Now eat your supper.
 Let's play baseball!
 Come on, wake up.
 Now, go about your study.
 Come on in!
 Here we are at Tokyo Station.
 Let me fill up your glass, Mr Nakauchi.
 This is it.
 Now, I'll take your temperature.
 Now let's talk it up.
 Let's do some boxing.
 Let's get out of the car now.
 Let's look it up in the dictionary.
 Come on, children, it's time for bed.
 Let's get going.
 Now, let's begin our job.
 Now let's get down to work.
 Here we go.
 Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet.
 Let's get the show on the road.
 C'mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
 The ball is with you.
 Anybody who shows up late has to chug!
 Come on! We'll be late.
 Come on, get up.
 Now, go have a good time.
 Here we are at the station.
 Try and swim!
 Let's drink the night away.
 Now, listen to the doctor, or you won't get well.
 Here we are finally at the airport.
 Come on, try again.
 Now folks, let's go on.
 Let's all go to an all-you-can-eat Yakiniku restaurant.
 Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
 Here comes a bus. We might as well take it.
 Come on, Tony.
 Let's break up the party.
 Now, are you going back to your room or not?
 Here, please have a seat.
 It's time to hit the books.
 Come on, get it off your chest.
 Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
 Now give attention to what I am going to say.
 Now, resume reading where you left off.
 Come on, take it easy. Chances are in your favor.
 Now, go have a good time. The work can wait.
 Let's meet Edgar Degas and look at his pictures with him.
 Oh, off with you.
 Do you have a number where we can contact you?
 I hope to hear from you.
 Please give my kind regards to your parents.
 Are your parents in now?
 How are your parents getting along?
 Did your parents approve of your marriage?
 Which of your parents do you think you take after?
 Give my regards to your parents.
 Give my best respects to your parents.
 Give my best regards to your parents.
 Remember me to your parents.
 Didn't your parents give you anything?
 I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says.
 We shall be pleased to comply with your request.
 I'll make every possible effort to meet your request.
 In accordance with your request, I enclose a picture of myself.
 A map is available upon request.
 We cannot meet your demands.
 We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
 Are you being waited on?
 Have you been waited on?
 Is anybody waiting on you?
 Please call me up if you want me.
 Can I tell my father what you want?
 Do you have a reservation?
 Your friendship means much to me.
 Sorry to trouble you, but can you help me?
 I am sorry to trouble you.
 I'm very sorry to have troubled you.
 I'm sorry to trouble you.
 Sorry to bother you, but I'm afraid something urgent has come up.
 Far be it for me to trouble you, but I must ask you something.
 I am sorry to have troubled you.
 I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to.
 If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
 I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
 God grant that you come home safe and sound.
 I am sorry I did not write to you for such a long time.
 I am as much in the wrong as you are about not writing before this.
 It has been a long time since I wrote you last.
 I'll bring the book back to you tomorrow.
 I must think it over before answering you.
 The favor of a reply is requested.
 It is nice of you to hold a door open for a lady.
 Ladies first.
 Your bereavement saddens me.
 Please come over with your wife.
 I hear you have been sick.
 Wash your hands before eating.
 Do you have rice?
 Do you know how to cook rice well?
 I'll have rice, miso soup and natto.
 Rice is good with miso soup.
 Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
 I will leave it to your judgement.
 Let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate.
 The same to you.
 You may have it for the asking.
 Please accept my sympathies.
 I'll be happy if you will come with me.
 Boarding will be at six-forty.
 Please have your boarding pass ready. Thank you.
 Welcome aboard!
 Please visit us at your convenience.
 Make contact when it is convenient.
 At your convenience.
 Why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience?
 Please come when it is convenient.
 Would you meet with us at a time that is convenient for you?
 Please call me whenever it is convenient to you.
 Do come if you can!
 May I take a message for him?
 Can I take a message?
 It is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable.
 Will you please provide more details about your proposal?
 I'm glad your book was received kindly by the press.
 Please give me your attention.
 May I take your order?
 We will ship the product immediately after receiving your order.
 We will confirm your order as follows.
 May I have your order, please?
 Can I take your order now?
 Are you ready to order?
 This is the last order.
 Are you ready to order now?
 We are very sorry that your order was damaged.
 Would you like to order?
 Tell me when you'd like to order.
 May we look forward to receiving your order?
 I'll do as you advise.
 Save your appetite for the big dinner.
 What's the purpose of your visit?
 May you be happy!
 Please accept my condolences on the death of your father.
 Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
 You know, there are more and more old people.
 As you know, we were late due to the heavy rain.
 UN, as you know, stands for the United Nations.
 This only takes quarters, you know.
 As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
 I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
 I leave it to your imagination.
 I'll leave it up to your imagination.
 As your goods for which you are charging us were imperfect, we will not pay this account.
 Our catalog will be sent on demand.
 I do hope you'll succeed.
 I wish you every success.
 Let me congratulate you on your success.
 May you succeed!
 A thousand thanks for your kindness.
 I am grateful to you for your kindness.
 Thank you for your kindness.
 I'm quite aware of your kindness.
 I shall never forget your kindness.
 I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
 I am so much obliged to you for your kindness.
 I'm very much obliged to you for your kindness.
 I wish to express my deep appreciation for your kindness.
 I cannot thank you enough for all your kindness.
 I cannot thank you enough for your kindness.
 It is kind of you to help me.
 Your kindness overwhelms me.
 I'm afraid I'm imposing on your hospitality.
 I appreciate your kindness.
 It's kind of you to say so.
 Thank you very much kindly.
 How nice of you!
 I'm much obliged to for your kindness.
 I acknowledge your kindness.
 Thank you for your concern.
 It was very kind of you to invite me.
 Thank you for inviting me.
 You see, he is a good baseball player.
 What line of work are you in?
 I am much obliged to you for your help.
 I cannot thank you enough for your assistance.
 I am more than grateful to you for your help.
 I greatly appreciate your advice.
 Please sign your name here.
 Let me know your departure in advance.
 Let me know the time you are leaving.
 Write your address, please.
 Thank you for making the arrangements.
 Is the master of the house at home?
 I believe he'll be with us today.
 I recommend a thorough checkup for your husband.
 Please give my best regards to your husband.
 I understand you wish to contact your husband.
 In respect to your question, I have nothing to say.
 Help yourself to the fruit.
 Please feel free to link to my page.
 Please help yourself to the desserts.
 Help yourself.
 Please help yourself to the apple pie.
 He thus revealed his glory.
 Please make sure that your seat belt is securely fastened.
 Did you plan it yourself?
 Why don't you make it yourself?
 Would it inconvenience you to go yourself?
 What's your home phone number?
 Please accept our heartiest congratulations on the marriage of your son.
 For your information.
 We look forward to your entries.
 Thank you very much for attending.
 I congratulate you on your engagement.
 I'm familiar with your name.
 I wish you good luck.
 I appreciate what you've done for me.
 I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
 I'm deeply grateful for your kindness.
 I appreciate your thoughtfulness.
 For your consideration.
 Here's to your health!
 May you be blessed with good health.
 Are you married or are you single?
 I wish you great happiness in your marriage.
 I would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage.
 We have just received an inquiry from Kansas concerning your brother.
 You must keep in with your neighbors.
 Thank you for your trouble.
 Thank you in advance for your help.
 Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
 Thank you for your cooperation in advance.
 I really appreciate your cooperation.
 Thank you for your kind assistance.
 I appreciate your cooperation.
 Thank you for your cooperation.
 How do you feel today?
 I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
 When you decide which plan you want, please notify us in writing.
 I'll see if there's anything I can do.
 I'll try to meet your wishes.
 Please confirm.
 Did you bring your family with you?
 Do you have a family?
 How about your family?
 Please remember me to your family.
 How's your family?
 Give my love to your family.
 Give my best regards to all your family.
 How's it going with your family?
 Please remember me to all your family.
 I'd rather not.
 I appreciate your help.
 I regret that I can't help you.
 I am grateful to you for your help.
 We appreciate your help.
 Congratulations on your promotion.
 How about having dinner together?
 Won't you have tea with us?
 Won't you have some tea with me?
 Would you care to join me?
 It is regrettable that I can't go with you.
 I am only too glad to be with you.
 "May I go with you?" "Of course."
 How many are there in your party, sir?
 If you change your address, please let me know.
 I am willing to agree to your request.
 The sunshine penetrated the thick leaves of the trees.
 Don't run on your sentences with commas.
 The computer terminals were lined up in one long row.
 IBM has the lion's share of the large computer market; nobody else even comes close.
 The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
 There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
 The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
 I shopped around for my computer and ended up paying $less than David.
 We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
 If you use a computer, you can retain information.
 Computers will save you much time and energy when you deal with figures and graphs.
 Computers will save you a lot of time.
 They might pay me more if I could use a computer.
 Computer users have so many buzzwords, it's a wonder if anyone else can understand them.
 In order to use a computer, you must learn to type.
 He located the computer, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
 A computer is a complex machine.
 Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
 A computer can calculate very rapidly.
 The computer is a relatively recent invention.
 The computer is placed to the left of the women.
 Computers are difficult, so I get confused.
 Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
 Computers can be thought of as mere calculating machines.
 Computers can save us a lot of time and trouble.
 Computers can give us facts, but they can't give us experience.
 The computer is a recent invention.
 The machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis.
 The computer has made a great impact on modern life.
 A computer is an absolute necessity now.
 Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
 Computers have made rapid progress.
 Computers are of great use.
 Computers are constantly being improved.
 Computers have invaded every field.
 Computers caused a great, if gradual, change.
 The more I studied computers, the more interesting I came to find it.
 Knowledge of computers is basic to all sciences.
 Do you know how to operate a computer?
 The use of electronic computers is growing rapidly.
 What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
 It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
 The operation of a computer keyboard requires less effort than that of a manual typewriter.
 Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
 Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
 Put all the books about computers together.
 What kinds of things do you have on the computer?
 I feed data into a computer.
 If you don't know anything about computers, you're really behind the times.
 Computers can do the job with ease.
 Japan disproved phony accusations of computer chip dumping.
 Computers are really selling like hotcakes.
 It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
 Computers have changed the industrial picture considerably.
 My computer is out of order, and I have to get it repaired.
 The computer broke down.
 Computers are being introduced into this company.
 There is a labor shortage of computer programmers.
 The computer system shuts down automatically at 8pm.
 I am able to buy anything in a convenience store.
 Hi, George! How's it going?
 I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible car.
 Hi! I'm Ichirou Tanaka. Nice to meet you.
 Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
 Hi! What is the purpose of your visit in America, sir?
 Good day. How are you today?
 Hi, Roger. I'm pretty good!
 Hi, Mimi! How are you doing?
 Hi, my name is Ken Saitou.
 Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
 Hello, Tom.
 Hi, Susan. How are you?
 Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
 Hi, how are you, everyone?
 Hi! Do you work here?
 Such extravagance is beyond my reach.
 I have no idea what he has in mind, rejecting such a favorable proposal.
 We might as well eat dog food as eat such a dish.
 He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
 I cannot entertain such a request.
 What did they add this needless function for?
 Hey! I don't want any crank calls - not at this hour.
 It is not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
 What is the good of reading such books?
 It is no use reading such a book.
 I've never tasted anything as unusual as this.
 You were thoughtful to remember me in this way.
 In this way, we waste a lot of time.
 Do it this way.
 This is the way he treated me.
 I can't put up with these insults.
 Never have I read so terrifying a novel as this.
 Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
 This is the prettiest sunset I have ever seen.
 Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
 Do not read books in such a dim room.
 It's impossible to work in a room this dim.
 I don't feel like going out on such a day.
 Who'd have thought this is how the pieces fit?
 I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
 I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
 I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
 Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
 It may not be amiss to give this advice.
 I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
 Such a man cannot be relied upon.
 This warm weather is abnormal for February.
 There's nothing to make such a fuss about.
 I've never had such a large sum of money.
 Such a big gift is a white elephant to us.
 You needn't have bought such a large house.
 It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
 I've never seen such a giant watermelon!
 This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
 How are you going to spend such a large amount of money?
 We can not carry on conversation in such a noisy room.
 You mustn't miss seeing this wonderful film.
 I've never been to such a nice party.
 I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place.
 I didn't foresee this turn of events.
 What on earth are you doing in such a lonely place?
 I'm ashamed to go out dressed like this.
 Where on earth do you suppose she is going in the dead of night?
 It is hard to get along on this small income.
 Let's stop this fruitless discussion.
 I wanna get out of here!
 You had better not walk around in such a place.
 This is a daily occurrence.
 I can't stand being cooped up in this prison!
 Will I make it through?
 It's about time we did away with this outdated law.
 I think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day.
 Where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day?
 Such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age.
 This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
 You're crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
 I had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant. I feel like I'm out of place.
 You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
 I'd never seen such expansive scenery.
 Never have I been so happy.
 Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
 Your parents are not to blame for such a result.
 This knot will not hold.
 I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
 I've never heard anything more dreadful.
 We should do away with this regulation.
 Did you ever hear of such a strange custom?
 Who doesn't know such a simple proverb?
 I can't drink such sweet stuff.
 This is the coldest weather in ten years.
 It's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold.
 You'd better not go out in this cold weather.
 There is no going out on such a cold day.
 I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
 I don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
 I look for all the world like an athlete in this outfit, but the truth is I don't do any sports at all.
 Pardon me for being in this dress.
 Having this meeting isn't going to do the trick, is it?
 I wouldn't dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day.
 We have no chance against those top players.
 I often stumble over something as I am blind as a bat in the dark.
 What do you need sunglasses for in such a dark place?
 You had better not go out in this bad weather.
 There is no going out in this stormy weather.
 I can't get by on such a small income.
 I feel like playing golf on such a lovely day.
 You cannot expect such a good chance again.
 It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
 I should not have bought such a thing.
 I am glad I did not buy such a thing.
 I can do without this.
 "Put this stuff away at once!" she yelled in a rage.
 I've botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
 It's so odd talking in the dark like this.
 I have a strong objection to being treated like this.
 This is the way in which it happened.
 This is how they catch an elephant alive.
 This is how I made it.
 This is how I solved the difficult problem.
 This is how we reached the conclusion.
 This is the way in which we can become acquainted with one another.
 I would rather die than have such a terrible experience.
 Mother told me that I had better not go out in such bad weather.
 I'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
 I hope it will be the only one.
 I've never seen anything like this before.
 Never have I seen such a peaceful scene.
 I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
 I have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this.
 Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
 Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
 I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
 I must apologize for not having written for such a long time.
 I've never seen a pearl of such magnitude!
 How can I work with all these papers everywhere?
 More people came to the party than I had bargained for.
 Jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work.
 Anyone would find it hard to run on such a hot day.
 This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
 How am I to pay such a debt?
 There is no going out on such a stormy day.
 With it raining like this, we'll never be able to leave.
 Death is preferable to such suffering.
 This is the first time I've seen such a dreadful movie.
 I haven't had such a good time in years.
 It's convenient living so close to the station.
 This pen is a real bargain at such a low price.
 You should not climb the mountain in such bad weather.
 This is the most exciting book that I have ever read.
 I had no idea it'd be this beautiful.
 It is bad of me to have kept you waiting so long.
 You have all these books!
 I'm really glad to have had such an enjoyable time.
 What a good scholar the author must be to write such a splendid book!
 You mustn't miss such a good opportunity.
 I'm really happy to have had such a great time.
 I'm sorry to trouble you so much.
 I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
 She must be kind-hearted to send you such a pretty doll.
 Never have I read such an interesting story.
 I've never eaten anything as delicious as this.
 Have you ever listened to such a good music?
 You had better not wander around here by yourself.
 I never expected this fine hotel to be found in such a place.
 Fancy meeting you here!
 Never did I dream that I would meet you here.
 Fancy meeting you here.
 He said he wanted to put an end to such a trifle.
 I'm sick of this hand-to-mouth existence.
 I never saw such a splendid sunset.
 Who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this?
 I hope this fine weather holds.
 You must not miss seeing this wonderful film.
 Did you ever see such a film?
 I've never seen a shot like that.
 It is very kind of you to send me such a nice present.
 You may not believe this, but I don't drink at all.
 This is the first time.
 He must be stupid to believe such a thing.
 Have you ever heard of such a thing?
 He must be a fool to do such a thing.
 It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
 Will you give me your reasons for doing this?
 Please accept what little comfort these words can give you.
 You might not believe what I'm about to tell you, so don't be surprised.
 Did you ever hear of such a thing?
 You may depend on it not happening again.
 This is totally unacceptable.
 I never thought it would wind up like this.
 I'm sorry it worked out this way.
 See to it that this never happens again.
 Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
 Even this cable cost me yen.
 I don't dare ask such a silly question.
 It is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles.
 Never did I see such a beautiful sunset.
 I can't stand an awful sweat like this.
 Such playfulness is characteristic of Mr Baker.
 Have you ever tasted such a good soup?
 Such treatment would make anybody rebel.
 It's a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather.
 Condors have never bred in zoos.
 Whose turn is it next?
 This time I'll try it.
 I am to visit my uncle in Shizuoka next Sunday.
 What are you going to do next Sunday?
 You must put up with your new post for the present.
 Prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest.
 I'm looking for my contact lens.
 May I have a pair of contact lenses?
 I fell asleep with my contacts in.
 Have you found your contact lenses?
 I can't get my contacts out.
 I hurt my eye when my contact slipped out of place.
 Can you secure me two good seats for the concert?
 The concert hall was alive with fans.
 There was a large audience in the concert hall.
 Did you have a good concert?
 The concert was short, but it was really good.
 What time is the concert?
 How did you enjoy the concert?
 The concert starts at seven. We must not be late.
 The concert was held over till the following week because of the singer's illness.
 We have a little time before my concert.
 Will you get me a ticket for the concert?
 It was lucky that we got the tickets for the concert.
 I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
 To talk during a concert is rude.
 I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
 I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
 I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
 Are tickets for the concert available here?
 Those present at the concert were surprised by his performance.
 If he could go to the concert, he would be glad.
 I absolutely love going to concerts not just because I get a chance to meet the musician or singer but because of the wondrous feeling of a live performance.
 What do you say to going to the concert?
 I'll be back in thirty minutes so I'll be in time for the concert.
 Will we be in time for the concert?
 There were so many people at the concert.
 There were many people at the concert.
 I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
 I want to talk to the famous pianist before his concert.
 I was surprised because the concert ended all too soon.
 Concrete can be reinforced by putting steel bars inside it.
 I could not speak from fear.
 Keep hold of my hand if you're afraid.
 Detective Columbo is always in a frayed raincoat.
 Columbus argued that the earth was round.
 Columbus believed that the earth was round.
 Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
 Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
 Columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent.
 Columbus secured this region of interests.
 Columbus discovered America.
 Columbus discovered America in 1492.
 Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
 We learned that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
 I'll find a good time to tell Father about it.
 This is for free.
 It's true.
 This is an ancient law.
 Here is a present for your birthday.
 Whose book is this?
 Can I put this up for you?
 If you continue to remain silent, I'll lose my temper.
 Try to avoid making any more trouble.
 Please don't be sad any more.
 There is no use waiting for her any longer.
 It's fruitless to press him further.
 It'll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer.
 It is no use talking with them any longer.
 It seems a waste of time to wait any longer.
 It's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer.
 It's a waste of time to stay longer.
 Can't you go on any longer?
 No more of your cheek or I'll hit you!
 I have no further questions.
 Don't run after me any more.
 Don't live off your sister any more.
 I can't take any more work.
 I don't want to take on any more work.
 I have nothing more to say.
 We can not reasonably ask more.
 We couldn't be happier for you.
 I can't thank you more.
 What more could I want?
 I don't want to lie anymore.
 Don't give me any more trouble.
 Is this the last price?
 No more can be said.
 A further reduction would make us go into the red.
 If you request a further discount, we suggest changing the terms of payment.
 Further assistance is not forthcoming.
 He cannot wish for anything better.
 This is as good as any.
 I'll give you anything but this.
 There is no more disagreeable thing than this.
 Don't turn up the volume of TV anymore.
 There is no use discussing the matter further.
 I can't bear the noise any longer.
 I will not dwell any longer upon this subject.
 I can't put up with the heat any longer.
 You had better consult the doctor.
 I refuse to obey you any longer.
 Beyond this I know nothing.
 I will do anything but this.
 May I leave this with you?
 Could you keep this for me?
 I'd rather throw it away than give it to him.
 If you buy this, I will give you a fifteen percent discount.
 I'll take it.
 Can you deliver that?
 May I have this for two or three days?
 Fax this to this number in Tokyo, please.
 Please fix this.
 Try this on. It's your size.
 This is what I was waiting for.
 Please send this by special delivery.
 Send this by special delivery.
 This is my choice.
 Please send this by sea mail.
 Please change this for a blue one.
 Can I eat this?
 Cut this into very fine pieces.
 You wanna help me lift this up?
 Are you going to send this by parcel post?
 Can you change this into small money?
 I want to exchange this for a smaller size.
 I'll keep this for future use.
 How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
 I'd like to send this by registered mail.
 Please write this down.
 What are you planning to do after this is over?
 Did you sew this by hand?
 Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
 Please pass this on to the next person.
 Can I try this on?
 May I try this on?
 I would be very pleased if you did this for me.
 This we can call a work of art.
 May I use this?
 I'd like three of these.
 I bought this yesterday.
 Let's try to settle our differences once and for all.
 I'll give up drinking once and for all.
 Send this by airmail.
 The right word for this does not come to me.
 Can you cash these for me?
 I remember my mother when I see this.
 This reminds me of home.
 At this, he got up and went out.
 Whenever I see this, I remember him.
 How astonished I was to see this.
 Might I have a look at this?
 Can I see this one?
 Let this be an example to you.
 Who broke this?
 There must be some way to solve this.
 Please give me help in taking this down.
 Put this into English.
 Carry this for me.
 Turn this to the right, and the machine will start.
 The best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived.
 In doing this, we cannot dispense with his help.
 Don't you think Tanaka is the one who did it?
 I'll take this one.
 You'll take this to the post office, won't you?
 Please pass this to the other boys.
 Please change this into pounds.
 Will you translate this into French?
 Please send this by Federal Express.
 Please change this to dollars.
 I'm not certain where this ought to be put.
 Where would you like me to put this?
 What do you make of this?
 Will you type this, please?
 Please copy this.
 What's the point of doing this?
 Can you copy this for me?
 On hearing this, he turned pale.
 There is none other than you to whom I can leave this.
 Could you take this, please?
 Can you change this into American dollars?
 Take this to your mother.
 It is impossible to finish this in two days.
 This I have done.
 These two countries came to terms with each other for the sake of peace.
 These two factors are independent of each other.
 These two are widely different from each other.
 Of these two opinions, I prefer the latter to the former.
 If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
 These three countries were united into one.
 The latter will continue to develop along their own paths according to the needs of their own speakers.
 Do you have a little bigger one than these?
 These are not sufficient reasons for breaking the promise.
 These are cakes of her baking.
 Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
 These blouses are long sleeved.
 There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
 Whose paintings are these?
 These are very old books.
 These are my books; those are his.
 These are my books.
 There are my sister's magazines.
 These are my pencils.
 These are our desks.
 These are the best bags on the market.
 They are memorials.
 These are common diseases of children.
 What old books these are!
 These figures are signs of a family or clan.
 These are all much the same.
 All these are ways of exceeding the bounds imposed on us by human nature.
 What lovely flowers these are!
 Whose shoes are these?
 This is the most interesting book of all.
 These are all quotations from the Bible.
 These are as good as those.
 Are these yours?
 These can be classified roughly into three types.
 What good books these are.
 These tales have been passed on from generation to generation.
 These stories are very interesting to me.
 These stories are told in colloquial and everyday language.
 Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
 Divide these apples between you three.
 These green leaves turn red in the fall.
 These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
 These ideas are embodied in the constitution.
 All these eggs are not fresh.
 The optimal formula which would encompass all these factors has not been proposed.
 These containers are airtight.
 We must treat these problems as a whole.
 We must not allow these problems to affect the project.
 These problems have arisen as a result of indifference.
 These matters are of importance to them.
 These problems are beyond me.
 These problems must be dealt with carefully.
 These problems are important to me.
 We're getting nowhere with these problems.
 These matters are of no importance to me.
 These questions can be answered quite simply.
 These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
 What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
 You don't have to answer these questions.
 These trees were planted by them.
 These tree shut out the view.
 Learn these names by heart.
 As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
 Read these books, or at any rate this one.
 Carry these books back to the bookshelf.
 Please classify these books by subject.
 Is it okay if I borrow these books?
 Tell me where to put these books.
 How did you come by these books?
 Could you ring up these books for me?
 I've read both these books.
 These books are used by him.
 These books are new.
 You can borrow these books from the library for a week.
 These books are worth reading at least once.
 These books are ours.
 These books are my books.
 These books are mine.
 These books are mine and those books are his.
 Are these books Kenji's?
 Whose books are these?
 These books are accessible to all members.
 These books are easier than those books.
 These books can be had at that store.
 Any of these books will be helpful to you.
 Of all these books, this is by far the best on China.
 Do you want any of these books?
 I don't like any of these hats.
 Lend a hand with these parcels, please.
 These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
 These patterns show you how to make sentences.
 It is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart.
 These substances are not poisonous in themselves.
 The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
 I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
 These are on sale everywhere.
 These clothes are dirty and need washing.
 These unhappy people must be taken good care of.
 These items are rather hard to obtain.
 These goods are free of duty.
 These articles are not for sale.
 These goods are greater in quantity than in quality.
 Those goods are on approval.
 The teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart.
 These specimens are divided into several categories.
 These ungrammatical sentences resulted from the application of the additional rule F.
 Take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them.
 These remarks are related to her proposal.
 Thanks to these discoveries, man's life span has become twice as long as before.
 These boxes are made of plastic.
 If these days are not convenient for you, please let us know.
 About 14,of these usually have tickets for the Center Court.
 These tools are used for building a house.
 These implements are in common use.
 These tools are badly in need of repair.
 Either of these roads leads to the station.
 These animals feed on grass.
 These animals are very friendly, too.
 These legends should be handed down to our offspring.
 There points can be brought under the same heading.
 These birds migrate to North Africa in winter.
 These butterflies are rare in our country.
 Do I take choice among these?
 These pillars support the stage.
 Choose one from among these.
 Choose any one from among these.
 These cups are all broken.
 People in these areas are growing hungrier each year.
 These men are the wisest people of the tribe.
 Look up these words in the dictionary.
 Learn these words, one by one.
 Could you teach me how people distinguish between these words in common usage?
 There are not many books on these shelves.
 These bags are very heavy, so carry one bag at a time.
 Please wrap these gifts up together.
 These windows are opened by him.
 These sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days.
 These lines meet at right angles.
 These technical terms derive from Greek.
 These blue lines correspond to airlines.
 These products are of the same quality.
 We have to find a new market for these products.
 These creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish.
 These measurements conform to the blueprints.
 Add up these figures.
 These figures indicate three in five college first-year students are indifferent to politics.
 Will you please check these figures?
 These diagrams demonstrate different possible approaches to job seeking.
 We must deal fairly with these people.
 It is not unreasonable to think that these people were excluded from the community.
 These men had come to his country in three ships.
 Are these gestures used in the USA?
 These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
 These new cars are on sale.
 These foods are associated with ethnic groups.
 These plants are resistant to weed killers.
 These pills will cure you of your stomach-ache.
 What accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet.
 On average, these packages weigh two pounds.
 These gadgets seem to be of no use.
 Bless these little children.
 These goods are free of tax.
 These goods were imported from abroad in secret.
 These goods are by no means satisfactory.
 These goods are available to members only.
 These goods may not be available locally.
 Choose one from among these prizes.
 All these goods are heavily taxed.
 These states were united into one nation.
 Will you look over these papers?
 I'd like you to quickly look over these documents.
 Check these papers over.
 I would like you to look over these documents.
 With respect to these documents, I think the best thing is to destroy them.
 Will you remind me to post these letters?
 Please get these letters off right away.
 These letters, in the main, are from my mother.
 These letters can be typed by any secretary.
 With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
 These hand-made articles differ in quality.
 There is no scientific basis for these claims.
 These cars are made in Japan.
 These cars are big.
 These photographs remind me of our holiday.
 These pictures are beautiful.
 These photos have come out very well.
 These questions are easy to answer.
 You must answer these questions.
 These automobiles, for the most part, are manufactured in Japan.
 These watches are more expensive than the ones in that case.
 These facts will bear out his story.
 These facts bear out my hypothesis.
 These facts are certain.
 These facts admit of no contradiction.
 How do you like these poems?
 By whom were these poems written?
 Keep to these instructions carefully.
 These operations are technically impossible.
 Please take these dishes away.
 These seats are reserved for old and sick people.
 These seats are reserved for old people.
 These countries settled the dispute among themselves.
 European civilization had its birth in these lands.
 By obtaining advanced technology from Japan, those countries also plan to provide people with a technical education.
 These countries were often visited with famine.
 In these countries hunger is the rule.
 These coins are of little value.
 There's too much money in these accounts.
 Make a sentence with each of these words.
 Write these words in your notebook.
 These words are derived from the same root.
 Many of these words we are unable to recall at will.
 Dispose of the old magazines.
 We must do away with these old rules.
 These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
 I got these old coins from her.
 Even these words will someday disappear.
 These buildings need temporary repairs.
 We'll put these plans on ice.
 None of these plans ever come anywhere near realization.
 These shoes vary in size, but not in shape.
 These shoes are good for walking in deep snow.
 These shoes are mine.
 The verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the Lander's trial in 1994.
 Bear these rules in mind.
 These regulations ought to be observed by the students.
 These rules apply to everybody alike.
 These rules have been and always will be observed.
 These poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
 These machines are all worked by electricity.
 These machines aren't working now.
 Do you know how to run this machine?
 These customs differ from those in our country.
 These infections were caused by contaminated milk.
 For these patients, surgical treatment is far from being satisfactory.
 These dry sticks catch fire easily.
 All of these picture postcards are mine.
 These paintings were handed down to me from my father.
 These pictures look better at a distance.
 These paintings will be left here for posterity.
 Do these paintings appeal to you?
 These pictures were painted by him.
 Do you like any of these pictures?
 Would you like some of those pictures?
 These fragile items must be insured against all risks.
 These answers confuse cause with consequence.
 These meetings are carried on entirely in English.
 These flowers are the choice of her garden.
 These vases must be used carefully.
 These flowers bloom in spring.
 All those flowers look alike.
 Their flowers smell sweet.
 These houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy.
 These clouds look like a flock of white sheep.
 These garments are made of percent wool.
 These records will make for a pleasant party.
 These records are 2,yen each.
 I want a basket in which to carry these apples.
 These apples are good cookers.
 These apples taste good.
 The apples will be ripe soon.
 Half of these apples are rotten.
 Which of these rackets is yours?
 These pens are his.
 These things constitute a balanced meal.
 Whose are these pens?
 It is most important to emphasize that none of these processes are conscious.
 None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
 We'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
 Their dresses are too big.
 This data is anything but accurate.
 This data supports the hypothesis.
 These teacups make a pair.
 I will give these tickets to whoever wants them.
 His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures.
 All these devices are unreliable.
 We need to postulate a completely different paradigm to explain all these phenomena.
 Their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with Emmet's theory.
 Don't try to do all these things at once.
 He will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it.
 These glasses are beautiful.
 Please send details of these courses.
 These cakes are good. Please try one.
 Their cakes are good.
 Note the function of the background layers of these graphic designs.
 Please put these glasses away.
 These cookies are star-shaped.
 These cameras are made in Japan.
 These gases can lead to global warming.
 These oranges taste good.
 These oranges have gone bad.
 You can have either of these, but not both.
 These elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons.
 These dogs are big.
 Please set these chairs by the window.
 These chairs are by no means satisfactory.
 It is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speed.
 There may be other factors that intervene in the relation between these two constants.
 Infect the area with cholera.
 I can't memorize so many of these letters.
 You cannot do all these things at once.
 All of these sports and many others are dominated by the human urge to aim at something.
 Of all these cakes I like this one best.
 These are the trees on the leaves of which silkworms live.
 These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
 Can you tell the difference between these two pictures?
 No other dog is bigger than this.
 No passage this way.
 Don't you have anything smaller than this?
 We are beginning our descent.
 Will the meeting please come to order?
 I cannot walk any farther.
 Will there ever be a better one?
 Would you show me a less expensive camera than this one?
 I'd like to try on one size smaller than this.
 Can you think of a better idea than this one?
 This is an apple, too.
 Can I keep this?
 Again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news.
 You have to make good the time you have wasted so far.
 In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
 We have all been talking about tomorrow; now let's come down to earth and talk about today.
 In all my travels I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Everest.
 I haven't had much time to see Japan.
 Never in my life have I thought of leaving the town.
 So far I have been getting along well with my friends.
 He's never been abroad in his life.
 Our company has never had that kind of system, and it's never made us feel uncomfortable.
 How often have you been here?
 I'd be lying if I said I had never smoked before.
 Never in my life have I heard such a thing.
 In the past I used to vote for the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republican bandwagon.
 So far we have been quite successful.
 So far, so good.
 Who was the greatest philosopher that ever lived?
 So far there has been no news.
 So far does anyone have any question?
 So far everything has been going well.
 So far we have had no news as to which route the expedition has taken.
 In the past I used to vote the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republicans' bandwagon.
 Have you ever loved a man?
 There have been no problems so far.
 Haven't I seen you before?
 For once in my life I succeeded in getting the better of him.
 I've never heard of such a story before.
 I've never heard of such a frightening story before.
 In honor of all the hard work we raised a toast to our first day in our new home!
 This looks like another government cover-up.
 Never have I seen a more beautiful sight than this.
 Certainly there is nothing that will separate people more, and nothing so easy to slip into.
 There is no more important problem than this.
 Never have I felt better.
 This is the most exciting story that I have ever heard.
 Never before have we had such a strong longing for peace.
 This is an exceptional case.
 This is too good to be true.
 This is a green notebook.
 This is a letter of Ryo's in his own handwriting.
 This is above reason.
 This is the calm before the storm.
 This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
 This is an effective remedy for crime.
 These are gifts for my friends.
 This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
 This is the bible of baseball.
 This is a wooden house.
 This is a wooden comb.
 This will set a good example.
 This is an interesting story.
 This is harmless in itself.
 How is it that otherwise reasonable people come to believe that this same roof, that practically vanishing commodity, is freely obtainable just by packing up and going to another country?
 This must be a real diamond.
 This won't be a real diamond.
 This may not be a real diamond.
 This can be a real diamond.
 This can't be a real diamond.
 This was an additional fund for buying books.
 This is a book.
 This happened under my nose.
 This is a souvenir from Hokkaido.
 This is a portrait of my late father.
 Please accept this as a keep-sake of my husband.
 This is a map of the Toyono district.
 This is a law, so it applies to everybody.
 It is something my mother made.
 There is nothing wrong with this.
 This is important enough for separate treatment.
 This is about as many as the United States has.
 This isn't any ordinary ability.
 This is a story written in simple English.
 This is a story written in easy English.
 It's like a vendetta now.
 Is this a local train?
 This is a snapshot of my wife on the beach.
 This is worth one million yen.
 This is a beautiful flower.
 This isn't for sale.
 This appears to have been inevitable.
 Let's keep this a secret.
 This is a secret. Keep it to yourself.
 This is a picture of her own painting.
 This is her book.
 This is her pen.
 This is her T-shirt. That T-shirt is hers, too.
 This is a doll which she made herself.
 This is a bag of her own making.
 This is something she has done since she was a child.
 This is the diary which she kept.
 This is the pencil with which she wrote it.
 This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
 This serves to show how honest she is.
 This is the picture of his own painting.
 This will serve as a check on their work.
 This is because their jobs are secure.
 This is their house.
 This is what they have in common with other peoples.
 This may be because they could not use the earth's magnetic field.
 This is the house in which they lived when they were children.
 This is his eleventh hour.
 This is his letter, but it is not signed.
 This is by far the most interesting of his novels.
 I can see his hand in this.
 This will be his car.
 This is by far the most interesting of all his novels.
 This must be his umbrella.
 This is a picture painted by him.
 This is too easy for him.
 This is the town where he was born.
 This is the fish he caught.
 This is the village where he was born.
 This is the house he was born in.
 Can this be his writing?
 This is the house in which he lives.
 This is a picture of his own painting.
 This is a problem of his own making.
 This is the pot he treasures most of all.
 This is a Christmas present from him.
 This is the same camera that he lost.
 This is the pen that he signed the document with.
 This is a very famous haiku by Basho.
 This is too bright.
 This is a sociological study on abortion.
 This is a custom peculiar to Japan.
 This is a watch made in Japan.
 This is a stop watch made in Japan.
 This is an error common among Japanese students.
 This is a socio-linguistic study on the Japanese language.
 This is five thousand yen in the Japanese Yen.
 This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
 This is the flag of Japan.
 This is the car made in Japan.
 This is a camera made in Japan.
 This is the tallest tower in Japan.
 This is Japan.
 This is the second longest river in Japan.
 This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
 This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
 This is a difficult math problem.
 This is a book to read.
 This is designed especially for young people.
 This is a road map.
 This is making me really angry.
 This is too good a chance to lose.
 He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
 This is an argument material to the question in hand.
 This is the best Indian restaurant anywhere in Tokyo.
 This is a bus which goes to Tokyo.
 This is the heaviest snowfall in thirty years in Tokyo.
 This is a picture of the first train that ran between Tokyo and Yokohama.
 This is a very rare specimen.
 I think this is a case in point.
 Does this hurt?
 This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
 This is a strange kind of fish.
 This is too long.
 This is going to take a long time, said Tony.
 This is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas.
 This is the worst hotel in town.
 This will keep bugs off.
 This is a matter worthy of note.
 Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
 This is a slow but certain way.
 This isn't what I ordered.
 This is a map.
 This is by far the best method.
 This is too short.
 I should say this is too simple question.
 Whose room is this?
 I wonder whose car this is.
 Whose dictionary is this?
 Whose bicycle is this?
 Whose car is this?
 Whose umbrella is this?
 Whose bag is this?
 Whose pencil is this?
 I wonder whose these scissors are.
 Who does this suitcase belong to?
 This should be clear to everyone.
 This is very useful.
 This is too heavy a box for me to carry.
 This is a very old book.
 This is a very rare case.
 This is such an easy problem that any student can solve it.
 This is an important theory.
 This is an important letter.
 This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
 This is too big.
 This is a map of the city of Osaka.
 This is a house to let, not to be sold.
 This is true in a large number of cases.
 This is by far the best of all.
 This must be done quite otherwise.
 This isn't finished at all.
 How did all this come about?
 This is really a very strange affair.
 This may beat the Dutch.
 This is the book that my teacher recommended to me.
 It's just too good to pass up.
 This is a map of the city of Sendai.
 This is a letter from my old teacher.
 This is true to life.
 I don't think this is a good approach to biology.
 This is genuine Kutani-ware. I guarantee it.
 This is a book about stars.
 This is a story about stars.
 This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
 That's 20% of the world's population.
 This is the biggest car in the world.
 This is the third longest river in the world.
 This is insoluble in water.
 This is a weak tea, isn't it?
 This is luxury beyond my income.
 This is the very best method.
 I might well tell you this.
 This is a new kind of melon.
 This is a kind of watermelon.
 These new shoes already want mending.
 This is a kind of food.
 This is excellent wine.
 This is a direct broadcast from the Showa theater.
 This is a good book except for a few mistakes.
 This is an exquisite little painting.
 This is a small book.
 This one is full.
 What a revelation!
 This is a writing style different from genuine English.
 This weighs more than the limit.
 This is an important event.
 This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
 Since this is important, I'd like you to attend to it yourself.
 This is so heavy a box that I can't carry it.
 This is a valid point of view.
 This is a bit too tight around my neck.
 This feels soft and smooth.
 This is an interesting case where there is no principal determining element.
 This is a great time-saving gadget for the housewife.
 This tree is too young to bear fruit.
 This is a car for young people.
 This is a problem for young people to solve.
 This is a map which will be useful when traveling by car.
 This is the spitting image of the real thing, perfectly true to life.
 This is in effect less expensive than that.
 This is an actual happening.
 This is too good a chance to miss.
 This is the job of my own choice.
 This is an automatic door.
 This is homemade jam.
 I'd like to take this with me.
 You can't bring this in.
 This is based on fact.
 This is a fact, not a fiction.
 This is a product of our own creative activity.
 This is too small a house for us to live in.
 This is beyond the compass of my ability.
 This is quite contrary to what I want.
 This is little different from what I want.
 This is one of the jobs I have to do every day.
 This is a picture of my sister.
 Here is the fish my mother baked.
 This is the village where my father was born.
 This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
 This is the chance of a lifetime.
 This was my first visit to a foreign country.
 This is my account book.
 This is my bicycle.
 This is my dictionary.
 This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
 This is just the way I like it done.
 This isn't my bag.
 This is my desk.
 This will be a good opportunity for me to use my language skills to my advantage.
 This is a picture of my family.
 This isn't mine.
 This is the same bicycle as mine.
 This is my coat, and that is my father's.
 This is my bag.
 This is the house where my uncle lives.
 This was to teach me to think methodically.
 This enables me to see and face my present trouble.
 This taught me a good lesson.
 This is above me.
 This didn't fit me very well.
 This is a proverb the meaning of which I don't know.
 This is the outcome of our research.
 This is something we cannot do without.
 This is the theater where we see foreign movies.
 Here is a present for you in token of our appreciation.
 I am not alone in this opinion.
 This is what I wanted.
 This is the same camera that I lost.
 This is the dictionary I use every day.
 This is a picture of my own painting.
 This is the picture I took in his house.
 This is the funniest book in my reading.
 This is what I found in the cave.
 This is what I've long wanted.
 This is the book I've been looking for.
 This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
 This is the dress I made last week.
 This is a picture I took last week.
 This was the first Japanese food I had ever tasted.
 This is the same watch that I've lost.
 This is the same watch that I have lost.
 He is the person to whom I gave my dictionary.
 This is a doghouse of my own making.
 This is the only camera I've got.
 This is the same book as I have.
 This is the same car as I have.
 This is the same dictionary as I have.
 This is the same watch as I have.
 This is different from what I expected.
 This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
 This is the book which I read last night.
 This is the same necklace that I lost yesterday.
 This is the best book that I've ever read.
 This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
 This is the most interesting book I've ever read.
 This is the most interesting story that I have ever read.
 This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
 This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
 This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
 This is the finest view I have ever seen.
 This is the strongest dog that I have ever seen.
 This is the tallest building that I have ever seen.
 This is a plan of my own devising.
 This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
 This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
 This is what my mother gave me when I got married.
 This is the same purse that I lost a week ago.
 This is the nicest present I've ever had.
 This is the same type of camera as the one I lost.
 This is the same dictionary as I lost.
 This is the same watch as I have lost.
 This is same type of camera as the one I lost.
 This is what I bought in Spain.
 This is the very last thing I can do for you.
 This is the watch I bought yesterday.
 This is the camera which I bought yesterday.
 This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
 This is the same wallet as I lost a week ago.
 This is a book of children's stories.
 This is an entertaining program for children.
 This is a difficult problem to solve.
 This is a good book for children to read.
 This is a handy little box.
 This is the only thing that was left.
 They say this is one of the best books, if not the best.
 This is a matter of supreme importance.
 This isn't the last train, is it?
 This is a matter of capital importance.
 I am in a terrible dilemma.
 This is a song which is popular now.
 This is the best amplifier on the market.
 This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
 This is all the money I have now.
 This is the worst book I've ever read.
 This is the best book I have ever read.
 This is the best movie I've ever seen.
 This is the cutest baby that I have ever seen.
 This is the most difficult book I have ever read.
 This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
 This is still in daily use.
 This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
 This doesn't fit.
 This is a good dictionary for high school students.
 It seems to me that this is too expensive.
 That is too expensive.
 This is the best play imaginable.
 These prices are ex-works.
 I don't like this. Show me another.
 The problem is one of interpreting these ancient scriptures.
 This is a universal truth that transcends time.
 This is an old book.
 This can't be done by individual effort.
 This is an old type of American clock.
 This is a book on modern English usage.
 This is, strictly speaking, a mistake.
 This is a dog.
 This is very nice to look at.
 This is the dog that Ken owns.
 This is by no means easy reading.
 It's no small matter.
 This was an executive decision.
 This is a present for you.
 This does not square with your story.
 This applies to your case as well.
 This is true of your case also.
 Is this your bicycle?
 This is the same camera as yours.
 Is this your tape recorder?
 This is for you.
 This has nothing to do with you.
 This is true of you, too.
 This is your only chance.
 Is this the dictionary which you are looking for?
 This will go down in history as the greatest event that has ever taken place.
 This is a picture of an airport.
 This is a surprising discovery.
 Is this an express?
 My stars!
 I don't like this one; show me another.
 I don't like this one.
 I don't like this.
 Can I carry this on the plane?
 This is a desk.
 These are the ABCs.
 This is a very strange letter.
 This is the mistake of the student.
 This is a very sturdy chair to sit in.
 This is a mistake students are apt to make.
 This does not apply to students.
 I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
 This is, indeed, a great piece of news.
 I heard this from a safe source.
 This is a well shaped pine tree.
 This is a well-formed vase.
 This is a painting.
 This is just the milk run.
 This is a picture.
 This is a kind of animal that lives in the sea.
 This is broken.
 Let's just keep this between ourselves, shall we?
 This is between ourselves.
 The problem affects the prestige of our school.
 This is more than I have earned.
 This has increased family income.
 What heading does this come under?
 What are these for?
 This makes no sense.
 What a pretty flower this is!
 What a beautiful flower this is!
 What an old book this is!
 This is a pencil.
 "What's this?" asked Tony.
 Is this the street leading to the station?
 This is as heavy as lead.
 This is a coffee cup made in England.
 This is a book about England.
 This is an instance of modern British life.
 This is a good book for anyone wishing to learn English.
 This is a story written in English.
 This sees English as a system obeying miles of grammar and sentence structure which have to be learned in detail and applied rigorously.
 This is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen, and in some places it's many feet deep.
 This is a worthwhile book.
 This is a kind of love letter.
 This is the same watch as I lost.
 This wasn't cheap, was it?
 This is a good book, but that one is better.
 Is this a radio?
 This is a direct road to London.
 Is this the train for London?
 This is the largest tanker that has ever been constructed in our country.
 This is a good textbook.
 This is a nice camera.
 This is too easy, I guess.
 This isn't what was written on the menu.
 It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number there.
 This is the picture that Mary painted.
 This is Mary's dog.
 This is a dress of Mary's own making.
 Are these all your belongings?
 This is Mr Miller's latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
 That's quite an art.
 This is a crude material imported from Malaysia.
 I can't make any sense of this.
 This is still too good to be thrown away.
 This is the very book that I wanted to read.
 This is exactly the same camera that I have lost.
 This is Mike's bicycle.
 This was meant as a joke.
 This is a small token of my gratitude.
 This is taller than any other tree.
 This is a pocket dictionary.
 Is this a pen or a pencil?
 This is a pen.
 This is a novel written by Hemingway.
 This is a picture frame made of plastic.
 This fits perfectly.
 This is the letter written by Mr Brown.
 This is a genuine picture by Picasso.
 This is a kind of bread.
 Aren't you selling this at a discount price?
 What an interesting book this is!
 What a sad story this is!
 What a heavy desk this is!
 What a tall tree this is!
 What a pretty doll this is!
 What kind of stone is this?
 What a beautiful rose this is!
 What a big book this is!
 What a nice cable-car this is!
 What an interesting novel this is!
 This is a very good tea.
 Would you explain what this is?
 This is such an easy problem as any student can solve.
 Can you tell me what this is?
 You can't get this at any bookseller's.
 What kind of soup is this?
 This is Tony's book.
 Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
 This is an acceptable gift to everyone.
 This is very good.
 This is a very beautiful flower.
 This is a very important meeting.
 This is a very new book.
 This is a very small book.
 This is an extremely important point.
 This is a matter of great importance.
 This is a very tall tree.
 This is a very mild coffee.
 Sure, this house is as good as ever. She's built so well we could move her anywhere.
 This is such an interesting story I will never forget it.
 This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
 This is a very interesting book.
 Where should I put this?
 This is a car imported from Germany.
 This has got me beat.
 This means that our perception of any situation depends only partly on sensory signals being received at that time.
 This is just what I wanted.
 This smells like cheese.
 Whose textbook is this?
 Whose word processor is this?
 Whose is this bag?
 Was this somebody else's idea?
 This is a very nice fireplace.
 This is a work from Turner's mature period.
 This is the very best way to do it.
 This is the pen which the famous novelist wrote with.
 This is closely bound up with the question.
 This question must be discussed separately from that one.
 This is a good place to start the analysis.
 This is the key for the box.
 This is a salmon that came up the river.
 This is the window which was broken by the boy.
 Is this your copy of the dictionary?
 This is the village where the poet was born.
 This is an animal found in that desert.
 This is an exception to the rule.
 This is by far the better of the two.
 This is a variety of violet.
 This is an immense show.
 This is a socio-linguistic study on Steven Emmet.
 This was built long ago.
 This is a poem written in Scottish dialect.
 Is this made in Switzerland?
 This feels like silk.
 This is the window broken by John.
 This is the house that Jack built.
 This is Jane's bag.
 This is a precious chance to get Sammy's autograph.
 This size doesn't fit me.
 This is better than any other bag in this store.
 This is by far the tallest building in this city.
 This is to make up for the last time.
 This is the largest dictionary there is in this library.
 This is a matter of the utmost importance.
 This is a plant unique to this country.
 I don't think this is the box that this toy came in; it won't fit in.
 This has gone out of use here.
 This is just among ourselves.
 This is Kenji's chair.
 This is the desk which Ken uses.
 Is this your car?
 Is this your bike?
 I'm sure it was just a terrible accident.
 We hope this will be to your satisfaction.
 This is bulky, so I'll send it by home delivery.
 This is a little gift for you.
 Those are the leftovers from lunch.
 This tastes like tea.
 This was built some years ago.
 Is this the bus to Oxford?
 This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
 This is a superb illustration of how Emmet modified the traditional architectural designs.
 This is an example of the survival of the fittest, as it is called.
 This is a little bit too loose around my waist.
 This is what we call a "brand new idea".
 What in the world is this?
 What's this in aid of?
 This will do for a chair.
 I don't think this is a good idea.
 This one has a lot of advantages over that one.
 This is superior to that.
 This looks longer than that, but it is an optical illusion.
 This is more expensive than that.
 This is smaller than that.
 This is twice as large as that.
 This one is similar to that one.
 This is as large as that.
 This one is as good as that one.
 This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
 This is a great invention in a way.
 This is a view of the Alps.
 This means that if you try to protect yourself too much, you will only make bigger mistakes.
 This is too hard a problem for me to solve.
 This movie is not anything like as exciting as that one.
 This letter is addressed to you.
 This may be of use to you.
 Is this your book?
 This is your book.
 Is that your room?
 You can keep this one for yourself.
 This is your hat, isn't it?
 That's not your hat, is it?
 Is this the key you are looking for?
 Are these your horses?
 This is a small acknowledgement of your kindness.
 Is this your umbrella?
 This may not suit your taste.
 This is a good exercise to help you lose weight.
 This is a hazard to your health.
 Is this your pen?
 Is this your favorite song?
 Is this the key your uncle is looking for?
 This is secret between you and me.
 This is the sort of thing you have to account for.
 This is the money at your disposal.
 Is this a picture of your own painting?
 This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
 This is a problem of your own making.
 This means nil.
 This is too much for a day's work.
 This is the only kimono that my mother bought me.
 This is mahjong.
 That is to say, their behavior seems to be against the rules made by adults.
 This offer is not subject to the usual discounts.
 This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
 This is far the best of all.
 I am in charge of this.
 This is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album.
 This is a subject of which I know nothing whatever.
 This is the record which I bought yesterday.
 This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
 This is the most beautiful lake that I have ever seen.
 This is the most beautiful sunset that I have ever seen.
 This is the magazine I spoke to you about.
 This is a great opportunity to increase our market share.
 This does not mean only the study of language, history or geography.
 This may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
 Charge this to my company.
 This is so enduring as to make even the most diligent worker give up.
 This is the house in which the poet lived in his childhood.
 This was to arrange things so that I obtained the result already written in the textbooks.
 This note summarizes some information that we hope to discuss at the meeting in San Francisco.
 The problem is one of determining the dominant factors in this phenomenon.
 This is a good opportunity to get to know one another.
 This only increased his desire to be revenged on the murderous duke.
 What is the price for this?
 I'd like to insure this, please.
 A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
 Don't let this discourage you from trying it again.
 There's a hole in this.
 Do you have anything to say in connection with this?
 Do any of you have anything to say in connection with this?
 In relation to this, I am to blame.
 Above and beyond this, he can read Hebrew.
 I have mixed feelings about this.
 This surprised many people.
 There must be a rational explanation for this.
 But I had another advantage in it.
 It includes widely varying organizations, people, and ideas.
 And as with so many aspects of British life, there's a good historical reason for it.
 The end, so long good bye!
 It is no use making an excuse for this.
 I know nothing in respect of this.
 He is not available at the moment.
 He will give you some good advice on this matter.
 I will accept full responsibility for this.
 We must make a decision on this right away.
 Feel free to comment on any point made here.
 In comparison with this, that is far better.
 In the same way, a Russian might fail to see anything amusing in a joke which would make an Englishman laugh to tears.
 Do you have the same thing in a different color?
 I'd like the same style as this one.
 I don't know if you'd call it a hobby, but to stretch it a little, you could say music appreciation is my hobby.
 Tell me all you know in connection with this.
 What is the difference between this and that?
 How do you like that?
 This is as long as that.
 How is this connected to that?
 You have your choice between this and that.
 Please choose between this one and that one.
 Which is cheaper, this or that?
 Which is better, this or that?
 Then I can have some peace of my mind.
 This will teach that he must obey the law.
 With this his spirit will be consoled.
 All is completed with this.
 This ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black.
 This is the end.
 This is the end of my story.
 This will save you a lot of trouble.
 This adds to my troubles.
 I've finished all the work for today.
 It's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
 Will this answer your purpose?
 Everything is fine.
 This will help our business along.
 This adds to our troubles.
 This is driving me crazy.
 That means cutting the first train.
 This probably means war.
 You'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way.
 Is this what you've wanted for a long time?
 Here it is, all in black and white.
 This will add to our troubles.
 This will surely add to you appetite.
 This is it. They're going to kill me.
 The line has been busy for minutes now.
 Do you have this in my size?
 It will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort.
 There are so many anti-smoking campaigns these days; maybe smoking really is a threat to the public order.
 I'm not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that. In fact, I feel empowered by it.
 Not badnot bad at all. This is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof.
 Just don't forget this.
 I'll say this: I am innocent.
 Will this much food do for a week's camping?
 This is all he has to do.
 This alone is enough to convince us.
 This is the coffee.
 My cholesterol levels are high.
 My cholesterol is high.
 If you want to avoid cholesterol, eat lean meat with no fat.
 I see that I am surrounded by hostile faces.
 I guess I'm never going to get married.
 This makes me very angry.
 It just goes on forever.
 Can you tell me what size this is?
 This is all I need to know.
 This is the very thing that I wanted.
 I believe this is a case in point.
 This is the same motorcycle that was left at the scene of the accident.
 This is the same car that was left at the scene of the crime.
 This is what I want.
 This is the very book that I want to read.
 This is the very book that I have long wanted to read.
 This is the very book I have been looking for.
 This is the very dictionary I've been looking for.
 This is the very CD I've been looking for.
 This is just what I have been looking for so long.
 This is the very book for you to read.
 That's just what I wanted.
 This is the very place I have long wanted to visit.
 This is the very video I wanted to see.
 This is the very thing that you need.
 This is the very thing you need now.
 This is the very dictionary that I have wanted so long.
 This is the very dictionary that I have been looking for.
 Here is a true Israelite, in whom there is nothing false.
 Isn't this the same necklace that Aunt Clara wears?
 I need a box of this size.
 This is the only road to the next town.
 This is a post office and that is a bank.
 Given that this is true, what should we do?
 This is how I go about it.
 This is mine, and that's yours.
 This is the rough draft of the peace treaty.
 This is her weak point.
 This pleased them worst of all.
 This adds color to his speech.
 This is what he painted.
 This is the temple where he stays.
 This will be the book he is looking for.
 This is the house in which he lived.
 This is his formula.
 This is what he says.
 This was his one and only hope.
 This flung him into a passion.
 This is the house that he lives in.
 That is all that he said.
 This is what he said.
 This is the way he learned English.
 Is this the embarkation card?
 This is the key to the whole mystery.
 Can you get this, man?
 This is the hotel at which we stayed at that time.
 This is the best camera in the store.
 This is much the most expensive car in the shop.
 This is by far the best way.
 This is the absolute best.
 Are these the glasses you're looking for?
 This is shorthand writing, by means of which we can keep up with the talker.
 This is shorthand.
 This is the worst of all.
 This is the most important matter of all.
 This is the central problem of postwar immigration.
 Is this the book you spoke of the other day?
 This is the car I spoke of the other day.
 This is the extent of my ability.
 I'm not sure if this is correct.
 Is this my life?
 This is the best dictionary there is in the library.
 This is my I.D. card.
 This is a new type of car.
 Is this your first trip abroad?
 Here's the address.
 This is the last train, sir.
 This is a weakness peculiar to young people.
 Is this in fact going to affect their relationships?
 This is what we want to know.
 This is the boy who helped me.
 Here's my card.
 This is a picture of my mother.
 This is the house where my father was born and brought up.
 This is why I hate him.
 Here's my telephone number.
 This is a picture of my grandmother.
 This is the key I have been looking for.
 Here are the numbers of my checks.
 How does this bear on my future?
 This is the house where I live.
 This is his answer to my letter.
 This is my car.
 This is the best dictionary that I have.
 This is what I thought.
 This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
 This is my business address.
 This is how we do it.
 This is where we differ very much from Japanese workers.
 This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
 This will be the house we are looking for.
 This is what I need.
 This is all I can read.
 This is the reason why I came late.
 This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
 This is the house where I lived in my early days.
 This is the village where I spent my childhood.
 This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
 This is a proverb the meaning of which I do not understand.
 This is the hat I've been looking for.
 This is the key which I have been looking for.
 This is the room where the body was found.
 This is the reason I came here.
 This is the dictionary I spoke of yesterday.
 There are photos of the singers who're featured in the magazine.
 This is the car about which Linda talked yesterday.
 This is the boy whom I saw yesterday.
 This is the dictionary I told you about yesterday.
 This is much the best.
 This is the latest fashion.
 This is the last time.
 This is the surest way to succeed.
 Is this dress the latest fashion?
 This is the latest fashion this spring.
 This is all that is known so far.
 This is the heaviest snowfall we have ever had.
 We have never had such a heavy snowfall.
 This will be the book you're looking for.
 This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
 This is my best work to date.
 This is the largest building in existence.
 This is an exact copy of the original.
 This is the man who's suspected by the police.
 This caused most of the local bath-houses to fall on hard times.
 Here is your share of the cake.
 This is what you must do.
 This is the book which you are looking for.
 If this is your knife, then I have lost mine.
 This is the book about which I told you.
 This is the garden I laid out last year.
 These are the rules; act accordingly.
 I like this. I'll take it.
 Here's my return ticket.
 This is the passage to the sea.
 Is this a river?
 This is the shortest way to the station.
 I am uncertain whether this is a thing of value.
 This is the temple which we used to visit.
 So, this is the nata-de-coco that everyone is talking about.
 This is how I learned English.
 Judging from this.
 Here's my receipt.
 They are in for trouble.
 No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
 I don't know what to do from now on.
 There'll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs.
 We hope you will enjoy the show.
 Please write down what I am going to say.
 Answer me this.
 Answer me this. Did you see her there?
 I'll find one later.
 I hope we stay in touch.
 I'm going home now.
 Let's keep in touch.
 I'll study harder in the future.
 I'm counting on you to be strong.
 Wishing you an enjoyable future.
 He is here to stay.
 Never be late for school again.
 From now on, you must be responsible for what you do.
 From now on, I promise to be punctual.
 These are sold in one's.
 I will never tell a lie from now on.
 I've decided to be more positive and give it all I've got.
 I can sleep in peace after this.
 From now on, let's keep in touch.
 From now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
 Is there much demand for these goods?
 These flowers grow in warm countries.
 We're all at sea about where to take our company from here.
 I'm going shopping at the supermarket.
 This is the very camera I've wanted for a long time.
 This is the church where Blake is buried.
 This is the bell called Big Ben.
 Is this the train for New York?
 This is the train for New York.
 Do you know who they are?
 This was the last conversation I had with my mother about Terry Tate.
 You alone can do this.
 This is just the type of car I want.
 Do you know whose car this is?
 This is the best method to solve that problem.
 This is the core of the problem.
 This is the boy.
 This done, we had lunch.
 This is the least expensive method of all.
 This is by far the best.
 The shutter's over here. All you have to do is press it.
 This is the last food there is on this boat.
 This is the biggest hotel in this city.
 This has been the trend for the past twenty years.
 This is the latest acquisition to my library.
 This is the reason why I didn't come yesterday.
 Here's the key, here's the contract.
 This is the house in which he was born.
 This is how we cook rice.
 It is doubtful whether this will work.
 This is what we call "tempura".
 This is the handbag I bought in Italy.
 This is the American way of life.
 This is Japan as Americans see it.
 This is the house where the famous novelist was born.
 This is the boy who found your watch.
 This will be your umbrella, I suppose.
 This will be the book you are looking for.
 I appreciate that this is not an easy task for you.
 This is much the better of the two.
 This is the more useful of the two.
 This is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer.
 This is the means by which I can find him.
 This is the camera with which he took the picture.
 This is the reason why he did it.
 Is this what you've been searching for all this time?
 This is what is called the Norman Conquest.
 Could you change these for me, please?
 Please charge this to my account.
 How long may I keep this?
 How much do you ask for this?
 Is this your book, Mike?
 Playing golf is great fun.
 I like to play golf.
 Have you ever played golf?
 I'd like to play a game of golf.
 Golf isn't my cup of tea.
 Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
 Are you fond of golf?
 Can I make a reservation for golf?
 I've never played golf, but I think I'll give it a shot.
 When it comes to playing golf, you cannot beat him.
 The lower a golf score is, the better.
 The golfer gave his caddy some medicine.
 Mr Colcott came to like Japanese food.
 The cork would not come out.
 Researchers at the Gorilla Foundation have to spell out words like "c-a-n-d-y" and "g-u-m" when Koko is nearby.
 Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
 She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
 How about that!
 Take your time. There's no hurry.
 These things are often unknown to the world.
 Sorry, I've got to go.
 I could not say "I'm sorry."
 No. I'm sorry, I've got to go back early.
 Sorry. It's all my fault.
 I'm afraid I'm feeling out of sorts right now.
 I'm sorry. I didn't mean to surprise you.
 I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
 I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
 I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
 Please come prepared to provide your comments.
 May I trouble you to shut the window?
 I'm sorry to have troubled you. No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
 Sorry. I missed the train.
 Sorry. Traffic was heavy.
 Sorry. The train was late.
 I'm sorry I didn't quite catch what you said.
 Sorry. I could hardly find this place.
 I'm sorry. I take back my words.
 I'm sorry. I'm partly responsible for it.
 I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
 I'm afraid you can't. I have tennis practice later.
 I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to kick you.
 Sorry I haven't fixed dinner tonight. I was so tired there was just no way.
 It's a comedy movie.
 Comedy is something that makes you laugh.
 Comedians base their jokes on tragic situations like violent death or serious accidents.
 I have leg cramps.
 Mr Gomez didn't excuse me for my mistake.
 The rubber band broke with a vicious snap.
 A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
 Where is the garbage area?
 Getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities.
 The garbage collector comes three times a week.
 Put the garbage outside.
 As all kinds of communication methods are proliferating, human relationships are weakening. This is a perfect example of mistaking means for ends.
 What do you mean by communication?
 Communications broke down.
 Komiakov may never have full use of his arm.
 Put all your waste paper in this basket.
 There is a law against dropping litter but it is rarely enforced.
 The top went around and around.
 It is necessary to put something by against days of need.
 Copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun.
 Copernicus proposed the idea that the Earth travels around the Sun.
 I'm looking forward to the day when Miss Cobb comes back, I can tell you.
 The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
 She'll be seeing to your correspondence while Miss Cobb's away.
 Jane Cobb, his present secretary, is the only person in the office who can stand him.
 The obsequious waiter is usually assigned the best table because he always curries favor with his manager and superiors.
 A campaign is underway throughout the company to achieve economy in the use of copying paper.
 Nothing could be more useful than a copying machine.
 Put a tag on the pages you want copied.
 What days of the week does it take place?
 These small rodents store up nuts in the winter.
 This rose is beautiful.
 This rose does not smell so sweet as the one I bought the other day.
 This watch was handed down to me by my grandfather.
 This watch is a new type.
 How much is this watch?
 This watch costs around fifty thousand yen.
 This watch cost 70,yen.
 This bay is called New York Harbor.
 I've heard this story scores of times.
 Let's get off the subject.
 If she heard this story, she will get angry.
 I may put this story on the stage.
 I'm afraid the story will give him a wrong impression.
 This story is believed to be true.
 Let's keep this matter between ourselves.
 This story will do for a novel.
 This story might sound unbelievable but it is true.
 This story is based on facts.
 This story is too complex for children.
 This conversation is a masterpiece.
 I have heard this story scores of times.
 As I heard the story secondhand, I can't ascertain the truth of it.
 This story sounds very unlikely to me.
 This story is rather monotonous.
 This story is by far more interesting than that one.
 This story may sound strange, but it's absolutely true.
 This story tells us an interesting fact.
 As to the source of this statement, I know nothing.
 The lesson of this story is not that reading Shakespeare will help one rise in the business world.
 Did you understand the moral of this story?
 Please bear with me until I finish the story.
 The paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics.
 This article will affect my thinking.
 The essay treats of the progress of cancer research.
 We are not concerned in this paper with the application of Emmet's theory in biology.
 In this paper I address the question, what is difficult about the intermediary's position in a negotiation?
 In this paper I limit the discussion to Emmet's 'dyad' style in his works from 1995.
 In this paper, I compare the folklores of Germany and Holland.
 In the first section of this review I raise the question of how brain processes cause our conscious experiences.
 Let's put a stop to this discussion.
 This old man actually swam across the river.
 These workmen are constructing a road.
 This exercise is easy enough for me to do without help.
 This pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence.
 This ticket is valid for three months.
 This train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
 This train is bound for Tokyo.
 This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka.
 This train left Aomori thirty minutes late, so we won't arrive at Tokyo before noon, I'm afraid.
 This train is made up of seven cars.
 This train makes connections with a ferry-boat at Takamatsu.
 This train stops at every station.
 This train is bound for New York.
 How fast does this train run?
 This train runs between New York and Boston.
 Where is this train bound?
 I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
 Take this train and make a change at the next station.
 Are you sure this is the right train?
 There are not a few passengers on this train.
 This train will get you there in half the time.
 The train will get you there after half the time.
 Please keep my place in this line.
 This history book is written for high school students.
 How long can we keep this frozen food?
 How many minutes shall I boil this frozen asparagus?
 Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
 The example doesn't fall into any type stated above.
 In this instance we are provided with an exact account of the conversation between the two poets.
 This apple is bad.
 This beam won't hold the weight of the second story.
 Could you give me a new dish of these?
 These dishes remind me of my mother's cooking.
 Could you heat this dish?
 This dish goes very well with sake.
 I made this food myself.
 This food is too salty.
 This dish has a strong flavor of garlic.
 This dish is more delicious than that one.
 Will you read this cookbook?
 What sauce do you use for this dish?
 Is lunch included in this price?
 This trip will become a pleasant memory.
 This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
 Who were your companions on this trip?
 The outdoor spa at this hot-spring is wonderful.
 This inn gives good service.
 The trip is farther than I expected.
 This clasp won't fasten.
 This fluid can be substituted for glue.
 This fashion has had its day.
 This theory is true of Japan.
 This theory holds in everything.
 This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
 I am going to substantiate this theory.
 For this reason, the credibility of the book's authors rests on the credibility of their sources.
 I decided to visit the United States on this account.
 I hope this stormy weather won't go on.
 This egg is fresh.
 This egg has a bad smell.
 Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
 Not all of these eggs are fresh.
 None of these eggs are fresh.
 May I have this dance?
 This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
 Please mail this form to your insurance company.
 Please fill in your name and address on this form.
 Would you please fill out this form?
 Please fill out this form.
 Fill in this form.
 This suit is anything but cheap.
 This dress is a good bargain.
 I want this suit cleaned.
 This is how he failed.
 Nothing can excuse him for such rude behavior.
 Look at this grand view of the ocean.
 Would you mind sending this letter for me?
 Mail this letter.
 This mail will be delivered tomorrow.
 I know more or less about the rules of this game.
 This oil field used to produce an order of magnitude more oil as it does now.
 This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
 Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
 This medicine will do you good or harm, as the case may be.
 Take this medicine after each meal.
 Take this medicine faithfully, and you will feel better.
 Take this medicine between meals.
 This medicine will do good to you.
 This medicine will cure you of your stomach-ache.
 You can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine.
 This medicine will clear up your cold.
 This medicine will cure your headache immediately.
 This medicine will decrease your pain.
 This medicine will relieve the pain.
 This medicine will give you some relief.
 If you take this medicine, you will feel better.
 This medicine will do you good.
 This medicine will cure you of that disease.
 This medicine will make you feel much better.
 The medicine will soon put you right.
 This medicine will make you feel better.
 This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
 If you take medicine, you will feel better.
 Take this medicine, and you'll feel a lot better.
 The medicine will cure your headache.
 You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
 This medicine will take the pain away.
 This medicine will ease your cramps.
 Take this medicine. You will feel better soon.
 Must I take this medicine?
 Do I have to take this medicine?
 Take this medicine twice a day.
 Will this medicine really do me any good?
 This medicine does not agree with me.
 This medicine is good for a cold.
 This medicine will do wonders for a runny nose.
 This medicine may aid his recovery.
 This drug acts against headache.
 This medicine will do you a good deal of good.
 What effect did the doctor say this medicine has on people?
 Put this medicine where children can't get it.
 Keep this medicine out of the children's reach.
 This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
 I think this medicine will do you good.
 I think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
 This medicine tastes bitter.
 This medicine helps relieve muscle pain.
 These pills act on the liver.
 This medicine renews your strength.
 The medicine is hard to swallow.
 This medicine will do you good!
 This medicine tastes horrible.
 This medicine is not a poison in itself.
 This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
 This medicine is no protection against influenza.
 This medicine should be taken every three hours.
 This medicine is a natural poison.
 This medicine, properly used, will do you a lot of good.
 This medicine cured me of my cold.
 This medicine has no side effects.
 This medicine is free from harmful effects.
 This medicine will soothe your headache.
 This medicine will cure your cold.
 This medicine will take care of your headache.
 This medicine will cure you of your cold.
 This medicine will relieve your headache.
 I've never heard of this actor.
 No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
 What do you call this vegetable in English?
 These vegetables cook slowly.
 This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
 These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
 This gate needs painting.
 The gate admits to the garden.
 This gate allows access to the garden.
 We must take this matter into account as a whole.
 Let's approach this problem from a different aspect.
 This problem must not be dismissed out of hand.
 It is difficult to solve this problem.
 We beat our brains to solve this problem.
 It is no use trying to solve this problem.
 Is it easy for me to solve this problem?
 It's almost impossible to work out this problem.
 I'll give you five minutes to work out this problem.
 I had difficulty in solving this problem.
 It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
 I will give you ten minutes to work out this problem.
 It takes minutes to solve this problem.
 It is difficult, if not impossible, to solve this problem.
 We have to consider the problem more carefully.
 How shall we deal with this matter?
 How shall we deal with the problem?
 Let's clear up this problem.
 The two countries came to a political settlement over this dispute.
 This problem may be solved in a variety of ways.
 This problem is too difficult for me to solve.
 I had trouble with this question.
 This question is one of great importance.
 This problem is in his field.
 The problem is complicated by his personality.
 This problem is of his own making.
 This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
 This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
 This problem is too difficult for you to solve.
 This problem is beyond my powers.
 This problem is hard to solve. So you had better begin with that one.
 This problem is worth discussing.
 This matter must be dealt with sooner or later.
 This problem is too simple.
 We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
 This problem has been debated by many economists.
 Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
 We should consider this problem as a whole.
 This subject should be discussed in detail.
 This problem is too much for me to handle.
 This problem can not be discussed here for lack of time.
 I can't solve this problem.
 This problem is so easy that I can solve it.
 This question is too difficult for me.
 This problem is beyond me.
 This problem is difficult for me to some degree.
 I will deal with this problem.
 This problem is akin to the one we had last year.
 This problem deserves considering.
 This matter had best be left unmentioned.
 This problem is not so difficult as it seems.
 This matter must not be trifled with.
 This question isn't easy.
 This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
 I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
 This subject is outside the scope of our inquiry.
 This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
 This was too difficult a problem for her to solve.
 This problem is a real challenge.
 This matter is of great importance.
 This problem is easier than that.
 This question has often arisen.
 This problem demands immediate attention.
 I close my mind to this subject.
 This problem arose from the mutual misunderstanding.
 This problem is too difficult to deal with.
 This question is closely related to that one.
 We will discuss this problem later.
 You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
 This question counts for points.
 This problem seems difficult.
 This matter is extremely important to us.
 This problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it.
 I can't think of any solution to this problem.
 My desire is to help you with this problem.
 I don't know what the question means.
 Concentrate your attention on this problem.
 We will interview two people so we can hear both sides of this question.
 All the answers to this question were wrong.
 There were a lot of opinions, pro and con, on this question.
 As far as this problem is concerned, you cannot escape your responsibility.
 What do you have to say with regard to this problem?
 In respect of this question, there are three opinions.
 What's your opinion with regard to this matter?
 With respect to this question, there are three problems.
 With respect to this question, there are three opinions.
 This problem bristles with difficulties both psychological and economical.
 This problem baffles me.
 How will you dispose of this problem?
 I have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair.
 This problem has often been remarked upon.
 Our knowledge on the problem is rather limited.
 There is no choice in this matter.
 I defy you to solve this problem.
 Can you do this problem?
 If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
 Let's begin with this problem.
 This question is too difficult for me to answer.
 The answer to this question is wrong.
 This alarm clock gains one minute a day.
 These trees will screen our new house from public view.
 This tree measures three meters around.
 This tree bears no fruit.
 This tree does not bear fruit.
 This tree is tall, but that one is even taller.
 This tree bears a lot of good fruit.
 This wood won't burn.
 How tall this tree is!
 This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
 This tree is the same age as that one.
 This tree is about as tall as that one.
 This tree is about as high as that one.
 This tree has been standing for five decades.
 The top of this tree is level with the fence.
 This tree bears good peaches every year.
 Hold fast to this tree.
 This net here is to keep off mosquitoes.
 These cotton socks bear washing well.
 This cotton shirt washes well.
 This maze is very hard to get out of.
 What is the correct aperture in this light?
 You'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light.
 This order is to be obeyed to the letter.
 Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
 I can't see the road signs in this fog.
 I want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor.
 The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
 This dream will come true.
 The origins of these people is shrouded in mystery.
 This miso soup is too hot to drink.
 The taste of sugar is too noticeable.
 I borrowed this cartoon from his older sister.
 This fountain pen is as good as any I have ever used.
 This pen has run dry.
 Compare this genuine jewel with that imitation.
 This book is selling like hotcakes.
 This bookcase is easy to assemble.
 This bookstore stopped selling JUMP.
 Understanding this book is beyond my capacity.
 May I leave this book with you?
 Don't forget to bring back this book.
 I just have to drop this book off.
 Take this book back to him.
 I am hoping to get two copies of this book.
 I profited from reading this book.
 You can read this book.
 May I go out to play when I have read this book?
 I remember reading this book.
 If we read this book we will be able to understand this country better.
 This book tells that life is hopeful.
 This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
 Do you think this book is worth reading?
 It is easy for me to read this book.
 It is a good idea to read this book.
 It takes two hours to read this book.
 You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
 This book gives us a good idea of economics.
 Every time I read this book, I find something new.
 I never read this book without being reminded of my old days.
 It took me three days to read through this book.
 It'll take a week or so to read through this book.
 Take this medicine, and you'll feel better.
 Read this book.
 It took me five hours to read through this book.
 Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
 The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
 Mr Ogata, the author of this book, used to be a newspaperman.
 No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
 Please keep this book at hand.
 May I borrow this book?
 This book stands high in my opinion.
 Please buy me this book.
 Please give me this book.
 It is possible for you to read this book in a few days.
 I bought this book at Kakuzen's.
 Put this sentence into English.
 Do you think it is difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
 Place this book back where it was.
 Here's a book for your mother to read.
 May I have this book?
 How long does it take for you to read this book?
 I will give you this book.
 Please lend me this book for a few days.
 Give me a copy of this book.
 Give this book to whoever wants it.
 This book will be printed next year.
 This book is written in easy English.
 This book looks interesting.
 This book is not less amusing than that one.
 This book is both interesting and instructive.
 This book makes pleasant reading.
 This book seemed interesting.
 There's not so much text in this book.
 This book is above me.
 This book is suitable for general readers.
 You will derive great pleasure from this book.
 This book is hers.
 This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
 This book counts among the best of his work.
 This book is not for sale.
 This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
 This book sold well in Japan.
 This book is not available in Japan.
 This book is worth reading twice.
 This book comes in two volumes.
 This book is too difficult to understand.
 This book is too difficult for me to read.
 This book is so difficult, I can't read it.
 This book is too difficult for you to read.
 This book is too difficult to read in a week.
 This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
 This book is pleasant to read.
 I found this book interesting.
 I think this book is worth reading.
 This book isn't worth reading.
 This book is worth reading.
 This book is interesting to read.
 This book is too difficult to read.
 It is worthwhile to read this book.
 It is easy to read this book.
 You had better not read this book.
 This book is especially difficult to read.
 This book is worthy of attention.
 This book deals with China.
 This book contains forty photographs.
 This book should be read with diligence.
 Whose is this book?
 This book only goes down to World War II.
 This is a book often read by adults.
 This book is too large to go in my pocket.
 This book should help you a lot.
 This book may well be useful to you.
 This book has pages exclusive of illustrations.
 This book isn't interesting at all.
 This was the best-selling book last week.
 This book is fundamental for an understanding of biology.
 This book belongs to the library.
 This book deals with anthropology.
 This book is new.
 This book was new.
 This book deals with psychology.
 This book is worthy of praise.
 This book gave me a good laugh.
 This book is very popular among women.
 This book is small.
 This book is suitable for beginners.
 This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
 This book is a good guide for beginners.
 This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
 This book is hot off from the press.
 This book is heavy.
 This book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking.
 This book is within the capacity of young readers.
 This book has a lot of pictures.
 You can't take away these books.
 This book deals with facts.
 This book is above my understanding.
 This book is better than any I have ever read.
 This book belongs to me.
 This book is mine; I wrote my name in it myself.
 This book seems easy to me.
 This book is too dear for me.
 This book is easy for me to read.
 This book is quite above me.
 This book is far above me.
 This book will be of great use to us.
 This book is too difficult for me to understand.
 This book is easy enough for me to read.
 This book is hard for me to read.
 This book is adapted for children.
 This book is easy enough for children to read.
 This book is within the capacity of children.
 This book is meant for children.
 This book is divided into four parts.
 This book costs 3,yen.
 The last leaf of this book is missing.
 This book is selling well these days.
 This book is too expensive. I can't afford to buy it.
 This book is too expensive.
 This book has few, if any, misprints.
 This book goes on the top shelf.
 This book consists of five chapters.
 This book is old.
 This book is full of figures of speech.
 This book deals with the new theory of linguistics.
 This book is his best effort to date.
 This book is abridged from the original.
 This book deals with the uses of atomic power.
 This is an old book with a new face.
 Is this book Takeo's?
 This book will be helpful to your study.
 This book belongs to you.
 Is this book yours?
 This book is easy for you to read.
 This book will do you more harm than good.
 I am sure this book will be of great use to you.
 This book is so absorbing that I can't put it down.
 This book is full of mistakes.
 This book is interesting except for a few mistakes.
 Written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
 This book is popular with students.
 This book is a must for every student studying English.
 This book is of great use to us.
 This book has become widely read in our country.
 This book is worth reading again and again.
 This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
 This book is worth reading over and over again.
 This book has undergone several translations.
 What heading does this book come under?
 How small this book is!
 What is the book about?
 How old this book is!
 I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
 This book was printed in England.
 This book is written in English.
 This is the most interesting.
 Put this book on top of the others.
 This book deals with the invasion of the Romans.
 This book ought to be a good seller.
 This book sells well.
 This book is written in simple English.
 I bought this book for less.
 This book is worth reading again.
 Are you through with this book?
 Are all these books yours?
 This book is still copyrighted.
 This book was written by Haley.
 How long can I keep this book?
 This book is Tony's.
 This book is so amusing that I could go on reading for hours.
 This book is really interesting.
 This book being very difficult, I can't read it.
 This book is very new.
 This book is very small.
 This book will give you great pleasure.
 This book is so easy that a child can read it.
 This book is easy enough for them to read.
 Return this book as soon as you can.
 This book can't go into the bag.
 This book is a little out of date.
 This book will do more harm than good.
 This book is available at one shop only.
 This book is of great use.
 This book is very interesting.
 This book probably won't be all that useful.
 This book is the smallest of all the books.
 This book is designed to teach children how to read.
 This book is sold here.
 This book is not sold here.
 This book, which was once a best seller, is now out of print.
 This book is at once interesting and instructive.
 This book is not only interesting but also instructive.
 This book is interesting and, what is more, very instructive.
 This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
 This book is on the manners and customs of America.
 This book is smaller than that one.
 This book is even more interesting than that.
 This book is less large than that one.
 This book is not as easy as that one.
 This book isn't as interesting as that book.
 This book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book.
 This book is as small as that one.
 This book is as interesting as that book.
 This book is suitable for your needs.
 Does this book belong to you?
 This book will be of great use to you.
 This book has gone through eight editions.
 This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
 This book is composed of three chapters.
 This book is missing two pages.
 This book is very good except for a few mistakes.
 Though this is a bulky book with over pages, I will have read it all by this time next week.
 This book, which I've read twice, was a gift from Peter.
 This book is of great value to students of science.
 This book is smaller.
 This book is older than that one.
 This book is much more useful than that one.
 The stories in the book are written for her.
 This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
 Who is the author of this book?
 The author of this book is still young.
 Every sentence in this book is important.
 The cost of the book is dollars.
 The hero of the book rails at the injustices of the world but does nothing about them.
 The last chapter of this book.
 The price of this book has been reduced by half.
 Give me your impression of this book.
 Is there a paperback edition of this book?
 All the characters in this book are imaginary.
 The stories which you will read in this book deal with some of the many problems which face young people.
 Do you feel any attraction for this book?
 This book says the earliest man-made bridges date back to the New Stone Age.
 My life has been changed by this book.
 This book has many beautiful pictures.
 This book is beautifully illustrated.
 This book contains a lot of short stories.
 This book contains many pictures.
 Many English proverbs are collected in this book.
 What is written in the book?
 This book contains a lot of photos.
 This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
 This book has a certain value.
 Could I have your autograph on this book?
 I enjoyed this book so much!
 Where does this book go?
 Which is easier to read, this book or that one?
 Which is older, this book or that one?
 Which book is older, this one or that one?
 Which is easier, this book or that book?
 It's this book.
 In this book, the writer contrasts Japan with America.
 This book will do.
 You're going to get much publicity with this book.
 Please ask whether they have this book at the library.
 I cannot do without this book.
 If it were not for this book, I couldn't study.
 You'll find this book very interesting.
 I would like this book.
 This book will awaken your imagination.
 This pole is sharp at the end.
 This telescope must be used carefully.
 With this telescope stars and dreams can be seen.
 Tell me whose hat this is.
 What does this hat remind you of?
 This hat will become her.
 This hat does match the brown dress.
 This cap is too small. Please show me another.
 This hat is too small for me.
 This hat is mine.
 This hat suits me nicely.
 This hat is a little too small for me.
 This hat doesn't fit me.
 This hat goes together with the dress.
 This hat is too tight for me.
 What is the price of this cap?
 This hat is less expensive than that one.
 Is this hat yours?
 Does this cap belong to you?
 This hat is too big for you.
 This hat cost me $10.
 This hat is cheap at yen.
 I paid ten dollars for this cap.
 This law will benefit the poor.
 This law shall have effect in Japan.
 This law does not apply in Japan.
 We should reform this law.
 This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
 This law applies to everybody.
 This law is applicable to all cases.
 This law came into existence in 1918.
 What these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm.
 This rule cannot be applied in every case.
 This method is of wide application.
 This method has no application to the case.
 This method is sure to work.
 It is doubtful whether this method will work.
 There is no access to the building from this direction.
 Show this gentleman to the front door.
 He was in the world.
 He was with God in the beginning.
 This is the guide who took us around the castle.
 This would be better than that.
 This news is official.
 This report admits of doubt.
 What does this news augur?
 The report has yet to be confirmed.
 I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
 Could you put this report into Italian for me?
 This report isn't to the point.
 This report is not perfect.
 Make a copy of this report.
 This report is free from errors.
 Will you glance through this report?
 This report confirms his betrayal.
 The report made much of that fact.
 This package has been left here by him.
 This vowel change has much to do with the overall accent pattern assigned to each word.
 This insurance covers everything.
 What time do you start boarding?
 Does this flight make any stop-overs?
 Is the flight on schedule?
 This answer almost amounts to a threat.
 This answer made him angry.
 You've got to carry a gun in this area.
 Traffic is heavy around here.
 Recently, there are a lot of burglaries around here.
 Is there a mailbox near here?
 Is there a bank near here?
 This neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at.
 There are no houses around here.
 It is high time we aired some of our gripes.
 I'm quite a stranger around here.
 Apples are produced in this district.
 Do you know this part of the city very well?
 I know my way around here.
 Mrs Ogawa is familiar with this neighbourhood.
 The mountains in this part of the country are full of variety.
 Are you familiar with this area?
 Could you suggest a good beauty parlor near here?
 Are there any good restaurants around here?
 Is gas available in this neighborhood?
 Don't stay around here.
 Is there a supermarket near here?
 Is there a gas station around here?
 Did you see a brown wallet around here?
 Let's wind up our work.
 Let's quit here and continue tomorrow.
 At times, it snows even in April around here.
 Can I catch a taxi near here?
 I think it's around here.
 Who owns this villa?
 We can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting.
 This wall feels cold.
 This wall feels very cold.
 Don't lean against this wall.
 This fence leans to the left a little.
 It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
 How do you interpret these sentences?
 You should rewrite this sentence.
 This sentence states exactly how the writer feels.
 This sentence doesn't make sense.
 The passage admits of no other interpretation.
 This document is for your eyes only.
 Can he write this character?
 Let's learn this sentence by heart.
 This sentence is grammatically correct.
 You should rewrite this sentence. It doesn't make sense.
 The meaning of this sentence is ambiguous.
 Make this sentence a little shorter.
 This sentence may be interpreted another way.
 Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
 You can't understand this sentence, can you?
 You have to take this powder after each meal.
 I don't know anything with respect to this area.
 Japan caught up with the United States in this field.
 Many scientists are working in this field.
 The approach employed in this analysis was as follows.
 The analysis gives the following results.
 What does the word "get" mean in this sentence?
 At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
 This substance is not poisonous in itself.
 This substance will mix with water.
 This substance is mostly composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
 The common state of this matter is solid.
 This story is worth reading.
 This story appeared serially in the Asahi.
 This story is short enough to read in one lesson.
 I'm afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate.
 This story is true.
 This story is based on actual events.
 This story is founded on fact.
 This story is worth reading again.
 This story may be adaptable for a television program.
 This is a story about a cat.
 All the events described in this story are imaginary.
 The heroine of this story is a little girl.
 This story is by far the most interesting of all.
 This Buddhist image cannot be dated exactly.
 I can't stand this stomach-ache.
 This cloth is sold by the yard.
 This style of costume originated in Paris.
 I like that dress better than this one.
 I think this suit is vastly superior to that one in quality.
 I think this suit is much superior to that one in quality.
 This dress shrank, and what's more it faded.
 Does your dress become me?
 This dress is much too large for me.
 These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
 This suit is too good for me.
 This dress creases easily.
 I like the silhouette these clothes give me.
 Does this dress look OK on me?
 What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
 I like this skirt. May I try it on?
 This custom dates back to the 12th century.
 I'm trying to throw this cold off.
 It'll take me a long time to get over my cold.
 I can't get rid of this cold.
 This wind is a sign of a storm.
 Write your name and address on this envelope.
 We must buy a new carpet for this room.
 You are free to use this room.
 I want you to have this room clean and tidy.
 This room is air-conditioned.
 This room gets a lot of sunshine.
 This room is for VIPs.
 This room has fine ventilation.
 This room doesn't get much sunshine.
 This room gets sunshine.
 This room is pleasant to work in.
 This room is too hot to study in. I can't stand it any more.
 This room heats easily.
 This room will do for large meetings.
 This room is for rent.
 This room is very stuffy.
 This room is used by teachers.
 This room is my bedroom, and the other one is my office.
 This room is anything but warm.
 This room is too hot for us to work in.
 It is hot in this room.
 This room is twelve feet by twenty-four feet.
 This room is large enough.
 This room rents at dollars a week.
 This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
 Can I use this room freely?
 This room is too small for us.
 This room can hold three hundred people.
 This room doesn't get a lot of sun.
 This room is for individual use.
 The room is anything but small.
 Smoking is not allowed in this room.
 This room is cramped.
 This room is well furnished.
 This room is just about big enough.
 This room looks like a pigsty.
 This room is awfully cold.
 This room is very warm.
 It is very hot in this room, isn't it?
 I am quite comfortable in this room.
 This room is not very large.
 This room will soon heat up.
