The train was ten minutes behind time because of heavy snow.
I failed to come on account of a heavy snowfall.
Electric wires were broken in many places from the heavy snowfall.
The heavy snow prevented us from going to the concert.
They could not set out because it snowed heavily.
The train was thirty minutes late on account of the heavy snow.
Because of the heavy snow, the train was minutes late.
The heavy snow stopped the train from running on time.
She was late as a result of the heavy snow.
I feel as I can rely on things now.
Nothing but grass was to be seen in the prairie.
Trees do not grow on prairies.
Everybody was so up in arms but it seems they got all panicky about nothing.
Finance Ministry officials tried to boost confidence in recovery.
A majority voted against the bill.
The majority of the committee were against the plan.
Most young people don't know the terror of war.
Most public places are simply not geared to people with disabilities.
The mass of people are against the plan.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
A majority of Japanese workers plan to take more than three consecutive days of summer vacation.
She was a young girl about your age.
That is almost correct.
A big man is not always robust.
With a big man it's hard for the blood to get up to the brain.
The earth was felt to tremble.
Shades of earth are ringing through my open view inciting and inviting me.
If there is a big earthquake, the alarm will sound.
It was in the 1920s that a big earthquake destroyed Tokyo.
You should stockpile necessary supplies in case of a big earthquake.
We have large, medium, and small. What size do you want?
The main street is filled with girls in kimonos.
You should be careful when crossing a big street.
Most companies have their own labor unions.
Most foreigners learn to like Japanese dishes.
Most students are tired of having to take examinations all the time.
Most dinner parties break up about eleven o'clock.
In large cities, in London for instance, there is heavy smog.
Murders are very common in big cities.
There is much crime in the big cities.
The big cities are full of allurements.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
Living in the noise and bustle of a large city, we sometimes feel like going into the country.
The atmosphere in a large city is polluted.
Big cities have too high a potential for riots.
Big cities have lots of amusements.
Alone in the big city, I began to get homesick.
Living in a large city has many advantages.
Part of the charm of a big city lies in the variety of styles that can be seen in the architecture of its buildings.
I dislike big cities.
The big investor bought up the stocks.
The Daito-maru is scheduled to sail at 4:00.
The movie rights to a successful novel is easy money for the writer of the novel.
There's a rumor that the President will resign.
Who will succeed Reagan as President?
The President is capable of handling the difficulties.
The president has grave responsibilities.
It was a great thrill to meet the President.
When I met the President, all my dreams came true.
Few men have direct access to the president.
Run for president.
The President's guards are stationed in front of the entrance.
The President's speech brought about a change in the American people.
The President's speech was calculated to ease world tensions.
The President's decision caused the market to react.
I strained to hear what the President said.
The president's term of office is four years.
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad.
The President left for America this morning.
The president said, "I don't give a damn."
The president declined to answer the delicate question.
Was the president in favor of the plan?
The president made a statement on the issue.
The President refused to answer the question.
The president was visiting France that month.
The President vetoed the bill, but Congress overrode his veto.
The president appointed each man to the post.
The President spoke to the nation on TV.
The President will make a speech over the radio.
The President gave an interview for reporters.
The president was greeted by the queen on arrival at the palace.
The President took a hard line.
The president was quoted as saying he would like to visit Japan soon.
The President called out the troops.
The President suspended the constitution and imposed martial law.
The President appealed to the nation for its cooperation.
The President made an address to the nation.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
The President called on everyone to save energy.
The president is busy with affairs of state.
The report goes that the president left London yesterday.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
The president made certain that he lined his pockets before he resigned.
The president is getting into the car.
The President offered a new plan.
The president granted a general pardon.
The president addressed a large audience.
The president abolished slavery.
The president shall be selected by majority vote.
The President decided to provide developing countries with sufficient aid.
The President nominated him to be Secretary of State.
The President desires peace.
The President desires peace, doesn't he?
The president put off visiting Japan.
The President is to make a statement tomorrow.
The president is presently in Miami.
The President leaves Washington for Paris next month.
The President will be broadcasting next year.
When a president or a governor acts wisely and lawfully, Americans express their approval by reelecting him and by supporting his political party.
The street was flagged to welcome the president.
He was being groomed as a presidential candidate.
The President himself addressed us.
The president conducted us personally to his office.
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.
A big wave swept the man off the boat.
A big wave turned the ferry over.
The huge waves upset their boat.
A big wave turned over his canoe.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
Can you tell barley from wheat at first sight?
Barley is our main product.
With regard to big inventions, chance has played a very small part.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
Almost all my records were imported from Germany.
Since I recovered from my serious illness, all of creation is beautiful to me.
Many people, if not most, look on literary taste as an elegant accomplishment.
Most Americans have a sense of humor.
Most athletes are told to keep away from cigarettes.
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
Most boys admire baseball heroes.
The great majority is for the project.
Most people live in urban areas.
Japanese cars are for the most part reliable.
Most Japanese opposed a tax increase.
Most signs are written in English.
For the most part I will agree with what he said.
You can't cop out on explaining a price increase of that size by blaming OPEC; that won't wash.
Despite a large surplus in merchandise trade, the current account surplus is not so big due to a deficit in invisible trade.
I got a big pay raise.
Write your name in capital letters.
It was very hot.
I'm busy as a bee.
Thank you ever so much.
It's really good.
It's been ages since I saw you last.
Thank you very much for all you have done.
I appreciate that you are very fatigued.
I'm sorry to have caused you such inconvenience.
I am sorry to trouble you so much.
It was such a lovely day that everybody was feeling happy and cheerful.
Oh, no! My passport is gone!
My goodness! I have lost the car keys.
Whenever you're in trouble or feeling down, I'll be there for you.
The fat will be in the fire.
Our water supply is very short.
Great effort was one factor in his success.
I am very sorry to inform you that she died.
It has become very cold.
I imagine that you went through a lot of difficulties.
It was a great help!
I'm very sorry.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March due to personal reasons.
I met so many people that I do not even remember their faces.
It is such warm weather that the roses will bloom soon.
To my great sorrow, my father died young.
It's making a great stir.
I'm too busy. I can't take on any new work.
The cannon went off by accident.
Kazuo is an ambitious young man.
The game lacked excitement.
A big tree has fallen in the storm.
We took refuge behind a big tree.
Tall trees catch much wind.
I will look the other way.
The ocean floor is being studied by some scientists.
Grasp all, lose all.
Flight across the continent was still a daring venture.
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
A big tear rolled down my cheek.
The quantity discounts are according to the size of the order.
There's a volcano emitting masses of smoke in Iceland.
Large amounts of timber are used in paper making.
I have to type in a really big document.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
There were five classes in the first year.
In the First World War, a large proportion of England's young men enlisted.
Ten games were played on the first day.
Second, smokers persuade themselves that there is nothing they can do about smoking anyway.
Lesson Two is easy.
The second quarter GNP growth was higher than predicted.
When did World War II break out?
It has been almost years since World War II ended.
The Second World War began in 1939.
Father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
World War II was carried on until 1945.
Halfway through the second chapter I realized I hadn't taken anything in.
The second man was a Spanish explorer.
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing.
Let's begin with Lesson 3.
Let's turn back to the third lesson.
Let's read Lesson 3.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
A loss in third-quarter revenues was predicted.
I wonder if a third world war will break out.
The issue of Third World poverty is very pressing.
Fourth, my homeroom class in Japan included students of a wide range of abilities.
GNP increased at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.5% in the fourth quarter.
Let's review Lesson 5.
Article 6. The president shall preside at all meetings.
Tell me the name of the ninth month.
First we have International English, which will probably become simpler than "standard."
Firstly, it is a matter of justice.
In the first place, no harm will come to us even if we try.
To begin with, she is too young.
First, they should have right ideas of things, ideas that are based on careful observation, and understand causes of effects and their significance correctly.
In the first place, we must be careful about what we eat and drink.
First of all, I want to tell you this.
To begin with, you must not be late for school.
In the first place they must have some dinner.
We have managed to overcome the first obstacle.
The first violins carry the melody.
First impressions are important.
The first impression is most lasting.
Corporate earnings for the first quarter were disappointing.
Don't give in to despair just because you didn't get into the college that was at the top of your wish-list.
Soon after the end of World War 1, people never thought such a hateful and cruel war would break out again.
World War I broke out in 1914.
Let's begin with the first chapter.
Thirdly, if you don't put in the effort and challenge difficult things, there is nothing in the world at which you will succeed.
A potential third party would not be able to crack the code.
In the fourth place, I do not want people to think that I am afraid of anything.
In the fourth place, even if we succeeded in carrying off the bear cubs, we could not run up a mountain without stopping to rest.
The second is the affinity with environment. By utilizing natural energy and reducing wastes, we have to make houses which harmonize with ecology.
Secondly, some of the Creoles may become independent "national languages" in their own right.
In the second place, if we do not go, someone else will read the inscription on the stone and find happiness, and we shall have lost it all.
Let's take up the second problem, shall we?
The second language may be freely chosen.
Your second child is a boy? Lucky you! Things are going according to the saying - Have a girl first and a boy next.
It was in that the Second World War broke out.
The Second World War broke out in 1939.
World War II ended in 1945.
We became Americanized after World War II.
The hawk has piercing eyes.
A waterfall of sweat began to pour down my face.
I'd like to play a game of ping-pong.
There're many rich Americans. On the other hand some Americans are very poor.
Scores of people gathered in front of the Royal Palace.
To read a lot of books is a good thing.
Would you page Mr Sawada?
The nursery toilet door was shut.
There is a kite flying above the tree.
The kite soared upwards with the swiftness of a bird.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Let's fly kites.
Few, if any, Americans grasped the significance of what had been accomplished.
Bite down on the cotton roll.
I'm worried she'll dehydrate.
The escaped robber is still at large.
A hunt is on for the runaway.
The escaped prisoner is still at large.
This is what they call a lucky break.
There is an album on the shelf.
Can you reach the top shelf?
Can you reach the box on that shelf?
What are the measurements of the shelf?
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
Clear off the shelf, and you can put your books there.
The valley was starred with yellow flowers.
The valley was dotted with farm houses.
A river runs down through the valley.
The valley narrows feet ahead.
The valley was aflame with red and yellow leaves.
The valley echoes the sound of the waterfall.
The valley echoed with his call.
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist.
Mr Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Who sent me a wire?
Who is the tallest of the five?
Who told you to write with your left hand?
Who will succeed to your father's business?
Who can run fastest in your class?
Do you know who is looking at that picture?
Who discovered America?
Who telephoned Ann?
Is anybody here?
Is somebody there?
Who will play the role of the princess?
Who helps your mother?
Somebody could exchange a sheep or a horse, for example, for anything in the marketplace that they considered to be of equal value.
The entire theater turned to chaos when somebody cried "Fire!".
We heard someone go upstairs.
Someone left a burning cigarette on the table.
Somebody has broken this dish.
Someone set fire to the house.
Someone made a threat to kill that politician.
Somebody must break the sad news to her mother.
Someone knocked on the door.
Someone must have left the door open.
I heard someone knocking.
When someone becomes neurotic about pens and paper clips, it's a sure sign they're cracking up.
I heard someone call my name.
Someone was coming!
Who invented karaoke bars?
Who invented karaoke?
If anyone should phone, say I will be back at one o'clock.
Someone has brought us some grapes.
I locked the door, in case someone tried to get in.
Someone said something, but I could not understand it.
There's somebody coming up the stairs.
It was apparent that someone had taken the money by mistake.
You must keep the plan secret until someone notices it.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Someone is at the front door. Go and see who it is.
Did you hear someone ring the doorbell?
Somebody knocked at the door.
Someone is knocking loudly at the door.
I heard someone call my name from behind.
I heard someone whistle.
Somebody left his umbrella behind.
Somebody touched me.
Someone broke into my house and ran away with all of my money.
Someone has stolen all my money.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
Two of my books have been taken.
Someone was calling my name.
I heard someone calling my name.
Someone caught me by the arm.
I wasn't conscious of anyone watching me.
Somebody pushed me in.
You might at least have said, "Thank you", when someone helped you.
Someone beat me to the draw!
Someone is shouting for help.
I heard someone call my name in the crowd.
Someone left the water running.
Someone must have left the water running.
I heard somebody cry out.
Someone is calling for help.
Did you see anyone run away?
Someone is standing at the door.
Somebody is standing in front of his room.
Someone robbed Mary of her money.
Someone leaked the secret to the enemy.
Someone is standing behind the wall.
I heard someone tell my mother the news.
Somebody has left his hat.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
Someone is standing at the gate.
Hearing about people kidnapping little children just makes my blood boil.
It is not polite to interrupt someone while he is talking.
I need somebody.
Whoever comes, tell him I'm out.
Whoever comes, I won't let him in.
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
Who leads the chorus?
Who buried the gold bars here?
Who made this cake?
Who made this pie?
Who is in charge of this building?
Who broke this pen?
Do you know who painted this picture?
I don't know who painted this picture.
Who painted this picture?
Whoever may object to this plan, I will carry it out.
I don't know who named this dog Pochi.
Who ruled this country?
Who can do this work?
Who is going to try this case?
Does somebody here own this watch?
It is not clear who wrote this letter.
Who wrote this letter?
Do you know who wrote this novel?
Who will take care of the baby?
Who broke this window?
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?
Who can deal with this difficult situation?
Who made this box?
Who painted this beautiful picture?
Who is in this room?
Who do you think is familiar with this matter?
There is no telling who did this.
Who is going to put this into English?
I wonder if someone could help me do this.
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
Who did it?
Did anyone hear John leave the house?
I wonder who.
Please send someone to my room.
I forget who said it.
Whoever may say so, it is not true.
Anyone who comes can be admitted.
Whoever may say so, I won't believe.
Whoever said so, it is false.
Whoever says so, I don't believe him.
Who thinks so?
Who doesn't think so?
Do you know who goes there?
Who do you think goes there?
Who will go there is not yet decided.
Who do you think will win the tournament?
Do you know who invented the machine?
Who will look after the baby?
Somebody catch that man!
Who bought a book at the shop?
Do you know who took the call?
Who planted the tree?
Who can best handle the problem?
I wonder who invented it.
Who'd know that?
Who doesn't know it?
Who put you up to it?
Whoever says so, it is not true.
Who likes Tony?
Who should I meet but Tom?
I felt like talking to someone.
She will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says.
I would have somebody sweep this room clean.
Somebody swiped my bag.
We came in through the back door lest someone should see us.
I must have someone repair my word processor.
Don't people tell you you look like Audrey Hepburn?
I heard my name called by someone.
Somebody's elbow touched my back.
Somebody missed the dog.
Can anyone fix a flat tire?
Who is playing the piano?
Who hit the home run?
I want somebody else.
Go and see who it is.
No matter who may call, you must not open the door.
Did anyone call me up?
Who discovered radium?
Whoever calls, take their number.
Who has leadership?
A question arose as to who should be the leader.
Who stole the apple?
He asked me who I thought would win the race.
Are you waiting for anybody?
Are you looking for someone?
It is rude to stare at someone.
Let's pick up a chick.
Instead of sending somebody on your behalf, you had better go and speak in person.
I can't tell who will arrive first.
Who hit the most home runs?
Who do you think will come first?
I wonder who can swim fastest.
Who'll get there the quickest?
Who do you believe is the most capable?
Who's at the wheel?
Who's in charge of the sales section?
Who can speak English?
Who will succeed to the throne?
Is anybody home?
I need someone to help me with housework.
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
Who attended the meeting?
Who runs the show?
Who lives in the room below?
Does anyone feel sick?
Who will be elected chairman?
There was a heated argument as to who should be appointed chairman.
Tell me who discovered air.
Who told you the story?
Who told you the news?
By whom was the news told you?
Who will look after your dog?
Who is going to sit in for you?
Who made you come here?
Someone is watching you.
Who built it?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
There is a knock at the door.
Who likes Sachiko?
Who do you think will be elected president of the USA?
Who first reached the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who will raise the question in the first place?
Do you know who made it?
Who do you think was watching TV in this room last night?
Has anyone asked for me?
Whoever opposes my plan, I will carry it out.
Who threw a stone at my dog?
Can anyone answer my question?
Who found my missing book?
Who will help me?
Can anyone tell me the time?
It's anybody's guess who will win the next race.
Who would be its next victim?
Can someone take our picture?
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
Who wrote a letter?
Let me out, somebody. I'm locked in.
Who's in it?
Is there someone who could help me?
He wanted female companionship.
It makes no matter to me who wins.
Anybody want a lift?
Does anyone oppose the new plan?
Who loves war?
It matters little to me who is elected.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
Who broke that pane of glass?
By whom was the window broken?
Who is responsible for leaving the window open?
Someone must've left the window open.
Who do you think broke the window?
Who broke the window? Tell the truth.
Who else can answer my question?
Can anybody else answer?
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
Who will act as spokesman?
Everybody had changed so much that I could hardly tell one from another.
Some boy is running away.
Who knows that?
Who knows?
Whoever calls, tell him I'm out.
Can someone answer the telephone?
Whoever pitches, that team always loses.
Who will bell the cat?
The question is who is going to tell him.
Who could take the place of him?
Is anybody in on the secret of his success?
Who will take the place of his mother?
Who taught them table manners?
Who will take charge of their class?
Does anybody know him?
Who taught her how to speak English?
Who helps her?
Someone! Catch that man!
Who painted it?
I wish someone would help me with English composition.
Who has found a lost dog?
I wonder who has come.
Whoever comes, say I am away from home.
Everyone believes in their own potential.
Everybody likes polite people.
Please go and see who it is.
No one can master English if he doesn't make an effort.
Everybody wants to rid himself of troubles.
Everybody wants to live in comfort.
Nobody wants his sense of worth to be damaged.
We will elect whoever we believe is worthy.
Who calls me "good for nothing"?
Everybody knows that two and two make four.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
Anybody will do.
Everybody had a good time.
Any person whatever can tell the way to the temple.
Anybody can solve that problem.
Anybody can read it.
Give it to whoever wants it.
Everybody makes mistakes once in a while.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Anyone can make mistakes.
Anyone can do it if they try.
Whoever gets home first starts cooking the supper.
The time will soon come when anyone can travel in space.
Anyone can cultivate their interest in music.
Everybody has some faults.
Every man can't be an artist.
Everybody wants to live a happy life.
Everybody desires happiness.
Everybody demanded happiness.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion.
Everyone thinks his sack the heaviest.
Everybody loves his country.
Anyone can write his own name.
Everyone can't afford a car.
Everyone brings out the choice wine first and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much.
Invite whoever you like.
Nobody likes to have his true motive doubted.
Everybody had a hard time.
Everyone is more or less conceited.
Everyone has his own treasure.
As everyone knows, he is a genius.
The word that is known to anyone is a greeting.
Anyone can make a speech here on Sundays.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
He who praises everybody, praises nobody.
Everybody knows his name.
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
Everybody has wet dreams.
No one should desert his friends.
I'll give this apple to whoever wants it.
You may invite to the festival whoever wants to come.
Whoever comes is welcome.
Every man cannot be a good pianist.
I don't feel like talking with anyone.
Who will you go with?
I don't know who to consult with.
Who is to blame for the accident?
Anyone can do it.
Everyone has faults.
Everyone has domestic troubles from time to time.
Everyone has both strong and weak points.
Everyone has their own strong and weak points.
It is very difficult for anybody to be objective about his own character.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, much more his life.
Don't let anybody see you.
Nobody having anything more to say, the meeting was closed.
Everyone loves his country.
I could not get anybody to go with me, and so I went by myself.
Every dogs has his own day.
I didn't meet anyone.
This is strictly between us.
Give this ticket to whoever comes first.
Every person has a right to defend themselves.
Everyone has his intellectual desire.
Everyone has his intellectual desire; mine is to escape life as I know it.
Don't give the secret away to anyone.
No one can tell.
He walked on tiptoe so that nobody would hear him.
I try not to bother anyone.
It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good.
Who was radium discovered by?
It makes no difference who I meet.
Who are they for?
Whom should I inform?
Who shall I choose?
I don't know who to turn to.
Who were you talking to?
Who are you referring to?
It's nobody's fault but yours. I'm determined to make you take the responsibility.
Whose bicycle did you want to borrow?
Nobody can dispense with somebody's service.
It is important to avoid having anyone absent from his assignment.
A vein of poetry exists in the hearts of all men.
No one to blame but yourself.
Tell me whose advice to follow.
By all accounts, he is not a man to be trusted.
No one's frightened of playing it.
Not anybody likes this book.
Everyone remembers the happy days of youth as his halcyon days.
No one can keep me from going there.
No one knows what will happen in the 1990's.
Nobody can live by himself.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
It's pity that nobody came to meet you at the station.
No one will speak for you.
It is because of his selfishness that no one wants to associate with him.
Nobody speaks well of that politician.
Anybody is better than nobody.
Nobody can stop me!
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her.
Everyone always speaks well of Tom.
Everyone says the view from here is beautiful.
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone will accept that idea in principle.
Everybody expected that the experiment would result in failure.
It was natural that everyone should like the girl.
Everyone recognizes the boy as a real genius.
Everyone knows the law.
Easy money is on Mulligan.
Everyone's saying it.
It is not given to everybody to study abroad.
To my amusement, everyone believed my story.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everybody shouted for joy.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone loves to hear praise, but over-praise has the opposite effect of sounding insincere.
Nobody can escape death.
Everyone said that I was wrong.
Everybody says I look like my father.
Everyone mistakes me for my brother.
Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
Everybody knows that he likes her and vice versa.
Everyone admitted that the earth is a sphere.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
Not everyone is properly rewarded for his efforts.
Everyone strives for efficiency but few seem to attain it.
Everyone opposed it, but Sally and Bob got married all the same.
Everyone recognized his skill.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everybody admired his courage.
Everyone recognized him as a brilliant pianist.
Everybody knows that he is the last man to break his promise.
Everybody regards him as honest.
Everybody looked up to him.
Everybody had looked on him as a good-for-nothing.
Everyone speaks well of him.
Everybody speaks well of her.
Everyone estimates her work highly.
We could all see it coming, couldn't we?
Everybody plays the game of love.
It is desirable that nobody should be hurt.
No one can operate this machine.
I didn't think anyone could fix this watch.
Don't let anyone enter or approach this room.
Nobody can solve this problem.
Nobody has solved the problem.
Nobody ever comes to see us in this out-of-the-way village.
No one thinks so.
No one can go in there.
No one called my attention to it.
No one could solve the puzzle.
No one was in a hurry to leave the party.
No one was present at the meeting.
Nobody noticed that the picture was hung upside down.
Nobody knows about the plan.
Nobody failed in the tactics.
None have finished the work.
Nobody is to blame for the accident.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
No one knows the fact.
No one knew how to answer the question.
No one caught on to the joke.
No one can move the big box.
No one could find the answer.
No one could solve the problem.
Nobody envied the old man, who was a millionaire.
No one knows how it came to pass.
Nobody can understand it.
Nobody had anything more to say.
Nobody having any more to say, the meeting was closed.
No one can say that.
Heaven knows why.
Nobody came to the party.
Every man has his weak points.
Now they're frightened of leaving it.
No one will bother to do such a thing.
No one excels him in English.
He resented everyone's being very quiet.
Nobody will regard us as office workers.
Nobody was able to suggest a solution.
No one is to leave without permission.
Nobody taught me.
Nobody can ever help me.
Nobody answered the door.
None can get away from death.
Nobody perceived me entering the room.
Nobody answered my question.
Nobody listened to me.
Nobody bore me out.
No one helped me.
Nobody came to my rescue.
Nobody came to help me.
It goes without saying that nobody can come between us.
No one can be a poet.
Nobody could remember the sequence of events.
Nobody could believe what he saw.
No one should force his views on others.
Nobody having any question, he ended the lecture.
No one replied to the question.
No one really knows what a UFO is like.
No one was present.
No one is coming.
Nobody can exist without food.
Everyone is afraid of doing new things.
Everyone was friendly to the new girl.
No person can decide when someone should die.
None of them is alive.
No one loves war.
Everybody tends to be lazy.
It's not something anyone would be ashamed of.
No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven – the Son of man.
Nobody answered the telephone.
Nobody doubts his fitness for the position.
Nobody bowed to him.
Nobody can surpass him.
No one gave him a good chance.
No one took notice of him.
Nobody can break his record.
It seems that nobody takes any notice of his opinions.
Nobody seems to have paid attention to what he said.
No one could account for his poor examination results.
No one knows his name.
No one believed his story.
No one will trust his story.
Nobody could refuse their invitation.
Nobody came to help him.
Do you wonder why no one trusts him?
Nobody noticed her absence.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
Nobody was allowed to go out of the room.
Nobody can put anything over on the bureau chief.
Nobody cares for me.
No one will vote for the budget.
No one has failed.
Who are you laughing at?
I had an argument with my sister about whom to invite.
The argument lasted a long time because nobody would admit to being in the wrong.
Not a soul was to be seen in the town.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
Not a single person arrived late.
No one respected men like him.
Nobody would listen to me.
If you buddy up to everybody and anybody, pretty soon people will think you're just a people-pleaser.
I might flunk the course.
Did you finish your class registration?
Can you please send ten $flashlights immediately?
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
Climbing the cliff alone is a bold deed.
It took courage to sail across the Pacific single-handed.
Who is the person in charge?
I'll transfer you to the right person.
Homeroom teachers should make every effort to keep in touch with their students.
My homeroom teacher is the same age as my mother.
Mr. Tanaka, our homeroom teacher, got married.
I found a rare book I had been looking for.
Did you find what you were looking for?
Could you help me to find it?
Seek, and you will find.
The explorer bartered with the natives for food.
The expedition has postponed its departure to the Antarctic.
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
The expedition's supplies soon gave out.
The expedition passed through the great jungle.
The detective took six months to get at the truth of that affair.
Detective stories are amusing.
Her husband also wanted custody of the children.
Hold onto your husband.
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji.
The differing volumes of carbon emissions are plotted in the graph below.
Be sure to drop me a line.
I must have it shortened.
You can not master English in a short time.
The short term contract employees were dismissed without notice.
Apart from her temper, she's all right.
Haste is waste.
Armed only with a short sword, he drove off all five of his attackers.
It was not easy to get a lot of money in a short time.
In short, I don't want you to work for that company.
To put it briefly, he lacks musical ability.
To make a long story short, he was fired.
For gall bladder surgery, go down this hall and take a right.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
Birth is, in a manner, the beginning of death.
There were more people present at the birthday party than was expected.
Have a birthday drink! It's on the house.
Many happy returns of the day!
I look forward to my birthday.
The birthday is the day on which a person was born.
You shall have a new watch for your birthday.
You'll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
You shall have a new bicycle for your birthday.
It's very kind of you to invite me to your birthday party.
I will give you this bicycle as a birthday present.
It is kind of you to give me a birthday present.
How was your birthday?
How did you celebrate your birthday?
Please don't say your birthday is over.
United, we are equal to most anything.
Strength in unity.
Organized sports are often an important part of school life, and competitive sports are popular, too.
It's more interesting to travel alone than to go on a group tour.
A bullet pierced the helmet.
The bullet found its mark.
The bullet just shaved his cheek.
The oppressed people cried out for their liberty.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
The bullet entered above the knee.
The bullet got the policeman in the leg.
The bullet penetrated the partition.
The bullet glanced off the target.
The bullet penetrated his chest.
The bullet penetrated his muscular chest.
The bullet went right through his head.
The bullet penetrated him.
I will never change my mind.
If we decline, what are the alternatives?
An old castle stands on top of the cliff.
The water has been cut off.
The water supply has failed.
It has been off and on for a few months.
The disadvantage of excellent insulation is that it quickly leads to overheating.
The last agony was over.
I was pleased no end by the cordial welcome.
Greet him with a warm smile.
Warm human relations were fostered.
During warm weather, sweating helps man regulate his body temperature.
I don't like warm winters.
After a succession of warm days, the weather became cold.
It was a warm day.
On warm days, bears stretch out or lie on their backs with their feet in the air.
Wear warm clothes.
We can buy hot lunches.
He took the coat off because it was warm.
You should keep yourself warm.
Dress yourself warmly before you go out.
A warm, sunny day is ideal for a picnic.
Warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes.
As it got warmer, I took off the sweater.
I think it's getting warmer.
Ice turns to water when it gets warm.
Run the engine till it gets warm.
The heater is broken.
Did you turn off the heater?
A warm current runs off the coast of Shikoku.
The fireplace was burning brightly.
The fireplace lends coziness to this room.
Clean the ashes out of the fireplace.
The clock is above the fireplace.
Shift the sofa so that it faces the fireplace.
Do you have a table in front of the fireplace?
It's getting darker little by little.
I saw a man standing naked under the waterfall.
I saw a man enter the room.
To my horror, the man took a gun out of his pocket.
A man came up and spoke to me.
A man shouted something, waving his hand.
A man can no more become a woman than a monkey can develop into a man.
A man on horseback came along the path.
The men loaded the baggage into the truck.
The men went hunting for lions.
Boys will be boys.
If you are a man, behave as such.
It is advisable for a man or woman to acquire an accomplishment.
I feel strongly that men and women are equal.
You must not compare a man with a woman.
It is up to us to be men.
Never love unless you can bear with all the faults of man.
Boys are fond of mischief.
A boy was giving out newspapers in the rain.
I saw a boy swimming across the river.
A boy is taking his sweet time pushing the cart toward the curb.
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics.
A baby boy was born to them.
Some boys made away with all the ripe fruits on my persimmon tree.
The boys were quiet.
Whether it's a son or a daughter, a child is someone you have to take care of until they get married. That's what I think.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Few boys are dainty about their food.
There is a great difference between boys and girls.
Boys can be trained to behave.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
They are very popular among boys.
Some boys don't like to bathe regularly.
Boys often imitate their sports heroes.
The boy gazed at the player dreamily.
Boys will run risks.
The boy's fingers moved in this pockets. Then he replied, "Eleven."
All boys like to play baseball.
I remembered that boys will be boys.
The boy stuffed cake into his mouth.
The little boy counts it out on his fingers and said, "Seven."
The boy begged for a new bicycle.
And the boy grew older.
The boy pressed his face against the shop window.
So the little boy put his hands in his pockets.
Each of the boys was eager to join in the race.
All the boys fell in love with Julia.
Boys always want to play football after school.
The boy kept quiet.
I saw the man knocked down and the driver driving away.
If you want a man to propose marriage, feed him well.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is as old as he feels.
The man robbed her of her handbag.
The guy was too selfish to resist temptation.
The man was hiding in a dense forest.
You can't expect a man to change his habits at once, girl.
Men judged those women to be odd or dangerous.
The man confessed that he had robbed the old woman.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
He stopped by Tom's chair.
The man looked at Tom, then vanished through the stage door out into the dark London street.
The man came to a dead stop.
The man lit a cigarette with a lighter.
The guy jumped his bill at the restaurant.
The man walked around the corner.
The man is wearing a pair of glasses.
The man got up and smoked.
The man aimed a gun at the detectives.
A man is never so on trial as in the moment of excessive good fortune.
He ran for his life at the sight of the border guard.
The man got mad when his wife called him names.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
The man terrified the little children.
The man pleaded for mercy, but he was sentenced to twenty years in prison for his crime.
Man will not cry in public.
The man threw a bag across his shoulder.
The man was found dead in his bedroom in the morning.
Man is judged by his courage, woman by her charm.
The man suddenly struck me on the head.
The man seized him by the neck.
All the man could do was obey them.
The man cheated her out of her money.
The man peeped through a hole in the wall.
The man began to take off his hat, glasses and mask.
The man awed the girl with his magic tricks.
A man stood behind the gate gazing at the house.
The man fought bravely but finally gave in.
The patient implored, "Please ... Break my arms!"
Men and women went into battle.
You must act like a man.
You must behave yourself like a man.
Boys tend to look down on their sisters.
Both boys and girls should take cooking class in school.
The schoolboys teased each other endlessly.
Each boy student has a school badge on his cap.
The schoolboys marched four abreast.
Schoolboys usually look up to great athletes.
Each boy has received his diploma.
Both men and women won the tennis championship.
Why are there differences between the male and the female?
Men and women must respect each other.
No inequality should be allowed to exist between men and women.
Jealousy in a relationship is often brought about by a lack of trust.
Man is as fickle as autumn weather.
A man is picking out a tune on the guitar.
It is true of American society that the male is the head of the household.
It is wrong for a man to conceal things from his wife.
It is ridiculous as well as foolish to think man superior to woman, or woman to man.
It is wrong to think that men are superior to women.
The men are having a barbecue.
The men have mustaches.
The men are smiling on cue.
The men are wearing short sleeves.
Some men are slow at figures.
The greatest cause of stress for men is work, while for women, human relationships come at the top of the list.
It is safer to say that some men and some women are good at figures.
Jackets are requested for men.
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.
Men are said to be quick at figures.
Gentlemen remove their hats in the presence of a lady.
Men like to look masculine.
Every man should learn how to cook.
Men, too, have discovered that there are various roles they can play.
Ladies before gentlemen.
Men's clothing is loose fitting.
The men were at a loss.
Men's things are on sale upstairs.
The price will not come down.
Could you give me a discount?
Please let us know your conditions for making the concession.
Could you take off the price tag for me?
I was agreeably surprised by the low prices.
It's too expensive.
If the price is reasonable, I want to buy the car.
The price includes the consumption tax.
The price did not enter into our consideration.
Expensive things often prove more economical in the long run.
I will take the one that is more expensive.
The price is up to you.
The price was absurdly high.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit you.
Apart from the cost, the color of the tie doesn't suit me.
The price was only three thousand yen, or about thirty dollars.
The price is none too high.
Cost is a definite factor in making our decision.
The price depends on the size.
Apart from the cost, the dress doesn't suit me.
We fixed the price at $15.
Can you guess the price?
Did you ask the price?
If I knew it, I would tell you.
If he had known, he might have come earlier.
To know is one thing, to practice another.
To know is one thing, and quite another to do.
To know is one thing, to teach is another.
Knowing is one thing, teaching quite another.
To know is one thing, and to do is another.
Well you can imitate everyone you know.
If only I knew!
Had I known it, I would have told you.
If he knows the truth, he will tell us.
If only I knew, I would tell you all that I knew.
It is impossible, you know, to make him agree.
It is one thing to know and another to teach.
The news was very surprising to her.
They were excited at the news.
His face fell when he heard the news.
Before I knew it, the plane had landed.
The years go by before I know, so I don't wanna miss this chance.
Ignorance is bliss.
Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise.
No, I don't. You had better look it up in a telephone directory.
You must beware of strange dogs.
See to it that no strangers come into this room.
You shouldn't accept candy from strangers.
A stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital.
A stranger seized me by the arm.
Tom trained his dog to bark at strangers.
I'm reluctant to let myself be known in strange company.
If you come across an unfamiliar word, look it up in your dictionary.
Look up words you don't know in your dictionary.
I have these little habits that show themselves when I least expect it, so I have to watch myself.
Didn't you know that?
Don't pretend you don't know.
Night had completely fallen before we knew.
Who doesn't know?
I'll call a repairman I know who'll be at your house to fix the washing machine promptly.
Perception is based, to a very large extent, on conceptual models - which are always inadequate, often incomplete and sometimes profoundly wrong.
Wisdom does not consist only in knowing facts.
Wisdom cannot come without experience.
Wisdom is better than riches.
I racked my brains to write this.
I hear the governor's been getting money under the table from tobacco companies.
The governor is capable of handling his current difficulties.
The governor's speech was published in the magazine.
The governor's speech was aimed at the press.
The governor compromised on the subject to a certain degree.
The governor was surprised by the commission's response.
The governor cut the tape and opened the new bridge.
The governor dedicated the memorial to the soldiers who died in the war.
The governor decided to provide assistance for the victims.
Knowledge is not an end in itself.
Knowledge in itself is not an end, but a means to an end: to live a full and humane life.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse.
I am no match for her in knowledge.
Knowledge has been passed down to subsequent generation.
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Knowledge is power without doubt.
Knowledge is scarce; wisdom is scarcer.
Knowledge is power, but it is power for evil just as much as for good.
Knowledge is power.
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
Don't hesitate to ask for information.
He that increases knowledge increases sorrows.
I must read many books to add to my knowledge.
It is only through knowledge that we, as a nation, can cope with the dangers that threaten our society.
It is one thing to acquire knowledge; it is quite another to apply it.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
The possession of intellect is what distinguishes us from wild animals.
I enjoy intellectual conversations.
There is no such thing as the right speed for intelligent reading.
It is important to have intellectual curiosity.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
This is the chief aim of university education: to train the mind.
Noted literary personalities gathered together last evening.
No one equals him in intelligence.
His position enabled him to do so.
The position is conditional on how well you are able to perform.
The community scheme has run up against local opposition.
The claim of community involvement is just window dressing; City Hall will do what it wants to anyhow.
We need to make a survey of local opinion.
There is a shopping district underground.
The cellar is ugly, dark, and stinky.
The basement has been made over into a workshop.
In the underground, to double-cross any member means sure death.
Tom slept peacefully as the underground train rattled on its way.
I struggled to get out of the subway.
I want to get there by subway.
Let's take the subway.
Do you have a subway map?
Could you tell me the way to the subway station?
Can you give me directions to the subway station?
Do you have a guide map of the city?
I can't stand dirty old men in the subway.
Can you tell me where the subway entrance is?
Please could I have a subway map.
The subway is faster than the streetcar.
The subway line is going to be extended out this way.
Could you tell me where I can get a subway?
Subways run under the ground.
Could you tell me how to get to the subway station?
Subway fares will be raised by nearly ten percent as of April 1, 2001.
I'll come in for a nice profit if land values continue to rise.
Land prices still show no sign of evening out.
No one knows when the Earth came into being.
There is no telling exactly when the earth was born.
People once mocked the idea that the earth is round.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
That the earth is round is clear now.
It is true that the earth is round.
No one can deny the fact that the earth is round.
It's common knowledge that the earth turns on its axis.
He declared that the earth goes round the sun.
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
The resources of the earth are limited.
What would happen supposing the earth stopped spinning?
The earth's ecosystem is to some extent self-correcting, so it is also possible that the effects are being masked by other changes.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is water.
One fifth of the earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
Two-thirds of the earth's surface is covered with water.
The earth moves at the rate of 68,miles an hour.
The earth moves around the sun in days.
The earth came into existence about five thousand million years ago.
The earth is the shape of an orange.
The earth goes around the sun once a year.
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space.
The earth is made up of sea and land.
The earth is not a perfect globe.
The earth is round.
The earth is shaped like a sphere.
The earth is a ball.
The earth is about six times as large as the moon.
The earth is far bigger than the moon.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
The earth is a planet, not a fixed star.
The earth revolves on its axis.
The earth rotates.
The Earth is a small but beautiful planet.
The earth, seen from above, looks like an orange.
The earth is different from the other planets in that it has water.
The earth is small in comparison with the sun.
The earth moves around the sun.
The earth goes around the sun.
The earth travels in an orbit around the sun.
The earth is one of the sun's planets.
The Earth rotates on its axis.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
The earth is a beautiful planet.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about days.
The earth is one of the planets.
The Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
How many satellites have been put into orbit round the earth?
Nine planets including the earth are moving around the sun.
To save the earth, all of us must do something.
Is there life on other worlds?
Because of global warming, it's starting to melt in some parts of Alaska.
Global warming will change the patterns of the weather world-wide.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
Global warming can cause serious problems for wild animals, too.
The largest animal on Earth is the gigantic blue whale.
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
There are many cultures on Earth.
All things on the Earth are made of atoms.
As a citizen of the world, I know ways of overcoming cultural barriers.
Global climatic changes may have been responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
Do you have any beers from local microbreweries?
The local news will be broadcast next.
What's the best local beer that you recommend?
The local police are very strict about traffic violations.
The tourists as well as local people come to the square for shopping.
We must compete with the local stores in price.
The home team won.
There was a flare-up between local residents and state regulators.
Money is everything.
The descent to hell is easy.
The geologists explored for oil on our farm.
Hours lost on the ground cancel out the advantage of speed in the air.
All the people on earth are brothers.
All living things on earth depend one another.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
The view of Mars through earthly telescopes suggested that all was serene.
The news that there was an earthquake turned out to be true.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
The earthquake shook the area.
The earthquake brought about the fire.
What will happen to us if an earthquake occurs?
There was an earthquake and, in addition, there was a tsunami.
The earthquake shook the ground.
The earthquake suddenly shook the buildings.
The earthquake came upon the islands.
When an earthquake occurs, what will you do first?
In an earthquake, the ground can shake up and down, or back and forth.
The earthquake caused the house to rattle.
Everything on top of the table started rattling when the earthquake hit.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
The train service was suspended by the earthquake.
After the earthquake, people stared into the deep hole in the ground in surprise.
A big fire broke out after the earthquake.
Several slight shocks followed the earthquake.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.
Our train stopped for five hours owing to the earthquake.
The water mains burst due to the earthquake.
In case of an earthquake, turn off the gas.
There is no danger of an earthquake.
There is hardly any danger of an earthquake.
This road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
The road was partly destroyed in consequence of the earthquake.
Many people were left homeless as a result of the earthquake.
I felt the terror of my neighbors after the earthquake.
Holes gaped open in the streets after the earthquake.
The fear we felt at the earthquake was beyond description.
Leave this building at once in case of an earthquake.
There is little danger of an earthquake.
The day will soon come when we will be able to predict earthquakes.
An earthquake can take place at any time.
We often hear it said that an earthquake may occur at any moment.
The earthquake was the greatest disaster the country had ever experienced.
No major damage or injuries are known to have resulted from the quake measuring 3.on the Richter scale.
Earthquakes can occur at any hour.
The earthquake occurred at dawn.
Nothing is so terrible as an earthquake.
Earthquakes and floods are natural disasters.
If only I had a map, I could show you the way.
I'll look up the location of the town on my map.
Will you show me on this map, please?
I located the town on a map.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
Red circles on the map mark schools.
A map helps us to know where we are.
A map helps us study geography.
The map helped me to orient myself.
Shall I draw a map for you?
Let's spread the map on the table and talk it over.
Could you draw a map for me?
Fold up the map.
Would you draw me a map?
What do these dots represent on the map?
The blue lines on the map correspond to rivers.
Blue lines on the map designate rivers.
The red lines on the map represent railways.
Slow but steady wins the race.
About three fourths of the earth's surface consists of water.
Love appears over the horizon.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
I saw the moon above the horizon.
The sun on the horizon is wonderful.
We have adequate inventories of the product to meet local demand.
Local party members are trying to gerrymander the district.
The district attorney indicted him for theft and murder.
I don't think it's always right for local governments to submit to the central government.
Local officials are twisting arms to push new development projects.
It has been long since they said the time of local government had come.
The ground seems wet.
The water is welling up from the ground.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
The sun baked the ground dry.
Do we have to lie flat on the ground?
The ground is still wet.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
The ground was blanketed with fallen leaves.
The earth lay beneath a blanket of snow.
The ground was completely covered with snow.
The ground is wet after rain.
The ground is covered with snow.
I am weak in geography.
In studying geography, you must make constant use of maps.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
How embarrassing!
Do not be shy. Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
I am ashamed to see her.
Are not you ashamed of yourself?
His cheeks were burning with shame.
Her cheeks began to glow with shame.
Don't bring on any more shame.
Shame cultures are concerned with reputation.
Death is preferable to shame.
I would rather die than disgrace myself.
He would rather die than disgrace himself.
Shame on you!
For shame!
I would die before I live on in shame.
A shameless liar speaks smilingly.
The comic book that Tomoko lent me was not at all interesting.
Tomoko bounced happily out the door.
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party.
The pond has dried up.
The pond has frozen over.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
Look at those fish in the pond.
There are a lot of fish in the pond.
There is a bridge over the pond.
A big red fish is swimming about in the pond.
The pond was dotted with fallen leaves.
There is a man by the side of the pond.
The fish jumped up in the pond.
There are a lot of trees around the pond.
There used to be big trees around the pond.
The pond was encircled with trees.
Skating on the pond is dangerous.
What is the distance across the pond?
The pond froze over.
The pond was frozen hard.
You transfer at Ikebukuro Station.
Ikeda is my last name, and Kazuko is my first name.
Mr Ikeda wants to buy a new car.
Mr. and Mrs. Ikeda talked to Ken's teacher.
Put your name on the notebook in case you forget it.
Put the box wherever you can find room for it, please.
Fatal errors arise from carelessness.
A spider weaves a web.
Spiders prey on flies and other small insects.
Sooner or later, you will be in trouble.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV as ours is a very old model.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be set free.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
Sooner or later, he will master French.
We shall die sooner or later.
Sooner or later everybody becomes adjusted to life.
We all die sooner or later.
He will eventually ruin himself.
Sooner or later, she'll get over the shock.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
Slow but sure wins the race.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Please be here by eight at the latest.
Please estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
See to it that you estimate the losses by Friday at the latest.
I'll be home by midnight at the latest.
Please check in at least an hour before leaving.
Be sure to check in at least minutes prior to departure time.
It was late, so I went home.
If I'm late, I'll catch it.
I think I must be leaving since it is getting late.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
Oh, I'm late. I should be going now.
I'm sorry I am late, but there's been a lot of work to do.
Let's beat it before it gets too late.
If I'm late, I'll call.
You had better not stay up late.
Is loud music OK with the neighbors at this hour?
Don't sit up till late.
I'm accustomed to sitting up late.
Getting up late, I missed the bus.
Do not shorten the morning by getting up late.
The number of people who prefer to marry late is gradually rising.
Please pardon me for coming late.
You shouldn't blame him for being late.
I must apologize for the delay.
We ask you to account for your delay.
It matters little if we are late.
As I was late, I took a bus.
The bad weather is responsible for the delay.
Devil take the hindmost.
Pardon me for coming late.
You must apologize to her for coming late.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Please excuse my being late.
Many apologies for being so late!
Pardon my being late.
Forgive me for being late.
We mustn't be late.
It was typical of him to arrive late.
Sorry to be late.
It looks like I'm going to arrive late.
Students arriving late will not be permitted to enter the hall.
Latecomers weren't admitted to the show.
I'm sorry for being late.
Walk faster so as not to fall behind.
I told her not to be late.
I left early so as not to be late.
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.
We must not be late.
Don't be late.
I fear that we are late.
I'm afraid we can't make up for lost ground.
I wish I could make up for lost time.
I'll be late for school!
I didn't feel like scolding her for being late.
Please forgive me for being late.
You are late.
You are late. The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
You're a good actor, pretending you were late because you don't feel well.
Few girls were late for school.
Excuse me for being late.
Please excuse me for coming late.
I was scolded by the teacher for being late.
I assure you that I won't be late.
I firmly believe it is characteristic of him to be late.
It is unlike him to be late.
I was afraid I might be late.
I'm afraid that I might be late.
It's characteristic of him to be late.
The number of students who come late to class has lately been increasing.
Can you explain why you were late?
Shit! I've got a flat.
The bamboo is bending with the weight of the snow.
Bamboo bends before the wind.
The gramophone was born of Edison's brain.
I have sinus trouble.
Tea is widely grown in India.
I'd prefer a brown one.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
What do you have in brown suede jackets, size 40?
I'm looking for a hat to match a brown dress.
A bowl of rice is about grams.
A soft answer is a specific cure of anger.
We had hardly arrived when Lucy started crying to go home.
Write to me as soon as you get there.
I will wire you when I get there.
When we arrived, the crowd had faded away.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as I arrive.
Why not try it on?
I escaped from the fire with nothing but the clothes on my back.
Regarding clothing, he is hard to please.
We use cloth to make clothes.
I don't have a thing to wear.
No woman is indifferent to her clothing.
Slow and steadily wins the race.
How does it fit you?
I'm going to change and I'll be back.
I went home to change my clothes.
I only wear a kimono about once a year.
Do you wear a kimono?
Her figure will be shown off to advantage in a kimono.
I like apples among other things.
Some continue to work part time, while others do volunteer work.
Some people don't approve of professional baseball.
Some of them seem to be too difficult.
Some people have even visited the moon.
Some women look more masculine than feminine.
Some of them are too much to bear.
Please open your bag so that I can see what you have in it.
Why not come in and wait here?
My ears are going to freeze if I don't go in.
Let me in.
Move into the bus, please!
Central Bank is a bank that deals mainly with other banks and the government and assumes broad responsibilities in the interests of the national economy apart from the earning of profits.
I think it's by the Chuo Line.
Passengers going to the Chuo Line, please change trains at the next stop.
Chinese food is no less delicious than French.
In junior high and high schools, they say insidious forms of bullying are on the rise.
The mid-term exams are just around the corner.
Let's break off, shall we?
Let's take a break, shall we?
The price is kind of high for a used car.
The majority of the middle-aged people felt anxiety for their future.
In China, they celebrate New Year by the lunar calendar.
Beauty in China was associated with wealth.
China and Japan differ in many points.
I had never seen a panda until I went to China.
In the Chinese football game in which the players used their feet and bodies - but never their hands - the goal was a hole in a net made from silk.
Without Chinese influences, Japanese culture would not be what it is today.
I don't have the feeling for Chinese music in my body.
China's desert supports more people than are in Japan.
Chinese food was served in small portions which did not require cutting with a knife or fork.
The population of China is larger than that of India.
The population of China is times that of Japan.
The population of China is about eight times as large as that of Japan.
The population of China is larger than that of Japan.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
China is much larger than Japan.
China is a leading exporter of arms.
Foreign direct investments in China amounted to $billion last year.
The black and white bears living in the mountains of China and Tibet are called pandas.
If you travel in China, it is best to go with a guide.
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian?
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
May I be excused from Chinese?
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.
I wish I'd kept up my Chinese. I need it for my job.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
She gains an advantage over me in speaking Chinese.
Can you tell a Chinese person from Japanese?
Compared with the Chinese, the Japanese are poor linguists.
The Chinese are a friendly people.
The Chinese are a hard-working people.
What do Chinese people have for breakfast?
Tom is anticipating his trip to China.
My husband is an expert when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is.
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.
Towns are very crowded today.
The central location gives easy access to stores and offices.
Let's drop in on the Nakamoris'.
In the Middle Ages, milk was still popular as a medicine.
During the Middle Ages, astronomers had clung to the theory of a Greek philosopher.
In England in the Middle Ages, whole towns played football on certain holidays, sometimes with as many as players at one time.
The medieval church despised the body and exalted the spirit.
The medieval times were an age when a human being wasn't free.
People are taking sides on the abortion issue.
Nakagawa was on the point of going out when I called on him.
Is Mr Nakamura at home?
Mr Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
There is a small pond in the court.
I have a small vegetable garden on my patio.
Do you have a table in the patio?
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
You may as well not do it at all than do it imperfectly.
In addition to English, Mr. Nakajima can speak German fluently.
Supply of oil from the Middle East may be disturbed.
No one knows whether there will be a war in the Middle East.
The current situation in the Middle East is a time bomb of tensions.
Middle Eastern oil prices jumped by five dollars per barrel.
The Middle East is still called a powder keg.
The Middle East supplies a major portion of the oil that Japan consumes.
The Middle East is the cradle of civilization.
Secondary education has two sides.
She was a middle-aged urban professional.
In Central America, forests are replaced by cattle ranches.
A neutral country was asked to help settle the dispute.
Some of the members of the middle class have fallen into poverty.
A quarrel brought about the break.
In the company of good friends, the time flew by.
A good mediator can make a deal go smoothly.
Join us, won't you?
It seems to be my lot to be an odd man out.
My comrades encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
I got sick riding the roller coaster with the loop-the-loop.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
Good advice grates on the ear.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother's advice.
Advice is like salt.
We may give advice, but we do not inspire conduct.
Abstract art is not to the taste of everyone.
Abstract art is something to feel.
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.
The days are growing longer.
It may snow in the afternoon.
How about going out for lunch?
Day alternates with night.
Day and night come alternately.
I have an appointment with him at noon.
Do you offer any day tours?
Night always follows day.
Do you think we'll reach his house before noon?
Let's have lunch!
A lot of cars speed by on this expressway day and night.
I have rather a busy afternoon in front of me.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
No stars are to be seen in the daytime.
Grandmother looks after the children during the day.
The sun gives light by day, and the moon by night.
There are some people who sleep in the daytime and work at night.
Finishing lunch, he played tennis.
What do you want for lunch?
How about going for a walk after lunch?
We have an hour's recess for lunch from twelve to one.
Is it too early to order from the luncheon menu?
The lunch is on the table.
Lunch is at 12:to coincide with the Technical Group.
I don't want lunch.
This will have to do for lunch.
Where are you going to eat lunch?
Lunch will be ready soon.
What shall we have for lunch?
Every person is expected to bring their own lunch.
You do not have to bring your lunch.
Having finished lunch, we went skating.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
He left after he had lunch.
I will go with you after I have eaten my lunch.
You've taken a long time eating lunch.
We scarcely had time for lunch.
Can we make a lunch date?
The phone rang when I was having lunch.
Are you eating lunch?
Let's eat lunch.
We asked ten people to the luncheon.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make it for our luncheon appointment.
How about a cup of coffee after lunch?
Would after lunch be convenient for you?
Let's continue the game after lunch.
After lunch we have two more classes.
After lunch, set out for the next destination.
Do you think you could make it before lunch?
I'll fix a sandwich or something for your lunch.
While napping, I had a strange dream.
If you work day and night, you will lose your health.
The pillar tilted to the right and fell.
The notes are at the bottom of the page.
There are enough accidents without asking for one.
We'll have to go about it with care.
Answer my question carefully.
If you weren't careless, your word processor wouldn't break down.
You can use my car as long as you drive it carefully.
Some books, if read carelessly, will do more harm than good.
Read carefully, this book will do you good.
Unless you listen carefully, you'll be in trouble later.
Listen carefully, or you won't follow me.
If you don't look out, you will get into trouble.
You will hurt yourself if you're not careful.
You've got to be careful or else you'll miss it again.
Be more careful. You often leave out some letter or other.
This is the nth time I've told you to be careful.
Do you have any advice for me?
Watch carefully and you can see how my lips move in pronouncing the word.
I was allowed to go off by myself provided that I promised to be careful.
The more careful you are, the fewer mistakes you make.
Careful driving prevents accidents.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
Careful as he was he made unexpected mistakes.
Driving carefully, you'll be able to avoid accidents.
If you look carefully, you'll find some insects.
Look carefully, or you will miss Jane's mother.
A careful observation will show you the difference.
Please listen carefully.
I tremble with fear at the thought of an injection.
I'll give you a shot.
I received an item that I did not order.
The items which you ordered arrived.
All orders must be accompanied with cash.
We can build speakers to order.
Please cancel my order and send confirmation that this has been done.
Please cancel my order and refund the money.
Indicate size, color, and style on the order form.
We will deliver the products within days after the date of Purchase Order.
The important point to note is that both parties offered similar solutions to this problem.
You're taking a lot for granted.
Even worms are bought for medical research.
Even a worm will turn.
You should try not to scratch your insect bites.
You should try not to scratch insect bites.
The insect ate the peach hollow.
I had a feeling this might happen.
He looks as if he could not even harm a fly.
Since I developed this cavity, my tooth has been really sensitive to heat and cold.
I don't have any cavities.
The decayed tooth came out on its own.
Bad teeth often cause pain.
Treat a decayed tooth.
It wasn't my lucky day. First, I got a parking ticket and then things went from bad to worse when I got pulled over for making a U-turn.
There were white lines around it, and it had a notice saying, "Reserved for Head of College."
Parked cars are in the way.
I was fined six thousand yen for a parking violation.
Pharamp paid a fine for illegal parking.
Parking fines are very costly.
The official informed Bob that his request for a parking permit had been rejected.
No parking.
You must not park your car in a no parking zone.
A car in the parking lot is on fire.
Not a soul was to be seen in the parking lot.
Dozens of cars were parked in the parking lot.
Is there a parking lot?
Do you know who the British Ambassador to Japan is?
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
Each time an author re-writes a book, it is a new edition.
The authors state quite categorically that the female members of only a small number of species also sing.
I will include the author's and publisher's names.
It is illegal to copy from books without the author's permission.
The author's verbiage produced a document of mammoth size and microscopic import.
The present writer doesn't intend to deal with this matter.
The author dedicated the book to his sister.
The author revised his manuscript over and over again.
The author illustrated his book with a lot of pictures.
The author lumps all the different European literatures together.
He derives his income from writing books.
It took years of saving, but their seagoing vacation come true at last.
It was prudent of you to save money.
It is not worthwhile saving money.
Interest accrued from the money left in my savings account.
None of the money was left in the money box.
What about the tall grass you left over by the cellar door?
It's just what I wanted.
A polite manner is characteristic of Japanese people.
Stop talking.
She speaks Spanish well.
Keep accounts.
Post No Bills.
I put up a notice.
The district attorney wasn't content with a two-year sentence.
He was sentenced to three years in jail.
I got five years in prison.
He looked the toughest of all the challengers.
The newspaper should be delivered by o'clock in the morning.
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning.
I am in the habit of taking my dog for a walk in the morning.
Get up fifteen minutes earlier in the morning.
It is my practice to get up at a.m.
I wake up at half past six in the morning.
It has been raining on and off since morning.
It's been raining since morning.
The temperature has fallen since morning.
Snow has been falling steadily since this morning.
He was burning the candle at both ends.
Morning found them on deck.
What would you like for breakfast?
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
What do you usually have for breakfast?
May I take a shower in the morning?
You look happy, so bright and early.
In the morning, we clear the futon.
It must be morning, for the birds are singing.
I am not a morning person.
It's 7:in the morning.
I must call him sometimes during the morning.
The morning rush is at its peak now.
Nothing is as pleasant as a walk in the morning.
The morning sun is so bright that I cannot see it.
The morning forecast predicted thunder showers later in the day.
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
Study in the cool of the morning.
Morning worship begins at eleven o'clock.
The morning service began with a hymn.
What goes on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon, and three legs in the evening?
The morning is just a few hours away.
The air is fresh in the morning.
I like brown toast in the morning.
When do you usually get up?
Stay with me till the dawn.
We often took a walk along the seashore together in the morning.
I feel sick when I get up in the morning.
Breakfast is ready.
Water the flowers before you eat breakfast.
I like coffee and toast for breakfast.
Do you want a boiled egg for breakfast?
Please wake me for breakfast.
I like eggs for breakfast, but my sister prefers oatmeal.
What do you want for breakfast?
What did you have for breakfast?
I don't care to have coffee after breakfast.
Can I order from the breakfast menu?
I went for a walk after breakfast.
Is breakfast ready?
How about taking a walk before breakfast?
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
What does breakfast include?
She's getting breakfast ready.
Are you through with your breakfast?
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.
When and where is breakfast served?
Breakfast is a smorgasbord.
As I didn't have any breakfast, I am very hungry now.
What time will you have breakfast?
Breakfast is served from 7:a.m. to 11:a.m.
Bring two breakfasts, please. Number on the menu, and two teas with milk.
While having breakfast, we made a plan for the day.
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
Have you eaten breakfast yet?
John often has a quick breakfast.
I'd like to have breakfast with you.
Eating a good breakfast is very wise.
Having finished breakfast, I hurried to school.
You had better have breakfast.
I skipped my breakfast.
We shall start after breakfast.
I dashed out just after breakfast.
After breakfast, we went out for a walk.
I always take some exercise before breakfast.
It is characteristic of him to go to work before breakfast.
My routine is to read the newspaper before breakfast.
It was my father's wont to read the newspaper before breakfast.
A walk before breakfast is refreshing.
It was hard to work without breakfast.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
I took to sleeping late in the morning.
I got up too late and was late for school.
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA.
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
Birds sing early in the morning.
Leave home early in the morning, and you will get to your destination before dark.
Don't wanna get up early to work hard.
Get up early in the morning.
It is good for the health to rise early.
I'm accustomed to getting up early.
It is pleasant to get up early in the morning.
Let's start early in the morning, shall we?
If you set out early, you'll be in time for the train.
It is against etiquette to call on a person early in the morning.
The rising sun dispelled the mist.
The castle shone in the rising sun as if it were on fire.
The Asahi Shimbun did not carry that news.
It's getting cooler, particularly in the mornings and evenings.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening. The leaves of trees will soon turn red or yellow.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening.
I hear that studying in the morning is more effective. Studying one hour in the morning is as good as three hours at night.
The tide is on the ebb.
The tide is rising fast.
The tide is coming in.
The tides are influenced by the moon and the sun.
The drift of the current is to the south.
There she blows!
The tide carried the boat out to sea.
It is no more than two miles to the town.
Happening in a city, the accident would have caused a disaster.
I chanced to see her on the street.
The oldest movie theater in town is being pulled down now.
Please look in on me when you're in town.
In the city, the information is flooding.
Tears fall in my heart like the rain on the town.
We lost sight of the tower as we entered the town.
This part of the city is strange to me.
All the houses in town were empty.
Many of the city's leading restaurants close down for the whole of August.
The town hall was full of people.
A plane is flying above the city.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
People in the town came to help him.
The townspeople were astonishingly naive about what the smugglers were.
The townsfolk were frightened by the earthquake.
The townspeople looked curiously at me.
The town water supply was seriously obstructed by heavy rainfalls.
In other areas of the city, fighting continued.
Now the lights of the city were bright and very close, and the streetlights shone all night.
The town has altered a lot in the last two years.
The town has changed a great deal since then.
The town is miles from the place.
All of the town was destroyed by a fire.
The town was humming with activity.
The city, as far as the eye could see, lay in ruins.
The town was zoned for factories and residences.
The city was conquered, and he was driven out.
The city was blanketed with snow.
Towns are larger than villages.
The city was bombed by enemy planes.
The population of the town decreases year by year.
The town slept.
The city was wrapped in fog.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
The whole town accorded a hearty welcome to the visitor.
It is our duty to keep our town clean.
I spent my time strolling about the streets.
I'll show you around the town.
A dreadful accident happened on the corner.
The whole town was very clean.
The entire town was under water.
The whole town was blown out.
Everywhere in town it's getting dark.
The whole town was in a ferment.
The whole town lay sleeping.
The whole town knows about it.
The fact is known to everyone in the town.
To the astonishment of the whole city, the mayor was arrested.
High above the city stands the old castle.
The townspeople like to eat thick steaks.
I'd like a room with a good view.
Be a good listener.
Let me rephrase it.
You must get lecture tickets in advance.
The audience gave the singer a big applause.
A cheer went up from the audience.
The audience was mostly businessmen.
The mass of the audience supported him.
Everyone in the audience burst into simultaneous laughter.
Among the audience, there were teachers, lawyers, engineers, and so on.
Among the audience, there were students, teachers, clerks, and so on.
The audience walked out of the theater, looking bored.
The audience was close to a thousand.
With one accord the audience stood up and applauded.
The audience was diverted with funny stories.
The audience laughed at the comedian's wit.
The audience could hardly wait for the concert to begin.
The audience were excited by the show.
The audience roared with laughter.
The audience was very large.
The audience were mostly young girls.
The audience were mostly adolescents.
The audience were all foreigners.
The whole audience erupted in laughter.
The audience applauded the performer.
The audience kept time to the music.
The listeners stood in an attentive attitude.
The audience consisted mainly of students.
The audience was deeply affected.
The audience showed their impatience with a stamping of feet.
Being bored, the audience began to yawn.
The audience looked bored.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
The audience exploded with laughter.
The audience applauded him, which means his performance was a success.
The audience were fascinated by his speech.
The audience was impressed by his profound lecture.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
The audience was greatly impressed by his speech.
The audience was impressed by his eloquent lecture.
The hearing were made off-limits to the press.
I have trouble with my bowels.
A butterfly is a mature caterpillar.
When I inquired I found that it was the wrong person.
On examination, I found that it was impossible to carry out the plan.
On examination the jewel proved to be an imitation.
It wants looking into.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
The investigation will probably bring a lot of details to light.
Research has shown how polluted the rivers are these days.
A few important facts emerged after the investigation.
What are you going to make a survey of?
The investigating committee is looking into the cause of the accident.
We have to appoint new members of the examining board.
When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
The investigator left no stone unturned in his search for evidence. When he left the place, it was in an utter mess.
The inspector arrived at the school late on Monday morning.
A research organization investigated the effect.
The surveyor could also advise the promoters which route could be most easily—and therefore most cheaply—constructed.
Investigators are running a probe into what caused the crash.
How long do I have to wait to pick up the medicine?
How's it going?
You're hitting your stride.
Don't push your luck.
I was drinking with total abandon and blacked out. I have no idea what I was doing.
Don't get so carried away.
With the development of supersonic jet planes, the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.
Great speed is a feature of the Concorde.
There exist supernatural beings.
The superpowers negotiated in earnest for the settlement of the intense conflict.
The superexpress Nozomi runs faster than the Hikari.
A very elderly couple is having an elegant dinner to celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary.
Have I kept you waiting long?
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting long. A visitor has kept me busy till now.
It was long before I realized her real love.
I have been silent for a long time.
I have long wanted that car.
I haven't had any chocolate cake in a month of Sundays.
We had a long wait for the bus.
I had not waited long before he arrived.
We waited long, but he didn't turn up.
Not having been to Tokyo for a long time, I often got lost.
It was a long time before she understood me.
The long walk tired me.
They lived high on the hog for so long, and now they can't adjust to a simple life without luxuries.
Long skirts are very much in fashion.
His long sickness ran him into debt.
A long day has passed on.
Many trees died during the long drought.
We've had no rain for ages; in fact, not since the beginning of April.
Their capital was Cuzco for many years.
I haven't seen you for a long time. Come and see me once in a while.
You could be here for a long while.
Sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I must apologize to you for not writing for so long.
I found the book I had long been looking for.
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for a long time.
It was long before he knew it.
Not feeling well after a long drive, I slept for a while.
The dog lay panting after his long chase.
I have long wanted to see you.
For ages, man has been fighting against disease.
I managed to acquire the book after a long search.
I'm sorry I have kept you waiting so long.
I tried for a long time before I succeeded.
I have not heard from him for a long time.
For a long time I wanted to meet him.
I waited for her a long time.
You must be starving now after your long walk.
We were tired out after our long walk.
She lay awake for a long time, thinking of her future.
The long discussion came to an end at last.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
Only after a long dispute did they come to a conclusion.
A long discussion boiled down to a realistic conclusion.
The long vacation will give him back his health.
Let's enjoy the long vacation.
I exhausted myself by walking a long distance.
At the outset of the long voyage I was seasick, but I gradually began to get my sea legs.
I'm tired from the long walk.
I feel hungry after a long walk.
A long thread is easily entangled.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time.
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.
We had a long spell of fine weather.
He was famous during his long life and his work was very popular.
The long fight ended in 1920.
The long voyage was a trial for us.
I was kept waiting for an eternity.
It took a long, long time.
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you're leaving me."
There they stayed for a few days.
Many years went by.
That girl whose hair is long is Judy.
I saw a girl with long hair.
That girl who has long hair is Judy.
It stands to reason that he cannot work as hard as he used to after a long illness.
It stands to reason that he can't work hard after a long illness.
Business is finally looking up after a long depression.
If you can't lick 'em, join 'em.
I awoke from a long dream.
I hope you won't expect results immediately.
In the long run, we can save a lot of money by buying this machine.
I distracted myself from the boredom of my long journey by reading mysteries.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
The long war came to an end at last.
Are you going to stay long?
My hands became swollen up while taking a long bath.
Will it be much longer?
Better short and sweet, than long and lax.
I can wait four days at the longest.
The long cruel winter at last came to an end, giving place to a gentle warm spring.
The long game came to an end at last.
The prolonged drought did severe damage to crops.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
The long walk tired me out.
When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "sort of."
My legs ached after the long walk.
I felt hungry after the long walk.
She must be tired after a long walk.
By dint of long practice he became most skillful.
By means of long practice, became skillful.
Will it take long to recover?
Because of the protracted depression, many workers are unemployed.
A long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants.
The governor invested him with full authority.
Working so long on the graveyard shift made his health suffer badly.
After being ill for a long time, Jane turned into a couch potato.
We called him to account for his long absence.
Long practice enabled him to speak fluent English.
While long-term credit banks are authorized by law to issue bonds to raise fund, they are not allowed to take deposits the way ordinary banks are.
Deposits on long-term leases.
The long-range forecast says we will have a mild winter.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
The long walk gave him a good appetite.
He was surprised at the long-distance phone bill.
Mold grew on the boots.
Nagasaki, where I was born, is a beautiful port city.
I will have been to Nagasaki three times if I go there again.
It took a long time, but in the end I was able to convince him.
We tend to slack off after many hours of hard work.
If you walk a lot, you will develop calluses on your heel.
Here's to a long and happy life!
The tall man looked at Tom and smiled.
Don't smoke if you want to live a long life.
It is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for.
But he knew it couldn't last.
The eldest son succeeded to all the property.
My first son was named after my uncle.
After considerable argument, the buyer and the seller finally came to terms.
For many years I thought that it was beauty alone that gave significance to life and that the only purpose that could be assigned to the generations that succeed one another on the face of this crowded earth was to produce an artist now and then.
We had to sell the building because for years we operated it in the red.
Old habits die hard.
After being out in the wind and rain for years and years the walls of this apartment building are weather-beaten and brittle.
My long cherished dream finally came true.
Years of practice has enabled me to keep accounts without difficulty.
In his lengthy career, he had never seen the market so high.
Long cherished dreams don't always come true.
Long hair is out of fashion now.
When I visited my friend in Nagano, I was treated to delicious soba.
Nagano beat Salt Lake City by votes to 42.
Nagano beat Tokyo to 3.
The road to Nagano is closed to traffic.
The long trip aggravated her injury.
The rising sun seen from the top was beautiful.
Look at the mountain whose top is covered with snow.
What is the name of the mountain whose top is covered with snow?
Can you see the snow-topped mountain?
That mountain whose top is covered with snow is the one that we climbed last summer.
When we reached the summit, we all yelled out into the void.
Daisuke climbed to the summit.
The top is covered with snow.
The climb to the summit took six hours.
A bird was caught by a cat.
Birds came flying by twos and threes.
I found the cage empty.
The birds in the cage are canaries.
The birds sang.
The birds are flying around.
A bird soared above.
The birds are singing.
The birds went across the sea.
Some birds are flying high in the sky.
Birds are flying in the air.
A bird was flying high up in the sky.
The birds are flying high in the sky.
The birds pecked grains.
Unlike birds, which feed and shelter their young, fish abandon their eggs.
Some birds alighted on the window sill.
A bird is singing in the tree.
Birds are flying above the trees.
Birds were singing among the trees.
The birds are singing in the trees.
The bird flapped its wings.
Birds sing.
Birds are pecking at the grounds.
The birds flew away in alarm when they saw the cat.
Were I a bird, I would be there at once.
If I had been a bird, I could have flown to you.
I dreamt I was a bird.
Birds have a homing instinct.
A bird has wings.
Feed the bird!
I wish I could fly like a bird.
The desire to fly in the sky like a bird inspired the invention of the airplane.
We may be able to see birds' nests.
Bird's wings correspond to man's arms.
Birds always return to their nests.
A bird is known by its song and a man by his way of talking.
Birds have sharp eyes.
Birds feed on berries and corn seeds.
Birds fly in the sky.
The birds were flying in a group.
The bird soared above.
Birds are natural enemies of insects.
The birds flew away in all directions.
The birds settled on the branches.
Birds sometimes cause accidents by getting in the way of airplanes.
The bird dipped its head into the water.
Birds build nests of twigs.
Birds make a nest in the springtime to raise their babies in.
Birds build nests.
The birds flew south in search of warmth.
The bird was looking for worms.
Birds fly long distances.
Birds fly south in winter.
The birds flew to the south.
The bird flew away and was lost to sight.
Birds fly.
Birds usually wake up early in the morning.
Birds learn to fly by instinct.
Birds can fly thousands of miles away and return to the same place every year.
Birds make their nests in trees.
Birds fly with their wings.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
Birds lay eggs.
The fowls were well roasted by the cook.
Let the bird fly away.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
The truly remarkable feature of sound production by birds is that the two sides of the syrinx can act independently.
How long will it take for alterations?
How long does it take to alter it?
I'd like to have your answer right away.
I recommend you to set about your business without delay.
Unless I leave right away, I'll be late for my appointment.
A right angle has ninety degrees.
It took me about two and a half hours to dig a hole one meter in diameter and two meters in depth.
I went via Beijing of necessity because there wasn't a direct flight.
Naoko lives in that white house.
Naoko swims.
Naoko is a swimmer.
Naoko is good at swimming.
Naoko is a fast runner.
Naoko can run fast.
Naoko came back to Japan.
We had better protect our eyes from direct sunlight.
Naoto takes after his father in appearance.
Can I dial direct?
Why don't you consult an attorney in person?
Opinion against the direct tax was dominant.
Can I call directly?
Draw a straight line.
Naomi has just finished her work.
Naomi is very glad about having won first prize.
Naomi shifted her bag from one hand to the other.
Little did he realize the danger he was facing.
We are not amused.
Look at the setting sun.
Her calm words banished our fears.
Be silent, or say something better than silence.
Voiceless screaming was interestingly represented through music notation by Alfred Schnittke: "silence fortissimo".
Silence often implies resistance.
Silence is golden, but not when trying to learn a foreign language.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
Silence often implies consent.
Many Americans are uncomfortable with silence, and they tend to regard silence in a conversation as a signal that they need to start talking.
That's unusual.
It is difficult to break the vicious circle of wages and prices.
Wages and salary are pay received at regular times.
Why don't you ask for a pay raise?
I'm looking for an apartment to rent.
Any apartment will do as long as the rent is reasonable.
Do you have a pain reliever?
Take the pain reliever only when you need it.
Do not touch the exhibits.
It is carried away by tidal waves.
The tidal wave warning has been canceled.
The crashed plane burst into flames.
We prepared ourselves for the crash.
I have a slipped disc.
We keep shiitake mushrooms dry.
A highwayman robbed a foot passenger of his money.
The meeting was put off till further notice.
The pursued remnant of soldiers decided it was high time for a show-down one way or another.
Please advise us as to what topic you would like to add or delete by June 12.
I was pressed by their questioning and slipped into telling an obvious lie.
I've got to take a make-up test.
I have to take the test again.
P. S. I love you.
Ouch!! I've been stung by a bee!!
Did I hurt you?
Please let me know if it hurts.
I can't bear the pain.
He could no longer stand the pain.
Please be gentle.
If you have pain, take a painkiller.
It will only hurt a little.
Don't care a hang about it.
The pain was more than he could bear, so he took some medicine.
The pain was such that I was not able to sleep.
The pain has gone.
The pain is getting worse.
The pain shoots into my right leg.
I can't stand this pain.
The pain has lessened a little.
You must endure the pain.
Do you have any pain?
The pain will wear off.
The pain will go away by and by.
The pain has started to ease now.
It's not worth the pain.
Please give me something to kill the pain.
I'll give you a painkilling injection.
Please give me a painkiller.
Clutching my painful wound...
May I sneak in? My flight is leaving soon.
A passing car splashed water on us.
I entered the bookstore on the way.
Though it was noisy on the street, I could hear my name being called.
Because of the icy streets, we could not drive the car.
We heard glass shattering in our street.
He deliberately ignored me when I passed him in the street.
I met a party of students on the street.
I passed a boy in the street.
They were fighting on the street.
I met him in the street.
It is dangerous to play in the street.
An old man spoke to me on the street.
There were a number of cars on the street.
We see a lot of cars on the street.
There were hundreds of cars on the street.
Not a soul was to be seen on the street.
No one was to be seen on the street.
We could not see anyone in the street.
Cherry trees are planted along the street.
There are stores along the street.
There is a crowd of people on the street.
He ran out into traffic.
Everybody that came to the street was surprised.
You can park on either side of the street.
If there is a lot of traffic in the streets, we say in English that the traffic is heavy.
There is a church across the street.
The ambulance broke down in the middle of the avenue.
The noise from the street affected our work.
There were a lot of people on both sides of the street.
The street is full of activity.
The streets were decorated with flags.
The street was crowded with cars.
The street is clogged with traffic.
The street was crowded with people.
The street was in utter chaos.
The street was bustling with shoppers.
The streets are alive with shoppers.
Look to right and left in crossing the street.
When I was crossing the street, I saw an accident.
You can't be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You must be careful in crossing the street.
You cannot be too careful of traffic when you cross the road.
You cannot be too careful in crossing the street.
You should look out for cars when you cross the street.
Look out for cars in crossing the street.
He slipped while crossing the street.
Look to the left and right before crossing the street.
I was able to find the street, but I couldn't find her house.
Don't run across the street.
Crossing the street, he was knocked down by a car.
Look at the man crossing the street.
It's across the street.
In crossing the street, you must watch out for cars.
I took my little sister by the hand when we crossed the street.
My little sister took my hand when we crossed the street.
Cross the street.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend of mine.
Walking along the street, I happened to meet my old friend.
While I was walking down the street, I happened to see a traffic accident.
Walking along the street, I found a wallet.
I was walking down the street when suddenly someone tapped me on the shoulder.
Walking along the street, I hit on a solution to the problem.
Walking along the street, I met the lady.
Waking on the street, he met Jim.
Walking along the street, I met Mr Smith.
This is a tropical storm. It'll be over soon.
Trees are planted along the street.
Instead of giving the money, that is the normal coin of the realm, which is the phrase that everyone used then, they would give them a token, and this token might be metal, might be wood, might be cardboard.
Currency and bond markets are relatively calm.
A passing car splashed my coat with water.
Watch out for passing cars.
It is next to impossible to go to school.
It takes two hours to go to school by bus and train.
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
Commuters were deprived of their transport by the strike.
When you get into a commuter train, you see the briefcases neatly stacked on the racks.
I go to my work at eight forty as a rule.
We will include the usual acknowledgments.
Normal sleep is made up of two phases.
A correspondent must soon adjust himself to life abroad.
The telecommunications market is totally up for grabs.
Mail order is the main form of direct marketing.
An ideal pillow is available from a mail-order house.
Why don't you apply for the job of interpreter?
As a rule, we don't allow smoking.
Don't put your things in the passage.
Could I sit on the aisle?
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
I'd like one on the aisle, please.
Should I cancel the call?
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.
You have made only a few spelling mistakes.
There is no sugar left in the pot.
That keeps me on my toes.
Please hang onto the strap.
When it comes to fishing, he's an expert.
I got up early this morning to go fishing.
I went fishing.
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
The fisherman cast the fishing line into the water.
Keep the change, please.
How beautiful and free the cranes were! Sadako sighed and closed her eyes.
No wonder he is a henpecked husband.
Corporate borrowing from financial institutions is rising due to the low interest rate.
Of course, they are suffering from terrible working conditions such as low wages and arbitrary layoffs, as well as from various forms of discrimination.
Didn't you disregard a stop sign?
A power failure contributed to the confusion in the hall.
The levee kept the floodwater back.
The bank secured the city from a flood.
We'll allow a percent discount off list prices.
Periodicals may not be removed from the reading room.
In addition to taking the regular tests, we have to hand in a long essay.
The liner will call at Kobe on Tuesday.
We will grant you a special discount of 5% provided that you could guarantee placing regular orders.
It's best to go to the dentist at regular intervals.
A ruler helps one to draw a straight line.
Some words are hard to define.
They're minutes behind schedule.
Are we arriving on time?
To our amusement, the curtain began to rise ahead of time.
I'm looking for some regular work.
I'd like to have a Caesarian operation.
The empire strikes back.
As he stood there he might have been a fiend.
It seems a long way to the bottom.
Grab the bottom.
I see your cat in the garden.
The flowers in the garden are very beautiful.
You can go out and play as long as you stay in the yard.
There are a lot of flowers in the garden.
Rose and lilies are in bloom in the garden. I like these better than those.
What is in the garden?
The garden was grown over with weeds.
Are there many flowers in the garden?
There was nobody in the garden.
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
The garden was a riot of color.
The garden is fragrant with the smell of roses.
I have a bench in my garden; I like to sit outside and enjoy the afternoon sun.
There's an old cherry tree in the garden.
We have planted the garden.
I'll water the garden.
I'd like a room facing the garden.
There are beautiful flowers here and there in the garden.
The pear tree in the garden bears a lot of fruit.
The roses in the garden are in flower.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.
Little by little, the buds on the rosebush in my garden begin to open.
The roses in the garden are in full bloom.
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold.
The flowers in the garden need watering.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
All the flowers in the garden withered.
The flowers in the garden bloom in spring.
All the flowers in the garden died for lack of water.
The flowers in the garden are beautiful.
Let's pick flowers from the garden.
There was a high wall about the garden.
It's his job to pull the weeds in the garden.
Why don't I try to do something about the garden?
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
Can you name all the trees in the garden?
The garden is still in shadow.
The garden is in front of the house.
The garden is bright with flowers.
The garden is railed off from the path.
The garden was larger than I had expected.
The garden needs to be weeded.
The garden is common to the two houses.
The garden was full of beautiful flowers.
The garden is bare and brown.
The garden was covered with fallen leaves.
Let's clean the garden, shall we?
I'll take a shortcut across the garden.
Who destroyed the garden?
Do you mind if we cross your garden?
A high wall stands all about the garden.
Please let us know the prices and earliest delivery of your Steel Landscape Edgings #STL3456.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
The fourth month is called April.
My little brother asked for some money.
My brother must've written this letter.
Bob looks down on his brother for not being good at sports.
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night.
My brother did that on behalf of me.
My brother did.
The younger brother replied, "I have heard: 'He who is afraid of the leaves must not go into the forest.'"
Is the new job going well for your younger brother?
My brother and I went to see John off at the airport.
My brother and sister get up about seven-thirty every morning.
I will get my brother to carry your bag for you.
My brother has a gift for painting.
Leave him alone.
My brother almost drove me crazy.
It's my brother's.
My brother's room is always a mess.
I'll lend you some books of my brother's.
My brother has been much too rowdy lately.
My kid brother is twelve.
My little brother always sleeps with his teddy bear.
My brother is always acting foolishly.
My brother always gets up earlier than I.
My brother has never been beaten at tennis.
My brother wore his shirt inside out.
My brother dared not swim across the river.
My brother watches television.
My brother insisted on going there alone.
My brother is not yet in school.
My brother is still sleeping.
My brother will often sit up all night.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
My little brother can read English.
My brother is interested in English and music.
My brother ran out of the room without saying anything.
My brother hung the picture upside down.
My brother is at his desk.
My brother depends on me for money.
My brother polished the silver.
My brother is living in San Diego.
My brother just watches television and does not study very hard these days.
My brother goes to the same school I do.
My younger brother is taller than I.
My little brother goes to an elementary school.
No sooner had the younger brother gone into the forest than he found the river, swam across it, and there on the other side was the she-bear, fast asleep.
My brother is keen on collecting stamps.
My brother is small but strong.
My brother makes friends with anybody soon.
My brother paid double the price.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
My brother named his cat Hanako.
My brother has been friendly to him.
My brother leaves his room in a mess.
My brother has joined the baseball club.
And so does my brother.
My brother is old enough to go to school.
And his disciples put their faith in him.
I have a suggestion.
The familiar argument against a proposed action that it is premature.
It is important to overview the economic status of these groups before examining the proposed solutions.
The section chief accepted the proposal.
Please compose a draft of the proposal idea.
Let's join hand in hand.
Out of the four policies that were suggested, I think the most effective one would be the "Improvement of Preventive Care and Health Promotion" policy.
You must not forget to check your paper before you hand it in.
Is my paper looked over before submitting?
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
Sadako's friends wanted to build a monument to her and all children who were killed by the atomic bomb.
Sadako looked at the golden paper crane that her best friend Chizuko had made for her.
Quickly Sadako tried to fold the paper before she fell asleep.
Sadako had folded paper cranes so far.
Sadako smiled at them.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her mouth and tongue wouldn't move.
Sadako gave a weak nod.
I worked all night so to meet the deadline.
He was called down by his boss for missing his deadline.
I'm sorry for the short deadline.
She handed in her term paper after the deadline.
I cannot agree to your proposal as regards the deadline.
I'm killing myself to meet the deadline.
The coxswain egged his crewmen on, and made a winning spurt at the last lap of the regatta.
The corrected sentence was just what he wanted to say.
Give it up.
Don't give up!
The nail tore his jacket.
Mud clings to my shoes.
Don't tramp in the living room with muddy feet.
Clay is the essential ingredient in making pottery.
I have no intention of getting wet.
A burglar broke into the house.
The thief cursed the police for finding him.
A burglar made away with my wife's diamond ring.
The burglar wore gloves, with the result that there were no finger-prints to be found.
The thief ran away and the policeman ran after him.
A thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
The thieves pulled open all the drawers of the desk in search of money.
The robbers did away with their victims.
The thief's pursuit began.
The thief was arrested red-handed.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
The thief is certain to be caught eventually.
The thief slipped into the house.
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
The thief snatched the woman's handbag and took to his heels.
The thief made off with the woman's handbag.
The thieves ran away after it got dark.
The thief ran away in the direction of the station.
The thief fled without leaving any traces.
The thief got in without being noticed.
The thief took flight when the policeman saw him.
The thief outwitted the police and got away with his loot.
The thief ran away when she saw the policeman.
The thief was handed over to the police.
The thief was marched off to the police station.
The thief was caught in the act.
Robbers prowl around at midnight.
The thief whipped out into the crowd.
The thief seemed to break in through a window.
The thieves made off with the jewels.
The thief hit me and gave me a black eye and then ran off.
The burglar broke into the house under the cover of night.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.
We caught the thief.
There is honor among thieves.
Two robbers broke into a store.
Bring the guns into play when the enemy approaches us.
We anticipated where the enemy would attack.
The position held by the enemy is so important they will fight to the bitter end to hold it.
They were ready to run the risk of being shot by the enemy.
Surrender to the enemy.
He is generous to his opponents.
The enemy kept up their attack all day.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
The enemy's attack ceased at dawn.
Stop the advance of the enemy.
We attempted to break the lines of the enemy.
Though the enemy's defenses were strong, we tried to break through.
They had to submit to the superior force of the enemy.
The enemy made a strong attack on that building.
The enemy occupied the fort.
The enemy attacked the town.
The enemy finally gave in.
The enemy gave in without further resistance.
The enemy is caught like a mouse in a trap.
The enemy launched an attack on us.
The enemy did not yield to us.
The enemy answered our fire.
The enemy's plane suddenly turned toward us.
The enemy blew up the bridge.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
The enemy were driven out of the land.
The enemy flung fresh troops into the battle.
The enemy fled in disorder from the battlefield.
The enemy attacked us at night.
The enemy kept up the attack all night.
He makes no friend who never made a foe.
Know yourself as well as your enemy.
You should avail yourself of enemies.
Hostility was replaced by love.
The enemy troops closed in on the city.
The hostile army began to attack.
The enemy was entrenched all around the capital.
The liner will call at Kobe.
The enemy had triple our numbers.
Relations are tenuous as peace talks resume between warring factions.
The enemies stood face to face.
I've missed my aim.
When the whistle blows, the race will start.
He's definitely the right guy for the job. Let him fiddle with a computer and he perks right up.
Proper diet and exercise are both important for health.
You should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time.
I searched all the dictionaries to find a suitable word.
Top among suitable topics is the weather.
Taking moderate exercise is good for the health.
Moderate exercise will do you good.
Moderate exercise stimulates the circulation of blood.
Moderate exercise stimulates the circulation of the blood.
Moderate exercise is necessary to health.
Moderate exercises will make us feel good.
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.
Taking moderate exercise will do you good.
Moderate exercise will be of benefit to your health.
Moderate exercise invigorates the blood circulation.
It is good for the health to take moderate exercise.
Taking moderate exercise will keep you healthy.
I will tell it to him at the proper time.
If there is a suitable occasion, I'll introduce you to him.
Fill the blanks with suitable words.
Come on in and make yourself at home.
The drowning boy was more dead than alive.
All the passengers were saved from drowning.
The drowning man shouted for help.
Drowning men clutch at straws.
There were several deaths from drowning.
The study of philosophy belongs to the humanities.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine it is.
Philosophy is not so difficult a subject as you imagine.
Philosophy is often regarded as difficult.
Philosophers tend to have little contact with the outside world.
Strict security measures were in force.
I haven't had enough sleep because I sat up all night.
I worked all night.
An iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
Iron is harder than gold.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Iron is hard.
Iron is the most useful metal.
Iron is a metal with many uses.
Iron is tempered by heating and sudden cooling.
Iron transmits heat well.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
An iron bridge was built across the river.
I walked along the river until I got to the iron bridge.
One of the qualities of steel is hardness.
Steel is a key industry.
Steel output set a record for two consecutive years.
A railroad was constructed in this town.
A new means of communication was developed — the railway.
It's dangerous to walk on railway lines.
What is it that determines the route a railway takes?
The railroad fare for children is half of the adult fare.
The railroad provoked a kind of revolution.
Please look up the first train to London in the railway guide.
The railroad is parallel to the road.
The rail-line was carried under the Tsugaru Strait to Hokkaido.
Every bullet has its billet.
What is a typical British dinner?
Typical Japanese babies sleep with their mother after coming home from hospital.
Even now, the typical worker's whole life is still bound up with the company he works for.
God above helped us.
I'm so happy, I feel like I could fly.
The Milky Way is a vast belt of distant stars, each star a sun like ours.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
There was a beautiful chandelier hanging from the ceiling.
Down came the ceiling and the dog went away.
If the ceiling fell, he would be crushed.
Make sure that the device is attached firmly to ceiling.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
There is a lamp on the ceiling.
Can you reach the ceiling?
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
The ceiling measures ten feet high.
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
In clear weather, we can see the island from here.
As it is fine, I'll go out.
The weather's so good I think I'll hang the laundry out to dry.
I hope the weather stays this way.
It is lucky that the weather should be so nice.
It is fortunate that the weather is so nice.
It's a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
He is but a fair weather friend.
Air the bedclothes when the weather is good.
We took advantage of the fine weather to play tennis.
It being a fine day, I went out for a walk.
The fine day added to our pleasure.
The weather was beautiful and we stayed on the beach all day.
Bad weather prevented me from doing the sights of Nara.
The weather turned better.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
The yacht race will take place tomorrow, weather permitting.
We shall leave tomorrow morning, weather permitting.
Weather permitting, we'll start on our trip tomorrow.
If the weather is fine, I'll go swimming in the river.
Weather permitting, we will enjoy the beautiful scenery.
I'm going to mow the lawn tomorrow, weather permitting.
Were it clear, we would go on a hike.
I will go, provided the weather is clear.
If the weather is good, I'll go to the park.
Weather permitting, we'll leave tomorrow morning.
If the weather is good, I'll go out tomorrow.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
We heard that the weather was bad, so we decided to put off our trip.
We will have to put off the soccer game because of the bad weather.
Regardless of the bad weather, I decided to go out.
Because of the bad weather, any thought of sight-seeing in the city was abandoned.
Owing to the bad weather, the game was put off.
They couldn't swim because of bad weather.
We are sorry about the bad weather.
Bad weather kept us from going out.
If the weather hadn't been bad, I would have started my journey.
The weather turned bad.
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
The weather has improved.
The weather changed suddenly.
We will start tomorrow, weather permitting.
I will come, weather permitting.
They will make an assault on the summit, weather permitting.
The weather turned fair.
Meat decays quickly in warm weather.
Warm weather favored our picnic.
The weather varies quite often.
The fine weather added to our pleasure.
Thanks to the good weather, the outdoor concert was a success.
The weather being fine, we went on a picnic.
The weather was fine, so we went fishing.
With the weather improving, players began running on the sports ground.
We may as well stay here till the weather improves.
The party is to be held next Sunday, weather permitting.
Providing the weather is clear, I'll go there.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of mountain tomorrow.
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
Weather permitting, we are going to get to the top of the mountain tomorrow.
Weather permitting we will go for a drive.
The ship will be ready to sail, if the weather permits.
I'll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
Talk about the weather, the food at the party or your favorite drink.
It's fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
Let's take a chance on the weather.
There is no telling about the weather.
We would often go hiking on sunny days.
The uncertainty about the weather has had a definite effect upon the Englishman's character.
The weather is forecast, using the past data as a basis.
Play out of doors on a fine day.
He would often go fishing on a fine Sunday.
The weather is as fine as can be.
The weather was as fine as it could be.
The weather stayed bad.
The weather seemed favorable for the test flight.
It would seem that the weather is improving.
The weather was getting worse and worse.
There will be a change for the better in the weather.
The weather remained rainy.
The weather is forecast scientifically.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
It's stormy.
The weather varies from hour to hour.
The weather is a shade better today.
The forecast says it will begin to rain tonight.
I wonder if the weather will hold.
It's a sunny day.
Apart from the weather, it was a good picnic.
I guess it depends on the weather.
The weather forecast was right.
The weatherman says we'll have rain in the afternoon.
The weather forecast says it will be cooler tomorrow.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
The weather forecast said that it would rain this afternoon, but it didn't.
The weatherman predicts snow for tonight.
The weather forecast says that it's going to snow this evening.
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.
The weather forecast predicts whether it will rain or not.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is approaching Okinawa.
According to the weather forecast, the typhoon is likely to approach the coast.
According to the weather forecast, it will rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it will clear up tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in before long.
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.
According to the weather forecast, there'll be more rain on the way.
According to the weather reports, it will snow tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, tomorrow will be snowy.
The weather forecast says there'll be showers.
According to the weather report, it will snow tonight.
What was the weather report?
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
Weather reports rarely come true.
The weather forecast tells us if it will rain or not.
The forecast didn't call for rain.
The weather forecast is not necessarily reliable.
The weather forecast say it's going to rain tomorrow.
Don't you trust the weathermen?
A weatherman is someone with whom the weather does not always agree.
I will call on your tomorrow, weather permitting.
Owing to the bad weather, the garden party was called off.
Bad weather forced us to call off the picnic.
The bad weather prevented me from going fishing.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
The weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
Cold weather keeps many plants from blooming.
There was a sudden change in the weather.
Weather permitting, we will go on a picnic tomorrow.
I will start, weather permitting.
They will go to the woods to pick mushrooms, weather permitting.
Weather permitting, I'll start tomorrow.
The weather became warm.
Weather permitting, I'll go fishing in a river.
Attendance should be good provided the weather is favorable.
Rain or shine, I will come to meet you at the station.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
The less it is affected by the weather the better clock it is.
To this extent, it has the characteristics of a great complicated balance between plant life and lower forms of animal life.
The weather has been nice all week; it is high time we went on a hike.
The weather was ideal.
The weather was going from bad to worse.
The weather has a great deal to do with our health.
The weather varies with seasons.
The weather began to take a turn for the worse in the afternoon.
It's nice and cool.
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather.
The Emperor shall be the symbol of the State.
The Emperor is the symbol of the unity of the people.
The Emperor prayed for the souls of the deceased.
The Emperor's Birthday fell on Sunday.
I can wait to love in heaven.
It is a matter of common knowledge that a man of genius is seldom successful in his own lifetime.
Genius has been defined as a supreme capacity for taking trouble.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Genius and madness are but a hairbreadth away from each other.
Genius is only one remove from insanity.
Genius is but one remove from madness.
For all his genius he is as obscure as ever.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
A genius can sometimes have rude manners.
Genius must be born, and never can be taught.
Speak of angels, and you will hear their wings.
He lived to a ripe old age.
Naivete is his only merit.
There are not many countries in the world that abound in natural resources.
Natural resources are not limitless.
It's a shame the way natural resources are wasted.
Natural dyes keep a more beautiful color over the years than artificial dyes.
There are many natural objects that we can put to use.
A room with a skylight would be fine.
I'm not lying. I swear to God!
Heaven's vengeance is slow but sure.
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.
Astronomy is the science of the universe.
Astronomy is by no means a new science.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
Astronomy is the science of heavenly bodies.
They say fate will catch up with you. That was God's way of punishing him.
The jewels on display disappeared.
The exhibition was very impressive.
Today, we received your invitation to the exhibition with pleasure.
We have been to see the exhibition.
The roses on exhibition are grouped together by colors.
Please do not handle the exhibits.
A good many of the pictures on exhibition were sold on the opening day.
Where are the three nude statues in the exhibition?
I carried the heavy bags back from the store chanting yo-hee-ho all the way home.
She fainted in the store and found herself in the first aid room when she came to.
It is the only one there is in the shop.
Prices vary with each store, so do your shopping wisely.
What's your day off?
People got to know me, and I had the same waitress all the time.
I put the tip under two glasses because I knew they were always in a hurry.
The shop closes at seven.
This shop is open from 9am to 6pm.
The stores were alive with people the Saturday before Christmas.
The store closed down for good.
The store was so crowded that they lost sight of each other.
The store is choked with customers.
The store needs more clerks to wait on customers.
The shop is across from the bank.
The store opens at a.m.
The shops are for the most part closed at ten o'clock.
What time did you shut the shop?
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my teacher.
On the way out I said to my waitress, "Be careful, Sue. There's something funny about the glasses you gave me - they're filled in on the top, and there's a hole on the bottom!"
The clerk said, "What can I do for you, sir?"
All of a sudden, the clerk lost his temper.
Now that you mention it, she also needs a bra and panties.
The clerk labeled the baggage.
The clerk didn't take much trouble over the work.
The shop assistant went out of his way to find what we needed.
The salesgirl wrapped the gift for me.
"Are you being attended to?" asked the shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper urged me to buy it.
The proprietor of the store worked at the head of his employees.
As I don't have the software that matches the attachment, I cannot open the file. Please resend it in another format.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Take care not to fall.
I took good care that I did not fall.
On falling down, she burst into tears.
I broke my wrist when I fell on it.
Take care not to fall down and skin your knee.
All's grist that comes to his mill.
I fell down and hurt my wrist.
I'm excited about the move.
You say you changed schools.
The new boy made up to his teacher by sharpening her pencils.
Each person has different views with regard to changing jobs.
I quit my job and moved so I could start off with a clean slate.
I've changed my job.
His income has been reduced after he changed his job.
A change of air will do you good.
The change of air had done me much good.
The change of air worked wonders for her.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
The tumble hurt him badly.
If I get a good mark, I can pull off an A in biology.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
He is allegedly the murderer.
The difficulty with biography is that it is partly record and partly art.
Can I leave a message?
You have a message here.
The message reads as follows.
I relayed the message to her.
The legend says that she was a mermaid.
According to legend, the wood used to be haunted, so people would avoid it.
The last part of the legend was added later.
An epidemic disease broke out.
A contagious disease descended on the town.
He, um, said that it was contagious.
Traditions no longer make any sense.
Tradition, as such, should be respected.
Traditional viewpoints gave place to new ones.
By tradition, people play practical jokes on April.
We'd like separate checks, please.
I found it pleasant walking in the country.
I think country life is superior to city life in some respects.
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
Do you like the country?
I want to live a carefree life in the country.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
Old practices died hard in the country.
I was born and raised in the country.
Living in the country, he rarely had visitors.
I'd like to move to the country.
Do you like to live in the country?
It will do you good to live in the country.
I live in the country.
Living in the country, we have few amusements.
Living in the country, I have few visitors.
His health gradually changed for the better after he went to live in the countryside.
I had a good time while I stayed in the country.
Buses in the country do not usually come on time.
Country people are often afraid of strangers.
Country people are traditionally suspicious of strangers.
Life in the country is not always tranquil.
You'll soon get used to living in the country.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Many young people in the country long to live in the city.
The roads out in the country are not so busy as in the city.
The countenance of the countryside has changed.
The countryside has many trees.
The countryside is beautiful in the spring.
Feeling tired after his walk in the country, he took a nap.
Mr. Smith ran his sluggish horse along the country roads.
Tamori was born in 1945, that is, when World War II ended.
Mr Tamura succeeded in the business world.
Mr Tanaka, you are wanted on the phone.
Talking of Mr Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
I don't associate with Mr Tanaka any more.
Please put me through to Mr Tanaka.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr. Tanaka.
Ms. Tanaka can type, can't she?
Mr Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
Mr Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
Mr Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mr. Tanaka is one of my father's fishing companions.
The Tanakas invited me to dine with them.
Mr Tanaka appears very rich.
Mr Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Professor Tanaka wants somebody to help him with his study.
I haven't heard from Tanaka for the last six months.
Mr. Tanaka can play the piano well.
Mr Tanaka, if anything, is an honest man.
Mr Tanaka is a chivalrous man.
Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
May I introduce Mr. Tanaka to you?
Having been in America for many years, Miss Tanaka is a very good speaker of English.
Dr. Tanaka carried out tests for two years on three hundred rats.
Mr Tanaka is our teacher of English.
Tajima went to London by way of Paris.
Mr Tanabe is out now.
Keep away from the electrical equipment.
Electric irons are heated by electricity.
The light doesn't work.
What would our lives be like without electricity?
Electricity has taken the place of steam.
My electric razor is on fire.
Heat was spread throughout the room by the electric stove.
Electric illuminations add to the attraction at night.
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
The discovery of electricity changed our history.
The discovery of electricity gave birth to an innumerable number of inventions.
The electricity came on again in a few minutes.
Electricity is very useful.
Our electric heater does not work well.
Something is wrong with our electric heater.
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.
Would you be so kind as to turn the light on?
Please turn on the light.
Could you turn off the lights?
I'd appreciate it if you would turn out the lights.
Turn off the light.
Don't turn off the light.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
There is a fault in the electrical system.
The performance of electric cars has improved.
The light is out.
The light bulb has burned out.
I ran like lightning.
They would arm administrators with so much detailed and up to date information.
Do you have an electronic typewriter?
Let's keep in touch by e-mail.
Even the repairman couldn't figure out what had gone wrong with the microwave.
My microwave is acting up. I think I'd rather get a new one than repair this one.
A microwave oven gets food hot in an instant.
The computer can figure just as the human brain does.
There have been several new developments in electronics.
I don't understand electronics shoptalk.
Electronic commerce began to spread rapidly.
The train was delayed for an hour.
There was a gust of hot wind from the tunnel as the train approached.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
We are doubtful about the train leaving on time.
It makes no difference whether the train is delayed or not.
Tom caught a glimpse of the driver as the train raced past.
I had my pocket picked in the train.
Let's take a train.
You had better go by tram.
You were careless to leave your umbrella on the train.
I left my tennis racket on the train.
It was easy to find seats in the train because there were so few passengers.
I am obliged to leave early to catch my train.
Will we be in time for the train?
You have plenty of time to catch the train.
I couldn't catch the train.
I left my umbrella on the train.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
I dozed off in the train and slept right past my station.
Watch your step when you get on the train.
My leg cramped up as I ran down the stairs to catch a train, and I had to sit down right there in the middle of the stairway.
I didn't recognize him at first on the train.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
I met her by chance on a train.
Some people are reading some magazines on the train.
It feels awkward to get up and give your seat to someone on the train.
Someone stepped on my foot on the train.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
I felt uncomfortable with those kids loitering around in the train.
I left my bag on the overhead rack in the train.
The train will be twenty minutes late.
The train runs every thirty minutes.
The train is due to arrive here in minutes.
The train left the station on time.
The train already starts.
Could you tell me where I can get a train?
The train was almost an hour behind time.
The train headed for the station.
What time does the train depart?
The train jerked forward.
The train is to arrive on time.
He assumed that the train would be on time.
The train is due to arrive at noon.
It's boring to wait for a train.
The train has just left.
I left my hat as I got off the train.
You are on the wrong train.
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
Wires carry electricity.
Electricity cables are made of copper.
The battery died.
It doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down.
Do you sell batteries?
It needs new batteries.
The electric light went out.
The invention of electric light is accredited to Edison.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
The discovery of electric waves made radio possible.
Let me know by wire.
Please answer me by telegram.
Send the telegram at once.
An electric current can generate magnetism.
I happened to be out when the call came.
The call has come through.
Not having a telephone is an inconvenience.
I heard the telephone ringing.
If the phone rings again, I will ignore it.
The popularity of the telephone has led to fewer people writing letters these days.
It cannot be denied that we cannot do without the telephone in our modern life.
The phone is out of order.
Thank you for being patient as we respond to the high volume of calls.
The telephone doesn't work.
The telephone rang several times.
The telephone was still.
When the telephone rang, I was just going out.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
When the phone rang, he sprang out of bed.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
When the telephone rings, you must answer right away.
We were all set to leave when the phone rang.
I had already gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I was about to leave when the phone rang.
The phone was ringing, but there was no one to answer it.
I hear the phone.
Anne was just about to leave the house when the phone began ringing.
The telephone rings. Susan picks it up.
Why didn't you call me up?
Let's make a phone call.
Please forgive me for forgetting to call you.
Phone me the news.
I ordered the book from the department store by telephone.
We used the transcripts of the recordings of telephone conversations.
Thank you very much for your time on the phone.
I speak in my normal voice when I'm working the phone.
Can you take notes over the phone?
We take telephone orders.
Who were you speaking to on the phone?
I made him talk to his aunt on the phone.
I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
We have had difficulty reaching you by phone.
Answer the phone.
Answer the phone, please.
Answer the telephone, will you?
He must have been sleeping because he didn't answer the telephone.
Stay home so that you can answer the phone.
A phone call often interrupts your conversation.
The phone kept ringing.
Could you tell me how to use the telephone?
The voice on the phone was unfamiliar to me.
The invention of the telephone made it possible to communicate with people far away.
The invention of the telephone caused a revolution in our way of living.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Bell.
The telephone is among the inventions attributed to Alexander Graham Bell.
When can I use my telephone?
None of the telephones are working.
A telephone is something you can't do without.
The telephone is a means of communication.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
The phone was out of order again.
The telephone rang repeatedly.
The telephone is essential to modern life.
The telephone is now out of order.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
Having a telephone helped her find more clients.
The phones aren't working.
The telephone is a convenience.
The telephone can be a nuisance.
Are you through with the phone?
Might I use your phone?
I want to make a phone call.
I want to make a phone call, but I don't have any change now.
The caller refused to give us his name.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
When I phone them nobody answers.
I'll make a phone call.
I searched in my pocket for a coin to make a phone call.
You need not have called me.
He had just come home when I called.
Please phone me before you come.
It would be a mistake to make a phone call.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I want to have a telephone installed.
I have to make a phone call.
She asked if she could use the phone, so I let her.
No sooner had I hung up than the phone started ringing again.
Please hang up and the operator will call you back.
Hang up and wait a moment, please.
Please hold the line.
Please hold on a moment.
Don't hang up, but hold on please.
Don't hang up; I haven't finished talking to you.
Can I talk to Ryoko again before you hang up?
Will you let me use your telephone, please?
Could I borrow your phone?
May I use the phone?
A telephone recording tells you what time the concert starts.
Can you check if the phone is out of order?
Could you dial up the operator for me?
The storm has broken the line.
I'm talking on the phone.
I was cut off while I was speaking.
Look up the number in the telephone book.
I looked up his phone number in the telephone book.
May I see the telephone directory?
Look in the phone book.
Is this 223-1374?
Telephone and facsimile numbers will not change.
The telephone number is 234-6868, and my room is 1228.
What's the number?
I seem to have the wrong number.
Give me your phone number.
Give me your telephone number.
May I have your phone number?
A word, once out, flies everywhere.
I threw up my food.
I feel like throwing up.
I coughed up blood.
Don't touch the wet paint.
Some students go to school on foot, and others by bus.
The walkers set out from Boston and reached San Francisco six months later.
There is kindness to be found everywhere.
Watanabe is my family name.
Let's give up our plan to climb it.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school.
Will you take care of gathering materials for the climb?
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures.
The mountaineer craved fresh water.
The mountain climbers reached the summit before dark.
The climbers were brought off by the rescue party.
The climbers awoke before daybreak.
The climbers were apprehensive of their danger.
I wish people would stop throwing away empty cans and other trash along the path up the mountain.
The characters were well cast.
The name of the character is Hamlet.
It is OK to redistribute the unregistered trial version.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
I bet I can quit smoking from now on.
I'll bet you that you're wrong about that.
I'd bet my life on it.
The odds are two-to-one that the Reds win.
Good technicians are in short supply in the developing countries.
Don't give up halfway.
Will you drop in to see me on your way?
The bus broke down on the way, so I ran to school.
They must have had an accident.
We met a traffic jam on the way.
I'm sure you'll be sorry if you give it up halfway through.
Our car developed engine trouble on the way.
I couldn't sit through it.
We took a short rest on the way.
Is it necessary to change trains along the way?
I met my teacher on the way.
We were robbed of the documents on the way.
I was at my wit's end.
Air is polluted in cities.
Beware of thefts in a big city.
It is difficult to find a happy medium between city and countryside.
People whose homes are in the town want to live in the country.
It is better for the health to live in the country than in the city.
People living in town don't know the pleasures of country life.
City firms vied with each other to hire the brightest young staff.
People in towns are attracted by life in the country.
Life in the city has never agreed with me.
Crows like Tokyo because it is warmer in the city than in the suburbs, and it's bright at night.
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
There is a great contrast between city life and country life.
Come whenever it is convenient to you.
Please drop in when it is convenient for you.
Please call me at your earliest convenience.
You can come at your convenience.
Please come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
You can't hide the fact that you're having a hard time. Bad news travels fast you know.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient for you.
One feels that the city has grown slowly and each age has left its mark.
Well-made roads extend far from the city.
The bigger a city grows, the dirtier the air and water become.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
The city was fortified all about.
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening.
It seems likely that people in the city will move to the country.
In the city, large quantities of garbage are being produced every day.
Cities are designated on this map as red dots.
The city perished in the earthquake.
Urbanization is encroaching on rural life.
The urban-renewal project is now well under way.
There are several advantages to city life.
The noise of city life annoys me greatly.
The city was all aflame.
There are more people living in towns and cities.
High rises are mushrooming in the heart of the city.
The woman left and went to the courthouse, where she waited in line again.
Alceste's family is eating with proper manners.
Thanks to his efforts, he attained his object.
My efforts produced no results.
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
Thomas, make some effort!
The teacher will give him a passing grade if he shows effort.
Hard work is an essential element of success.
Efforts do not always pay off.
Your effort will surely bear fruit.
Effort produces fine results.
All my efforts turned out to be useless.
All my efforts came to nothing.
It is important that we make an effort.
By hard work we can achieve anything.
You should never fail to make efforts.
You cannot achieve anything without effort.
Without your effort you cannot hope for success.
I need a good pair of sunglasses.
You will ruin your health if you drink without measure.
Kindness in excess is too much of a good thing.
You have got a lot of nerve.
I was very angry with myself for my lack of courage.
Will you please arrange for me to meet Mr Doi?
When it continues raining cats and dogs for a long while, laundrymen have a hard time doing their work.
The rain is teeming down.
The house whose roof you see beyond the bank is Mr Suzuki's.
You can't get a tree to grow on bad soil.
The foundation is bedded in concrete.
If we don't make a last ditch stand at winning that contract, we may very well go under.
The game was canceled at the last minute.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
We'd better finish up this project before the eleventh hour.
Land made him a rich man.
Land prices are running higher every year.
It's best to have one of the locals show you around.
They sent agents to agitate the local people.
They sell land by the acre.
I till the earth.
Land reform caused a great change in the lives of the people.
American Indians have a fair historical right to claim they got a raw deal from the government.
Do you go to school on Saturday?
Would you like to see a live performance of a play with me Saturday?
I make it a rule to read books in the library on Saturday.
It was Saturday night.
How's Saturday night?
We have five classes every day except Saturday.
It is Saturday.
It's Saturday. You need not have woken me up.
This street will come alive with shoppers on Saturday.
How many classes do you have on Saturdays?
Shall you be going to the meeting on Saturday?
You need not come to the office on Saturdays.
All the students go home early on Saturday.
We want to go to the beach in his car on Saturday.
How about going to the movies on Saturday?
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
Would you care to come and see me on Saturday?
Could you give a me hand packing on Saturday?
Do you have school on Saturdays?
Don't forget to bring your lunch on Saturday.
The karaoke shop is especially crowded on Saturdays.
Would you like to go fishing on Saturday afternoon?
We have dances on Saturday evening.
On Saturday evenings everybody in the family had a bath one after another in an old tin bath in front of the fire.
Saturday is when I am least busy.
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
Saturday is the last day of the week.
Do you see patients on Saturdays?
We will shut up our store on Saturday.
Saturday comes before Sunday.
Saturday is the day when he is free.
Saturday is when my father is free.
That guy took the best for himself.
He set me up for the scandal.
The man is quite capable of telling lies.
He broke the window on purpose.
They subjugate the meek.
I know he's laughing up his sleeve.
They want to riot.
They're doing their work at a snail's pace!
They'll kill me.
I'm annoyed by their impudence.
They have taken her away.
Slaves make a life for themselves.
Slave revolts interfered with the Middle Passage.
It is over a century since slavery was made illegal.
Slavery has been abolished in most parts of the world.
I feel the tension in my neck, where it gets sore and stiff.
The angry crowd threw missiles at the police.
The angry citizens took action immediately.
When angry, count to ten before you speak.
The angry people deprived the king of all his power.
The teacher was really upset and threw Johnny out of class.
The angry father bawled "Go to bed." to his son.
There's no talking to him when he's angry.
I didn't know whether to get angry or to laugh.
Anger deprived him of his reason.
A man who angers easily should learn to count to ten - it calms trouble like pouring oil on troubled waters.
He became bad-tempered, continually criticized his wife's cooking and complained of a pain in his stomach.
Anger caused him to tremble.
Burning with anger, she slapped him.
Anger is an energy.
Anger is a form of madness.
Hatred is our enemy.
He turned angrily on his accusers.
I couldn't hold back my anger.
It's a kind of virtue to keep one's temper.
He is a lion when roused.
Don't be angry.
It doesn't pay to lose your temper.
Don't shout.
Don't shout at me. I can hear you all right.
He was about to explode, but checked himself.
Could you put your seat back up a little?
The fallen tree got in the way, and I could not get my car out of the garage.
The fallen tree arrested the current of a brook.
A fallen tree blocked the path.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
He fell and hurt his leg.
A combination of parties formed the new government.
Party leaders are grappling with flaws in the party system.
The party convention was put off.
The party was split up into two.
It would be madness to climb that mountain in winter.
With winter coming on, they have to buy a lot of fuel.
With winter coming on, it's time to buy warm clothes.
Winter has gone. Spring has come.
Winter is coming on.
Winter is approaching.
With winter coming on, the mountains will soon be covered with snow.
The days grow shorter as winter approaches.
Winter is over and spring has come.
It seldom snows here in winter.
You can still get asparagus in the winter.
I have it in mind to have a gray suit made to order for the winter.
He'd be crazy to climb the mountain in winter.
I suffer from depression during the wintertime.
When it becomes winter breath becomes white.
In the winter, when the nights were long and the days short, she watched the children coasting and skating.
In the winter I wear a coat on top of my vest.
You had better not climb such high mountains in winter.
Some plants perish in winter.
We have a lot of snow in the winter.
In the winter, I like to sled down the small hill close to our home.
We're running short of fuel for the winter.
Does it snow much in winter?
If you don't wear warm clothes in winter, it wouldn't be surprising if you caught a bad cold.
Squirrels are storing up nuts against the winter.
In autumn some animals store food for the winter.
At the winter festival, Beth received an award for dancing the best.
The climate of Florida in the wintertime is milder than that of Iowa.
The young plants are potted during the winter.
Winter's reign was nearing its end.
It was a silent night in winter.
Car windows accumulate frost on winter mornings.
With the coming of winter, days are getting shorter.
The night falls fast in winter.
After spending hours out in the cold winter wind, my skin got all chapped and dry.
Winter is just around the corner.
Winter is the coldest season of the year.
Winter changed to spring.
Winter does not look real without snow.
We often have fires in winter.
Winter is gone.
Winter is cold, but I like it.
Winter has gone.
In winter our lips get chapped.
Fresh vegetables are very dear in winter.
Wear warm clothes in winter.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
It is easy to slip and fall during icy winters.
I feel more tired in the wintertime.
How did you spend your winter vacation?
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
Not dressing warmly in winter can result in catching a bad cold.
Ice covers the lake during the winter.
I did without heating all through the winter.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
The sled accelerated as it went down the icy slope.
Take particular care when walking on icy paths.
An icy blast of wind cut me to the bone.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
Driving on an icy street is a dangerous business.
A freezing beggar was brought into the hospital for treatment. However, he didn't have even one cent with which to settle the bill.
He was confused by a sudden question.
There's a large clock near the top of the tower.
The picture of the tower was out of focus.
The tower was blown to atoms.
The tower leaned slightly to the west.
An island came in sight.
Do you see that ship near the island?
The island has a mild climate.
Island folklore still recounts the story of the raft.
The island showed black in the moonlight.
The island was enveloped in a thick fog.
The island is nearly a mile across.
There's no way off the island.
The pebble I threw skipped along the surface of the water.
The venturer Edward made his the jackpot in the oil business.
The return on the investment will be high.
An investors' group is attempting a leveraged buy-out of the firm.
Investment bankers are tearing their hair out over the crash.
Are you old enough to vote?
We'll decide by voting.
The result of the vote was a win for the Liberals.
The poll was taken yesterday.
The result of the poll will be known soon.
It cannot reasonably be assumed that decreasing the dose would reduce the risk of side-effects.
From which gate do I board?
Where is the boarding lounge?
What's the boarding time?
Here are your boarding pass and your baggage claim.
Can you show me your boarding pass?
May I see your boarding pass, please?
The people on board thrust their way toward the rear exit.
Can I check in here?
Where is the check-in counter?
The economies were hit hard by energy price increases.
I hear some tribes in eastern Africa live on milk products.
There is a tinge of red in the eastern sky.
The eastern sky was getting light.
From which platform does the train to Higasikakogawa leave?
I don't have an account at that branch of Tokai Bank.
The New Tokaido Line was completed in 1964.
The Tokaido Line was crippled by the typhoon.
The Tokaido line terminates at Tokyo.
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
I heard that the distance between Tokyo and Osaka is about km.
How long is the flight from Tokyo to Hawaii?
How long does it take to fly from Tokyo to Los Angeles?
There is a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
Could you tell me the way to Tokyo Tower?
Have you got used to living in Tokyo?
The cost of living is very high in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, the cold season starts in the middle of November.
I hear that even taxi drivers often get lost in Tokyo.
For some people, home is a cardboard carton in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, the cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
Spacious apartments in Tokyo are hard to come by.
You have to accustom yourself to the crowded trains in Tokyo.
In Tokyo, wild birds are decreasing in number year by year.
It is difficult to have one's own house in Tokyo.
Tell me what you did in Tokyo.
I saw a kabuki play in Tokyo.
They started to sell a new type of car in Tokyo.
A big earthquake occurred in Tokyo.
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
There is no knowing when a severe earthquake will happen in Tokyo.
There is no telling when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
I hope to see you the next time you are in Tokyo.
My aunt, who lives in Tokyo, sent me a beautiful blouse.
While staying in Tokyo, I came to know her.
Do you live in Tokyo?
What time will the flight arrive in Tokyo?
Many architectural monstrosities are seen in Tokyo.
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
When I went to Tokyo, I met him.
It has been as many as ten years since I started to live in Tokyo.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
I live in Tokyo.
Foreign businessmen living in Tokyo often complain of the high prices for imported western food.
How would you like to live in Tokyo?
Will the typhoon hit Tokyo you suppose?
I'll drop you a line when I get to Tokyo.
On arriving in Tokyo, I wrote her a letter.
On arriving in Tokyo, I called him up.
I had been in Tokyo only three days when I received news of my father's death.
We were living in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
There are shuttle buses that stop at several hotels in Tokyo.
It is really hard to pay one's way in a huge city like Tokyo.
During the rush hours in Tokyo, traffic is heavy.
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London.
Do you have any idea what the population of Tokyo is?
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of New York.
How large is the population of Tokyo?
Tokyo has a population of over ten million.
The population of Tokyo is four times as large as that of Yokohama.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
The population of Tokyo is larger than that of Osaka.
The population of Tokyo is greater than that of London.
Tokyo's air pollution problem is even worse than that of New York.
Prices for land in Tokyo now are an arm and a leg for even the smallest place.
We ran out of gas on the way to downtown Tokyo.
The night view of Tokyo is wonderful.
Tokyo, which is the largest city in Japan, is awake hours.
Tokyo was really wonderful.
Tokyo is surrounded by many satellite cities.
Tokyo is by far the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is a very big city.
Tokyo was really wonderful and the welcome the Japanese extended to us was also just as wonderful.
Tokyo is bigger than Yokohama.
Tokyo is bustling with life.
Tokyo is a huge city.
Tokyo has an extremely high volume of traffic.
Tokyo is now a center of the world economy.
What's the local time in Tokyo now?
What time is it in Tokyo?
Tokyo will run short of water again this summer.
Tokyo is the least attractive town to me.
Tokyo doesn't agree with me.
Tokyo is a very expensive place to live.
Tokyo is a big city.
Tokyo is one of the biggest cities.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is as large a city as any in Japan.
Tokyo is larger than any other city in Japan.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Tokyo is more populous than any other city in Japan.
Tokyo has a larger population than any other city in Japan.
Will it be fair in Tokyo tomorrow?
Please get in touch with me when you come to Tokyo.
What are you going to Tokyo for?
Is this the right train for Tokyo?
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo by train.
It's been five years since I came to Tokyo.
This is the hottest day I have had since I came up to Tokyo.
During the rush hour in Tokyo and Osaka, the trains run at intervals of a few minutes.
Let's call Tokyo the Big Mikan!
How do I get to your office from Tokyo Station?
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station come about?
I ran into an old friend at Tokyo Station.
Change trains at Tokyo Station.
Where can I catch the bus to the Tokyo station?
The train leaves Tokyo Station at 7.
In the Tokyo stock market, stocks of about companies are traded over the counter.
The Bank of Tokyo amalgamated with the Mitsubishi Bank.
What time does the last Tokyo train leave?
I flew on a Tokyo-bound plane.
Where should I check in for Tokyo?
I wonder which train I should take for Tokyo.
How many flights to Tokyo do you offer a day?
The Tokyo stock market recorded an unprecedented loss.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange rallied at the end of the day.
You may extend your stay in Tokyo.
How high is the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Office Building?
I was on Flight from Tokyo.
What time does Flight from Tokyo arrive?
The turnover on the Tokyo stock Exchange swelled to the year's record.
I was going to try to get into Tokyo University, but I've changed my mind.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
Future prospects for ASEAN seem unstable, no matter how you look at it.
The Tohoku district was badly hit by the cold weather.
The Tohoku district is worth traveling to.
The Tomei Expressway connects Tokyo with Nagoya.
I have an interest in Oriental ceramics.
The Toyo Hotel has a free transportation service from the airport to the hotel for their guests.
People from the East do not look at things the same as we do.
Peaches taste sweet.
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.
It was his notebook that was stolen.
It was his bicycle that was stolen.
Only a miracle may get him out of it.
The stolen jewels must be recovered at any cost.
I would rather starve than steal.
A person who steals deserves punishment.
It is wrong to steal.
It is bad to steal.
The robber was nabbed this morning.
A thief lurked in the dark doorway.
A band of robbers attacked the party.
The thieves tied him up and escaped through the window.
The thieves made off in a waiting car.
I would like to report a theft.
She locked her jewels in the safe for fear they might be stolen.
The stolen car was found in the parking lot.
How do I report a theft?
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.
The lights have been burning all night.
The light went on.
The lights suddenly went out and it become dark.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
The lighthouse was beaming forth rays of light.
If you want to join the club, you must first fill in this application form.
John took the lion's share of the lottery winnings; he claimed it was his idea to buy the ticket in the first place.
My strong point is my philosophy - nothing ventured nothing gained.
Go for broke!
Obviously.
I wasn't counting on that.
I wandered about aimlessly all day.
The boy in question did not come to school today.
Please enjoy your stay at this hotel.
Our hotel accommodates guests.
The general meeting of our society is held in December every year.
We will be landing in minutes.
We will soon take off.
The authorities started going into the case.
The authorities have been hiding the facts from the public.
The authorities managed to stabilize the currency.
The authorities are striving in vain to stabilize the currency.
The authorities are trying to dispel the doubts about his death.
I am staying with my uncle for the time being, but later I will move to a small apartment.
There are a great number of schools in this city.
There are many bridges in this city.
Our city is free from air pollution.
You speak pretty highly of him but you're directly involved. I think my less charitable view might be more accurate since I can look at things objectively.
There should be more communication between the persons concerned.
In those days, or at any rate in Cambridge, laboratory life was rather informal.
In those days it was far from easy to come by a good job.
Art was then at its best.
In those days, sugar was less valuable than salt.
At that time, I was in Canada.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
She can't have been in her twenties at that time.
Poverty seemed to have nothing to do with them in those days.
The prices of commodities varied every week then.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
No one lived on the island at that time.
Television sets began to appear house by house at that time.
Germany then had a powerful army.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
We lived from hand to mouth in those days.
As was the custom in those days, he married young.
Were those women in favor of votes for women?
In those days, a new type of democracy was rising.
People in those days already knew that the earth is round.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
His fame was at its zenith at that time.
Pure water was washed away to this river as well at that time.
In those days, he was still strong and energetic.
There were no schools for the deaf at that time.
Didn't you know that he had gone abroad then?
At that time I had a poor income and couldn't live on it.
Monks used to play tennis in monasteries.
There were not many women doctors in those days.
In those days, I was accustomed to taking a walk before breakfast.
There were no railroads at that time in Japan.
Travelling was much more difficult in those days.
At the time, our country was confronted with serious economic difficulties.
Britain was not geared up for war then.
My family was well off in those days.
My study absorbed me in those days.
I was a high school student at that time.
In those days I tended to think of myself as a nice looking guy.
I used to read novels at random in those days.
I was a baby in those days.
In those days, I used to get up at six every morning.
At the time, Japan was faced with a host of diplomatic problems.
He and I were in the same camp then.
He was hard on forty at the time.
He was in America at that time.
He devoted himself to music in those days.
At that time she was engaged in some sort of work.
I suppose that she was happy then.
I'm sure you'll be a valuable asset to our company.
Your system isn't suited to our company's needs.
I agree with you that we need more women in this company.
May I introduce our sales manager, Abe?
Our price is considerably higher than the current market price.
Our primary objective is to expand the South American market.
Our main office is in Osaka.
It aims to furnish factories and homes with sophisticated robots.
This company was established in 1930.
Our company has branches in many cities.
We guarantee after-sales service and parts.
Our company's first priority is meeting our customers' needs.
Attached is a map to our office.
At first only a few people protested, but now they're all coming out of the woodwork.
The public is requested not to litter in these woods.
It is the place where there is no person in question, and you shouldn't say abuse.
You shouldn't speak ill of a man behind his back.
It is your constant efforts that count most in the end.
If you want to get elected, you're going to have to improve your public image.
Once elected, I will do my best for all of you who supported me.
I take for granted that you agree with me.
I should be, I have been skating since I was five years.
Naturally.
She was understandably angry.
As a matter of course, you must go there yourself.
As a matter of course you must go there yourself.
I take it for granted that I'm such a great pilot.
The smart young woman passed the exam as a matter of course.
He deserves to be promoted.
Our school facilities are inadequate for foreign students.
Our university authorities are considering the admission of handicapped students.
In summer, it is very hot here.
It tends to rain here a lot in the summer.
It can be cold here even in May.
We have little snow here.
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.
The cost of eating out is quite high here.
How often are letters delivered here?
Here everybody goes in for skiing.
We have little snow here even in the winter.
We have a lot of snow here in winter.
Japanese currency is widely used here.
We seldom have snow here.
There is usually a cool breeze here in the evening.
What strikes me here is people's friendliness.
I have few friends here.
It is more than ten years since we came to live here.
It gets very humid here in the summer.
The climate here is very mild, and snow seldom falls even in winter.
The climate here is like that of France.
The climate here is milder than that of Moscow.
The climate here is milder than that of Tokyo.
The climate here is like that of Hokkaido.
Life here is much easier than it used to be.
It's very cold here in February.
It can be very cold here even in May.
It's so cold here that we can't do without an overcoat.
It gets very humid at home in summer; in winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
It gets very humid here in the summer. In the winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
The food isn't very good here.
Do you have much snow here?
This is the first time that I have been here.
We have hundreds of records in stock.
We sell goods on commission.
We have a wide choice of books.
We have a complete set of the recordings of Beethoven's symphonies.
All our catalogues are free for the asking.
All our pies are baked fresh during the night for your dining pleasure the next day.
Our policy is to satisfy our customers.
We have no business relations with the firm.
The store is closed until further notice.
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.
Do you have today's tickets?
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
You need not come here for the moment.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.
For the time being we two had better not meet too often.
I'm staying with my aunt for the time being.
Let's leave the matter as it is for the present.
I suggest we adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
We should adopt flexible tactics for the moment.
For the moment there's nothing in particular I need to be doing.
The money will do for the time being.
We'll have to make do with the old one for a while.
The biggest problem of the hour is unemployment.
You should play along with him for the time being.
If you don't know the answers, guess.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
The answers must be written in ink.
Where does the answer lie?
Write your answer with a pen.
Write your answers with a pencil.
Don't ask a question to students who you know cannot answer.
You must consider it before you answer.
It was impossible to find an answer.
It was easy to answer.
When she saw her test score, she burst into tears.
Gather the papers and bring them here.
Hand in your papers.
Read over your paper before you hand it in.
Give your papers in.
Hand in your examination papers.
Read your paper over again before you hand it in.
Your test papers must be handed in by Monday.
Until now sugar had been detected in my urine once, however this time there is only albumin.
I have diabetes.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
Statistics show that the population of the world is increasing.
Statistics show that very few people live to be a hundred.
I accommodate statistics to theory.
Statistics don't always tell the whole story.
Statistics indicate that our living standards have risen.
Statistics deals with collected numbers representing facts.
I can provide you with some statistical predictions of expected revenues.
I would like to arrive.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
He will be waiting for you when you get there.
No sooner had he arrived than he fell sick.
The movie will have started before we get there.
When does it arrive?
What is the arrival time?
Is Mr Fujiwara at home now?
It was not mentioned in the process of discussion.
In the discussion the accent was on unemployment.
Declare your position in a debate.
The discussion came to a conclusion.
The discussion went on till late at night.
We will continue the discussion.
I move that we continue the discussion.
The panelists discussed energy problems.
Tofu is a good accompaniment for sake.
Run and hide in the mountains.
It is no use trying to escape.
We tied him up so that he wouldn't be able to escape.
Yielding is sometimes the best way of succeeding.
I had no chance to escape.
The prisoner who escaped is still at large.
I was on the alert for a fugitive criminal.
What's the visibility?
The pottery was baked by fire.
My head is spinning.
My head is swimming.
My head hums.
My head has begun to clear.
I wish I were clever.
I have a splitting headache.
Having a cracking headache, I went to bed earlier than usual.
I'm confused.
I feel heavy in the head.
My head feels heavy.
My head aches.
No wonder you've got a headache; the amount you drank last night.
My head hurts. Have you got any headache pills?
When she has a headache, the slightest noise irritates her.
I had a headache, and I took the day off today.
It is getting on my nerves.
I have a round bald spot on my head.
Watch your head!
I had an intense pain in the head.
With the magnets mounted on their heads, they were unable to find their way home.
Even an intelligent child cannot understand.
Intelligent equipment has replaced manual labor.
She's quick on her feet, so no matter what you say to her, she'll have a witty comeback.
You've got a one-track mind.
Teach an old dog new tricks.
The magnets on their heads were responsible for that.
Without the magnets on their heads, they could find their way home in any weather.
The ceiling over my head shook.
His head was gray.
My brain is full.
With the world turning circles running round my brain.
The bright boy comprehended the concept of geometry.
Though he is clever, he isn't wise.
Granted his cleverness, he may still be mistaken.
Wrap your head in a scarf.
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump.
As I was struck on the head, I was unconscious for some time.
I wouldn't lower myself to borrow money.
Duck!
Hold up your head, and look at me.
Keep your head down.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
Cool off!
Protect yourself at all points.
We studied the Concordance to Shakespeare to accumulate examples of alliteration.
Trains rattled overhead.
The moon and stars were shining above us.
The clouds above moved fast.
The sky above was a deep blue.
I took two aspirins for my headache.
Do you have a headache?
I have a headache, so I would like to take a day off today.
My headache has gone.
I would go except for my headache.
Do you have a headache and a sore throat?
Do you have anything for a headache?
I have a headache and I am suffering from a cough.
You shouldn't make light of a headache.
He used a headache as an excuse for leaving early.
My scalp is very itchy.
What do the initials NTT stand for?
The struggle ended in a satisfactory settlement.
Don't work yourself sick.
As a consequence of overwork, he became ill.
Overwork cost her health.
What with overwork and what with little sleep at night, he fell ill.
Working to excess will do you harm.
I stayed at home all day instead of going to work.
I had hardly started to work when it began to rain.
Don't work too hard.
Work and play are necessary to health.
We have no alternative but to work.
The number of working women is increasing.
Never open the door of a car that is in motion.
It is dangerous to jump into a moving train.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
Stir, and you are a dead man.
It's dangerous to jump off a moving train.
Hold it!
Don't move, please.
Moving about gives Americans a great pleasure.
We may as well cool our jets and wait until it starts moving again.
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
I can't move.
No speculation has taken place concerning the motives.
The motion is proposed and seconded.
The motion was carried by acclamation.
Animals and plants live on this planet.
Animals inhabit the forest.
Don't feed the animals.
He isn't cruel to animals.
Animals have no reason.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Do you think animals have souls?
Some animals can be taught.
Do not feed the animals.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
You ought not to be cruel to animals.
An animal has no moral sense.
Man is the only animal that laughs.
Young animals adapt quickly to a new environment.
I like taking care of animals very much.
Taking care of animals is a valuable experience.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
Some animals are very active at night.
Some animals, as tigers, eat meat.
Some animals, such as lions, eat meat.
Some animals are very good at climbing.
The skin of animals is covered with hair.
Animals lives are no less valuable than our lives are.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
Animals seem to move at random.
You may think that animals can sleep in any position.
Why do you think animals dread fire?
Animals are afraid of fire.
Animals can learn and pass on what they learn.
Animals act in a better manner than wicked humans.
Animals have bodies largely composed of fluid.
Animals cannot distinguish right from wrong.
Animals act on instinct.
Animals live in many places and in great numbers, too.
Plants and animals require more sunshine than is generally supposed.
Animals and plants have the right to live, and men even more so.
In order to catch animals, they used the bola.
I abhor killing animals.
Put the animals into the cage.
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.
They keep a lot of animals in the zoo.
Some animals are producing offspring in zoos.
There are many kinds of animals in the zoo.
Are there many animals in the zoo?
I'd like to go to the zoo.
The zoo is in the east of the town.
Could you tell me the way to the zoo?
Zoology and botany deal with the study of life.
Zoology deals with the study of animal life.
The animals were busy collecting nuts.
I often experience palpitations of the heart.
The same is true of professional baseball.
The same holds good of us students.
You can see the same thing on the playing field.
The same thing holds good for the younger generation.
The same may be said of other people.
I am tired of hearing the same thing so often.
If you do that the again I'll beat the pants off you.
You're wasting your time with all this needless repetition so spare us the long-winded explanation.
Not to harp on the same string, I still insist that those who drink should never drive.
Let me buy you a new one.
I am going in the same direction. Come with me. I will take you there.
Simply repeating the same method won't do any good.
Many a person has had the same experience.
In an essay similarly devoted to allegorical procedures in contemporary art, Buchloh discusses women artists.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Not a few students made the same mistake.
See to it that you don't make the same mistake.
See to it that you never make the same mistake again.
The same cause often gives rise to different effects.
The same cause does not always give rise to the same effect.
The same can be said of many other persons.
The same is true of the nation.
The same applies to my class.
The same is true of Japan.
Monotony develops when you harp on the same string.
No two men are of a mind.
To different minds, the same world is a hell, and a heaven.
The same explanation is true of that case.
The evening of the same day saw our bus reach the scene of the accident.
You can find the same thing anywhere.
I say the same thing over and over.
The same phenomenon has been observed.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
Suicides of high school students as a result of bullying continued one after another.
Her classmates do not appreciate her.
On behalf of our classmates, I welcome you.
Business results of the company were much better than other companies in the industry.
Don't do two things at a time.
You can't be at two places at once.
Don't love two people at a time.
We all stood up at once.
The boys rushed for the door at the same time.
You can't do two things at once.
At the same time, he began to run.
Her dream is to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Simultaneous translation broke linguistic walls.
What is the company's competitive advantage?
The management of a company offered a 5% pay increase to the union.
The company's capital expenditure program is set to be billion yen for this year.
The company's exports to India amounted to $million last year.
The company crafted a new product.
The company announced a profit of $million after tax.
The launching of the company was in 1950.
The company's fourth quarter results sharply improved from the preceding quarter.
The company's immediate priority is to expand the market share.
Sales at the company zoomed thanks to brisk export demand, but profit did not keep up because of intense competition.
The corporate headquarters is in Los Angeles.
The company is equally owned by the two groups.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
The company earned $million on sales of $4,million.
The company went out of business after many years of declining profits.
That is a well-managed company.
The company has a monopoly on the nation's tobacco business.
The company is managed by my elder brother.
The company produces soy sauce and other food products.
The company has decided to sell some of its money-losing units.
The company incurred a deficit of $million during the first quarter.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
I would very much appreciate receiving a copy of the book.
You often find that sympathy gives place to love.
Never confuse pity with love.
I cannot help crying for sympathy.
Sympathy is a feeling characteristic of mankind.
Nothing is as important as compassion.
They moved in together?
You mind if I join you?
We fixed the date for our class reunion.
Misery loves company.
The allies defeated the evil empire in the fierce battle.
The allies condemned the invasion as a violation of UN resolutions.
Similarly, the strongest reasons for stopping are usually the short-term benefits (for example, feeling healthier and more attractive).
My colleagues welcomed me very warmly.
A colleague has every advantage over me.
I would like to express our thanks on behalf of my colleagues.
It is not good of you to take advantage of your colleagues.
Like breeds like.
Walk tall, son.
The fuse lit at once.
We heard somber hollow sounds from the cave.
When a big ape emerged from the cave, they got frightened and ran away.
I will mentally return to childhood and do it all over again.
We came to a place where the road branched into two lanes.
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.
The bad roads prohibit speeding.
The bus jolted over the rough road.
The road declines sharply.
The road dips suddenly.
The road is icy, so take care.
As the road was wet, the car must have slipped sideways.
As they didn't know the way, they soon got lost.
I just ran into her on the street.
I greet my teacher on the street.
Walk along the street and turn left at the third intersection.
I seem to be lost.
Don't throw away cans on the street.
Take a map with you in case you get lost.
We carried a map with us in case we should lose our way.
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way.
They carried a map with them in case they should lose their way.
If you lose your way, ask a policeman.
A lost dog strayed into our neighborhood yesterday.
We lost our way, and what was worse, we were caught in a shower.
Losing the way, he chose the road at random.
Are you lost?
I got lost.
I'm lost. Could you direct me to the station?
There goes a hot little number across the street.
You'll have to try the store across the street.
I pulled my car to the left side of the road.
A broken-down car was standing in the middle of the road.
Meeting strangers is one of the pleasures of a trip.
I must have lost my key along the way.
Pull over to the side, please.
The road was crowded with trucks.
The road ascends gently here.
The road divides here into two.
The road is uphill all the way.
The path ascends steeply from there.
The road rises from there.
The road was very rough.
The road was quite muddy, and, what is worse, it began to rain.
The road climbed gradually.
The road curves gently toward the lake.
The road continues for many miles.
The road descends slowly.
The path turns sharply at the bridge.
The way is free for an advance.
The road ascends to the village.
The road parallels the river.
There will be an answer.
I hope that he will find his way easily.
Move along, please!
The dog crossing the road was run over by a bus.
You must take care when you cross the road.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Keep out of the way, please.
Make way for the children, please.
Would you tell me the way?
Will you please show me the way?
Could you tell me the way?
I'll show you the way.
Make way, please.
Try to be as polite as you can when asking directions.
You lead the way and I will follow you.
Let's cross the street.
Walking along the street, I saw the accident.
It is very kind of you to show me the way.
You are very kind to show me the way.
The clown's stunts were highly amusing to the boys.
The clown made a funny face.
Let's live it up!
We wandered from the course.
What is a workman without his tools?
Got the tools in my pocket.
Is it possible to rent equipment?
Don't handle these tools roughly.
Don't handle the tools roughly.
Do you know how to get there?
There were white and yellow flowers at the side of the road.
A police car is stopping along the road.
I wish you a good journey.
He is described as a moralist.
In Japan, moral education is necessary.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
No wonder you are so happy.
No wonder they turned down her offer.
I will do anything within reason.
Who that has reason will listen to such a mad man?
The road is dusty. It cannot have rained yesterday.
They had cleared the obstacle from the road.
The street is like a tunnel of a paper flowers.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
It's a rare thing to run into a famous musician on the street.
Don't play in the street.
If you throw trash on the road, you have to pay a fine of up to dollars.
You cannot be too careful when crossing the street.
The road was jammed with various kinds of cars.
The road goes north from here.
The road bends sharply to the right at this point.
The road ascends steeply from that point.
The road makes a sharp right turn there.
The road curves to the left around the building.
The road was gray with dust.
The road was wet from the rain.
The road curled around the side of the hill.
The road was closed on account of the flood.
In spite of the heavy traffic, we arrived on time.
Roads were overflowing with humanity.
The road ran straight for several miles.
The road parallels the river for a few miles.
The road is blocked with fallen trees.
The road was crowded with various vehicles.
A jaywalker exposes himself to great danger.
When you cross the street, watch out for cars.
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.
Crossing the street, I was nearly hit by a car.
You must be careful in crossing the road.
You should be very careful in crossing the road.
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.
Take care when you cross the street.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
You should be careful in crossing the street.
They are binding the gravel with cement to repair the road.
Watch out for big and small stones on the road!
May I have a road map?
The rule of the road must be strictly observed.
Copper conducts electricity well.
Copper and silver are both metals.
The completion of the bronze statue did credit to the sculptor.
You have little to gain and much to lose.
What's your specialty?
As a proud new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
A customer wanted to know who the head honcho was.
Good swimmers are oftenest drowned.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
Virtue is its own reward.
Recite the names of the members of the Tokugawa clan.
The Tokugawa Shogunate came to an end in 1868.
Is there any particular color that you are interested in?
Do you have any particular style in mind?
I'd like you to help me if you have nothing in particular to do.
I especially want to thank our record-breaking sales team.
He loves dogs above all.
Language in particular is the most fluid of mediums.
In particular, you cannot ignore the effect it has on the children.
What is especially important is the observation of the traditional values.
In particular, London in early spring seems to suit me.
The control of exhaust gas is especially needed in big cities.
I have no pain in particular.
Especially over the last years, the purported link between progressive welfare policies and economic failure in the Northern European countries seems to point to the difficulty of sustaining both full social welfare and international competitivity.
I notice the sale prices are written in red ink.
What's the track for the limited express?
A patent right is an important property.
Every privilege carries responsibility with it.
Some animals are endowed with special gifts.
I'm trying to find a green sweater in extra large.
We have the extra-large size, but not in that color.
An effective writer is one who knows what sort of words should be employed in any specific context.
Special services include a personal driver for each guest.
I feel just fine.
Persons with special skills can easily get jobs.
They have imitated his style in all areas except those that require special skill.
Except in special circumstances, anyone is allowed to enter the building.
Three other people were singled out for special praise.
By special arrangement we were allowed to enter the building.
A special tax was imposed on imported cars.
We would like to know if you can grant us a special discount.
I'll make this a special case, but try to keep it short.
We have quoted special prices.
The special lecture was put off until the next day due to the bad weather.
The extraordinary session of the Diet will last four weeks.
I want to buy two S-grade seats.
Do you have any special exhibits?
We have something special for you, sir.
The secret service guards him against attack.
The poison has pervaded his whole system.
Diamond cuts diamond.
We've got to fight fire with fire!
She's been poisoned.
I can't face this life alone.
He is too young to go there alone.
My father told me I couldn't go abroad alone.
Left alone, she felt very tired.
I talk to myself.
Broaden your horizon so that as you become more and more able to take care of yourself you will move intelligently.
The dictator forced the tribe to agree on the terms of surrender.
The autocrat strove in vain to deal with the situation.
The autocrat strove in vain to deal with the awkward situation.
The dictator arrogated judicial powers to himself.
The dictator oppressed the people.
The dictatorship came under fire for its human rights record.
Are you single?
Unique ideas helped him to earn a high income.
Each science has its own terminology.
Why don't you strike out on your own?
Can you solve the problem by yourself?
If you can do it on your own, do it without reserve.
You may have whatever book you want to read.
Take any books that you want to read.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
The illiterate man was eager to increase his vocabulary.
Learning to read well is of primary importance.
A book worth reading is worth reading twice.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
Do you have any books to read?
I grasped the whole meaning of the book by reading.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
Some people can obtain relaxation from reading.
Some people relax by reading.
It's the reader that determines whether they extract pleasure from reading.
You will derive much pleasure from reading.
We can derive much pleasure from reading.
It's not that I dislike reading; it's just that I have no time.
Reading is to the mind what food is to the body.
Reading is his chief amusement.
When you read a book you should read between the lines.
I am very tired with reading.
What exercise is to the body, reading is to the mind.
I enjoy reading, cuddling by the fireplace and slow dancing.
Reading has its rules.
There is insufficient light for reading.
In one's reading, great writers of the past must be given the most attention.
Tired of reading, she took a nap.
No pleasure is greater than that of reading.
I have less and less time for reading.
I found little amusement in reading.
Reading will bear you richer fruit.
Reading is the kind of habit that once acquired is never lost.
Reading will guide us to the rich world of wonder.
Reading helps you build up your vocabulary.
Reading affords us pleasure.
Reading affords me great pleasure.
Reading gives me great pleasure.
Some people think of reading as a waste of time.
Reading develops the mind.
Reading is of great benefit.
Reading improves the mind.
Reading can develop your mind.
Reading is a great enjoyment to him.
Reading is a pleasant way to spend one's leisure.
Reading a book can be compared to making a journey.
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
When I was reading a book, the telephone rang.
Nobody is so busy that they cannot find time to read.
I have no time even for reading.
Many words are acquired through reading.
I went on reading.
There is a post office at the end of the street.
When we get down to brass tacks, we are all as guilty as the persons who actually committed the crime.
Suddenly, the Sphinx raised its head.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the department store.
Suddenly, the door opened and her father entered.
All of a sudden, a fire broke out in the movie theater.
He broke off talking because of the sudden noise.
When suddenly faced with a dangerous situation, hold your horses - make sure of the proper action, then act.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.
All of a sudden, the door shut with a bang.
Suddenly, there was a period of terrible violence and hatred between blacks and whites.
All at once I saw a human form in the distance, and, to my surprise, soon recognized that the traveler was a woman.
All at once, I heard a cry.
Suddenly, I heard someone singing near by.
All of a sudden, the river rose and broke its banks.
All of a sudden, we heard the sharp cry of a cat.
All of a sudden, the barn went up in flames.
I received his letter unexpectedly.
Suddenly, he heard a strange sound.
Suddenly the plane begins to rock and the seat belt signs come on.
Suddenly, the light went out.
Suddenly, it became noisy.
Suddenly, Jack realized what had happened to him.
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer.
All of a sudden, the lights went on.
He was suddenly very happy.
Suddenly, Hiroko burst into tears.
The gust of wind rose suddenly.
Suddenly I heard a loud clap of thunder.
The sudden glare impinged painfully on his eyes.
Fright gave the old lady heart failure.
At the sudden appearance of a bear, the kids made believe they were dead.
I was quite upset at the sudden change in the plan.
He looked blank when he heard the announcement of his promotion.
A sudden earthquake made a mess of the party.
A sudden wave of sickness overpowered him.
The news of his sudden death astounded me.
Sudden misfortune deprived her of her reason.
When I got the phone call telling me of my father's death, I was completely flustered.
A sudden wind agitated the surface of the pond.
The sudden noise startled the old man.
The sudden noise scattered the birds.
The sudden noise frightened her.
A sudden crack of thunder broke his sleep.
The bell rang suddenly.
All of sudden all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, the lights went out.
Suddenly there was a rifle shot.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.
All at once it began to rain heavily.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
Suddenly, it began to rain.
All at once, I heard a shrill cry.
A sudden noise abstracted their attention from the game.
All of a sudden, the fire alarm went off.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
It has suddenly got cold, hasn't it?
Suddenly, a terrible storm came up.
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain.
Suddenly a bear appeared before us.
There was a sudden change of plan.
All of a sudden, a dog began barking.
Suddenly, the thick clouds hid the sun.
All at once we heard a shot.
All of a sudden, I was shaken out of my sleep by someone.
Suddenly I hit on a happy idea.
Suddenly, a young woman stood up.
Suddenly the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
All at once the ship left the pier.
Suddenly, the captain left the ship.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All at once there was an explosion.
All at once, he spoke out.
His conscience suddenly awoke in him.
Suddenly, he fell down on his back.
He died suddenly.
Suddenly, he accelerated the car.
All at once they began to laugh.
Suddenly, they stopped talking.
Suddenly, her face was pale.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
All at once, I heard a scream.
Suddenly, workers were laid off.
All of a sudden, all the lights went out.
Suddenly, all the lights went out.
All of a sudden, I saw a hare running across the field.
The ghost vanished suddenly.
Suddenly, a good idea occurred to me.
Black hens lay white eggs.
I was robbed of my rightful share.
This is like casting pearls before swine.
Cast not pearls before swine.
I know how piggy feels, He starves without missing a meal.
Do not cast pearls before swine.
The pig is growing fat.
Pork doesn't agree with me.
Cloudy days, they stopped on their way and could not return home.
As it was cloudy, we could not enjoy the view.
It's cloudy.
It's getting cloudy.
I think it's clouding up.
It being cloudy, I took my umbrella with me.
It's a cloudy day.
Cloudy with occasional rain.
I feel there is just no way out.
Nara is rich in National Treasures and Important Cultural Assets.
Nara is a very old city.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
Nara is a city which I like very much.
Nara is an old city worth visiting at least once in your life.
Nara is famous for Daibutsu.
I had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket.
Where is the Internal Medicine Department?
Rejecting the urging of his physician father to study medicine, Hawking chose instead to concentrate on mathematics and physics.
Physicians are usually distinguished from surgeons.
The Cabinet is meeting today to discuss the crisis.
They say the Cabinet will resign.
They say that the cabinet will fall.
Down with the Cabinet!
The shy boy blushed at her compliment.
The shy girl kept her idea to herself.
I paid him yen on account.
I've always loved the freedom that comes from being introverted.
I'm afraid I have internal bleeding.
Between you and me, John's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between us, she was ill.
Between us, he is a little foolish.
I'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself.
Just between you and me, he is a liar.
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.
Between you and me, he was dismissed for bribery.
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.
While the civil war went on, the country was in a state of anarchy.
I'll speak to anyone at extension 214.
Extension 45, please.
I'd like a coat with the wooly side in, please.
A house divided against itself can't stand.
Strife is the rock on which the party split.
The inside defects never fail to express themselves outwardly.
An inner defect never fails to express itself outwardly.
Please review the contents and provide any appropriate feedback.
Don't leave the riddle.
The pot calls the kettle black.
There are people called Incas in South America.
Going back to South Africa had stirred up some painful memories for him.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
The movement of South Africa can no longer suppress the movement for equality.
Spanish is spoken in most countries of South America.
Where is the south terminal?
The clouds are coming from the south.
The Southern Cross is not to be seen in Japan.
A diametrically opposed kinship pattern is to be observed among certain South Sea Island communities.
Traveling to the southern states during the winter will be costlier than it is now.
In the Southern region, sales were up percent.
I wonder when the Civil War started.
The politician attempted a difficult task.
This is a difficult situation.
It's too difficult.
Refugees poured in from all over the country.
The principal cause of death in refugee camps is the lack of nourishment.
Sanitary conditions in the refugee camps were terrible.
We must relieve the refugees of their suffering.
The refugees were excluded from the country.
The refugees are well set up with food.
We have supplied humanitarian aid to refugees.
The boat people asked for food.
The face of thy mother's reflected in the sky.
Be so true to thy self, as thou be not false to others.
Know thyself.
There are a few disadvantages to it.
Please walk back a few steps.
Which is the more expensive of the two?
This is the cheaper of the two.
I had to choose between the two.
Which is the heavier of the two?
The two groups share equally in the company.
Out of the two designs, I prefer the former to the latter.
Better to have one plough going than two cradles.
Between two stools you fall to the ground.
There is a yard between the two houses.
The two banks consolidated and formed a single large bank.
The two buildings adjoin.
Is there a river between two parks?
The war between the two countries ended with a big loss for both sides.
You shall receive two certificates of achievement.
The two parties allied to defeat the bill.
Build a house on the level between two valleys.
Choose between the two.
The two towns are separated by a river.
The two roads join here.
Two heads are better than one.
Either of the two roads leads to the station.
Do not fold!
Twice two is equal to four.
Two crows are flying in the sky.
The second showing will start soon.
On my way upstairs I thought of the famous pianist.
They let the upstairs room to a student.
The second term came to an end.
Two jet planes took off at the same time.
In February it snows at least every three days.
We have a lot of snow in February.
Two white houses face each other and stand across the way.
Trade between the two countries has been steadily growing.
Let's hold fire for a few days.
Carbon dioxide sometimes harms people.
The amount of carbon dioxide has increased by percent.
Carbon dioxide is not a poison in itself.
I slept only two hours.
Can I borrow one for about two weeks?
The weather stayed hot for two weeks.
Look at the map on page 25.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
As many as twenty students were absent.
More than twenty boys went there.
How about taking in the Nijo Castle?
That dinner they had together was delicious.
The bells chimed as the couple left the church.
They have been married for twenty years.
I take it for granted that they'll get married.
The rumors about their divorce are getting around.
Both of us are very fond of curry and steak.
Those two are blindly enraptured with each other right now but they say first meeting someone is the first step toward goodbye. I wonder if they're aware of that.
Both are my colleagues.
Both of them arrived at the same moment.
They both are wearing a hat.
Two doctors were talking shop.
The two students parted when they reached the corner.
Two nurses attended to the patient.
There must have been a tacit understanding between them.
Affection sprang up between them.
How are relations between the two of them going?
Two detectives followed the suspect.
Two brothers set out on a journey together.
The two brothers smiled at each other.
Two police officers tried to restrain him, but he broke away and ran into a nearby house.
The two policemen were exhausted, too.
Their argument eventually ended in a draw.
There was a subtle difference between their views.
The two sisters lived very quietly.
The two children pulled at the rope until it broke.
The two premiers had nothing in common.
Two little girls are picking daisies.
Do you know either of the two girls?
Two boys came running out of the room.
Striking differences existed between the two boys.
He is the more able of the two boys.
The views of the two politicians collide violently.
Two senior officials are suspected of accepting bribes from real estate companies.
Practice volleying against two players.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
Two men came up to me.
Two men were fighting on the street.
Two men met face to face.
The taller of the two men went out first.
The two boys look more alike than I thought.
The two men were drinking in a bar.
The two men were released from jail.
The men are getting into shape riding bicycles.
Those two are so quiet it's unsettling. Could this be the quiet before the storm?
When the two disciples heard him say this, they followed Jesus.
Their swords clashed.
I started with two traveling companions.
Money set them against each other.
Two nasty guys robbed me of my jewels and ran away.
They nodded to each other.
The two tried one after the other.
The couple has been falling out over what TV program to watch for over a week.
The couple went off on their honeymoon.
The couple wasn't able to produce the down payment for the loan.
What are you two doing?
They got married.
They lived together for two years before they got married.
The two fixed on the day for their wedding.
They hated each other.
The couple is walking hand in hand.
The couple walked holding hands in the moonlight.
They talked together like old friends.
Two's company, three's a crowd.
The two came to the same conclusion.
Two is company, but three is none.
The two of them split up.
They confronted each other.
They decided to marry next month.
The couple was walking arm in arm.
What would I not do to help you both out of the trouble?
The man has two sons, one of whom is still at college.
I'd like a twin room, please.
The two ships went down at once.
Let the two lines be parallel.
I'd like you to get two adjacent rooms.
He tried to play two roles at the same time and failed.
Two trucks bumped together.
The two vans telescoped together.
The two cars almost met head-on on the way.
Two great civilizations slowly fell into decay.
He who runs after two hares will catch neither.
Never did I see him again.
Never again did I see you.
I'll never overlook your mistakes again.
Please promise me that you will never tell a lie again.
I will not do it again.
I'll teach you to do that again.
If you do such a prank again, you will hear from the owner.
Don't say such a thing again.
Never tell a lie again.
You won't be allowed another mistake.
Get out of my life!
Don't you ever darken my door again!
I'll never set foot in this house again.
Never will I see her again.
You must not forget your math textbook again.
I'll see to it that I will never be late again.
His face can't be seen straight again.
Nobody ever saw hide or hair of him.
He never turned back again.
They should not waste time and money on people who will never wake up again.
Don't come again.
I will never fall in love again.
The sacred ritual took place after being postponed twice.
Having failed twice, William didn't want to try again.
Hear twice better you speak once.
He came back two days after.
I have a hangover.
I caught a cold two days ago.
Two years later, the singer came back.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
Within a couple of minutes, she had eaten up all the bread and cheese.
Put the two sticks across each other.
Keep not two tongues in one mouth.
More than 20,Americans are murdered each year.
Jiro is not in.
The nun prayed and crossed herself.
Trim the fat off the meat.
The meat cuts tough.
The price of meat dropped.
The heat was responsible for the meat going bad.
The meat has gone bad.
Which do you like better, meat or fish?
The meat was crawling with maggots.
They say red wine is better with meat than white.
Flesh gives birth to flesh, Spirit gives birth to Spirit.
I'll put some salt on the meat.
Put some salt on your meat.
Which wine goes best with red meat?
The price of meat will soon come down.
Meat won't keep long in this heat.
How many slices of meat would you like?
All the accepted notions and prejudices about flesh being pink.
Meat, please.
You should cut up your meat before you eat it.
If you want to keep meat for long, freeze it.
Cut the meat into thin slices.
Put the meat in the refrigerator, or it will rot.
A butcher deals in meat.
Some stars are hardly visible to the naked eye.
Body and spirit are twins: God only knows which is which.
The flesh is mortal.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
The body converts extra calories into fat.
Physical changes are directly related to aging.
I pulled a muscle.
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
How many colors do you see in the rainbow?
You can see the colors of the spectrum in a rainbow.
The rainbow has seven colors.
The rainbow forms an arc in the sky.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
She seldom, if ever, goes out after dark.
Sunlight brightens the room.
As the days passed, our campaign grew in momentum.
The days are gradually shortening.
The days are becoming shorter.
The weather was getting worse and worse as the day went on.
The sun is up.
The sun having risen, I turned off the light.
The sun is rising.
The east was brightened by the rising sun.
As the sun rose, the stars faded away.
The sun goes down in a wild blaze of color.
The days are drawing in.
The days are getting longer every day.
It grew cold as the sun went down.
By the time the sun sets, we will arrive at the destination.
The sun having set, they left off their work.
The sun having set, we all started for home.
The sun has gone down.
The sun having set, they were still dancing.
I will not hear of you going out alone after dark.
Shinji goes for a walk after dark every day.
It got dark and I was at a loss what to do.
It got dark and I was at loss what to do.
It is getting colder day by day.
It is getting warmer every day.
It got colder day by day.
It is getting warmer day by day.
Because of the drought, the grass has withered.
The spell of drought did severe damage to the harvest.
I'd like to change the date to tomorrow night.
It really depends on when.
The sunshine improved his complexion.
It is getting hotter day by day.
It is getting warmer and warmer day by day.
Day by day he seemed to get better.
I feel cooler standing in the shade, rather than out in the sun.
Japanese flags were flying.
The light became weaker and weaker.
I like reading by daylight.
The Grand Canyon at sunrise was the most impressive sight that I had ever seen.
It can harm your eyes to read in the sun's light.
The day is getting longer and longer.
The sun comes and goes.
The day is short and there's a lot of work.
Please let the blind down.
It is becoming warmer day by day.
Let's take a rest in the shade.
Keep in the shade.
How do I get to your office from Hioka Park?
Her diaries formed the basis of the book she later wrote.
Keeping a diary also gives us a chance to reflect on our daily life.
It is a good habit to keep a diary.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
In order to prevent a further drop of the Japanese currency, the Bank of Japan intervened in the market to support it at around yen to the dollar.
The Bank of Japan lowered its discount rate by half a percentage point Monday, bringing the key lending rate to 4.5%.
The Bank of Japan is considered to have conducted a support buying of an estimated $billion on the Tokyo foreign exchange market.
The Nikkei index jumped dramatically just before closing.
The Nikkei Stock Average lost nearly points to close yesterday at 18,000.
You can get energy from the sunshine.
Sunlight pours into the room through the window.
The sun faded the lettering on the sign.
Sunlight and water are agents that make plants grow.
Sunshine is beneficial to plants.
Sunlight is no less necessary to good health than fresh air.
Nikko is situated about seventy five miles north of Tokyo.
The sunbeam acts upon the skin.
There is the scent of pineapples in the sun.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
Though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
With JAL tickets so expensive, expatriates flew Air Iraq.
We really thank you for your patronage.
The sun was hot and they were tired.
The date has been appointed but the place has not.
Let's set a time and day and have lunch together!
My sunburn has started to blister.
My sunburn hurts.
I have a bad sunburn.
Sunburn irritates the skin.
The drought has done great harm to the crops.
The dry spell continued into September.
The drought may tell on the harvest this year.
The drought did severe damage to the harvest.
The pond dried up in hot weather.
Moderate exercise is good for you.
Moderate exercise is good for your health.
As to his daily life, he is very slovenly.
You should only buy such things as you need for your everyday life.
An eclipse of the sun is a rare appearance.
It's getting warmer day by day.
It's getting cooler day by day.
How about getting the special of the day?
Diplomatic relations have not yet been established between Japan and North Korea.
Write in the date yourself.
It is not easy to commit dates to memory.
Japanese and American interests clashed on this point.
Frictions between Japan and the U.S. are easing up for a change.
We came back to camp before dark.
The beauty of the sunset surpassed description.
We have another ten miles to walk before sunset.
They got to the hotel after dark.
Mt. Fuji is a beautiful sight at sunset.
We went all out to finish the work before dark.
The time will soon come when Japan will distinguish herself in winter sports.
Unless Japan eliminates those barriers, the U.S. will take sanctions.
Unless Japan eliminates those unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
It took a long time for Japanese imports to penetrate the American consumer markets.
Building a tunnel from Japan to China is out of the question.
I come from Japan.
Unless Japan eliminates its unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
The Japan team won the gold medal in the game.
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
I'm looking forward to seeing you again in Japan.
What's the most delicious fruit in Japan?
What is the tallest building in Japan?
Which river is the longest in Japan?
The cost of living in Japan is going down.
The sales in Japan are small in comparison with those in Europe.
What is the average life span in Japan?
In Japan people come of age when they are years old.
In Japan, you are surrounded by beauty.
A 5% consumption tax is levied on most goods and services in Japan.
In Japan, we are paid by the month.
In Japan we do not repeat a year until high school.
Cars keep to the left in Japan.
In Japan people drive on the left.
In Japan, school starts in April.
What others think of a person really matters in Japan.
In Japan, the payroll tax is usually withheld from the monthly salary.
In Japan, people become legally of age at twenty.
In Japan, politicians are more often laughed at than loved in comics.
In Japan, relations between neighbors are apt to be cooler than in USA.
We can drive in Japan when we are eighteen years old.
In Japan children as young as begin violin lessons.
In Japan we have to put a sixty-two yen stamp on a letter.
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
In Japan we have a lot of rain in June.
In Japan, a beautiful city was built as early as the eighth century.
Job hopping was not so common in Japan as in America.
In Japan, bowing is common courtesy.
It is said that golf is very popular in Japan.
Computer supplies are very expensive in Japan.
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
That isn't the case in Japan.
Where did you go to in Japan?
What do you do in Japan?
It's bad manners to eat on trains and buses in Japan.
In Japan almost all roads are single lane.
Rice farming has been developed to a high degree in Japan.
English education flourishes in Japan.
In Japan, you can see the orderly lines at stations.
In Japan, it is very hot in summer.
In Japan people take off their shoes when they enter a house.
You are supposed to take off your shoes when entering a house in Japan.
In Japan the new term begins in April at school.
In Japan the school year begins in April.
In Japan, are nurses high on the social scale?
We make much of the changing of the seasons in Japan.
In Japan wages are usually in proportion to seniority.
The marriage must be reported in a document in Japan.
Many Japanese get married in church.
In Japan, company aims come before personal goals.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
In Japan, all children go to school.
Bicycles keep to the left in Japan.
In Japan you don't pour your own beer; someone else does it for you.
In Japan, we drive on the left side of the road.
In Japan, employment opportunities are significantly lower for women than they are for men.
In Japan, attendance at elementary and junior high school is compulsory.
No other river in Japan is as long as the Shinano.
The new term starts in April in Japan.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
When parents get old in Japan, they are customarily looked after by their children.
In Japan we may criticize the government freely.
Petroleum priced coal out of the energy market in Japan.
The Centigrade scale is used in Japan.
It is known all over the world that, in Japan, students have to take difficult entrance examinations to enter universities.
In Japan, it is proper to bow when you meet someone.
In Japan you can always catch a cab, day or night.
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
The locality does not count for much in Japan.
Along with Tokyo, Osaka is a center of commerce.
In Japan, the rainy season usually begins in June.
No other lake in Japan is as large as Lake Biwa.
No mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
Japan has a surplus of rice, Europe of wine.
There is a chronic oversupply of rice in Japan.
The main diet in Japan is rice.
There is a great market for rice in Japan.
The trains run on time in Japan.
Young and old in Japan celebrate New Year's Day.
Which is the highest mountain in Japan?
What do you think is the most popular sport in Japan?
When you drive in Japan, remember to keep to the left.
Cars made in Japan are used all over the world.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
Japan and the U.S. are the most important trading partner to each other.
Which is larger, Japan or Britain?
Japan and Britain are island countries.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
Japan and the United States became friendly nations.
Japan and China differ from each other in many ways.
About percent of the firms in Japan have acknowledged the necessity of giving their workers longer holidays, and think summer holidays are needed to give their workers both mental and physical refreshment.
I'm very busy back home.
Wage settlements in Japan this year were moderate.
Is this your first time in Japan?
You can't identify silence with agreement when you visit Japan.
I want to make a collect call to Japan.
Can you name any plants peculiar to Japan?
Could I get some temporary treatment because I'll be going back to Japan soon?
What do you think of Japan?
Have you ever read a book written about Japan?
When did you arrive in Japan?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
In Japan, there are a lot of beautiful places.
There are many ancient customs in Japan.
Few Indians live in Japan.
There is little oil in Japan.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
We have four seasons in Japan.
Japan has many distinctive traits.
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
Japan is subject to earthquakes.
Natural resources are not abundant in Japan.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
Are there any beautiful parks in Japan?
No other mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
In Japan it is not customary to tip for good service.
Do you have a similar saying in Japanese?
Have you decided to go to Japan?
I want to send this letter to Japan.
How long have you lived in Japan?
The people who live in Japan must act according to the Japanese country constitution.
As for living in Japan, I have nothing to complain about.
I want to send a parcel to Japan.
During his seven years in Japan, he studied Japanese in earnest.
It is ten years since he came to Japan.
Do you have any sales distributors in Japan?
Have you ever been to Japan?
Japanese shogi corresponds to chess.
There is usually good weather in November throughout Japan.
Japan's exports to the entire world topped $billion in 1998.
Japan's gold and foreign exchange reserves stood at $68.billion at the end of 1998, down from $77.billion a year earlier.
Japan's ODA largely consists of concessionary yen credit repayable in years, carrying an interest rate of 2% or so.
The curry they serve in Japan is milder than real Indian curry. They adapt it to Japanese tastes.
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in haiku.
The bursting of Japan's so-called bubble economy sent shockwaves through international markets.
They are Japanese sumo wrestlers.
Japanese cameras, cars, and hi-fi equipment are used widely abroad, and few modern industries can manage without advanced electronic equipment developed in Japan.
At last, spring has come to this part of Japan.
Where in Japan did you grow up?
No mountain in Japan is so high as Mt. Fuji.
No city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
He has many foreign stamps, not to mention Japanese ones.
Do you have any Japanese beer?
In Japan it is less expensive to stay in a Business hotel.
Japanese businessmen are calling for a level playing field.
No other city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
The number of murders is increasing even in a country like Japan.
Golf is a waste of land in such a small country as Japan.
Japan's changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
How many medals did the Japanese athletes collect?
The Japanese yen is a stable currency.
The Japanese yen appreciated.
In Japan the ceilings are quite low for foreigners.
Most Japanese houses are built of wood.
The Japanese onsen is a nice place for skinny-dipping.
Are you interested in Japanese music?
You must remove your shoes when you enter a Japanese house.
Remove your shoes in a Japanese house.
Japanese houses are small.
Japanese houses are built of wood and they catch fire easily.
I'd like to call my parents.
I know that Japanese songs are very difficult for us.
No other singer in Japan is as popular as she.
Such telling effects of contrast as Japanese artists produce by use of empty space.
Japan's fiscal year runs from April till March in the following year.
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Japan's foreign aid is decreasing in part because of an economic slowdown at home.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
While the Japanese school teaches almost the same subjects that I study in America, five differences stood out for me.
Some Japanese college students, as is often the case with them, don't study very much.
I think that Japanese students are very good at gathering knowledge.
Japanese corporations are slashing their capital spending programs.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Japanese companies emphasize hierarchy.
Corporate results in Japan have improved.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of England.
The climate of Japan is not like that of England.
The climate of Japan is milder than that of India.
How do you like the climate of Japan?
The climate of Japan is mild.
As a whole the climate of Japan is mild.
In Japan beef has a high degree of marbled fat.
Japan's competitiveness is very strong in industrial products, but weak in agricultural products.
What do you think about Japan's educational system?
The educational system in Japan was influenced by that in the USA.
They exchanged Japanese money for American.
Japan's army was very powerful.
The Japanese economic system is about to change.
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
The economy of Japan has grown enormously.
The economy of Japan is still stable.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
In order to get some information about Japanese economic problems, you'll find this book very useful.
Japan surpasses China in economic power.
The Japanese public bathhouse was once used as a center of social life in one's neighborhood.
A high household savings rate in Japan is attributed, among other things, to people's desire to save money to buy a home.
Japanese high school students go to school weeks a year.
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ryoutarou Hashimoto as the country's 52nd prime minister.
Japan's balance of payments has been running a huge surplus for many years.
The Japanese national power is still developing.
Mt. Fuji, the highest mountain in Japan, is 3,meters high.
We would like to report about the latest trends in Japan.
The Japanese fiscal authorities are weighing measures to restore public confidence in their economic management.
Japan's foreign direct investment reached $billion last year.
The cherry blossom is to Japan what the rose is to England.
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
Japanese industries export various products to America.
Japanese industry has made great advances since the war.
A Japanese child is a member of a group even while sleeping.
Japanese children watch television more than English children.
Criticisms that Japan's market is closed are just sour grapes.
Japan's money power has a global reach now.
Japanese automakers are investing heavily in new plant and equipment.
Japan's inflation-adjusted GNP growth rate was 5%.
New models of Japanese cars usually come out in the spring.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz.
The young men of Japan are apt to jump on the bandwagon.
Some Japanese wives are content to leave their husbands alone.
The main islands of Japan are Hokkaido, Shikoku, Honshu and Kyushu.
The main crop of Japan is rice.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
In Japan women assume the greater load of responsibility for childcare.
Japanese women tend to look tiny and delicate.
Japanese women carry their babies on their backs.
Japanese women get married at on average.
Japanese women marry at on average. It is no mystery that the birthrate is declining.
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
The prospects for Japan's future look dismal.
I worry more about you than the future of Japan.
Japanese consumers are watching closely the U.S. government's efforts to make Japan dismantle various restrictions on imports of foreign goods into the country.
Do you have any Japanese foods?
Japan's national budget for a new fiscal year is normally compiled in December.
Do you have any Japanese newspapers?
If someone wants the ceremony to be held in accordance with Japanese Shinto ritual, then that is possible at this church.
This is a Japanese doll.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
The population of Japan is less than America.
Japan's population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
What is the population of Japan?
The population of Japan is one-eighth as that of China.
The population of Japan is about million.
Politicians in Japan sometimes get away with doing illegal things.
Japan's import of manufactured goods has increased considerably.
Japan is a famous come-back story after Would War II.
Do you know the total population of Japan?
Many rivers in Japan are polluted by waste water from factories.
Many young Japanese people are drifting aimlessly in life.
It is often said that Japanese universities are difficult to enter, but easy to graduate from.
Japanese men still like baseball better than soccer.
Land prices are sky-high in Japan.
The Japanese currency has appreciated against the U.S. dollar by more than 25% over the past year.
A Japanese garden usually has a pond in it.
The railroad system in Japan is said to be wonderful.
The climate of Japan is as warm as that of China.
The Japanese telephone system is highly efficient.
There are no easy answers to the land problem in Japan.
I'm from Tokyo, Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
In feudal Japan, the lord with the largest land holdings was called a "daimyo."
Prices have risen in Japan and Tokyo is very expensive to live in.
Japan's consumption of rice is decreasing.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
Japan's dependence on foreign trade is not necessarily very high as a percentage of GNP.
Japan's trade surplus soared to a record high.
The people who live in the north of Japan enjoy skiing in the winter in the snow.
Japanese comics have boomed on a large scale.
Japan's problem has been that she has continued to view international relations as an extension of her hierarchical interpersonal relations at home.
Can I call my friend in Japan?
Japanese parents are not keen to talk about their own children.
Which one of Japan's historical characters do you identify yourself with?
Japan is, as it were, his second home.
Japan is a service economy, in which services account for more than 50% of the GNP.
Japan is abundant in water and people.
Japan trades with lots of countries in the world.
Japan plays a key role in the world economy.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan was the world's largest donor of ODA in 1991.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Japan consists of four main islands and many other smaller islands.
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
Japan is very different from what it was fifty years ago.
Japan is in East Asia.
Japan began to import rice from the United States.
Japan is doing a lot of trade with the U.S.
Japan is the largest importer of U.S. farm products.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
How do you like Japan?
Japan does a lot of trade with Britain.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
Japan is lacking in raw materials.
Japan is ahead of other advanced countries in electronics.
Japan has been one of the greatest beneficiaries of the free trade system under the GATT regime.
Japan does a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan has a lot of trade with Canada.
Japan is not as large as Canada.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Japan imports oranges from California.
Japan will soon start to engage in the exploration of the universe.
Japan can thus make a contribution in the fields of culture and education.
That is not the case in Japan.
Japan feels it got shafted in the negotiations.
Japan recognized the new government of that country.
Japan is at peace with her neighbors.
Japan has a lot of beautiful mountains.
What will become of Japan?
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
Japan may appear to be peaceful and tranquil on the surface but the fact is that there are a lot of deep-rooted problems.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
Japan has a mild climate.
What is Japan noted for?
Japan is hot and sticky in summer.
Japan is made up of volcanic islands.
Japan is surrounded by sea.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
Japan guaranteed a billion yen aid package to developing countries.
Japan has been urged to alter her diplomatic policies.
Japan is unique among the Asian countries in having modernized completely.
Japan is a mighty nation.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japan came under American pressure to open its financial market.
Japan is famous for her scenic beauty.
Japan has to reconstruct its economy.
Japan has economically become a powerful nation.
Japan has to import most of its raw materials.
Japan depends on overseas countries for the supply of raw cotton.
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
Japan will need more labor to cope with its declining birthrate.
Japan has undergone a drastic change as a result of industrialization.
Japan is an industrial nation.
Japan is trying to cope with the aging of its population.
Japan is expected to play a greater role in international society.
Japan seceded from the League of Nations in 1933.
Japan stood with the United States at the U. N. Assembly.
Japan is still struggling to emerge from recession.
Japan has produced more cars than ever this year.
Japan achieved a real GNP growth of 5% last year.
Japan is an industrial country.
Japan consists of four main islands.
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is an island country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Japan is bounded by water on every side.
Japan consumes a lot of paper.
Though it is poor in natural resources, Japan has become an economic superpower thanks to international trade.
Japan has developed her economic growth.
Japan has been received into the family of free nations.
Japan must depend on foreign trade to make ends meet.
Japan is not what it was years ago.
Japan depends on the Middle East for 70% of oil it consumes.
Japan has a high population density.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
It is said that Japan is the greatest economic power in the world.
Since Japan is the second greatest economic power in the world, many nations want to learn from her.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Japan plays an important role in promoting world peace.
Japan is one of the greatest economic powers in the world.
Japan needed contact with the Western countries.
Don't you think that the taxes are too heavy in Japan?
Japan was hard up for oil.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan has enjoyed prosperity since the war.
Japan achieved a remarkable development in industrial technology after the war.
Japan should be kind to other countries.
Japan trades with many foreign countries.
Japan will get it from many countries.
Japan exports a great number of cars to foreign countries.
Japan imports a large quantity of oil.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live in.
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard-working company employees in big cities.
Japan used to trade silk in large quantities.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Japan is greatly famous for earthquakes.
Japan imports raw materials from China and exports finished products to it.
Japan has diplomatic relations with China.
Japan is to the east of China.
Japan has long been favored by a business boom.
Japan is the best country under the sun.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
Japan is not abundant in natural resources.
Japan is an island country.
Japan is an island country, and it consists of four main islands.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Japan faces the Pacific on the east.
Japan is a very long country from north to south.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
Japan is very subject to earthquakes.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Japan imports most of the energy resources it needs.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
Japan should not spend much money on weapons.
Japan has much trade with the USA.
Japan does a lot of trade with the United States.
Japan maintains friendly relations with the United States.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan depends on foreign trade.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
Japan claims the Northern Territories for its own.
Japan has become a powerful nation.
There came to Japan a foreigner.
I'd like to make a collect call to Japan.
Manufactured imports into Japan have increased considerably.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
I have come to Japan not to teach but to write.
Welcome to Japan.
I'd like to make a call to Japan.
I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Japan.
I'd like to send this parcel to Japan by sea.
I'd like to send a cable to Japan.
There is no other country in the world where earthquakes are as frequent as in Japan.
There is no other country where books are read by so many people and can be bought so cheaply as in Japan.
In Japan, also, deindustrialization is happening.
It has been ten years since I left Japan.
Every foreigner who visits Japan says that prices here are too high.
Please change this Japanese yen to U.S. dollars.
The Japan Sea separates Japan from the Asian Continent.
Management practices at Japanese corporations are often very different from those at foreign companies.
Japanese companies have set up factories on every continent, and Japanese banks help finance many of the world's major economic programs.
The Japanese economy developed rapidly.
What will happen to the Japanese economy?
The Japanese economy was in an unprecedented boom at that time.
The Japanese economy is in depression.
The Japanese economy continued to grow by more than 5% annually.
The Japanese economy recorded more than months of continuous expansion.
Your Japanese is good.
You know some Japanese.
Can I talk to someone who speaks Japanese?
How do you say "thank you" in Japanese?
Can you make yourself understood in Japanese?
What is the first novel that was written in Japanese?
Don't speak in Japanese.
The Japanese language has honorific expressions.
We cannot find an English equivalent for the Japanese 'giri'.
Do you have any museum guides in Japanese?
Can I hire a guide who speaks Japanese?
The difficulties of the Japanese language prevent all but a handful of foreigners from approaching the literature in the original.
Do you have Japanese newspapers?
Could you bring me a Japanese newspaper?
Could I get a Japanese newspaper, please?
May I have an application form in Japanese?
What is difficult about Japanese is how characters are used in its writing system.
How can I contact a Japanese-speaking doctor?
Do you have any employees who speak Japanese?
Do you know any doctors who speak Japanese?
Call someone who speaks Japanese, please.
Japanese is not used in this country.
It is hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Japanese is our mother tongue.
Japanese has something in common with Korean.
People often say that Japanese is a difficult language.
What do you think of Japanese?
Having studied Japanese, Jenny had no trouble in Japan.
Many foreigners come to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
Is there a Japanese-speaking stewardess?
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
What is the hard part of learning Japanese?
Where is the boarding gate for Japan Airlines 124?
Where is the Japan Airlines counter?
The university paid my way to Japan.
Have you ever read the Constitution of Japan?
The Japanese people have renounced war.
Some students are not interested in Japanese history.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
We went to the museum to study Japanese history.
The prices of Japanese automobiles are still comparatively high.
Japanese cars sell well overseas.
Whenever I drink sake, I get a headache.
Japanese women are believed to be very clever with their hands.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
Have you got used to eating Japanese food yet?
Do you like Japanese food?
There are some reasons why the Japanese find it hard to act unlike others.
What makes the Japanese unique is primarily their belief that they are unique.
Americans appear unsettled and uncontrolled to Japanese.
Japanese speakers of English often have difficulty in dealing with informal conversation, such as at parties or in small informal groups.
It is difficult for Japanese people to speak English fluently.
As the Japanese like baseball, so the Americans like football.
Are you a Japanese citizen?
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
Few Japanese can use English well.
One of the important differences between Japanese and Americans is that Japanese tend to choose a safe course in life, while Americans choose to explore and challenge life.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
A Japanese would not have said such a thing.
To Japanese, an American baby sleeping by himself seems lonely.
There is a tendency for Japanese to want to know a certain amount of personal information about someone such as age, position and whether they are married or not, before they feel comfortable talking with a stranger.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
It is the particular environment that has shaped the Japanese mentality.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
Some Japanese may continue to sleep with both parents even during elementary school days.
Some Japanese are concerned about how their country looks in the eyes of foreigners.
Some Japanese are shy even to the point of appearing rude.
Half of the Japanese people lead stressful lives.
The average life span of the Japanese has lengthened to a great extent.
What do you think are the racial traits of the Japanese?
During O-bon, Japanese people believe they receive a visit from an ancestor.
The Japanese tend to identify themselves with the group they belong to.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
Japanese are not so particular about religion.
Japanese should not forget that America is a multiracial nation.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
The Japanese eat more beef than the British do.
The Japanese make a group and tend to act together.
The Japanese have tried to learn the Western way of thinking and feeling for the past hundred years.
Japanese people tend to think that way.
The Japanese are often criticized for being inward looking and insufficiently international in their outlook.
The Japanese are not punctual compared with the Europeans.
We often hear it said that Japanese are good workers.
The Japanese are an industrious people.
The Japanese used to live mainly on rice.
The Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
The Japanese are generally considered to be very industrious.
The Japanese pride themselves on Mt. Fuji, a cone-shaped mountain.
The Japanese are not punctual as a rule.
The Japanese are too sensitive about feelings.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to communicate.
Japanese people tend to rely on established authority.
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
The Japanese pay more attention to the group or the organization than to the individual.
The Japanese live in harmony with nature.
The Japanese hesitate to regard themselves as being as rich as they are said to be.
The Japanese are not well trained, so far as social life is concerned.
The Japanese live mainly on rice.
The Japanese like to travel in groups.
Japanese seem to prefer picking a marriage partner as much like themselves as possible, finding a job that provides security and slow but steady advancement, and putting money in the bank.
Japanese love to soak in a hot tub before bed.
The Japanese are highly receptive to new ideas.
The Japanese are as hardworking as any people in the world.
The Japanese are a very clean people.
The Japanese as a whole are a rice-eating nation.
Some people say that the Japanese are a race apart.
Japanese differ from Americans in many respects.
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
The Japanese have a lot in common with the Chinese.
The Japanese enjoy the songs of birds and insects.
The Japanese do not always make a bow as a mark of respect.
The Japanese take off their shoes when they enter a house.
The Japanese used to live on rice and fish.
The Japanese live on rice.
We often hear it said that Japanese people are conservative.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
The Japanese are a brave people.
The Japanese are most polite when dealing with friends.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
Japanese eat more than just Japanese cuisine.
Japanese and British people usually wait at a bus stop in a queue.
Japanese, be talkative!
Japanese students seem not merely to be extremely reserved, but to have at times almost a complete reluctance to speak.
A Japanese businessman bought the artwork for million yen.
The idea that Japanese women are submissive and always obedient to their husbands is a lie.
Sixty percent of Japanese adult males drink alcoholic beverages on a regular basis.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
The Japanese government takes a neutral attitude on the matter.
The Japanese government made an important decision.
The Japanese government will take measures to counter depression.
Tokyo seems to have got the message from Washington.
I have a watch of Japanese make, which keeps very good time.
Look at the car made in Japan.
A network of railroads spreads all over Japan.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
Open your atlas of Japan to page 3.
All Japan is excited.
It is fun to know that the beauty of Japanese gardens can't be found in other cultures.
Our smile, which is understandable in the context of Japanese culture, sometimes causes a lot of confusion and is notorious among foreign people as a mysterious smile.
To understand Japanese culture to the full, you should learn the language.
Japanese literature, in spite of its beauty and riches, is as yet inadequately known in the West.
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
Japanese food terms are difficult to render into other languages.
Do you like Japanese dishes?
Is this the first time for you to have Japanese food?
What do you think of Japanese food?
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Let me take you to a Japanese restaurant.
As it is Sunday, I have no work to do.
On Sunday, we would get up early go fishing.
On Sunday, I go to church.
He would often go fishing on Sunday.
Let's meet on Sunday.
Do you have anything particular to do on Sunday?
Do you deliver on Sundays?
I usually go shopping on Sunday afternoon.
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
Sunday is followed by Monday.
It seems like years since Sunday morning.
Are they open on Sunday?
Sunday is the day when people go to church.
Is Sunday the first day of the week?
It has been raining since Sunday.
Sunday is the first day of the week.
It's Sunday. He can't have gone to school.
It being Sunday, the supermarket was very crowded.
It being Sunday, the shops were not open.
It being Sunday, the park was crowded.
It being Sunday, I didn't get up early.
It being Sunday, I got up late in the morning.
Since Sunday, the shop has been closed.
Is it open on Sunday?
It being Sunday, we have no classes today.
On Sunday, I play tennis with Emi.
I'll call on you on Sunday.
Would you like to play tennis on Sunday?
On Sundays, we would get up early and go fishing.
I often play tennis on Sunday.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
I do the laundry on Sundays.
She used to play tennis on Sunday.
What do you do on Sundays?
We'll meet on Sunday.
You don't have to work on Sundays.
Let's get together on Sunday.
I worked on Sunday, so I had Monday off.
I hope the weather will clear up on Sunday.
We are against working on Sundays.
The Fukuoka Marathon was held on Sunday.
I'll come and see you at 3:p.m. on Sunday.
It was a Sunday afternoon and the town was bristling with people.
Monday follows Sunday.
Some people go to church on Sunday morning.
Can you come on Sunday evening?
He did not work on Sunday night.
I'm not always home on Sundays.
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.
I don't receive on Sundays.
We always take it easy on Sundays.
What do you like to do on Sundays?
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
I stay at home on Sundays.
Sunday is the day when I am least busy.
Sunday is the day when I am busiest.
Sunday is when I spend my time reading.
Sunday is not an ordinary day to me.
Sunday is the last day of the week.
There is no harm in you sleeping late on Sunday.
Sunday comes after Saturday.
We abbreviate Sunday to Sun.
Is there postal service on Sunday?
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday.
I'd like to extend my stay through Sunday.
I usually get up at seven and go to bed at eleven except on Sundays.
Daily commodities increased in price.
What floor is the daily goods department on?
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
We saw cows grazing in the meadow.
A dairy cow is a useful animal.
His permanent tooth is coming in behind his baby tooth.
An adult tooth came in right next to a baby tooth.
I have a discharge from my nipple.
The baby sleeping in the baby carriage is as cute as an angel.
My breasts are tender.
I have a lump in my breast.
They were pieces of paper, cut in the size of bills.
Either come in or go out.
The instant he came in, he fell down.
You may not come in.
It's occupied.
Might I come in?
The newest staff members get all the donkey work when they're at the bottom of the ladder.
"You'd better come in," the man said.
We are supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
Please hand in the papers at the entrance.
I think that it would be inconvenient to live in a city with no door.
The door opens to the road.
I spend money as soon as I get it.
You should have knocked before you came in.
Please knock on the door before you enter.
I never thought they would accept me.
Am I going to have a false tooth or a crown?
You had better enter the hospital.
Nobody ever came to see me in the hospital.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Do I have to be hospitalized?
Where is the admission's office?
The hospital patient dropped off shortly after the doctor injected him with anesthesia.
You should stay in the hospital for treatment.
I'd like to get information about your hospital fee.
Admission will be allotted in order of application.
Mail your application for admission directly to the school office.
Our entrance examination was near at hand.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
I will make every effort to pass the entrance examination.
All you have to do is to read this book to pass the entrance examination.
Are you going to take the entrance examination?
The entrance ceremony will be held at o'clock.
Please tell me how to fill out the disembarkation card.
I get nervous at immigration.
I suggest that we hold off on making a decision until all bids are in.
Make a student cram for the entrance examination.
The reform of both entrance examination system and curriculum makes slow progress.
What time does the club open?
Free Admission.
How much is the entrance fee?
What's the admission fee?
Admission was free.
Admission charges aggregated $2500.
The settlers subsisted on bread and water.
I will lend you as much money as you want.
May I take a bath?
A squirrel is taking a bath in the pond.
I have difficulty urinating.
My urine is a little red.
Something like pus comes out when I pass urine.
Let's do a urine analysis.
My urine is pink.
My urine is cloudy.
My urine is clear.
I urinate very little.
I urinate a tremendous amount at a time.
Trust me!
I'm four months pregnant.
I'm expecting.
Let's do a pregnancy test.
How far along are you?
I'd like to get a pregnancy test.
I got a pregnancy test.
Are you pregnant?
I had toxemia during my pregnancy.
By love alone is enmity allayed.
Let's make believe we are ninja.
Nobody is able to succeed without endurance.
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.
Patience is a rare virtue these days.
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
Perseverance is, among other things, necessary for success.
Perseverance, it is often said, is the key to success.
Mastering facts patiently is far more necessary for them than learning expressive and critical skills.
I have no patience.
Let's over the matter before accepting it.
Wet clothes cling to the body.
Take off your wet clothes.
I don't mind if I get wet.
I stood under a tree to avoid getting wet.
I was falsely accused.
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
A cat is lying on the sofa.
A cat ran after a mouse.
Seems like the cat had gotten wind of a rat.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
The cat ran right in front of the bus and was run over.
You are a wolf in sheep's clothing.
A cat lay at full length on the roof.
The cat crept under the hedge.
The cat was curled up asleep.
The primary means of communication for cats is body language.
When the cat's away, the mice do play.
Some people like cats, and others prefer dogs.
Some people like cats, others prefer dogs.
She has been unhappy since her cat died.
The cat dug its claws into my hand.
I can hear a cat scratching at the window.
A cat was sharpening its claws against a post.
A cat is lying in the sun.
A cat dashed out of the room.
Even a cat may look at a king.
Setting a wolf to guard the sheep.
I was scratched by a cat.
A cat has nine lives.
Cast pearls before swine.
Don't throw a stone at a cat.
How many hairs are there in a cat's tail?
Yesterday, I found a tiny piece of land for sale in a quiet residential area and I immediately decided to buy it.
We are so busy we'll take any help we can get.
We are very busy and short-handed.
The tongue of a cat feels rough.
Why do cats' eyes shine in the dark?
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.
The cat prefers fish to meat.
The cat started to scratch the carpet.
The cat retracted its claws.
The cat slept on the table.
Cats are very clean animals.
Cats are related to tigers.
Cats like fish in particular.
The cat continued to mew.
Cats go "meow, meow."
Cats dislike being wet.
The cat ran after the rat.
The cat chased the mouse, but couldn't catch it.
The cat caught the rats.
Mary asked if the cat had drunk all of the milk.
Cats have the ability to see in the dark.
I realized that cats can see in the dark.
A cat can see in the dark.
A cat jumped onto the chair and lay motionless.
The cat is sleeping on the chair.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
It is said that cats can change shape.
The cat jumped in surprise.
The cat hid among the branches.
The cat scratched my hand.
Cats show emotional habits parallel to those of their owners.
Cats are often run over by moving vehicles.
The cat crept toward the bird.
Cats have a dread of water.
The cat was playing with a live mouse.
The cat got through the hedge.
The cat was licking its paws.
The cat made off with a piece of fish from the kitchen.
The cat sprang at the bird.
Cats like playing in the sun.
The cat was basking in the sun.
The cat arched its back.
Cats arch their backs.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
The cat began to tear at the mouse it caught.
The cat lay hidden in the bushes.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
The cat ran up the tree.
A cat can see much better at night.
Cats are active at night.
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
Anybody and everybody wants to go abroad.
He is hiding his claws.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close one!"
There's more ways than one to kill a cat.
Don't pick up the cat.
I'd like to have some hot chocolate.
Hot soup burned her tongue.
During hot weather, be sure to drink lots of water.
We cannot walk on the hot sand with bare feet.
The hot bath relaxed her.
I refreshed myself with a hot bath.
I've just had a hot bath, so I feel much better.
A hot bath and then bed.
The hot bath relaxed my muscles.
Have you any fever?
I'm really out of it today. It must be because of my fever.
As you have a fever, you'd better stay home.
I have a fever and I ache all over.
Fever indicates sickness.
I have a fever.
Heat will break this chemical down into harmless gases.
The fever has abated.
My fever won't go away.
The fever has risen.
Soon hot, soon cold.
The patient was hot with fever.
Heat turns ice into water.
Any fever?
I have no fever.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat expands most things.
Has the fever gone down?
Heat turns water into steam.
Heat changes ice into water.
Have you taken your temperature?
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Don't you wish to make a flight in a hot air balloon?
A frenzied feasting tells of the beginning.
The eager spectators crowded into the stadium.
Passion is one of her characteristics.
By dint of hard work he succeeded at last.
They were all ears for the news.
Running hard is important for you.
Application to his studies brought him excellent results in the final examination.
They felt weary after their hard work.
Study hard, or you will fail in the exam.
If you study hard, you will become a good student.
They say that in tropical countries people usually marry in their teens.
The tropical sun glared down relentlessly.
It's a tragedy that rainforests are being destroyed for the sake of profits.
Tropical rainforests are a cause for concern.
The destruction of the rainforests affects our environment.
Tropical rainforests produce oxygen and consume carbon dioxide.
The rainforests are disappearing at the rate of tens of thousands of hectares a day.
Rainforests should be preserved.
Rainforests provide the earth with many benefits.
Hot water burst out.
I burned myself with boiling water.
Miki fell passionately in love with someone she just met.
He looks young considering his age.
Year followed year...
Age diminished his strength.
Her hair became gray with the years.
Your age is beginning to tell.
His age is beginning to tell on him.
He is in good health in spite of his age.
Act your age.
We are not able to put a young boy in prison.
He looks very vigorous, considering his age.
Maybe it's his age but his opinions seem a little more grounded in experience than everyone else's.
I want to age gracefully.
Don't make fun of old people.
Now I'm older, I see things differently.
We should be considerate to the old.
Aged people like to keep the world the way it is. On the other hand young people love to change the world.
There's no fool like an old fool.
In later years, I confess that I do not envy the white boy as I once did.
Old and crippled, he had courage enough to do the work.
No one is so old but he can learn.
She became more and more beautiful as she grew older.
As I grew older, my health declined.
The older we grow, the less innocent we become.
As we grow older, our memory becomes weaker.
The older we grow the less innocent we become.
The older you grow, the more you tend to adhere to fixed ideas.
The older we get, the weaker our memory becomes.
Old age has undermined her memory.
I wish to revisit England before I get too old.
As you get older you start to feel that health is everything.
They'll be more sensitive to the cold as they grow older.
The older you are, the more difficult it is to learn a language.
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.
The older you get, the less sleep you need.
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.
New Year's cards provide us with the opportunity to hear from friends and relatives.
Writing new year's cards is a Japanese institution.
How much is the annual membership fee?
An individual with an annual income of more than million yen is required to file his or her final tax return in March.
Old men are apt to forget.
The old must be respected.
Once a man, twice a child.
She's a widow and a pensioner, and faces many hardships.
It is the case that those who live on a pension are forced to lead a hard life.
The years pass by quickly.
Years passed.
I don't want to use aging as an excuse to go soft in the middle.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
My annual income approximates fifteen million yen, I suppose.
The older ones do not always know more than the younger ones.
You must not take liberties with older people.
Respect is due to older people.
The older boys are always playing tricks on him.
The elder sons are now quite independent of their father.
From year to year, pollution is worsening.
From year to year, pollution problems are becoming more and more serious.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
As is often the case with old people, my grandfather keeps early hours.
Older people still remember the Kennedy assassination.
Older people are often afraid of trying new things.
From year to year they were growing poorer.
We become very shorthanded at the end of the year.
We shall go on reading this book until the end of the year.
I will have obtained a driver's license by the end of the year.
We must complete the bond by the end of this year.
There is no easy cure-all for old economic ills.
When annualized, the quarterly gain represents a 4% growth.
Every person will be admitted regardless of his or her age.
Age discrimination is illegal and retirement is mandatory in only a few occupations.
Regardless of age, everybody can apply for it.
I am eighteen years old.
We cannot ask anything about age or physical problems.
People of all ages like this song.
Try to act your age.
Her age qualifies her for the job.
Old Mr Smith is saving as much money as he can.
You must think of your old parents at home.
The old man leaned forward and asked his wife with a soft voice.
You must think of your old parents.
Have something to eat just in case.
Enclosed is a copy of the bank transfer receipt.
Let's take an X-ray just in case.
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
I repeat it by way of caution.
The firemen's face was grim when he came out of the burning house.
It was brave of you to go into the burning house.
There was a shortage of fuel.
There's a fuel shortage even in the Tokyo area.
Petroleum was replacing coal as fuel.
Fuel economy is a big advantage of this car.
The fuel shortage awoke the country to the need for developing atomic energy.
I have mucous in my stool.
Laughing troubles away is characteristic of him.
There is no profit in worrying.
I like weak coffee better than strong.
Strong coffee kept her awake all night.
The dense fog made the building invisible.
A thick fog delayed our flight.
The thick fog prevented the plane from taking off.
The thick fog blotted out everything.
Dense bushes concealed him.
In addition to a thick fog, there was a heavy swell.
Our plane couldn't land on account of the dense fog.
The heavy fog made it impossible for us to see anything in front of us.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
The freight train was held up about half an hour because of a dense fog.
Not a soul was to be seen because of a dense fog.
It is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog.
The fog soon blurred out the figure of a man walking in front of him.
Don't keep the bicycle in the barn.
Don't keep the car in the barn.
On entering the barn, he found a missing bike.
The barn door had been carelessly left unlatched.
Taxpayers are angry about wasteful government spending.
Each taxpayer has the right to know where his money goes.
Natto reminds me of a bad experience.
"Natto" smells awful but tastes terrific.
Natto smells awful but tastes delicious.
Although natto smells awful, it is delicious.
Natto is sticky.
What a pain!
Noh is a traditional Japanese art.
Ability alone is not enough.
Ability is the only factor considered in promoting employees.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is so successful.
Our brains control our activities.
I had a cerebral contusion.
The structure of the brain is complicated.
The brain was not like the liver or the lungs.
While a brain operation is being performed, both doctors and nurses must handle the patient with kid gloves and yet with all speed practical.
I'll take your EEG.
The farm includes acres.
The farm abuts on the road.
"I want to be a farmer," said Pip.
The farmer liked to keep them busy.
The farmer looked at Tony, "How old are you, boy?" he asked.
The farm owner has a large farm.
The stable is right behind the farm house.
Would you like to be a farm boy?
Farmers sow grain seeds in spring.
The farmers are forced to produce the crops in the greenhouse.
Farmers turn up the soil with plows.
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of wheat on the road.
Fertile soil is indispensable for agriculture.
Agriculture is economy of the country.
What about farming?
Agriculture is defined as the cultivation of soil for growing crops.
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.
Thanks to the development of agricultural science, world food production has managed to keep up with population growth - but only at the expense of the future.
Farmhouses have barns.
The crops are up to the average.
There is a man working on the farm.
Some farmers are working on the farm.
The farm is three miles beyond the river.
The farmer plowed his field all day.
The transition from farm life to city life is often difficult.
The farmer is scattering seeds over the field.
The farmers complained that because of the dry weather there would be a poor harvest of winter grain.
Farmers store vegetables for the winter.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
The farmer pitched the hay onto the wagon.
The farmer was patient with the unruly horse.
The farmer plants the corn in the spring.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farmers cultivate the soil.
Farmers work hard in the winter, too.
The peasants were planting rice.
The farmers were scattering seed on the fields.
The peasant scattered the seeds of grain.
The farmers didn't know what to do.
Farmers are always at the mercy of the weather.
Farmers separate good apples from bad ones.
Farmers often moonlight to supplement their incomes.
Farmers are still sitting on the fence over which candidate to back.
Farmers produce crops.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
Farmers rebelled against the government.
Farmers made a lucky strike on estates.
The waves swallowed up the boat.
Waves were battering the shore.
The waves dashed against the rocks.
The waves washed upon the rocks.
The waves dashed against the seawall.
The waves are high.
Waves are beating the shore.
The waves are rising.
Tears are a child's weapon.
The waves carried me off my feet.
Nothing was to be heard except the sound of the waves.
The waves are subsiding.
Waves are breaking against the rocks.
The waves sprayed the rocks with water.
The waves dashed the shore.
The sea was white with foam.
Wave after wave surged upon the beach.
A stormy life? It's fine to watch that kind of thing on TV but I wouldn't actually want to live it.
I fell down really hard and got a black bruise on my knee.
Factional in-fighting threw a monkey wrench into the deliberations.
It has been estimated that, as a result of the destruction, fifty species of wildlife are disappearing from the earth each day.
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
My water broke.
Wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction.
An unscrupulous person would sell even his own mother down the river.
Basho was the greatest poet.
A whale is no less a mammal than a horse.
Not every horse can run fast.
Get down from your horse.
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly.
The horse rose on its hind legs.
I saw a horse galloping toward me.
A horse is very useful.
If you mate a horse with an ass you will get a mule.
Get on a horse.
Have you ever ridden a horse?
I'll try to jump over this stream on a horse.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
There was nothing for me to do but mount the horse.
Riding a horse is great fun.
Before getting on a horse, you usually put a saddle on its back.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
I rode around the country on horseback.
The horse snorted impatiently.
The horse would not move.
A horse can run very fast.
The horse is a very useful animal.
Horses are distinct from donkeys.
The horse is a domestic animal.
A horse is a friendly animal.
A horse can run faster than a man can.
A horse runs quickly.
A horse is an animal.
The horse jumped the gate.
The horse ran through the fields.
Horses are useful animals.
The horse is a useful animal.
Tie the horse to that tree.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
Nonsense!
Silly me! I've taken someone else's umbrella by mistake.
You boob! I should not have asked you.
This is ridiculous!
Don't be silly.
Come on, don't be silly.
Stop making a fool of yourself.
A foolish idea came into my mind.
Don't have me on!
No medicine can cure folly.
He that knows little often repeats it.
Is that all you can talk about - the Internet?
This is silly!
A fool, when he is silent, is counted to be wise.
I'm putting my ass in a sling for you.
The horse and buggy is now definitely out of date.
Look at that knight on the horse.
Haiku are closely related to the seasons of the year.
Actors, artists, musicians, and writers may use many forms including spoken and written words, actions, colors and sounds.
The actors appeared in historical costumes.
Actors are used to appearing in public.
The actors are waiting on the stage.
Wastes have polluted portions of our water.
The ruined castle is now under restoration.
The town in ruins, burning, people and children being killed.
I have pain when urinating.
I have pain toward the end of urination.
I have a urinary problem.
I bleed when I have bowel movements.
I don't ovulate.
I'm taking a fertility drug.
The defeat didn't dampen his spirits.
It is not for the vanquished to talk of war.
The losers received a "prize" too: They were beaten up by the winning team!
Rumors of defeat were abroad.
The defeated army retreated from the country.
Defeat and failure make people too humble.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Not being tall is not a serious disadvantage in life.
Being short is a disadvantage to a volleyball player.
I have to eat, too.
A tall woman came along.
A tall boy is standing at the gate.
A tall man went off from there in a hurry.
The tall man came out of the house.
A tall man came up to me.
At the moment she saw a tall man with a gun standing in the doorway, she instinctively backed away.
A tall man intruded into my apartment with a gun.
That seat reclines further.
Straighten up.
Carry your head high.
The police say there's someone pulling string behind the scenes.
She twists around at a voice behind.
The man was of normal height.
He fought a last-ditch battle.
My back still hurts.
A sore back hindered me from playing tennis.
I feel a pain in the back.
I was kicked in the back.
Please wash my back.
Uniform number No. is his younger brother.
It may cause lung cancer, too.
There is a connection between smoking and lung cancer.
It took me a long time to recover from pneumonia.
Pneumonia causes difficulty in breathing.
I had an artificial insemination with sperm from my husband.
I built the kit taking care not to make mistakes in the wiring.
Do you charge for delivery?
As I checked your delivery that I received, I found it included a T-shirt which I did not order.
Can you deliver this?
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
We have two deliveries every day.
The mailman left a letter for her.
I'll pay double the price.
Plum blossoms come out in March.
The plum blossoms are at their best this week.
It is our rainy season.
I wonder when the rainy season will end.
When will the rainy season be over?
The rainy season sets in about the end of June.
The sky is gloomy and gray - a typical rainy-season sky.
It looks like the rainy season is going to start after next week.
Mr Umemura teaches us English.
From the buyer's point of view, the prices of these CD players are too high.
A buyers' market is a market in which goods are plentiful, buyers have a wide range of choices, and prices are low.
Please drop by when you go out for shopping sometimes.
Would you like to come shopping with me?
I have to go shopping.
What do you say to going shopping?
I would rather stay at home than go shopping.
You are an angel for doing my shopping.
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
Can you do some shopping for me?
I will call you when I have done my shopping.
As I didn't have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
Would you like to go shopping with me?
Shoppers hurried along the sidewalk.
The shoppers stood in a line.
Shoppers crowded the streets.
I had my umbrella taken while I was shopping.
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
Before deciding to buy it, I tried on the jacket to see if it would fit.
She left the store because she didn't have anything else that she had to buy.
What you cannot afford to buy, do without.
You will be better off buying a new one than trying to fix it.
As the men walked up and down the rows of people, they shouted, "Get your dachshund sausages!"
A seller's market is a market in which goods are relatively scarce, buyers have a limited range of choice, and prices are high.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
The sales are slipping.
In proportion as the sales increase, the profit will rise.
The sales didn't amount to anything.
We worked hard so as to increase our sales.
Don't worry about making lots of sales.
Relative to overall sales, that of software is insignificant.
Sales are amazingly brisk.
Sales fell short of their goal.
The jury were asked to allow for the age of the accused.
The jury acquitted him of the crime.
The jury is hung.
The jury has returned a verdict of guilty.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
Keep off the flies.
Uncle asked: "What is three plus four?"
The doctors inquired into the mystery of nature.
Who shall decide when doctors disagree?
No one can approach him in wideness of knowledge.
I'll buy a through ticket to Hakata.
The Shinkansen from Hakata pulled in just on time.
Gambling brought about his failure.
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum.
There are some interesting exhibits in the museum.
Visitors were few at the museum.
There are no live animals in the museum.
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.
You'll see two buildings right opposite the museum, and the restaurant is in the taller of the two.
Where is the entrance to the museum?
Where is the museum?
The museum is around the corner.
I understand the museum is closed on Mondays.
The museum had to close due to lack of finances.
Is this the right way to the museum?
You cannot enter the museum. It is currently under repair.
Will you show me the way to the museum?
How far is it to the museum?
The exhibition will be open for another month.
The exposition will be held for six months.
Two little squirrels, a white squirrel and a black squirrel, lived in a large forest.
The white drapery does not blend with the black wall.
Do you have any shirt in white?
At a word from the ballet master in the white suit, the room will come alive.
Is it white?
Do you have a dress in white?
The girl wearing a white dress is my sister.
There is a white dove on the roof.
The white parasol is hers.
I like the one with a white belt.
The white boat went down the stream.
A white lily is very beautiful to look at.
A white yacht was sailing over the sea.
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.
A white cloud is floating in the blue summer sky.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
There were white clouds sailing in the sky.
A white cloud is floating in the blue sky.
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature.
We saw a white ship far away.
A white ship came into view.
White doves are pretty birds.
The woman who wore the white clothes was out to a party.
The lady dressed in white is a famous actress.
The girl dressed in white is his fiancée.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiancée.
Keep away from the unlicensed taxis.
The color white is a symbol of purity.
White paint will brighten the room.
Would you like white wine or red?
White wine is the usual companion of fish.
Get it settled once and for all.
Black and white television sets have gone out of date.
We have a black and white dog.
Let's make clear which is right and which is wrong.
A beam of white light is split by a prism into rays of various colors.
The swans on the river make a dreamlike scene.
The swans migrate from here to Florida.
I'm getting more and more gray hair.
Her gray hair makes her look older than her age.
Her eyes are rolled back.
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
I saw his face in the dim light.
Her face was not clear in the poor light.
You shouldn't read in such poor light.
Back into the hole where I was born.
The twilight came on.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
It was at that very moment that the bomb went off.
When the bomb was dropped, I felt the house rock back and forth.
An A-bomb is a terrible weapon.
He exploded with anger.
Security at the airport has been stepped up since the bomb scare.
Such was the explosion that the roof was blown off.
There was an explosion, and before anyone could say Jack Robinson, the airplane burst into flame and fell.
The explosion shook the whole building.
The explosion killed several passers-by.
The explosion ruled out their survival.
She came back ten minutes after the explosion.
The explosion frightened the villagers.
Experts have failed to come up with an explanation of why the explosion happened.
Explosives went off with a bang.
Bomb-making criminals frequently have the motive of wanting public attention.
I could not resist the lure of great profits.
It is really lovely to go up Mt. Hakodate and look at the night view of Hakodate city.
We found all the boxes empty.
The box was too big and awkward, so I put these in a bag and brought them.
The shape of a box is usually square.
The boxes vary in size from small to large.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
There are six apples in the box.
There are many apples in the box. Some are red and others are yellow.
Inside the box were cuttings from newspapers and magazines.
There are some eggs in the box.
There are some pears in the box.
Are there any apples in the box?
What is in the box?
There are some empty bottles in the box.
There is a doll in the box.
There are a lot of tools in the box.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
Look into the box.
I looked into the box.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
The box was open and empty.
The box is empty. But give it a touch.
The box was heavy, but he managed to carry it.
May I open the box?
Dreams flew out of that box when it was opened: dreams of secrets written in disappearing ink and of overwhelming odors.
You must be quite accustomed to using chopsticks by now.
I have a serious skin problem.
The skin gradually took on a healthier look.
I have dry skin.
I have greasy skin.
He stood for freedom of speech for everyone regardless of color.
Exposing skin excessively to the sun causes sunburn, sometimes blisters.
It's chilly.
Your skin is breaking out.
The field is crying out for rain.
The field was rank with weeds.
The field measures more than acres.
It is better not to go out of your field.
It is interesting to hear from someone in a different field.
He's in his element when working on the farm.
Mr Hata told us on television some interesting stories about various animals.
He left for England at the beginning of August.
You should arrive at school before 8:30.
We're sunk.
I tried all possible means.
Don't try to be all things to all men.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
Mark the words which you cannot pronounce.
With respect to pronunciation, he was the best of all the students.
Except for pronunciation, everyone can speak good French.
Can you read phonetic signs?
The hikers were all but frozen when they were found.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
I am honored that you should ask me to speak.
If you permit me to speak, I can explain everything.
Which is the departure platform?
There are only five minutes till the train starts, and she hasn't appeared.
I have a skin eruption.
Could you wrap it for mailing?
The growth in population is very rapid in developing countries.
Developing countries suffer from difficulties of fiscal problems.
The developing world and the developed world can prevent a war from breaking out by helping each other.
Please limit your presentation to minutes.
The ingenious man received the prestigious award for the first time.
Inventions are born, so to speak, of necessity.
Old words often take on new meanings because of inventions and technology.
My hair is so messy!
I saw a girl whose hair came down to her waist.
My hair has grown out.
Just brush your hair.
My haircut only cost 1,yen. That's pretty rare these days. He probably didn't have a license.
My hair is greasy.
Look at the girl whose hair is long.
She touched her hair. It was wet.
They look alike except for the color of their hair.
I have had my hair cut shoulder length.
The other boys teased him when he got his hair cut.
I have to comb my hair.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
You should go and have your hair cut.
I've got to fix my hair.
I'd like you to cut my hair.
You look nice with your hair short.
A girl came running, with her hair streaming in the wind.
Didn't it ever occur to them that they would be punished?
She resolved not to pay the fine.
The fine shall be paid in cash.
A lot of my hair has fallen out.
Is there any other way besides extraction?
Your tooth must be extracted.
Should I have my tooth extracted?
Thanks to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled three-fold.
Thank to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled threefold.
The pigeon has flown away.
The judgement went against the government.
The judgement was against him.
The decision was in favor of the defendant.
Judgement will be given tomorrow.
The judge can't stop.
The judge was exhausted from the nervous strain.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
The judge bound the spectators to keep quiet.
He will be here in half an hour.
It rained like mad for about a half-hour.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Show me short-sleeved ones, please.
I only ride a bicycle at odd times.
Do you offer any half-day tours?
You must come every six months for a check-up.
Six months ago I had an operation for the cataract in my right eye.
I had a Caesarian section six months ago.
Give me half of it.
Half-forgotten music danced through his mind.
You'll get brownie points if you respond quickly.
The anti-nuclear energy movement is being led by a number of organizations.
The rebels made a barricade across the road.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to prison.
The rebels took control of the capital.
Rebellion it always sells at a profit.
The defiant manner is characteristic of teenagers.
Opposition leaders say it's possible the Communists could end up in a small minority.
All political dissidents were purged under the former regime.
He couldn't help doing so in the face of opposition.
I had no desire to say anything against you.
The members of the opposition party were enraged against the bill.
The noes have it.
A rebellion was brewing.
A revolt broke out.
The revolt was crushed.
The rebel concealed his ambition to destroy the regime.
The rebels have captured the broadcasting station.
The wind filled the sails.
The sails fluttered in the wind.
All the sails were taken down.
He hammered nails into the plank.
Boards are used to make floors.
The plank froze to the ground.
Crime is on the increase.
It cannot be denied that crime is on the increase.
Every crime calls for punishment.
Crime has often been related to poverty.
Crime does not pay.
Crime doesn't pay.
Crimes sometimes result from ignorance of the law.
Criminals are deprived of social rights.
The criminal got very tired from the fight with the two officers.
Criminals generally do not single out police officers.
I was asked to cooperate with them for the criminal investigation.
The crime investigators are looking into the murder case.
The crime rate is increasing in this country.
The crime rate is rising steadily.
The criminal was arrested by the police.
The criminals have all been apprehended.
The criminal and his companions ran away while we took our eyes off.
The criminal is not Bob, but his twin brother.
The criminal robbed the landlord of a hundred thousand dollars and ran away.
The criminal was sent into exile.
The criminal begged the judge for mercy.
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.
The criminal confessed to theft.
The criminal left footprints.
The culprit is caught like a rat in a trap.
The criminal was arrested and put into prison.
The prisoner escaped under cover of night.
The criminal came out of the house with arms raised.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
You must realize that prosperity does not last forever.
Prosperity depends on hard work.
Please tell me which bus to take to go downtown.
We wandered aimlessly around the shopping district.
Extra special treatment is imperative to get the vessel through government red tape, so that she can leave port on time.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
The sales plan allows of no alteration.
The meeting on sales promotion is dragging on.
Accessories were laid out on the shelf for sale.
We are writing to inform you that Mr Koichi Ohara has been appointed as Manager of the Technical Department in succession to Mr Taro Iida.
It may snow in the evening.
Dinner is ready, Father.
A dinner will be given next Saturday.
There's no point in hiring a babysitter for the evening.
It may well rain before tonight.
The trend towards late marriage is going to increase more and more.
It is not proper to be late for a dinner party.
At the dinner party he insisted on my making a speech.
I want to mention the release of our new software edition at the banquet.
Late in life the miser learned to be generous with money.
I'll stand you a dinner.
The number is 932-8647, but I don't know the area code.
You seem to have the wrong number.
You've got the wrong number.
I'm afraid you have got the wrong number.
I think you have the wrong number.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
None of the programs look interesting to me.
Certain parts of the show have been toned down to make it suitable for a family audience.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
The program will finish with the national anthem.
He is above all meanness.
Too much humility is pride.
Don't be a dog.
In the country, the colors of the sky and of the foliage are entirely different from those seen in the city.
Shakespeare was not of an age but for all time.
He is into the Internet.
He, and he alone, must go.
Isn't he gorgeous? - So tall and smart-looking.
He recently had the bad luck to incur his boss' wrath and got sent out to work in the boondocks.
He said he dashed this proposal off in one sitting. It's pretty sloppy.
He'll never show it, but I think that deep down, he's seriously worried.
He's unstoppable right now but the question is how long he can remain at the pinnacle of his career.
He seems really depressed and lifeless today. I wonder what took the wind out of his sails.
I feel like he's grown cold toward me lately.
He has a lot of confidence.
I hope he will not let us down again by being late.
His boosterism makes it sound wonderful but I wonder if he understands how hard it's going to be to actually carry out.
He cannot have done it by himself.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
He was so vigorous in making love that his companion for the evening went down for the count.
He may well be proud of his father.
It is strange that he should have done such a thing.
He is Mr Brown, chairman of the committee.
He gave me whatever help I needed.
Everybody suspected him of taking a bribe.
When he said "water," she gave him water.
It's amazing that he won the championship at the age of nineteen.
I had him pegged for a one-rounder at most.
He is unable to finish it in an hour.
I think it wrong that he should go alone.
He can't be under thirty.
He will call for me about six.
I wish he had gotten a hit in the bottom half of the seventh inning.
If he was to return at seven o'clock, why didn't he?
I did not think he was so timid.
If only he had been there.
He is the owner of the liquor shop.
He has every reason for getting angry with you.
Is he your teacher?
He will go in your place.
If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease.
I think it's a great pity that he died so young.
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Is he the owner of that car?
Everybody knows that he lost his leg in the war.
He was behaving so stupidly that I couldn't keep my temper.
He made such a long speech that we all got bored.
He walked so fast that she couldn't keep up with him.
That he grew up in America is well-known.
It's true that he is in America.
It was because he was injured that he decided to return to America.
It is definite that he will go to America.
I have not heard from him since he left for America.
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
He had not gone through all that hard training for nothing – he won first prize.
If he did not watch so much television, he would have more time for study.
He was clever to leave so early.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
That he did such a terrible thing is certain.
It is strange that he should say such a thing.
I can't bear to see him cry like that.
If he were a good pitcher, we would win this game.
I arranged that he be admitted to a good hospital.
What he says makes no sense at all.
I have a general idea of what he means.
He suddenly started doing an impression of an announcer and we all cracked up.
What he said about England is true.
I don't understand his reluctance to go.
He is certain to turn up some time.
Please tell me when he'll arrive here.
It is not certain when he came here.
I don't know when he'll come here.
I don't know when he entered the building.
I couldn't figure out where on earth he was heading for.
Whether he will come at all is doubtful.
Don't bother with what he said.
Can you believe what he said?
Now that he has gone, we miss him very much.
I don't know when he returned from France.
I cannot recall when he moved to Boston.
If he keeps drifting aimlessly, his late father will turn over in his grave.
It is not known when he came up to London.
I don't know when he'll come back.
Please check on when he will return.
Ask her when he will come back.
There is no telling when he will show up.
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I don't know for certain when he will arrive.
It will be reported when he is coming to Japan.
I didn't notice when he left the room.
I am not sure when he will be back.
Please tell me when he'll be back.
Do you know when he will come?
I am not sure when he will come.
I cannot tell when he will come, but when he comes, he will do his best.
I do not know for certain when he will come.
Tell me when he will come.
You are doubtless aware of his absence.
Without him, I would be helpless.
It's nice to be rid of him!
It is strange that he should say no.
What he said in his interview makes sense.
He is no more a liar than you are a liar.
He can't have told a lie.
It was obvious that he was lying.
I have never heard him lie.
It occurred to me that he might have told a lie.
He cannot have told a lie.
He never visits us without bringing some presents for my children.
She took advantage of his confusion to escape.
It is fact that he wants to visit Egypt.
He said he would keep from chatting.
He attended the meeting for his father.
He is impatient to see you.
The court found him guilty of stealing money.
The more he flatters, the less I like him.
It's natural for him to get mad.
He broke out into rage.
I caught him cheating in the examination.
I'll give him your message when he comes.
We will begin the party when he comes.
I will go when he comes back.
I was writing a letter when he came.
I will start after he comes.
Let's begin the discussion after he comes.
He cannot have been there yesterday.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
There is no persuading him to join the club.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming.
I expect him to come.
Until he comes, I cannot go away.
I wonder where to hang the picture he gave me.
He was accredited with these words.
It is a pity that he should miss such a chance.
I'm disappointed that he's not here.
I wish he were here.
It is strange that he is not here. He always comes at this time.
Don't you think it strange that he is not here?
When he was here, he would swim in the morning.
Let's suppose that he is here.
I'll tell him so when he comes here.
Would that he were here to help us.
I want to know if he'll come here.
I believe that he comes here.
I will go out if he comes here.
That he comes here is surprising.
It is certain that he will come here.
I don't know when he'll be here.
A year has passed since he came here.
Hard work has carried him this far.
I observed him come along here.
In case he gives me a phone call, tell him that I will call him back.
I saw him come this way.
It is surprising that he should not know this.
He is the master of this house.
He should be promoted in the light of what he has done for this company.
I must bring home the fact that he is wrong in this case.
It is true that he accepted this job.
It'll take him two days to finish this work.
The time will come when he will regret this.
I don't have the remotest idea what he will do next.
It is easy for him to answer this question.
How long did it take him to write this novel?
He laid out this garden.
He must have entered this room.
I often see him taking a walk in this neighborhood.
It is said that he wrote this book.
He can't have read this book.
It is true that he is good at playing golf.
He can't have written this; it's not his handwriting.
He was heard to sing at the concert.
It is odd that he is so late.
I thought it strange that he should be up so late.
That he should behave like this!
I stayed so he wouldn't feel lonely.
It was impolite of him not to say goodbye.
I know that he'll call with another price increase.
I never saw him in jeans.
It'll be a pity if he fails.
The wind he gave off smells.
What he did was nothing less than madness.
He comes back from Sydney today.
It was natural for him to be familiar with jazz.
It took him several weeks to recover from the shock.
I suggested that he go there at once.
There is no hope of his getting well soon.
I do hope that he will get well soon.
There is no hope that he will come soon.
It will be a long time before he has fully recovered.
Seeing that he's not preparing at all, it seems that he's not planning to take the exam.
It is funny for him to say so.
It is quite common for him to say so.
He cannot have said so.
He did it not for me but for himself.
It was impolite of him to do so.
He had every reason for doing so.
He does so not because he hates you, but because he loves you.
Since he says so, it must be true.
It is a marvel that he should say so.
What he said is true.
It's quite natural for him to think so.
That he should think so is quite natural.
It is quite natural that he think so.
Small wonder that he thinks so.
What he said there was surprisingly difficult.
Had he been there, he would have told you to mind your manners.
He may be there.
I was surprised to see him there.
He has his reasons for staying there.
His decision to stay there was a surprise to all of us.
It will be dark by the time he gets there.
See to it that he does not go there.
I think it necessary for him to go there.
It was yesterday that he went there.
It was clear that he went there.
It is strange that he should not tell me anything about it.
It will take some time before he understands it.
He had the role of narrating the television drama.
If he had attended the party, they would have been encouraged.
It is not rare for him to make such a mistake.
As he entered the house, two things caught his eye.
What was his motive for setting the house on fire?
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
He was heard singing the song.
He may well respect the artist.
It is strange that he should not have attended the meeting.
He made the company what it is today.
He has made the company what it is today.
He is the man who drew the picture.
He is in charge of the class.
It occurred to me that he must have lost the money.
The fact remains that he accepted the money.
He has good reason to be against the plan.
It is easy for him to carry out the plan.
He was wrong to go ahead with the plan.
He made up for the deficit.
He made the ultimate decision.
It goes without saying that he's the best person for the job.
He can't have done the work for himself.
If he doesn't accept the job, some other person will.
The reason why he should resign his job is that he is not equal to it.
It took him a week to finish the work.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
Nobody believed he stood a chance of winning the match.
It is strange that he should have lost the game.
It is strange that he knows nothing about the matter.
He cannot have said that.
I think there is little probability of his succeeding in the enterprise.
His complete ignorance of the accident surprised me.
Can it be true that he has denied that fact?
He was responsible for the car accident.
It occurred to me that he must have stolen the dictionary.
He designed the car.
Whether he wrote the novel or not is not known.
He designed the new building.
It is strange that he should have refused the offer.
It is possible for him to swim across the river.
He assumed full responsibility for it.
His acceptance of the present was regarded as bribery.
It was natural that he should win the contest.
It will take him at least two years to be qualified for that post.
This is the hut in which he lived.
None of us knew his decision to win the long-distance race.
It must be easy for him to find the way.
It is certain that he didn't go out that day.
We know nothing except that he did not come home that day.
It cost him ten dollars to get the ticket.
I have the impression that he knows the secret.
The marvel is that he succeeded in the adventure.
It is difficult for him to solve the problem.
We besought that he might give us the medicine.
It is natural that he should refuse that request.
He made up the story.
He was wise not to participate in it.
The moment he touched it, it blew up.
I can't believe that he is that depressed.
For him to finish it in a day would be impossible.
He can not have done that.
The time when he did it was not known.
It is entirely up to him whether he does it or not.
It is impossible for him to do it.
It is evident that he did it.
The fact that he did not do it cannot be denied.
It is impossible for him to finish it in an hour.
It is impossible for him to do it in a day.
He can't have solved it.
I don't care whether he'll lend it to me or not.
Whether he wrote it or not will always remain a secret.
It was obvious to all that he meant it.
By the time he was ready to cut his eye-teeth his parents were already dead.
When he gets up on stage to sing one of his out-of-tune solos, I get so nervous for him that I get sweaty palms.
I think it quite strange that he should not know such a thing.
He cannot have done such a thing.
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.
He may well get scolded for doing that.
I can't fancy his saying that.
It is strange that he should say so.
That he should say such a thing!
It is no wonder that he should say such a thing.
Can he have said such a thing?
Can you imagine him driving such a splendid car?
It is a pity that he died so young.
It will be difficult for him to get up so early.
The reason why he came so early is not evident.
It is sad that he has been sick for such a long time.
He must be a good walker to walk such a long distance.
Is there any reason for him to resign so suddenly?
I thought it unusual that he was up so late at night.
He cannot have done such a silly thing.
It is rare that he should make such a mistake.
He cannot have said such an unreasonable thing.
He cannot have said such nonsense.
It is impossible for him to give up smoking.
It was a sight to see him dance.
It is regrettable that he was not elected captain of the team.
When he started to eat his chicken, it tasted a little funny.
He is the very person I was talking of.
If and when he arrives I'll pay.
He came out of the room at last.
Look at him raising his arm in triumph.
The reason why he left the tennis club is obscure.
I don't know if he locked the door.
Nobody could tell what he meant by that.
Do you know what has become of him?
I cannot understand why he left so suddenly.
When he would not give them higher pay, they went on strike.
Do you know why he has been absent from school?
Who knows what has become of him?
Tell me what has become of him.
No one can imagine what has become of him.
I don't know what has become of him.
What do you think has become of him?
I cannot guess at all what is going on with him.
It beats me how he got that money.
No one knows how he has amassed his enormous fortune.
I have no idea how he escaped.
I stepped aside for him to pass.
Do you know where he bought his camera?
No one could tell where he was.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
I have no idea where he lives.
God knows where he fled.
It doesn't matter where he comes from.
I don't know where he comes from.
It is all the same to me where he goes.
Do you know where he went?
I don't know where he went.
I have no idea where he has gone.
There is no way of knowing where he's gone.
God knows where he has gone.
I wish he would make up his mind one way or other.
He looked so funny that I couldn't help laughing.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
I know for certain that he is a man of great importance.
He was naturally very angry.
He told us such funny stories that we all laughed.
Tell me how he got it.
How he escaped still puzzles us.
It is interesting how he learned Japanese cooking.
Isn't there any way to predict how he'll act?
No matter how hard he may study, he cannot master English in a year or two.
Tell me how he smiled at you.
I don't know what plan he will try.
We can know in advance what excuse he will make.
I don't know what he is like.
I can't figure him out.
It is his laziness that he must overcome.
He hit me, not her.
I can't figure out why he said so.
It is a mystery why he did not finish the poem.
I can't figure out why he did it.
I can't make out why he is so much troubled.
I can't make out why he isn't here yet.
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.
It is a mystery why he quit his job.
Do you know why he put off his departure?
It is still a mystery why he suddenly left the town.
Don't lose your temper whatever he may say.
Don't trust him no matter what he says.
I can hardly make out what he says.
He took charge of the arrangements for the party.
I had been reading a letter when he came in.
The meeting was going off without a hitch until he threw a wet blanket on it by making silly remarks.
He is anything but a fool.
When he came to Tokyo for the first time, this college had not been opened yet.
As soon as he got on the bus, it began to move.
When he arrived at the bus stop, the bus was already out of sight.
He wouldn't be caught dead playing pachinko.
It is two years since he left for Hawaii.
They are investigating the mystery of the universe thoroughly.
If you heard him playing the piano, you would never think he is an eight-year-old boy.
Keep silent while he is playing the piano.
He played the piano and she sang.
She insisted that he play the piano.
He may well get very angry.
He has good reason to get very angry.
He cannot have completed the work by himself.
It is doubtful whether he did his homework by himself.
Everybody thought it strange that he lived alone.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
He went to France not so much for sightseeing as for observation.
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
He's the new CEO from the parent company in France.
I saw him coming with his briefcase under his arm.
What he said to Beth was nothing less than an insult to her.
I found him lying on the bed.
I took for granted that he got homesick.
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
If he asks, I will give it; if not, not.
I gave him as much food as he wanted.
Don't believe all the stories he's put about.
I can assure you of his earnestness.
He won the race again.
It is very doubtful whether he is still alive.
He hasn't come yet.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
It is strange that he has not come yet.
No sooner had he struck the match than the bomb exploded.
Did you know he bought a condominium?
It is hardly possible for him not to make any mistake.
I saw him playing cards with all of them.
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.
If he had been a little more careful, he would have succeeded.
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
Let's wait here till he comes back.
The news that he brought delighted us.
If he had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
I wish he would write more often.
The gate had already been closed when he returned.
I'll get the work done by the time he gets back.
When he came, we were having dinner.
It's uncertain if he'll come.
Everything was in order until he came.
It is clear that he is guilty.
Now it would be better to keep a sharp lookout for what he might do.
He thought of a good solution.
It will be some time before he gets well.
It is not probable that he will get well.
My uncle would not have employed him but that he was very energetic.
The horse kicked at him when he approached it.
He didn't live to say another word.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
It is not good to borrow money from him.
I haven't heard from him for ages.
Do you often hear from him?
We got an unexpected present from him. I guess he felt a little obligated after what we did for him.
I couldn't get a definite answer from him.
I have heard nothing else from him yet.
I have not heard a word from him as yet.
I haven't heard a word from him as yet.
I got a scribbled note from him, but haven't heard from him since.
I have had no news from him yet.
He sent back a message that everyone was well.
I have heard nothing from him for five years.
He was a great influence on me.
I have heard nothing from him.
Months went past without any news from him.
He wrote to me yesterday.
The motorcycle which I borrowed from him broke down.
Have you got a letter from him?
I received an invitation from him, but didn't accept it.
I had a phone call from him.
Have you heard from him?
He proposed to Miss Lee and she accepted.
Is it true that he won the race?
It is not likely that he did it on purpose.
I'm pretty sure he came late on purpose.
He acted as our guide.
I was annoyed with him for interrupting me.
We have to attend to what he tells us.
You are mistaken if you think he is wrong.
Although he was wrong, he didn't say he was sorry.
It is clear that he is a great artist.
The fact that he was a great statesman cannot be denied.
It is impossible for him to become a doctor.
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.
We thought it was in the cards for him to aim to become a doctor.
The town where he was brought up lies east of Osaka.
It makes no difference to me whether he joins us or not.
It wasn't Mary that he went to the museum with.
She would often hear him grumbling to himself.
The fact that he did not accept any money shows that he is an honest man.
It is true that he won first prize.
He is least likely to come.
It is her eldest daughter that he loves most.
He is most likely to succeed.
It is certain that he is the tallest of us all.
I am adamant that he undertake it.
When he retired, his son took over his business.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
It's obvious that you told a lie.
It is possible that he is telling a lie.
It never occurred to me that he might tell a lie.
He's never told a lie.
I knew all along that he was telling a lie.
He assures us that he didn't attach a false statement.
Are you taking in all he is saying?
The car he's driving is not his.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the movies.
I heard the news of his death with deep regret.
He can no more swim than a hammer can.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for a native speaker.
I often listened to him speak in English.
If he is proficient in English, I'll employ him.
If he were proficient in English, I would hire him.
He can speak French, not to mention English.
Two years have passed since he went over to American in order to study English.
Hearing him speak English, one would take him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for an American.
To hear him speak English, you would mistake him for an Englishman.
To hear him speak English, you would take him for a native.
If he could speak English, I would employ him right away.
The moment he arrived at the station, it began to rain.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
Were it not for the fact that he is a billionaire, she would never marry him.
His extensive knowledge of music was a revelation to us.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
It is clear that he pretended to be ill.
He never does anything but she smells it out.
He started to say something, but I beat him to it.
We don't care what he does.
Guess what he told me.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
It is remarkable that he said nothing at all.
What do you think he did?
Do you know what he has done?
It was clear what he meant to do.
It was clear what he was trying to go.
I don't care what he does.
There is no telling what he will do.
I cannot understand what he is driving at.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
No matter what he may say, don't trust him.
Do you know what he said?
It was rather difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
What do you think he has in mind?
There is no telling what he is thinking.
I can't imagine what he is thinking.
I don't know the reason why he will not go on to college.
There is no telling what time he will come.
I'm uncertain what time he is coming.
I don't mind in the slightest who he is.
It is clear that he is at home.
He broke into a house.
I went to market after he came home.
He may well be proud of his house.
He had hardly left home when it began to rain.
As soon as he went out of the house, it began to rain.
His running away from home is due to his father's severity.
It is fact that he ran away from home.
It was after a meeting in America that he decided to write a book for non-scientists.
I never heard him sing.
Can you hear his singing?
I see him singing, but this isn't often.
He sang a song.
He is father to the bride.
He is commander of our troops.
It is certain that he will agree with us.
He deprived us of our liberty.
I expect that he will help us.
Is it certain that he will help us?
I wish he had attended the meeting.
I see no reason why he doesn't relate to the firm.
He persuaded his firm to let him go back to his old job.
Everyone knows that he worked hard to get to the top of the company.
He made a speech on behalf of our company.
There are rumors in the air that he was fired.
It is strange for him to be dismissed.
There is no reason why he should be dismissed.
There is little if any hope for his recovery.
I had hoped that he would recover.
Is there any chance of his recovery?
Is there any prospect of his recovering?
There is little hope of his recovery.
There is little, if any, hope of his recovery.
It's even chances that he will get well.
There is no hope of his recovery.
It is this window that he broke.
I am suspicious of him.
It's true that he saw a monster.
I can hardly imagine him going abroad.
Just because he likes painting, it does not follow that he paints well.
I helped him out with his picture.
It was not until he was forty that he started to paint pictures.
We heard him come downstairs.
I heard him go down the stairs.
Did you see him go out?
He is in charge of entertaining the foreign guests.
He argued that nuclear weapons were a threat to peace.
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world.
He can not have gone to school.
He can't have gone to school.
It is only natural that he should do well at school.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
It is strange for him to be absent from school.
It is for this reason that he left school.
It is by this reason that he left school.
It's such a long time since he left school.
He is anything but a scholar.
It was a glass that he broke.
The vase broken by him is my aunt's.
Little did I imagine he would achieve a perfect game.
He is the minister responsible for the environment.
It is plain that he is wrong.
It is certain that he is wrong.
It's obvious that he's in the wrong.
Look at the book which he put on the desk.
I remember the time when he returned.
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
Will you tell him about it when he comes home?
As soon as he comes back, let me know.
Let's start after he comes home.
Please wait till he comes back.
Let's leave things as they are until he comes back.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
It will have stopped raining by the time he comes back.
He came back, and it rained soon.
Let's leave as soon as he gets back.
When he was leaving, he told me that he would come again by the 25th.
It was because he was ill that he decided to return home.
It was because he was sick that he decided to return home.
The sun had already set when he got home.
I was just going to write a letter when he came home.
I suggested to her that we go to the movies after he came home.
Upon returning home, he found a letter in the mailbox.
When he came to, he was lying in the park.
I didn't tell him the truth for fear he would get angry.
It is best that he should do his duty.
He was elected chairman.
His absence was due to illness.
The reason he was absent was that he had a severe headache.
Now that he is absent, I will have to work in his place.
I was pleased with the rapidity with which he mastered Japanese.
After he left, she started feeling uneasy.
I stayed there until he had left.
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.
His threat got me to start studying seriously.
To his surprise, the train made a quick stop.
To his amazement, the door opened all by itself.
To his surprise, the thief turned out to be his own son.
He was right to give up smoking.
I have a feeling that he may blow in sometime soon.
He moved into my neighborhood.
We cried banzai at the news that he won the gold medal.
We congratulated him on winning a gold medal.
Some new books were added to the library at his expense.
I caught him stealing the money.
It's clear that he stole money from the safe.
Because he is rich, it doesn't follow that he is happy.
I never counted on his being rich.
It is clear that he is rich.
The police suspect that he robbed the bank.
Whatever he asks you, you mustn't answer.
Were he to see you, he would be surprised.
He cannot have told you a wrong number.
It is certain that he will agree to your plan.
I bet that he'll accept your proposal.
No wonder he refused your offer.
The reason he refused your offer is obvious.
Don't you know he is enraged at your insult?
It came out that what he had told the police was not true.
I can't account for his absence.
I am impatient with his inability to make decisions.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
It's just possible that he'll eventually recover the use of his legs.
It is not you but her that he wants to marry.
The woman whom he married is very beautiful.
How did you know that he is married?
They have been married for ten years.
His good health is attributed to getting plenty of sleep.
It was a miracle that he recovered.
He was seen to enter the building.
The box he found was empty.
I'm sure that he is clever.
It is not clear whether he is wise or not.
I am no more intelligent than he.
When he went out the front door, the bus was just coming around the corner.
When he turned up, we had been waiting for two hours.
We were talking about him when he appeared.
His appearance animated the party.
There was an awkward silence when he appeared.
I have no idea where he is at present.
I think it's true that he wasn't at the scene.
All that he says is true.
Whatever he says is true.
What he says is false.
What he says is very important.
Admitting what he says, I still think that he is in the wrong.
Few students could understand what he said.
He says firefighting is a feast or famine job.
What he said turned out to be false.
What he said cannot be true.
Don't take any notice of what he said.
Some of the things he said got under my skin.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
What he said may well be true.
What he said is, in a sense, true.
What he said was by no means true.
What he said then shocked me.
What he said is not true.
What he said counts for nothing.
What he has said is true of them.
What he said turned out to be true.
Do tell me what he said.
Do you believe what he said?
I remember what he said.
Only a few understood what he said.
Everything he said was right.
What he said was to the contrary.
I got the gist of what he was saying.
What he is saying doesn't make sense.
What he says sounds very sensible to me.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
I like him.
I understand him to be happy.
I know quite clearly what he thinks.
It is Egypt that he wants to visit.
The dog followed him wherever he went.
It is advisable for him to go.
It is definite that he will go.
I don't care whether he leaves or stays.
His success delighted his parents.
It is doubtful whether he will pass.
I would like to have seen him before he left the country.
He hasn't been heard from since he left the country.
I copied in my notebook whatever he wrote on the blackboard.
I wish he were here now.
I know nothing as to where he is now.
Make certain where he is now.
We are worried about where he is now.
It is certain that he is in Hawaii now.
Where he will live doesn't interest us.
We were surprised when we saw him in the office this morning.
I am uncertain when he will come next.
I don't know if he will visit us next Sunday.
You should read such a good book as he is reading now.
Sport has made him what he is.
What he is today he owes to his father.
I don't know the reason he is absent today.
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?
It is no laughing matter that he couldn't graduate from university this year.
The dinner he ate this evening was inferior in quality to that dinner.
His reelection seems sure.
What he needs most is a good job.
It serves him right that he missed the last train.
He was the first to arrive.
He was the first person to arrive.
He was the first to come.
His boast that he is the best pitcher is true.
There is no doubt about his ability.
There is no room to doubt that he is a gifted artist.
I must make sure whether he is at home or not.
The model plane they built was fragile.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
He came to see you yesterday.
What he said yesterday is not consistent with what he had said last week.
What he said yesterday is not true.
What he told me yesterday is a white lie.
It is doubtless that he was murdered.
I read in the newspaper that he had been murdered.
The number of prey they killed was the same.
Whether he agrees or not, we won't change our plans.
He fell in with a strange man when he was taking a walk.
It doesn't matter whether he agrees or not.
It makes no difference whether he agrees or not.
It is uncertain whether he will agree or not.
I don't care whether he agrees or not.
I am certain that he will quit his job.
He has every reason to quit his job.
There must be something wrong with the pen he is using.
His constant complaints aroused my rage.
I thought it strange that he didn't turn up.
He is certain to turn up.
Let's wait here until he turns up.
I've known him ever since he was a child.
He is actually not the manager.
The estate went to his daughter when he died.
What will become of the children after his death?
The news of his death spread abroad.
I was surprised at the news of his death.
It was yesterday that he died.
It is a great pity he was given up for lost.
The evening he died was stormy.
He has been dead for three years.
It has been ten years since he died.
She still hated him, even after he died.
Ten years have passed since he died.
With his death, the oldest family in this village died out.
He has been dead for five years.
Three years have passed since he died.
Either he or I am to attend the meeting.
I don't know whether he'll join us or not.
I wish he were on our team.
That he refused our proposal was big surprise to us.
If only he would marry me!
It is surprising that he should have said such things of me.
It never occurred to me that he might insist on treating me to dinner.
I wonder what he promised to do for me.
I hope he will see me and listen to my future plans.
What he told me proved true.
He is the chief of my department.
Either he is to blame, or I am.
He is wrong or I am.
Either he or I have to attend the convention.
Whether he agrees to my opinion or not, I will do the work.
He has my fate in his hands.
What he finds in my face I can't guess.
He's charging me roughly four times as much as he charged when he started cutting my lawn.
I think it doubtful whether he understood my explanation.
He went in place of me.
It is necessary that he follow my advice.
If he had taken my advice, he would now be rich.
I think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than I am.
He went into the water before me.
It never occurred to me that he loved me.
It is not likely that he did it on purpose to deceive me.
I felt like hitting him when he tried to cheat me.
He chose to have me stay.
I was surprised because he lifted me up with ease.
I saw him looking at me.
I know he is watching me.
It has dawned upon me that he does not like me.
He came to my rescue.
I began to understand the reason why he hated me.
I expected that he would visit me.
It's impossible that he forgot our meeting.
I don't know whether he will agree to our plan or not.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
It is no wonder that he passed the examination.
That he passed the exam is surprising to us.
I was pleased to hear that he had succeeded in the examination.
I'm glad that he passed the exam.
It is certain that he passed the examination.
I take it for granted that he will succeed in the examination.
I was informed of his failure in the examination.
It was a bitter disappointment to him when he failed his examination.
Never did I expect that he would fail the examination.
It is certain that he will pass the examination.
I can't ensure that he will pass the examination.
Is it any wonder that he failed in the examination?
His failing the test is no laughing matter.
It is truly regrettable that he failed the examination.
It'll serve him right if he fails the exam; he doesn't study at all.
He is certain to win the game.
It was pure chance that he won the game.
The dog who he kept sometimes barked at strangers.
No wonder that he has failed in the enterprise.
It is not because he had a faculty for business but because he was lucky that he succeeded in business.
It was fortunate that he was taken to a nearby hospital right away after the accident.
I accept that he was telling the truth.
He is the president of the company in fact.
I question whether he'll come in time.
I doubt if he will come on time.
If only he arrives in time!
You can rely upon his being punctual.
You cannot calculate on his punctuality.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
What he did next was quite a surprise to me.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
His next two books were novels.
He was passing by on his bicycle when he heard a cry for help.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident.
He can't possibly write the letter by himself.
There is a picture of his own painting.
The woman who he thought was his aunt was a stranger.
That was all he needed to operate his computer.
It looked almost impossible for him to finish his book.
He may well be proud of his daughter.
It is certain that he helped them for his own benefit.
There is a rumor that he has resigned.
There is no reason why he should resign.
There are rumors that he will resign.
There is a rumor about that he is going to resign.
I didn't know he had decided to leave his job.
It is not surprising that he resigned.
Because he was unemployed, their wedlock failed.
I was surprised that he had failed.
It is no wonder that he failed.
His failure was due to his idleness.
It is no wonder that he has failed.
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
That he will fail is certain.
It is hardly conceivable to me that he will fail.
I expect him to get over the shock of his failure.
The ease with which he answered the question surprised us.
I found it impossible to explain what he is really like.
The photo he showed added color to his story.
He was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face.
He kindly drove me to the station.
His car was seriously damaged when he backed into a telephone pole.
He may well be proud of his car.
Someone saw him wash his car.
I saw him wash the car.
He guaranteed my debt.
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
You had better take his youth into account.
He was an early riser in his youth.
Whether he has the operation depends upon the availability of the organ.
It has slowly dawned upon us that he will not help.
Tell me the reason why he was fired.
Is there any possibility of his resigning?
I am positive that he has finished.
The place where he lives is far from town.
There were no flowers or trees on his street.
Do you know the town where he lives?
Would you see to it that they get properly fed?
He played an important part.
As soon as he went out, it began to rain.
It began to rain when he went out.
His primary reason for going out was to see Patty.
I heard him go out.
As soon as he left, the bank closed.
His departure means that there will be peace in the house.
Three and a half hours have passed since he left.
The medicine he had prescribed failed to take effect.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
His oral agreement may not mean anything without his signed contract.
The novels he wrote are interesting.
Had it not been for his help, I couldn't have finished the report.
She would have failed but for his help.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
We took it for granted that he would help us.
On few occasions was he willing to ask for any help.
I'm always surprised at the way he talks to girls.
It looks like he's winning.
I'll bet 10,yen on his winning.
There is a good chance that he will win.
There is little chance of his winning.
Whether he will be offered the scholarship or not is still in the air.
His writing of a novel surprised us.
I'm satisfied if he has become any wiser.
I took it for granted that he would consent.
When he smiled, the children saw his long, gray teeth.
You mustn't despise him because he didn't win a prize.
His jumbo jet ought to have arrived in Osaka now.
When does his train arrive at Kyoto?
It is important for him to get the job.
Never have I heard him complaining about his meals.
He said he would pay for the dinner.
I can assure you of his reliability.
I was on the spot when he had a heart attack.
I hope he will succeed in his new position.
He is a new addition to the teaching staff.
To me he's no different from a million other dull middle aged men.
While he was reading a newspaper, his dog was lying beside him.
He can't know the truth.
It is true that he stole the pearl.
It is true that he couldn't know the truth.
He is anything but a gentleman.
I like him not because he is kind but because he is honest.
He thoughtfully gave me a helping hand.
You shouldn't let him get away with cheating.
That he is a man of character cannot be denied.
I doubt that he can make a speech in public.
No one in the neighborhood believed him to be a genius even after he had achieved world-wide fame.
The news that he had succeeded delighted them.
He has succeeded by virtue of his constant efforts rather than his talent.
He succeeded, not because he made efforts, but because he happened to be lucky.
His success is the result of hard work.
It is through hard work that he succeeded, not through good luck.
He owes his success to good luck.
He owes his success only to good luck.
It's natural that he should have succeeded.
It is no wonder that he has succeeded.
Never did I dream that he would succeed.
Whether he will succeed or not depends upon his health.
His success depends on his efforts.
There is little doubt as to whether he will succeed or not.
Whether he will succeed or not depends on his efforts.
It is certain that he will succeed.
I hope that he will succeed.
That he will succeed is certain.
Who can guarantee his success?
He couldn't possibly succeed.
Let's help him so that he will succeed.
There is little, if any, possibility of his success.
There was a strong likelihood of his succeeding.
There is little hope of his success.
There is very little hope of his success.
There isn't any hope of his success.
I led him to expect success.
We have some doubt as to whether he has chosen the right course.
I admit that he is right.
I am of the opinion that he is right.
I don't know exactly when he will arrive.
I doubt if he is honest.
We cannot gainsay that he is honest.
I will answer for his honesty.
There are sufficient grounds for believing he is honest.
How can we be sure of his honesty?
I found him honest.
There is no doubt that he is honest.
His honesty is beyond doubt.
Admitting that he is honest, I doubt his ability.
I would never question his honesty.
Granted that he is honest, but I doubt his ability.
We respect him all the more for his honesty.
I am proud of his honesty.
Her honesty is beyond question.
I answer for his honesty.
I answer for his honesty, for I know him well.
He can't be an honest man.
There is no way to confirm that he is alive.
That he is alive is certain.
I was relieved to hear that he was alive.
I don't know whether he is dead or alive.
There is no hope of his being alive.
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
That he survived was remarkable.
It was in that he was born.
The village in which he was born is far from here.
It snowed heavily in the morning he was born.
Where was he born and raised?
He brings home the bread and butter.
I vouch for his sincerity.
His red face showed his anger.
His constant insults aroused my anger.
The examination he took last week was very hard.
He is the boy of whom I spoke the other day.
He is specializing in the study of economics.
It is apparent that he will win the election.
Is there any possibility that he'll win the election?
There is little hope of his winning the election.
Because he is good, it does not follow that he is wise.
It's unusual for him to get up early.
I believe him to get up early.
Do you think he is the guy that broke the window?
The distance he ran was much greater than had been expected.
I saw him running.
The apples which he sent to me were delicious.
It is only natural that he be proud of his son.
He's every reason to be proud of his son.
He is justly proud of his son.
It's not surprising that he be proud of his son.
He may well be proud of his sons.
I've never heard him speak ill of others.
He batted three runners home.
I cannot help his being lazy.
His colleagues gave him a present when he retired.
No wonder he was arrested.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
He acted like he owned the place.
The bigger the words he used, the harder it was to find anything in them.
His mother's prophecy that he would be a great musician was later fulfilled.
I don't know whether he's a college student or not.
I really like him!
To his great joy, his team won the game.
Much to his surprise, he found his dog dead.
It never occurred to me that he was a prison-breaker.
After he bumped into the shelf, the priceless china fell and shattered into fragments.
He sent me a birthday card.
He run fastest by a long chalk.
If only he had known!
I knew that he was trying to use that money to become governor.
His delay made the situation all the worse.
Give him this message the moment he arrives.
I'll give him this message the moment he arrives.
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.
I stepped aside so that he could come in.
That he grew up in China is well-known.
His knowledge of Chinese enables us to carry out our plan smoothly.
I took it for granted that he would become a member.
He intervened and settled the matter peacefully for the time being.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
Hardly had he finished breakfast when the doctor came.
He was brilliant in the morning sun.
It was yesterday that I saw him walking down the street.
May he live long!
We saw him walking across the street.
He was seen crossing the street.
We saw him walk across the street.
When he was about to pass, the Sphinx jumped in front of him.
I stepped aside so that he could pass.
The errors apparent in his results are due more to carelessness than faulty procedures.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw him lying face down covered with mud.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
You can easily tell that he is a genius.
That he is a genius is clear to everyone.
It is not too much to say that he is a genius.
I saw him enter the store.
He must have missed the train.
It is certain that he missed the train.
I had been reading a book for some time when he called.
We were in the middle of lunch when he gave me a ring.
Ten years have passed since he went to America.
The crowd cheered when he appeared.
I was annoyed with him for his interruptions.
Naturally he got angry.
I think it natural that he got angry.
No wonder he is so angry.
It is rare for him to get angry.
It is quite natural that he should be angry.
I think it natural for him to get angry.
It's natural for him to get angry.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
There's no denying his ability as a pitcher, but he is rather injury-prone.
It is half a year since he went to Tokyo.
On his getting to Tokyo, I'll telephone you.
I think it certain that he went to Tokyo.
No one went to the station to see him off when he left for Tokyo.
Needless to say he is one of the best writers of the present generation.
There was a long interval before he answered.
There was a long interval before he replied.
The train will have started by the time he arrives.
No sooner had he arrived than the bus departed.
Let me know when he will arrive.
He may well be proud of his bright son.
Where the heck does he work?
There is no need for him to work.
It was extraordinary that he did not agree.
It is strange that he should have lost his way.
He was seen crossing the road.
The results he has got are, in the main, satisfactory.
The crowd yelled when he scored a goal.
He did the work on his own.
Let me know why it was that he came suddenly.
I don't know at all why he quit his job suddenly.
His sudden appearance surprised us all.
I was surprised at his sudden appearance.
His sudden appearance gave rise to trouble.
He was seen to go upstairs.
He came to Japan as a child.
He has been in Japan for three years.
It has been two years since he came to Japan.
He is a famous physicist not only in Japan, but in the world.
It has been three months since he left Japan.
It has been ten years since he left Japan.
The door shut after him.
He came in, and at the same time the bell rang.
I had been reading for an hour when he came in.
I had been reading a book for about an hour when he came in.
Did you notice him coming in?
It was dark when he came in.
The atmosphere became strained when he came.
I had been studying English for two hours when he came in.
I had been reading a book when he came in.
There is no hope of his being appointed.
I would have taken care of him if I had known that he was ill with a fever.
It is true that he went bankrupt.
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.
We took it for granted that he had been punished.
He deserves punishment.
We thought it natural that he should be punished.
He's in charge of the sales department.
He or I am to blame.
It was uncertain whether he would marry her.
I agree to his marrying her.
There is no question that he will marry her.
It is a pity that he can not marry her.
The day came at last when he had to part from her.
It stands to reason that he should apologize to her.
It was cruel of him to say such things to her.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
He may well get angry with her.
That he is in love with her is true.
He told her and she smiled.
We couldn't stop him from hitting her.
No one knows whether he loves her or not.
That he loved her was certain.
There's nothing that can be done about his feeling sorry for her.
It's clear from his actions that he loves her.
It was obvious to everybody that he was tired.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
Spectators gathered as he climbed into the plane.
It's a miracle he wasn't killed in the plane crash.
The picture painted by him is of great value.
Look at the picture which he painted.
He cannot have been ill.
He can't have been ill.
Let's keep it secret that he is ill.
Can it be true that he is ill?
It seems obvious that he is unable to swim.
You must allow for his being ill.
The fact that he was sick was not very impressive to her.
It is true that he is ill.
It never occurred to me that he might be ill.
He can't be ill.
You ought to have known that he was sick in bed.
It was the bad weather that caused his illness.
He fell ill three years ago.
Just because he is poor, it does not follow that he is unhappy.
She despises him only because he is poor.
To my surprise, he failed in the exam.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
His rudeness was conscious, not accidental.
He complains with good reason.
He is managing the business for his father.
He will succeed to his father's property.
His face says that he lost.
The news that he had got injured was a shock to her.
It is an open secret that he deals in weapons.
He entered the room, to be confronted by a policeman.
Hardly had he entered the room, when she burst into tears.
He was seen to enter the room.
I noticed him sneak into the room.
He burst into the room.
He had no sooner gone out of the room than all of them burst out laughing.
I heard him go out of the room.
Seeing that he is angry, there must be some misunderstanding.
We had a hard time doing the job because he was always complaining.
In the years he had worked so hard for equality, new laws had been passed.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
I didn't know he had decided to leave.
No wonder he didn't feel like studying.
As he was studying, the door was suddenly flung open.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
I had just finished my homework when he visited me.
We had known him for five years when he died.
His death was partly my fault.
They say that he has been dead for two years.
It is three years since he died.
I ran after him with a pile of papers that he'd left behind.
I know he is busy.
It is impossible that he is busy.
I know that he was busy.
That he was busy is true.
There is no need to take his advice if you don't want to.
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
He put the idea into my head.
I could read between the lines that he wanted me to resign.
He had been reading for two hours when she came in.
You can count on him to tell the truth.
His failure to tell me the truth caused an accident.
It is doubtful whether he is telling the truth.
It's no good his trying to find the true reason.
I can't figure out what he really wants.
He writes a daily journal, and that inspired me to try doing the same thing, but in English.
It is true that he goes abroad every year.
His perfect score brought the class average up.
A burglar broke in while he was asleep.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
We are not alone in believing that he is not guilty.
It goes without saying that he is not guilty.
We have every reason to believe him innocent.
I was relieved to hear that he was safe.
They rejoiced when they heard he was safe.
Make certain that he returned home safely.
The news of his safe arrival delighted his family.
I'm anxious for him to return safe.
There is no hope of his coming back safe.
That he is innocent is quite certain.
It was evident to all of us that he was innocent.
No one believes that he is innocent.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
It is preferable that he gets there by tomorrow.
I wonder whether he'll make it here on time tomorrow. Want to bet a can of juice on it?
I saw him sawing a tree.
She inferred from his silence that he was angry.
Do you think his silence denotes guilt?
I felt myself insulted when he kept silence.
We didn't move so that we would not wake him up.
Let's wait until he wakes up.
When he awoke it was day.
As soon as he returns, I will tell you.
Tell him so, when he comes back.
Give him the message when he comes back.
I will tell him so when he comes back.
When he came back, the woman had walked off.
The hope of his return encouraged me.
How about waiting here until he gets back?
Wait here till he comes back.
There was nothing for it but to wait till he came back.
Whatever will become of his wife if he does not return?
I will finish it by the time he comes back.
We have to stay a decision until he comes back.
I will wait here until he comes back.
Let's wait till he comes back.
It makes no difference to me whether he likes baseball or football.
I want to meet him to see whether or not he gives me useful information.
What do you think made him break his promise?
It is doubtful whether he will keep his word.
It goes without saying that he keeps his promise.
It wasn't easy for him to keep his promise.
He is famous as a good doctor.
He is likely to win the championship.
I could not but admire his courage.
We know him to be a brave man.
It never occurred to me that he might fail his friend.
They say he is guilty, but I believe the contrary.
It cannot be denied that he is guilty.
The fact remains that he is guilty.
I know him for a man of ability.
I see that he is an able man.
The reason which he gave is hard to understand.
It is not so much money as fame that he wanted.
I was taking a bath when he came.
I had written the letter when he came.
When he came, I was doing my homework.
We will leave as soon as he comes.
Let's start as soon as he comes.
Let me know in no time when he comes.
I'll tell him so when he comes.
Let's do it when he comes.
Will you let me know when he comes?
Ask him about it when he comes.
I expected that he would come.
Whether he comes or not, we'll begin the party on time.
I bet five dollars that he will not come.
Seeing that he has not come, he may be on a trip.
It was extraordinary that he did not come.
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.
It doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
It matters little whether he comes or not.
It is doubtful whether he will come or not.
It is uncertain whether he is coming or not.
I don't know whether he comes or not.
It isn't certain whether he will come or not.
It makes no difference whether he will come or not.
I thought it doubtful whether he would come or not.
I doubt if he will come.
I don't know whether he will come or not.
I am doubtful whether he will come.
It makes no difference whether he comes or not.
I think it possible that he may come.
There's no possibility of his coming.
That he will come is certain.
I telephoned to make sure that he was coming.
The news that he would come, quickly got abroad.
You had better be ready in case he comes.
He will blow our party.
I hope that he will come.
It matters little whether he comes late or not.
It is certain that he will come.
It is no good waiting for him to come.
I will wait here till he comes.
Be waiting here until he comes.
Let's wait till he comes.
Is there any likelihood of his coming?
Let me know the time when he will come.
I will get through with my homework before he comes.
It is a pity that he can't come.
There is no guarantee that he'll be back next week.
It is on his father that he depends.
His disappointment was obvious to everyone.
There is no denying that he is clever.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
He is acting for the chief director.
His standing up was the signal for everybody to start leaving the room.
He cannot have gone against his parents.
They shut his water off because he didn't pay the bill.
It was only recently that he got well.
The girl with whom he fell in love left him after a few months.
It's evident to everybody that he's in love.
The girl to whom he is speaking is Nancy.
The matter that he is talking about is important.
Is he speaking English, French, or German?
When he finished speaking, there was a silence.
He spoke, and all were silent.
To hear him talk, you might take him for a girl.
To hear him talk, you would take him for a foreigner.
To hear him speak, you'd take him for a foreigner.
Who is that gentleman to whom he is speaking?
I asked him to stop talking, but he still went on.
His broken arm was the result of a slip on the ice.
The loss of his sense of smell was due to a head injury.
He is sure to succeed in the attempt.
I wish I were as handsome as he.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is the very man that I have waited for.
He may be the very man that I need.
He is the very best inventor in the class.
He is the only person for the job.
He is the very man for the job.
He is the right man for the post.
He is the very man I want.
He is the very person I have wanted to see.
It never occurred to me that he was the right man in the right place.
He is just the man for the job.
It occurred to me that he was the right man.
He is the very best baseball player in our school.
He is a genius, if ever there is one.
He is a real gentleman.
His words pierced to the heart of the matter.
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
Only he read the letter.
His parents as well as he are very kind to me.
Not only he but also I am to go.
He is the only one that doesn't observe the custom.
He's so cool that we all think he's charismatic.
What is he like?
Isn't my boyfriend terrible? He always takes me to see horror movies, even though he knows I don't like them. I hate it.
He is my type!
You really have to manage him carefully.
He is a proud one, you see.
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?
If he can do it well, so much more can we.
I am to meet him at ten.
I'd better see him.
When I understood him I thought better of him.
I feel comfortable in his company.
Being with him always makes me happy.
I never feel at ease in his company.
Don't be so foolish as to go with him.
May I go with him?
I feel relaxed with him.
I wonder what's wrong with him. He keeps breaking his word these days.
There is no getting along with him.
He is very difficult to get along with.
It's very hard to get along with him.
I don't think I can get along with him.
Not a day passes without having an argument with him.
I dream of seeing him there.
For his part he could have done worse.
There was no irritation on his part.
He is the last person I would want to go skiing with.
I compromised with him on the matter.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
I don't think your seeing him is good for you.
I had a quarrel with him about trifles.
I'll fix it up with him.
My association with him did not last long.
I inferred from our conversation that he was unhappy with his job.
I benefited much from my association with him.
He and I have been good friends since we were children.
Do you want me to fix you up with him?
Don't disappoint him.
I have known him for ten years.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
Don't get too close with him.
I get on well with him.
I've been friends with him since we were children.
I'm always meeting him there.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
Do you have access to him?
I cannot get along with him.
I often went fishing with him.
I want to talk frankly with him.
I haven't met him.
He and I have been inseparable friends since our student days.
I am in touch with him.
He's just a business associate.
I just can't get along with him.
I'm on good terms with him.
I once sat at the same table with him at a dinner party.
He is a childhood friend.
Shake hands with him.
If you disagree with him, he is liable to get angry.
Unlike him, his son is tall.
I disputed with him about world peace for an hour.
I feel secure with him.
I had to choose going with him or staying here alone.
Those whom he lived with respected him.
I'm going fishing with him.
I can't bear to work with him.
I hesitated to go to the movie with him.
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
I was happy to see him.
Why did you turn away when you met him?
It's no use arguing with him.
It is no use trying to argue with him.
It is vain to argue with him.
No sooner had I come into contact with him than I determined to get to know him well.
I would rather die than marry him.
I don't intend to marry him.
It is no use arguing with him.
Who is younger, he or I?
He and I are pretty much the same build.
I have nothing in common with him.
His ideas conflict with mine.
He and I walked together.
He and I are cousins.
He and I are classmates.
He and I discussed the waste problem in terms of recycling.
He and I can not speak Spanish.
He and I stayed at the hotel.
He and I are brothers.
He and I are teachers.
He and I are bosom friends.
He and I share a room.
He is my namesake, but no relation.
You must not come in contact with him.
You must not keep in touch with him.
You should have nothing to do with him.
I had to meet him halfway.
I got to know him.
I have known him for two years.
How long have you known him?
Have you known him for a long time?
I fell into company with him.
I want to come to terms with him.
No one can cope with him.
When I talked with him on the phone, he sounded tired.
I, as well as he, am not convinced.
You as well as he are diligent.
I am no more diligent than he is.
I cannot tell him from his brother.
It is easy to tell him from his brother.
A gulf divided him from them.
When he got her alone for a moment, he asked for a date.
He and she got married three years ago.
Don't keep company with him.
He is difficult to get along with.
I found it difficult to get along with him.
You'd better not keep company with him.
We can just about read each other's minds.
Make an appointment with him.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
I am meeting him next Friday.
Could you get in touch with him?
I want to contact him. Do you know his phone number?
I want to have a talk with him.
Did you ever talk to him?
Please don't cut in while I'm talking with him.
Keep off the religious issue when talking with him.
It doesn't pay to talk with him.
It is no use talking to him. He never listens.
We may as well begin without him.
He is good for five thousand dollars.
He'll always come through.
I'm sure he can give you a good game of tennis.
He is doing a super job.
He can say such things.
He could do it.
No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
He can be trusted.
He is able to do it better than I am.
He deserves a promotion.
He is a good match for me.
He will make my sister a good husband.
I owe him 1,dollars.
He suckered me out of ten dollars.
He kept me waiting for an hour.
He was paid 10,dollars.
Don't speak to him like that.
As soon as she met him, she burst into tears.
You will have to apologize when you see him.
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
Let me introduce you to him.
Don't expect too much of him.
He will be given American citizenship.
We must stop him from doing such stupid things.
He put me off with a vague answer.
I threw him a nice ball.
When I told him I had some good news for him, he was all ears.
When would you like to see him?
I offered him whisky or gin, but he said he didn't need either.
I got even with him.
I expect much of him.
I will make him pay the money.
When I asked him to lend me some money, he turned down my request.
You might just as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to him.
Let him pay for it.
I've got to remember to return this money to him.
I accommodated him with money.
He gave me a cold.
We've got to shake him up.
I had him carry my bag.
Please pour him a glass of beer.
Can he do this job?
He is not equal to the task.
If he finds out, certainly he will be very angry.
I will have him repair this watch.
Shall I have him mail this letter?
I'll get him to carry this case upstairs.
I want him to read this.
I tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more.
Do you want him?
I'm going to ask him for an autograph. Do you have anything to write with?
The fan asked for his autograph.
I cannot do otherwise than obey him.
Tell him to come here at once.
I demanded that he pay the debt back at once.
I asked him to do that.
We made a point of his going there.
It is no use trying to convince him of that.
It was discreet of you to keep it a secret from him.
Don't trust him with such a large sum of money.
I will have him carry the baggage upstairs.
When I told him I liked the picture, I really meant that.
He shall pay you the money at once.
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
Get him to help you with the work.
Did you acquaint him with the fact?
I gave him the book.
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?
Let him do it.
I couldn't get him to do it.
He shall have it.
Don't let him touch it.
Let him do it alone.
Don't let him do it alone.
It is marvelous that he should have done such a thing.
Don't put such silly thoughts into his head.
You shouldn't say such rude things to him.
Give him plenty of work to do.
You can ask him for help.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
It is next to impossible to make him stop smoking.
I warned you off about him.
Give him a break!
Give him a fair half.
That is all I know about him.
I will tell you about him.
I had enough to keep up with him.
What I told you about him also holds good for his brother.
Rumors were current about him.
Many a story has been told about him.
Judging by what everyone says about him, I think he is just the right man for the post.
The trouble with him is that he is not punctual.
I managed to make him understand it.
I may have met him somewhere before, but I can't recall where.
Ask him where he parked his car.
It was easy for him to answer the quiz.
It is easy for him to carry the stone.
To him wealth is the great prize in life.
Everything went well with him.
It will be difficult for him to speak in public.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
She is everything to him.
It's easy for him to compose a good poem.
He won't have a look-in.
However much advice we give him, he still does exactly what he wants.
Whatever faults he may have, meanness is not one of them.
He has a daughter who is pretty.
He doesn't have the ability to do the work properly.
He has a daughter who is very pretty.
I have no fault to find with him.
He has several men to work for him.
He is a bit of a coward.
He has knowledge and experience as well.
He has a son and two daughters.
He had two or three rather competent assistants.
He has two sons that don't go to school yet.
He has two daughters, one is a pianist and the other is a violist.
He has two daughters.
He has no less than three hundred books.
He has three sons, who work in the same office.
He has a strong shoulder for you to lean on.
I'd rather not meet him.
He was suspect in that he had no alibi.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
I cannot thank him enough.
In an emergency he had nothing to fall back upon.
As is usual with him, he arrived a quarter of an hour late.
I'm always surprised by him.
He has a nice place in the country.
For all his faults, I like him.
It seemed that he was short of money.
He has no girlfriend.
He has a fair income.
He has something of the artist in him.
I can't seem to get him to fix this machine.
He had no idea what these words meant.
He is equal to this work.
He did not relish this simple family life.
He has no title to this land.
Let's conceal this secret from him.
It's as easy as pie for him.
I don't remember when I first met him.
He has a son whose name is John.
He had a magnificent sense of humor.
He had a lot of work to do.
He has a lot of things to do.
He had no particular reason to go there.
To him those five minutes seemed like five hours.
He had no friend from whom he could borrow the money.
He found the shoes too small for him.
He is not up to the task.
He has the ability to do the job.
I doubt his ability to do the job.
He is competent for the job.
He is to blame for the failure.
He had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
He has the strength to survive the illness.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
Will he have the backbone to speak out against the bill?
He didn't have enough experience to cope with the problem.
I don't doubt his ability to do it.
He could make nothing of it.
He is unable to do it.
He had no confidence to do it.
He has good grounds for believing that.
It is right up his alley.
He doesn't need such treatment.
Having often seen him, I know him quite well.
He is easy to reach.
He had a strong alibi.
I just can't seem to outdo him. I've got a lot to learn.
There's something unusual about him.
There's something mysterious about him.
He doesn't have a dry sense of humor.
It is difficult to gain access to him.
He has no specific aim.
He had little, if anything, to say.
I'll be seeing him again.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He has another son.
He can't endure anymore .
I can't put up with him any longer.
He doesn't understand the principle of the thing.
He seems to be bankrupt of humor.
As is often the case with him, he cheated in that exam.
As is often the case with him, he went to the office without shaving.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
As is often the case with him, he was late for school.
He made an error, as he often does.
As is the case with him, he reported the event.
He was absent from school today, as is often the case with him.
As is often the case with him, he came late.
As is often the case with him, he was late again.
He made a careless mistake, as is often the case with him.
He came late, as is often the case with him.
As is often the case with him, he was late.
As is often the case with him, he sits up late at night.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class.
That day he went to school by bicycle, as is usual with him.
He is learned in Russian.
He is a constant subject of scandal.
Having seen him before, I recognized him at once.
He had three sons who became doctors.
He has no friend to play with.
He uses extreme care when he drives in the rain.
It is true that he has a habit of inventing lies.
He is in want of exercise.
Though timid in some respects, he was very bold in others.
He has a genius for music.
He has three sons who became musicians.
He has something of the musician in him.
He has something to complain of.
I have not seen him in months.
He is cursed with idle sons.
He is free from care.
I've got nothing to say to him.
He didn't dare say anything.
I have seen him many times.
He seems to hold people from Kakogawa in contempt.
He had time to lose himself in his amusement.
I can't put up with him.
He has the capacity to become an accountant.
He has two sons, I believe.
He feels the cold very much.
I cannot thank him too much.
Be on your guard against him.
He has some income in addition to his salary.
He has no capacity to be a teacher.
He'd had no experience of teaching, but he plunged in nonetheless.
He needs discipline.
He shall have a holiday one of these days.
He has a son of your age.
He did not intend to hurt your feelings.
He can't have heard you.
He didn't mean to hurt you.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He has two brothers, one lives in Osaka and the other in Kobe.
He has managerial talent.
He has no sense of economy.
I blew the whistle on him.
He has an outstanding talent for music.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
I admire him, in spite of his faults.
I like him the better for his faults.
I cannot help liking him in spite of his many faults.
He has some faults, but I like him none the less.
He cannot afford to marry.
He has got both authority and ability.
He had no notion of leaving his hometown.
He has as many as five brothers.
He has no close friends to talk with.
I asked him not to go, but he left all the same.
He has fund of information about world politics.
His nationality counted against him.
He is giving me a hard time.
Talented isn't the word for him.
He has three brothers.
He has three children.
He had three sons.
He has only one servant to attend on him.
He has three sisters; one is in Tokyo and the others are in Nagoya.
He has no less than twelve children.
Does he have any children?
He has no children.
He hasn't any children.
He has not more than three children.
He has no children, but he is leading an otherwise happy life.
Has he any children?
He has not less than five children.
He didn't have time to spend with his children.
He persuades you in spite of yourself.
His thoughts are empty of idea.
He had no chance to visit us.
I can't distinguish him from his brother.
He had something that I didn't have - faith.
He had no intention of assisting my job.
I hope he will get through the exam.
He has enough ability to manage a business.
He has the ability to manage a business.
He can't tell fact from fiction.
I see him once in a while.
He didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
He has no idea of his own.
He has no children to succeed to him.
He doesn't have the capacity to be president.
I like him all the more for his weaknesses.
I didn't get anywhere with him.
He has no house in which to live.
He has no house to live in.
He had no friend to help him.
He has two sons who became merchants.
He is not aggressive enough to succeed in business.
There is nothing funny about him.
He has not a little experience.
He is devoid of common sense.
He has an eye for the beautiful.
He has no eye for beautiful.
He can't afford a new car.
He hasn't the nerve to tell the truth.
He has an air of mystery about him.
He is nothing of a gentleman.
He doesn't have a particle of kindness in his heart.
He is devoid of human feeling.
I met him on several occasions.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
He has a pension to live on.
He has a knowledge of biology.
He is mentally handicapped.
He is his teachers' despair.
I haven't met him before.
He can't tell right from wrong.
I was very much annoyed with him.
He has a great sense of humour.
He had the ambition to be prime minister.
He has two sons, who became merchants.
He has three sons, who became musicians.
He had three sons, who all became doctors.
He had two sons, who both became teachers.
He never had enough food to give to someone else.
He has plenty of quality.
He has a knowledge of economics.
He has the ability to carry out big plans.
He had time to lose himself in his favorite amusement.
He has many acquaintances but few friends.
He is possessed of intelligence.
I met him about noon.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He has natural gifts.
He didn't have enough money to ride home on the train.
He lacks moral sense.
He was awarded a special prize.
He had two sons, who became doctors.
I don't want to see him again.
I never saw him again, nor did I regret it.
He has no daily necessities, much less luxuries.
He has many enthusiastic supporters.
Has he got any experience of farming?
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
He has no basis for his opposition.
He will answer for his crimes.
He had three servants to wait on him.
He has a good case against her.
He will have no chance of winning her heart.
He is blind to her kindness.
He could not comprehend the value of her advice.
He is none the happier for his beautiful wife.
He is without parallel.
He did not have enough money.
He's got nothing to grouse about.
He has the advantage of wealth.
He has a large family to provide for.
He had a large family to support.
He was bound to pay his father's debt.
He has swords and purse.
He has no sympathy for single parent families.
He has no room to study in.
He had three sons who became lawyers.
He is qualified as a solicitor.
He had some urgent news to tell me.
He really gets across me.
He gave me quite a start.
He has a sister and she goes to school, too.
He has two daughters, who are married.
He has three daughters; one is married, but the others aren't.
He has two daughters, both of whom are married to doctors.
His daughter is very dear to him.
He is in the habit of staying up late at night.
He has a position.
He is lacking in courage.
He cannot appreciate friendship.
He doesn't have any friends.
You can easily see the politician in him.
A brilliant future lay before him.
He has a family to support.
He has no family to support.
He has a large family to support.
He has a plan to go abroad next year.
He has no friends to fall back on.
He has two beautiful boys.
He has the ability to make a good plan.
He couldn't tell green from blue.
He has an inferiority complex.
You'd better not tell him.
He had no friend to talk to.
He gave me a bad cold.
He gave me a hard time.
What would you say to convince him to buy one?
He is foolish meeting her again.
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
It is no use asking him again.
Ask if he wants another drink.
Ask him to stay a while.
If anything happens to him, let me know.
He has his own collection of phobias.
I advised him to start earlier.
Please bring him his beer.
It's probably a good idea for us to speak in English, so he'll be able to understand.
Let him at it.
We will let him try.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
As is often the case with him, he was late for class today.
Do you see him often?
Do you see much of him?
What was said by him?
In his opinion, the plan is far from perfect.
Please give him my best regards.
Please say hello to him for me.
She waved both her hands so that he could find her.
There is a scandal about him.
I remember having seen him somewhere before.
I want him to sing a song.
Give him a piece of advice.
Don't let him do it for himself.
She must have some nerve to go and meet him by herself.
His son troubled him most.
I took a swing at him.
I wish I hadn't lied to him. I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
It was good if the lie wasn't added to him.
I taught him how to swim.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
Ask him the way to station.
You have only to ask for his help.
There is no use in asking him for assistance.
Can you give him first aid?
Please tell me what happened to him.
I inquired what he wanted.
Forget it. There's no sense giving him advice.
I asked what he was going to do.
How often do you see him?
Will you sell your house to him?
I persuaded him to take on the family business.
I let him get the credit.
I had him carry my baggage.
He openly confessed his faults.
Let him go his own way.
I'm longing to see him.
I telephoned to say that I wanted to see him.
I would like to meet him.
I went to see him, but he was out.
Can you meet him?
Every time I saw him, I was overcome with his brilliance.
Every time I meet him, I feel so happy.
I will meet him some other time.
If only I get a chance to see him.
I passed up an opportunity to see him.
I was not able to see him.
I cannot think that I will ever meet him.
Before meeting him, Pizzaro hid many of his men and guns near the town.
You may catch him.
I remember seeing him.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry with me.
This is the second time that I have met him.
In case you see him, please say hello to him for me.
In case you see him, give him my regards.
She didn't know the information till she met him.
You didn't see him.
Tell him not to be late for school.
Don't meddle in his affairs.
So far as he was concerned, things were going well.
I found it truly regrettable that he should take offence.
He had the jump on me.
He is no longer full of activity.
To add to his difficulties his son died a sudden death.
He acquired the habit of smoking.
Don't cross him or you'll regret it.
Don't oppose him.
I advised him to take a rest.
I'll ask him where he is planning to go during the vacation.
I signed for him to approach.
I demanded that he should pay.
You had as well throw your money into the ditch as give it to him.
You should have known better than to lend him money.
It was very kind of you to lend him some money.
It is stupid of you to lend him your money.
What a fool I was to lend him the money.
He shall go to the bank.
Let him play your guitar.
I mentioned your name to him.
Ask him to sketch out his plan.
Did you advise him to go to the police?
It was difficult to persuade him to change his mind.
Nothing could induce him to change his mind.
Luckily he did not see me.
I remember giving him the key.
Give him rigid training.
I would be grateful if you could give him some information on local conditions.
Let him say what he will.
Let him have his say.
He had his share of luck.
Please tell him to get rid of the dead leaves.
I left the rest to him and went out.
I have given leave to do what he likes.
Woe betide him!
I entrusted my property to him.
It is useless to try to persuade him to agree.
I remember well the time I first met him.
Will you tell him I called?
It took a long time for me to convince him that I was right.
I couldn't make him understand my English.
I had him paint my house.
I got him to mend my watch.
I got him to clean my room.
We learned that he had an accident.
I think it is important to tell him the facts.
We didn't need to ask him to resign.
After I asked him a question, what he meant was clarified.
Did you acknowledge his letter?
You cannot prevent him from drinking.
I intended to hand the paper to him, but I forgot to.
It's no use asking him for help.
She was too proud to ask him for help.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
It is a good idea asking him for help.
I gave him some helpful advice.
Why don't we ask his advice?
I not only gave him some advice, I gave him some money.
There's little merit in asking him for help.
He is impossible to beat.
I mailed a parcel to him.
If you would like me to introduce you to him, I will write him right away.
Please give him detailed and specific directions.
She cooked him meals.
I provided him with food.
I furnished them with food.
He got a new job.
I impregnated his mind with new ideas.
I am deeply in debt to him.
It is honest of her to tell him the truth.
His prospects of success are barred.
I admit that he is sincere.
He was absolved from blame.
He is under suspicion of theft.
His explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Please wait on him first.
I was itching for him to finish his talk.
I asked him to open the window.
I met him halfway and lent him $100.
Try sounding him out and see if he'll come around.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
His wife's misunderstanding about him did not go away.
My attitude towards him changed.
Tell him to wait.
Let me put him on.
I undertook responsibility for him.
Just a minute, please. I'll call him to the phone.
I handed a map to him.
Try to keep up with him.
You should apologize to him for coming late.
I told him not to be late.
I cautioned him against being late.
Giving advice to him is like talking to a brick wall.
There is no point in giving him advice.
I will write him a civil answer.
I wrote a long letter to him.
I hope he will live long.
It took me at least half an hour to get the message across to him in English.
I had difficulty in making him understand the message in English.
I called him up.
Did you telephone him?
Why don't you call him up?
I tried to call him, but the line was busy, and I couldn't get through.
I'll give him a buzz.
Please call him up.
I forget to telephone him.
I should have known better than to call him.
I called him up, but he wasn't there.
I was going to call him, but thought better of it.
Please ask him to call me.
I tried to call him up, but the line was busy.
Let him use the telephone.
I couldn't get him on the phone.
I hope he hasn't had an accident.
Don't tell him the answer.
I don't want to bow down to him.
I felt sympathy for him.
I read the letter to him.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
There is no point in trying to introduce Japanese literature to him.
If you leave it to him, it'll be all right.
Let's leave it up to him.
It was gambling that brought about his ruin.
Make him feel that he is still someone important.
You may as well tell him nothing about her.
Lend him as much money as he needs.
What he needs is not money but love.
Don't give him more money than is necessary.
Nothing comes amiss to him.
The judgement went against him.
It's no easy task to keep up with him.
He has none of his father's aggressiveness.
I want to get even with him for the insult.
It is no use getting angry at him.
I had a good dinner at his expense.
It is just that we should pay his share.
I keep telling him to listen, but he won't.
She said good-bye to him and left the house.
I took leave of him.
Grab him.
It is careless of you tell him the truth.
I would rather you hadn't told him the truth.
I'm crazy about him!
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
The task assigned to him was to do marketing research.
I have business with him.
I will have him come.
Have him come.
I'll ask him if he will come.
I had no choice but to do what he asked.
If you ask him, he will help you.
He accommodated me when I asked him for change.
She turned her head away lest he see her tears.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
Judging from what he says, he seems to be a man of ability.
It is useless to talk to him.
Few girls can even speak to him.
You may as well talk to a stone wall as to him.
It is no use talking with him.
You may speak to him.
It would be better for you to speak to him.
It would be nice to tell her.
I didn't need to tell him.
What is the theme of his latest novel?
You can rely on his proven ability.
His anger is understandable.
It's difficult to evaluate his ability.
His two sons wanted their father's house.
One of his two daughters lives in Tokyo, and the other in Nara.
His idea is superior to yours.
His idea is beyond the reach of my understanding.
His idea counts for nothing.
Judging from his accent, he is from Kansai.
You can see from his chin that takes after his father.
I hit him on the chin.
That nickname fits him perfectly.
I've had quite enough of his impudence.
His advice inclined me to change my mind.
His advice encouraged me to try it again.
None of his advice was very useful.
Did that uncle of his often visit America?
I can't stand that attitude of his.
That story of his sounds very unlikely.
All his endeavors proved unsuccessful.
His alibi is above suspicion.
His alibi seemed cast-iron.
His poor dog is still alive.
Try to bring out the best in him.
According to him, she is honest.
What he said bears out my assumption.
I can hardly hear him.
What he said was brief and to the point.
What he says is brief and to the point.
I can't make him out.
Mr. Suzuki is angry about Tom's prank.
His shot didn't carry well against the wind.
He lived and died in obscurity.
What he said is capable of several interpretations.
What he said is a good idea.
What he said is still dark.
Is there any evidence that supports his position?
What he says has nothing to do with this problem.
What he's saying just isn't consistent.
Don't speak ill of him in his absence.
His cordiality may not be authentic.
His family is very large.
His nagging distressed her.
Did you hear of him?
If it had not been for his error, we would have won.
What size of collar does he take?
His nephew was absorbed in the splendid fireworks.
His motorcycle is the latest model.
His overcoat is worn out.
He blew the deal.
Thanks to him, I could get a job.
He stuck me with debts of 1,000,yen.
His grandfather died of cancer a year ago.
His grandfather went off the deep end about five years ago.
His grandfather is what is called a self-made man.
How old might his grandfather be?
His uncle will undertake the responsibility for him.
His uncle went to Europe on business a week ago and he is now either in London or in Paris.
His uncle died five years ago.
His grandmother looks healthy.
His aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
His aunt looks young.
The ice gave way under his weight.
His money was all gone.
His brother passed away last month.
His brother is a famous soccer player.
No one will be caught by his flattery.
His father died after his return home.
His father doesn't play golf.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
I hear that his father is abroad.
It is said that his father is in hospital now.
His father calls him Tom.
His mother is constantly complaining about it.
His mother used to be a singer.
His mother is an English teacher.
His mother looks young for her age.
His mother will not consent to his going there alone.
His bag was badly damaged.
His camera is three times as expensive as mine.
Let me go in place of him.
His affectations are annoying.
His absence yesterday was due to his cold.
Our conversation was interrupted by his sneezes.
There is no end to his complaining.
He studied as hard as anybody in his class.
At times I can't understand him.
I know nothing about him.
I don't know any more about him. I know him, but only to say hello to.
She may well be angry at his remark.
The magic of his words attracted the audience.
It's hardly worthwhile worrying about him.
I do not know anything about him.
I can answer for his honesty, since I have known him for a long time.
Do not take any notice of him.
I just know his name, that's all.
I thought he was an American but he turned out to be an Englishman.
I could not help feeling sorry for him.
It gradually dawned on me that I had misunderstood him.
To do him justice, he is honest.
To do him justice, he is a man of common sense.
You say he is a workaholic, but you know there are some people who feel happiest when they're working.
Don't laugh at him.
I cannot help laughing at him.
The more you know about him, the more you like him.
I cannot but feel sorry for him.
Tell me about him.
He has had a clean record for the past ten years.
This invention of his proved to be of great value.
This book of his isn't interesting at all.
At his concerts, she screams for him from a distance.
His concert attracted many people.
His concert was unreal.
It is worthwhile listening to his concert.
What he did was against humanity.
What he did is not wrong.
His shirt was stained with sauce.
He spoke too fast for the student.
Some people laugh at his jokes, but others don't.
His joke killed me.
Everybody could not help laughing at his joke.
His jokes are always flat.
I could not help laughing at his jokes.
I couldn't help laughing at his joke.
Every effort will be made to obtain tickets to his showing.
His shirt was gray and the tie was yellow.
He is far above me in skiing.
His skill at skiing is the admiration of us.
We fully appreciate his excellence as a skier.
His great symphony was performed.
He's really something to see every time he gets up on stage.
His excellent work stands out.
I was disappointed with his speech.
Tell me the substance of his speech.
The content of his speech was very good.
His speech went on and on.
His speech bored me.
His speech appealed to us.
His speech was short and to the point.
His speech moved them to tears.
The content of his speech was interesting.
He was purged of all suspicion.
The seat of his pants is shiny.
His slacks are all wrinkled.
His extravagance is out of proportion to his wage.
Don't let what he said get to you. He was just getting back at you for what you said.
Such conduct on his part gave rise to her parents' suspicion.
He said the words in a very small voice.
His courage is worthy of high praise.
That paper of his deal with environmental problems.
Do you know the way that he does it?
His brief repose was interrupted by her arrival.
His overall was covered with paint-stains.
He has atrocious table manners.
His designs are highly original.
I have been in his employ for just twenty years.
Each time I went to see him, I found him at work.
You had better make sure that he is at home, before you call on him.
He had everyone howling with his stories of all his past bloopers.
I made a dive for his knife.
His accent suggests he is a foreigner.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Kyushu.
His tie came undone.
His tie corresponds well with his suit.
I began to see what he was getting at.
The insurance on his violin costs $a year.
His bike ran into a guard-rail.
The food is very good in the dormitory where he lives.
His foolish proposal was approved unanimously.
His object in traveling to Paris was to meet with the President.
He has a bad style.
He is making good progress in playing the piano.
His piano playing sounded fantastic.
His business plan looks good on paper but I get the feeling it would never work in practice.
I was annoyed with him for being so late.
I slept through his dull speech.
We all laughed at his pink tuxedo.
His immoral actions did not go unnoticed.
The girl looked embarrassed at his rude question.
His pride was slightly touched.
His knowledge of French is poor.
It is evident from his behavior that he lies.
His behavior is always honorable.
His behavior was anything but polite.
His behavior won general applause.
His behavior really got on my nerves.
I felt disgust at his behavior.
I'm looking forward to his present.
His project was funded by grants.
He is taller than his brother.
He can do it far better than I can.
There was no objection on his part.
There was no mistake on his part.
The odds are in his favor.
His bark is worse than his bite.
The scar on his cheek hardly shows now.
The spectators were excited by his home run.
His handling of the ball borders on wizardry.
All of us went besides him.
Everyone but him comes from Kyushu.
I have no money in my pocket.
Her cheeks began to glow at his compliments.
His diligence turned out a disadvantage after all.
They attributed his bad manners to lack of training in childhood.
I was embarrassed by his bad manners.
His manners were far from pleasant.
His stupid answer surprised everybody.
He's well respected for his management skills.
His error brought the project to nothing.
May his soul rest in Heaven.
Can you establish his innocence?
His son has a gift for music.
There is no doubt that his sons are good boys.
His e-mail address is hirosey@genet.co.jp.
No woman could measure up to his standard.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He bored me with his endless tales.
There must be some reason for what he has done.
It was entirely by chance that I found out what he was doing.
His way of doing things was much disliked.
His infectious humor stimulated applause.
He has a very good sense of humor.
This is a historical examination of the birth of his unique architectural style.
I was most impressed by his good behavior.
I don't go for men of his type.
Such an alert man as he couldn't have failed to adapt himself to the new situation.
Such a diligent man as he is sure to succeed.
We shall not see his like again.
It will take you a whole lifetime to understand a crank like him.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is successful.
His lighter has done ten years' service.
His report has just been handed in.
I'm annoyed at his selfishness.
His selfishness was such that nobody liked him.
Nothing vexed her more than his selfishness.
His wagon drew up at the entrance to the market.
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.
It was difficult to live on his meager earnings.
Nothing replaced his love.
His love grew cold.
His affection is cooling.
His poor grades may come from lack of study.
I will cure him of the bad habit.
There is no sense in speaking ill of him.
Don't call him names.
But for his steady support, my venture would have resulted in a failure.
I'm anxious about his safety.
His idea is too abstract to be of practical use to us.
His plan seems very good from my point of view.
His request was equivalent to an order.
His great learning has at last been recognized.
His great ability was fully appreciated by his friends.
It should be added that his remarks had no direct influence on the constituency.
I do not suspect that his opinion is any different from ours.
His ideas carry a lot of weight.
His opinions carry weight.
His opinion is free from prejudice.
I am in accord with his view.
Some object to his opinion.
His opinion was unimportant.
His opinion is right to some extent.
His opinion is always of no use.
His opinion is for the birds.
His opinion adds a new light to the question.
His view is quite logical.
His opinions are in accord with ours.
His opinion is quite different from ours.
His opinion was completely beside the point.
His remarks added up to a condemnation of my plan.
He is humble about his opinion.
His opinion is different from mine.
His views are in accord with mine.
His opinion comes into conflict with mine.
His opinion is in conflict with mine.
His opinion was not accepted.
His opinion doesn't count.
His opinion is quite just.
His opinion will probably be accepted.
His opinion is generally correct.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
I thought his remarks very apropos.
His opinion does not arouse any echo in his colleagues.
His opinion is reasonable.
His ideas sound crazy.
He differs in opinion from her.
His opinions are variable.
His opinion inclines towards the conservative.
His remark was really out of line.
It would not be amiss to ask his views.
I want you to meet him in order to hear his opinion.
Don't go against his wishes.
We should confirm his intentions once more.
He won the day by virtue of his strength of will.
His will was transmitted to his younger brother.
His nasty comments fueled the argument.
His clothes are worn out.
His ashes are buried here.
He leaves a widow and a daughter.
His doctor told him not to drink alcohol.
His doctor advised him to give up smoking.
His family moved into a new house in the suburbs.
His only son succeeded to all his wealth.
All his hopes evaporated when he lost his only son in the war.
His life was full of ups and downs.
His life was full of variety.
His chief attraction lies in his character, not his books.
His drinking habit is an old one.
His right leg was asleep.
His lie complicated matters.
I know of him, but I don't know him personally.
Have you ever heard of him?
His driving was against traffic rules.
He is a very careful driver.
His doom is sealed.
His luck has changed, he is going to the dogs, but no one even lifts a finger to help him.
His influence is still potent.
What I don't like about his films is that they're not grounded in reality.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his English.
His score on the English test is quite satisfactory.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
His knowledge of English is poor.
His ability in English is above average.
His English has a murky, muddled sound to it, don't you think?
His English is coming along pretty well.
His English is quite good.
He has recently made remarkable progress in English.
His English leaves nothing to be desired.
He made remarkable progress in English.
His command of English is on a par with mine.
He has made remarkable progress in English.
His English composition has nine mistakes in as many lines.
His English composition has few, if any, mistakes.
Errors are few, if any, in his English composition.
His sharp eyes never missed a mistake.
With his father's help, he would have succeeded in this task sooner.
Had it not been for his aid, I could not have finished the work.
I hope you'll get his support.
His support carried my father through.
I can do without his help.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
His help is indispensable to us.
You cannot rely on his help.
His help has been invaluable.
Don't count on his assistance.
Don't rely on his help.
Don't count on his help.
His performance was fair game for criticism.
His acting left nothing to be desired.
His performance fell short of expectations.
His acting is far from being perfect.
There was a touch of irony in his speech.
His speech contained many fine phrases.
His speech contained very little matter.
A summary of his speech was printed in the newspaper.
His speech was very poor.
His speech continued for three hours.
His speech was too short.
His speech is very eloquent.
His speech was not altogether bad.
His speech captured our attention.
His address is a concise speech.
His speech was brief and to the point.
His speech was lacking in soul.
His speeches were welcomed by large audiences all over the country.
I could understand the first few sentences, but the rest of his speech was all Greek to me.
His speech made a good impression on me.
His speech impressed us very much.
His speech had an effect on our emotions.
Your speech was splendid.
His speech was an effective apology for the Government's policies.
His speech met with enthusiastic applause.
His speech was intolerably dull.
His speech was very impressive. You should have been there.
His speech is too abstract to understand.
His speech went down well with the audience.
His speech held the attention of the audience.
His speech didn't reflect the sense of the party.
His speech is worth listening to.
You must record his speech.
A strange incident happened during his speech.
I don't think that his performance was any good.
His performance was worthy of praise.
His performance left nothing to be desired.
His performance was amazing.
His cigarette burned a hole in her dress.
His pencil has a sharp point.
His nephew was brought up to be modest and considerate.
His wife whom I met at the station, is very attractive.
What is his wife like?
His wife is quite a talented woman.
His wife is French.
His wife seems to be foreign.
His wife goes with him wherever he goes.
I get scared just walking past him.
His arrogance is no longer tolerable.
His friends were uncomfortable with his high-handed attitude.
His tyrannies were beyond endurance.
His music is sweeping the whole country.
His music and words appeal to young people.
His taste in music is superb.
His musical ability was fostered in Vienna.
His music is too noisy.
His music has attained great popularity overseas.
His music appeals to young people.
His music was not popular at home.
Music is his abiding passion.
I would rather starve than work under him.
I would rather quit than work under him.
I wasn't content to work under him.
His poor song was laughed at by all the students.
I tried in vain to catch him out.
His lecture on chemistry was nothing but torture.
I found that his house was on fire.
His house was broken into by burglars last week.
His house was on fire.
His house is somewhere about here.
He lives within earshot of my house.
Let's call at his house.
There's been a death in his family.
His house was struck by lightning.
There are no hospitals in the vicinity of his house.
A pine stands in front of his house.
His family has dollars coming in every month.
There is a large garden at the back of his house.
His house was sold for $10,000.
He lives two doors off.
His house is somewhere about Fourth Street.
His house is full of convenience.
His house is not far from here.
His house is on the opposite side of the street.
His house isn't far from this store.
His house is on the bank of the river.
His house stands by a lot of tall buildings.
His house is just over the road.
His house is just across from the post office.
His house is within a short walk of the station.
How many stories does his house have?
His house is within a stone's throw of his school.
His house was built of logs.
His house is at the foot of the hill.
His house is beyond the hill.
His house stands on the hill.
His house stands on the hill-side and commands a splendid view.
His house is on the other side of the bridge.
His house is easy to find.
His house is a tumbledown affair.
His house is on the skirts of the city.
His house confronts mine.
His house seems small beside mine.
His house is three times larger than mine.
His house was small and old.
His house stands by the river.
His house is on the south side of the river.
His house was burnt down.
He belongs to a large family.
His house is across the street.
His house is for sale.
His family was poor, and poor people did not often hear music.
His house is at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
His house was out of the way.
Will you kindly show me the way to his house?
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.
Will you tell me the way to his house?
I failed in finding his house.
I had a hard time finding his house.
We had some difficulty finding his house.
I had some trouble in finding his house.
There's no way to find his house.
His house argues him to be poor.
Looking for his house, I walked about for over an hour.
When I called at his house, he was absent.
His family dates back to the seventeenth century.
There was a new addition to his family.
His family lacks for nothing.
His family members are all tall.
It's all right on the part of his family.
His family emigrated from their mother country to Brazil forty years ago.
His family are early risers.
His family is rather badly off.
All of his family work on a farm.
His family are all very well.
His family had been wheat farmers.
His family is large.
His is a large family.
His family works in the fields.
His family adored him; in a sense he was spoiled by them.
His family has to live on his small income.
His family will be told of his death.
His scientific discovery unlocked many mysteries.
I really liked his style of singing.
His songs were very popular with young people.
Have you ever heard him sing?
The weapons were concealed in the bottom of his baggage.
I don't know anything as to his past.
His past successes count for nothing.
I pardoned his fault.
His patience reached its limit.
His company is dangling by a thread. That's the rumor I hear.
Foreign workers make up 30% of his company.
Machines that his company produces are superior to ours.
He is losing ground in his company.
I couldn't get hold of him at his office.
His office is very close to mine.
His company is extending its business.
His company makes profits from car exports.
His company was singled out as the most successful small business in the region.
His company went bankrupt, and to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
His company is one of the best managed companies in Japan.
His company is under his control.
His solution was only a temporary one.
Few people understood his comment.
Everything about him was grey.
His answer is not altogether satisfactory to us.
His answer was far from satisfactory.
There is not a little hope of his recovery.
What are the prospects for his recovery?
His recovery was nothing short of a miracle.
His picture got accepted.
His pictures were hung on the wall.
His paintings so impressed me that I was interested in him.
His pictures are very famous.
His paintings seem strange to me.
His pictures leave nothing to be desired.
His picture was accepted for the Nika Exhibition.
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.
His appearance deceived me.
His appearance has changed so much that you may well not recognize him.
He looks wealthy, but actually he's not.
He estimates that the new house will cost roughly thirty million yen.
He has a good school record.
His school stands on a high hill.
When his theory was first put forward, nobody bought it.
His academic achievements are impressive.
Sweat was pouring from his brow.
There were beads of sweat on his forehead.
Beads of sweat stood on his forehead.
He wiped the sweat from his forehead.
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.
Sweat bathed his forehead.
His bag was heavy, and what was worse, one of his heels had got blistered.
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.
His bag was filled with water.
We were afraid that we might hurt him.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
Have respect for his feelings.
Don't fall for his sugar-coated words.
His audience is falling off these days.
He is accurate in his observation.
His eyes redeem his face from sternness.
His eyes betrayed his fear.
You should reckon with his obstinate character.
All the color drained away from his face.
From the look on his face, he is in a bad mood now.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
His face and attitude showed the scorn he felt.
I gathered from his looks he was angry with me.
His face registered fear and anxiety.
Anger showed on his face.
The sweat stood on his face.
A rash appeared on his face.
His face brightened.
I remember his face but I can't call his name to mind.
His face lighted up with joy.
His face was alight with joy.
His face was twisted with pain.
His face radiated enthusiasm.
His face turned white.
His face is known to many people.
His face was covered with mud.
His face turned red with anger.
His face was ablaze with anger.
His face was shadowed from the light.
I slapped him in the face.
One glance at his face told me that he was reluctant to work.
His face reminded me of one of my friends in my senior high school days.
His face showed that he was annoyed.
His wish was realized at last.
His wish is to go to America.
His desire is to go into business.
His attempt ended in failure.
His attempt proved to be a failure.
His plan is difficult and expensive; it is completely out of the question.
His hopes were shattered.
He is more or less drunk.
There was so much stuff on his desk that he had nowhere to write.
He is rarely in a good mood.
I was completely bewildered by his sudden change of mood.
I found it difficult to please him.
I wonder why he is late.
I calculate he will be late coming home.
I can't understand his feeling.
I think I hurt his feelings.
We tried in vain to make him change his mind.
He must be worked upon so that his feeling may be made to change.
His affected manner of speaking seemed very absurd to me.
He has an uncontrollable temper.
His moods often change.
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.
His memory amazes me.
His memory has been decaying because of age.
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.
His competition record was the worst among the five.
His record will never be broken.
I admire his aristocratic manners.
His technique was unique and absolutely amazing.
His skills qualified him for the job.
His argument was most convincing.
I find no logic in his argument.
His argument was far from rational.
His argument is inconsistent with our policy.
His argument is rational.
His argument was based on facts.
Though his argument was convincing, we did not side with him.
His argument was aside from the point.
His customers dropped off.
His villa on the hill commands the sea.
His sudden illness deterred us from traveling.
His classmates laughed at him at once.
His salary can't keep pace with inflation.
He won't get fat on his salary.
His salary was increased by ten percent.
His salary is double what it was seven years ago.
He is well paid.
His salary is too low to support his family.
His salary is thousand yen per month.
I wish I knew where he was!
I was dwarfed by his gigantic frame.
I doubt the veracity of his statement.
His statement corresponded to what actually took place.
His lack of cooperation defeated our plan.
In answer to her shouts, people ran to help her.
None of his students could solve the problem.
Neither of his students passed the exam.
He is mistaken in his ideas about education.
I think his method of teaching cuts both ways.
His heart bounded with expectation.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
His excitement is easily accountable.
Such was his surprise that he could not say a word for some time.
His work merits the highest praise.
Who does he work for?
He turned to a tall woman nearby.
The mud clung to his shoes.
His shoes were so old that his toes were sticking out of them.
His shoes are wearing thin.
His shoes are brown.
There is a hole in his sock.
His brother goes to school by bus.
His brother came home soon after.
His brother is more patient than he is.
His brother is still taller.
His brother has nothing but computers on his mind.
His brother dedicated his life to the activity.
His brother is a very capable doctor.
His brother was nasty to me.
His older brother is two years older than I.
His brother works for a trading company.
I don't know either of his brothers.
I know neither of his brothers.
Both his brothers are teachers.
His contract runs for one more year.
His mobile phone produced radio emissions that interfered with other phones.
Some board members questioned his ability to run the corporation.
His experience qualifies him to do the job.
You must make allowance for his inexperience.
Admitting his lack of experience, I still think that he ought to do better.
His background parallels that of his predecessor.
I referred to the company for his work record.
His plan was put into action.
His plan will call for a lot of money.
His plan has both virtues and liabilities.
I agree with his plan.
There is no choice but to agree to his plan.
His plan is to build a bridge over that river.
His plan was to start on Monday.
His plans were regarded with some disfavor.
He will get nowhere with his plans.
Nothing will come of his plans.
His plan leaves much to be desired.
His plan is still in the air.
I see a great danger in his plan.
His scheme went wrong in the end.
His undertaking failed for lack of funds.
His project ended in failure.
His plan struck them as impractical.
His plan sounds impracticable.
His plan was discarded.
His plan ought not to be abandoned.
His plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be feasible.
I am quite ignorant of his plan.
No attention was paid to his warning.
His talent is green.
His masterpiece has not appeared yet.
His being absent complicates matters.
He excused his absence.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
For all his faults, Sam is still a very likable person.
People liked him all the better for his faults.
He was quite decided in his determination.
Because of his determination, he was able to tide over the crisis.
She looked on his decision as a grave mistake.
These dirty clothes could be a new piece of evidence to prove his innocence.
I was disillusioned at his married life.
His conclusion is based on these facts.
His solution turned out to be a complete mistake.
He cannot support his family on his monthly income.
His monthly income amounts to half a million yen.
I am anxious about his health.
I am concerned about his health.
His health has begun to decline.
He is improving in health.
His health is changing for the better.
His health is improving little by little.
He is in a poor state of health.
His hard work bore fruit.
His persistent efforts resulted in failure.
His greed for power knows no bounds.
His dog appeared from behind the door.
He painted a picture of a dog.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
His dog barks at me.
Her dog has poor hearing.
His dog was running in the yard.
His dog was named Popeye by him.
His dog is his good companion.
The methodology used in his study is also helpful to us in conducting our research.
His study is based on what is called fact.
His research ranks with the best of the kind.
His research bore fruit in the end.
His study covers a wide area.
His studies cover a wide field.
Preserved in his laboratory were more than a thousand notebooks.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
Don't always take sides with him.
His views were too conservative for people to accept.
His modesty is worth respecting.
He is remarkable for his wisdom.
His present assistant is Miss Nokami.
His impractical proposal astonished us all.
There was nothing for it but to obey him.
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.
I don't quite understand what he says.
Did you make out what he said?
Everything he says rubs me the wrong way.
I tried to get down every word he said.
I find his every word truly offensive.
You don't have to pay attention to what he says.
You can not believe a word he says.
There is no doubt whatever about what he says.
There is no possibility that what he says may have any truth in it.
I don't quite believe what he says.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
There is a leap of logic in what he says.
I inclined my ear to him.
I concentrated on what he was saying.
You should pay attention to what he says.
I don't think he is truthful.
He is not altogether wrong.
What he says is true in a sense.
Everything he says upsets me.
I doubt the truth of his statement.
I could hardly believe him.
I can make nothing of what he says.
What he says does not make any sense.
Not a word he says is worthy to be heard.
Whatever he says is right.
His remark seems to be off the point.
What he says is of no importance to me.
His words convey nothing at all to me.
What he says is gospel.
He is quite right.
I cannot make anything of what he says.
You must not rely on his word.
Admitting what he says, I still cannot agree with him.
What he says is true.
I cannot help believing what he says.
How foolish I am to believe him!
It's silly of you to believe him.
No one is so foolish as to believe what he says.
There are good grounds for believing what he says.
You can not depend on his word any more than on the wind.
Pay attention to what he says.
I think that he is right.
Do as he tells you.
I've never heard the kind of stories he tells.
Do it like he tells you.
His statement is void of sincerity.
Please write down his words.
Do you believe him?
You cannot believe a word he says.
I should have known better than to believe him.
His meaning is quite plain.
I didn't understand in the least what he said.
I took no count of what he said.
There wasn't much in what he said.
For the most part, I agree with what he said.
I did not understand him at all.
What he said applies, to a certain extent, to this case.
What he said is true in a sense.
What he said is, in a way, true.
What he said is irrelevant to the matter.
I didn't quite make out what he said.
What he said can scarcely be true.
What he said is of no importance.
What he said was nothing less than a threat.
What he said has brought about a misunderstanding.
What he said doesn't make sense to me.
What he said was far from true.
All what he said was right.
All he said was true.
Mainly, what he said is right.
What he said was beside the point.
I couldn't catch what he said.
What he said proved true.
What he said was not true.
What he said boils down to this.
Bear in mind what he said.
What he said is by no means true.
His statement really cut me.
Take no account of what he said, he was only joking.
His words have come true.
What he had said turned out to be a lie.
I am in agreement with most of what he says.
What he says is true to some extent.
He makes sense.
What he is saying does not make sense.
I found it difficult to understand what he was saying.
Could you make out what he was saying?
It is not wise to go by his word.
It is foolish to take his word seriously.
His words and actions do not go together well.
His behavior makes me sick.
His words and deeds do not match.
His actions always contradicted his word.
Judging from what he said to me, his mind seems to be made up.
His remarks came home to me.
His words created an awkward situation.
His remark got on my nerves.
His words came to mind.
His words hurt her feelings.
What he said cast a chill on the gathering.
His words moved her to tears.
His words delivered her from her anxiety.
His words carry little conviction.
There was a bite in his remark.
There seems to be some dark meaning in his words.
He is sincere about what he says.
There is not a scrap of truth in his words.
His words offended me.
His words surprised me.
Don't be angry at his words.
Don't be taken in by his words.
He was an Australian, as I knew by his accent.
His words rendered me speechless.
His words gave rise to doubts concerning his true intentions.
His language is not fit to be repeated.
His remark hit home.
His words went to my heart.
His words wounded Meg.
What do his words imply?
His words gave rise to doubts.
His words are severe, but on the other hand he is kind.
His remark made my recollect my schooldays.
His words had a great effect on my life.
His words aroused my competitive spirit.
His words embarrassed me.
His remark does not do me justice.
His word can be summarized as follows.
His words were as follows:
His words gave her hope for the future.
His words struck terror into her.
His words sound reasonable.
Don't take his remarks too literally.
I don't know how to interpret his words.
Don't believe what he says.
His words carried me back to my childhood.
His words made me feel uneasy about my future.
At his words her color paled.
His old clunker isn't worth anything.
His old car is on its last legs.
His breathing became faint.
His home country is Germany.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
I spoke after him.
All of his later paintings were considered masterpiece.
The matter of his successor is still under debate.
His tone became more and more fervent.
His mistake was intentional.
Don't laugh at his mistake.
A few people clapped after his lecture.
His official title is Director-General of the Environment Agency.
His accomplishments should be written in large letters.
His services were appreciated.
I judged from what he said that he did not agree with me.
His tone was very annoyed.
His accent sounds a little quaint.
His tone was one of sorrow.
It is jelly that he likes.
You'd better leave him to do as he likes.
Let him do as he likes.
Why not let him pursue his studies as he likes?
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he likes the Lions as well.
His conduct is open to criticism.
His curiosity knew no bounds.
We were really moved by his lecture.
He was confident of his antibodies.
His striped suit and checked tie didn't match.
It is sad that his ideas do not go with the time.
I don't understand the way that he thinks.
In his opinion, the time will come soon when people will suffer from a water shortage.
His idea is very different from mine.
His ideas are always very practical.
His ideas are always practical.
His notions were what is called advanced.
His view seems to be too optimistic.
His way of thinking is very childish.
His idea is good for nothing.
He is radical in thoughts.
His idea got a boost at the meeting.
His thoughts are extremely academic.
His notion was neither concrete nor abstract.
His belief is rooted in experience.
His idea is practical.
His idea is for us to go in two different cars.
His idea is far from satisfactory to us.
His idea is identical with mine.
His ideas are too extreme for me.
His ideas are quite different from mine.
His ideas do not fit in with mine.
His views chimed in with mine.
His ideas were in advance of his times.
His way of thinking is a bit extreme.
His ideas are up to date.
His idea doesn't make any sense at all.
His ideas accord with theirs.
What he thought was bound up with Buddhism.
His way of thinking is very similar to mine.
His ideas are difficult to understand.
I couldn't take in his idea.
What do you think of his idea?
I tried to sound out his views.
It isn't easy to make out his ideas.
Humor is absent in his way of thinking.
His way of thinking is sound.
His ideas were far in advance of the age in which he lived.
His deeds do not accord with his words.
His conduct deserves to be praised.
You must take his age into account when you judge his performance.
His reason for not going is still unclear.
The value of his discovery was not realized until after his death.
No blame attaches to his conduct.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with his deed.
I don't think there is any excuse for his behavior. At the same time, we should listen to what he has to say.
I can't guess the reason for his conduct.
I can't explain the reason for his conduct.
It is impossible to speak too severely of his conduct.
His conduct was nothing short of madness.
He was actuated by community spirit.
His actions run counter to his words.
His action throughout was correct.
His deed is worthy of praise.
His act was animated by noble ideals.
His act was nothing short of superhuman.
His conduct disappointed many of his friends.
His action is against the law.
Can you stand his deeds?
His manners were not those of a gentleman.
Model your manners on his.
His behavior aroused my suspicions.
You are accountable to me for his actions.
To what extent can you answer for his deed?
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.
I can hardly stand his behavior.
His conduct is above suspicion.
His conduct admits of no excuse.
His behavior puzzled me.
The result of his action still remains to be seen.
His behavior is nothing like his father.
His behavior was appropriate to the occasion.
His behavior is alien to the public.
His action frightened us.
His behavior conflicts with what he says.
His behavior did not correspond with his words.
His actions do not always correspond to his words.
His behavior is my primary concern.
His behavior is sometimes strange.
His action was animated by jealousy.
His behavior is contrary to his belief.
His behavior allows of no criticism.
His action sprang from prejudice.
His actions are typical of those of his friends.
Almost all approve of his actions.
His lecture has brought this fact to our notice.
During his speech she was all ears.
It was very difficult to understand the subject of his lecture.
The audience enjoyed his lecture as it was rich in humor.
His speech deeply affected the audience.
His speech charmed the audience.
His lecture had a large audience.
All the students are fed up with his lecture.
His lecture was very instructive as usual.
His lecture left a deep impression on the mind of those present there.
His lecture disappointed us.
His lecture made a deep impression on us.
His lecture is far more difficult than Mr Tanaka's.
His lecture ended with his witty joke.
His pride stood in the way of success.
What is his nationality?
His black coat blended into the darkness.
Thanks to his initiative this association has been formed.
I have a hard time seeing the logic of this latest decision of his. He just isn't as sharp as he used to be.
How do you find his new novel?
I found his new novel very dull. I don't think he is much of a writer.
It is said that his new novel is based on his own experiences.
His new novel is based on his own experiences.
You have made him what he is.
Hard work has made him what he is.
His score on the test today is twice what he got yesterday.
The trouble with him is that he is seldom punctual.
Peace to his ashes!
His soul was in heaven.
On his left sat his mother.
A wisp of hair fell over his left eye.
His motto is "Plain living and high thinking."
His latest novel is well worth reading.
His latest novel marks a great advance on his previous ones.
His latest work is an advance on his previous one.
His last word let everybody down.
His last recourse will be to go to his father for help.
His latest works are on display at the square.
His latest works are on display at the city hall. They are fabulous beyond description.
His latest works are on temporary display.
I found his latest novel interesting.
His latest work belongs to a different category.
His latest work proved to be a great success.
His greatest fault is talking too much.
His wife accompanied him on the piano.
His children as well as his wife were invited to the party.
His wife was nowhere in evidence.
His wife knows how to manage him when he gets angry.
His wife bore him two daughters and a son.
His wife comes from California.
His wife was weighed down with various worries.
His wife was killed in the accident.
His wife liked inviting guests.
His wife now had to take care of his grandfather, not to mention their two children.
His wife is worn out after looking after the children.
His wife doesn't seem ugly to me.
His wife is one of my friends.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
His wife gave birth to twin boys.
His wife died leaving behind their two beloved children.
His wife nags him constantly.
His wife begged him not to run any risk.
His wife opened the door for him.
His wife screened him from reporters.
His wife has started to work out of necessity.
Both his wife and he like it.
I admire your talent.
For all his genius, he is as unknown as ever.
I feel admiration for his talent.
His skill qualifies him for the job.
His abilities were very great and various.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
His crime deserved the death penalty.
His sin will find him out.
You may as well forgive his sins.
You may as well overlook his sins and forgive him.
His estate came to me as a free gift.
I love him for what he is, not what he has.
His property was estimated at one hundred million dollars.
His finances have changed for the better.
His finances have changed for the worse.
This is the best among his works.
His work is a synthesis of several ideas.
His work is beyond comparison.
His works will endure for centuries.
His work hasn't come up to my expectations.
His works will stand the test of time.
His work is not up to standard.
His work is beyond all praise.
In judging his work, we must take account of his lack of experience.
My acquaintance with his works is slight.
Let's compare his work with hers.
There are few mistakes, if any, in his composition.
There are few, if any, mistakes in his composition.
His composition is free from mistakes.
His composition was free from mistakes.
His composition is not perfectly free of mistakes.
His composition has not a few mistakes.
His composition leaves nothing to be desired.
His composition is by far the best of all.
The proposal he made yesterday is now under consideration.
What he said yesterday was not in accord with what he said last week.
I saw through his little game.
What's his motive for committing murder?
He is accurate in his work.
His work showed want of care.
There is no future in his job.
The bulk of his work is in the urban area.
His business affairs are in good shape.
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.
His work was acceptable, but far from excellent.
His tasks range from digging wells to getting rid of garbage.
His job has to do with printing.
His job is to teach English.
His job is to negotiate with foreign buyers.
His work is now complete.
His work is in engineering.
His ability has been overlooked by his boss.
His work is making watches.
His work shows nothing to brag about.
In his business he cannot do without a car.
His work is washing cars.
He is doing well.
His work leaves nothing to be desired.
His work was satisfactory.
His work has come up to the standard.
His job is to promote sales.
His work is below average.
His work is concerned with international trade.
His work won't bear close examination.
His job is to manage credit authorization.
In judging his work, you should make allowances for his lack of experience.
His dirty words can't bear repeating.
His sister is a real beauty.
His sister makes too much of fashion.
His sister became a doctor.
His elder sister is older than my eldest brother.
His sister looks young.
Both his sisters are beautiful.
Immediately I saw him, I trembled with fear.
Each of his children has his own room.
His children have grown up.
His childlike laugh is charming.
It's a crime the way he treats his children.
His child's life is in danger.
His child behaves well.
All his children want presents on their birthdays.
His ideas never fetched him a nickel.
What he can't manage at will is language.
His ideas are too radical to be acceptable to most people.
His idea was imprinted on my mind.
His ideas were out of harmony with the times.
His thought is progressive.
His ideas were too far advanced to be accepted by ordinary people.
His ideas are based on his experience.
He was amazed at his foolishness.
Pain shot through his finger.
His fingers ran swiftly over the keys.
He was explicit in his instruction.
His suggestions are always very much to the point.
The business prospered beneath his guiding hand.
I cannot manage without his support.
His expenses exceed his income by far.
His death was made known to the public.
His death brought the expedition to an end.
The cause of his death was a car accident.
His death was owing to his reckless driving.
The news of his death reached as a bolt from the blue.
His death was a great loss to our country.
His death was a great loss to our firm.
His death made all feel sorry.
I think his death is a national loss.
His death was great shock to his wife.
His death was a bolt from the blue.
His death surprised us all.
Your assumption that his death was an accident seems to be wrong.
His death was a sublime self-sacrifice.
News of his death wasn't published for several weeks.
His death was broadcast all over the world.
We cannot grieve over his death too deeply.
His death is a great loss.
His death has left a vacuum in their lives.
A rumor is abroad about his death.
It makes me sad to think of his death.
I felt deep sorrow at his death.
I was deeply affected when I heard of his death.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
He died of cancer.
After he died, my life was turned upside down.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
An announcement of his death appeared in the newspapers.
His passion for me doesn't cool.
The way he looked at me irritated me very much.
We cannot touch on his private affairs.
His eyesight is failing.
His poem reads as follows.
His poetry does not translate into Japanese.
His poems are difficult to understand.
His success on the examination is due to his efforts.
We must take his illness into consideration before marking his exam.
When do you think his funds will run out?
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
Forget him.
To do him justice, he is not a selfish man.
I don't like his boasting of his success in business.
His business is growing rapidly.
I hear his business is on the verge of going bankrupt.
I hear his business is on the verge of ruin.
His business was only a partial success.
His business has begun to thrive at last.
He turned over the business to his son.
His office is right up there.
The furniture in his office is very modern.
His office is on the eighth floor.
His office is convenient to the station.
His office is past the bank on your left.
His office is going to be shut down for want of money.
His office is located in the center of the town.
His writing is impossible to read.
Some of the books that he has are English novels.
His untimely statement has not only let the cat out of the bag but also upset the apple cart for the peace move.
But for his timely rescue, I would have drowned.
His next production was a very ambitious musical.
The political situation was, to say the least, extremely unstable during the next ten years of his reign.
His ear trouble made hearing very difficult.
His suicide came as a result of his disappointment in love.
His autobiography was released today and was sold out by noon.
His bicycle is different from this one.
I am sick to death of his boasts.
His resignation left a vacancy in the cabinet.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
His failure is not to be ascribed to want of diligence.
The primary cause of his failure is laziness.
The immediate cause of his failure was lack of study.
His failure is, in a manner, our failure too.
His failure is out of the question.
His failure was the last thing that I expected.
His failure taught me a good lesson.
His failure has nothing to do with me.
His failure led to his resignation.
His failure seems to have something to do with his character.
His failure was mainly due to carelessness.
His failure resulted from his carelessness.
His failure is due to his ignorance.
Is his failure ascribable to incompetence or to bad luck?
How do you account for his failure?
His jealousy began to raise its head again.
I was very confused by his questions.
I gave him the best answer in English to his question that I could.
His experiment had many faults in its details.
His experiments came to a standstill.
The result of his experiment corresponded with mine.
His play ended in large success.
His play was a hit.
He compared the copy with the original.
His picture was in the newspaper.
I was vexed at his irresolute attitude.
His car is gaining on us.
His car has no wheels.
His car is in fact worn out.
His car turned over several times before falling into the river.
His car got no more than fourteen miles.
His car remained locked.
His car soon went out of sight.
His car ran into the Iron Gate.
His car shaved the wall of the tunnel.
His car was seriously damaged.
His car is a Ford.
His car broke down on the way to work.
His car fell into the lake.
His car is a new model.
His car is similar to mine.
His car has just been repaired.
His car is small and takes up little room.
His car looks as good as new.
His car was blue; hers was red.
We are disturbing him.
His debts amount to over $1000.
His debt came to dollars.
His debts amounted to a thousand dollars.
His debts amount to two million dollars.
His debt amounted to a considerable sum.
His debts amount to a considerable sum.
His debts amounted to five million yen.
His debts amount to 100,yen.
His debts amount to $2,000.
In light of his youth the police have decided not to charge him.
We must consider his youth.
We should take his youth into account.
Stop taking advantage of his weakness.
His weakness cancels out his virtues.
His main interest is in history.
His doctor came with all speed.
His doctors told him that he would see, hear, and taste as before.
It is important to note that his assertion is groundless.
His argument is that women should not smoke or drink.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
His claim is really the same as the one Benson proposed in Entrepreneurs.
At best he'll get 1,votes.
Place a coin in the palm of his hand.
His hands feel rough.
His hands were covered with mud.
To her disappointment, his letter didn't come.
So passionate was his letter that she was moved to tears.
His letter hurt Jane's vanity.
What does he say in his letter?
His letter enclosed a picture.
His letter says he'll arrive next Sunday.
I have to answer his letter.
Should I reply to his letter?
Remember to answer his letter.
You should have replied to his letter.
You must answer his letter, and that at once.
His letter alludes to the event.
His letter doesn't make any sense.
His letter made her angry.
His letter was so confused that I could hardly make any sense of it at all.
His letter makes me uneasy.
Thanks to his help, I finished my homework.
His help enabled me to finish the work.
His technique was absolutely amazing.
His hobby is collecting stamps.
His hobbies are playing the guitar and singing.
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.
His hobby is painting pictures.
His hobby is collecting old stamps.
His hobby is collecting strange butterflies.
His hobby is going fishing on Sundays.
His resignation as Prime Minister came as a surprise.
His terrible suffering aroused her pity.
His sands are running out.
With his income, he cannot afford the costly dinners.
Finding it hard to make ends meet on his income, she started to work.
He's coy about his income.
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.
His income is three times larger than mine.
His income bears no proportion to his social standing.
His income is too small to support his family.
He has a considerable income.
His income was diminished by half after retirement.
His income is larger than that of his wife.
All the rumors of his bribes, scandals and lovers soon blew over.
A crowd was gathering around him.
Everything around him was blown to pieces, yet he escaped without a scratch.
His boat has been at sea for two hours.
His weekly wages are $20.
I checked with him to see if his address was right.
I don't know his address for certain.
Put his address down.
Had I known his address, I would have written to him.
Not knowing his address, she didn't write to him.
His cousin, whose name I forget, was a nurse.
His weight strained the rope.
His uncle owns no fewer than ten houses.
His uncle appeared rich.
His aunt has three cats.
He is an Irishman by origin.
His career is progressing in leaps and bounds.
We went without him, as he wasn't ready.
His early poetry draws heavily on his experience and memories of childhood.
I went to his place straight away.
I'm reluctant to visit him.
All his possessions are contained in that box.
His humble background parallels that of his predecessor.
What he writes comes to this.
He writes correct English.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
He has not less than 1,books in his study.
There are plenty of books in his study.
His study gives on the park.
Had it not been for his help, I should have failed.
You would have failed but for his help.
I would have failed but for his help.
But for his help, your success would be impossible.
But for his help, I might fail.
If I hadn't had his help, I would be dead.
I need his help.
You can't rely on his help.
You can't count on his help.
His advice is of no use.
Pay attention to his advice.
Thanks to his advice, we could finish it earlier than we had expected.
His advice was very helpful.
His advice amounts to an order.
His assistant examined the pile of papers over and over again.
His assistant polished his shoes.
We look to him for help.
She applied her handkerchief to his wound.
His very servants despised him.
His business is doing well.
His business has gone from bad to worse.
What is his business?
His business resulted in heavy losses.
His novels are, for the most part, very boring.
Among his novels, I like this best.
I haven't read both of his novels.
I haven't read any of his novels.
His novels also appear in English and French.
His novel sold well.
His novels, having been translated into English, are widely read in America.
His novels are too deep for me.
His novel is beyond my comprehension.
His novels are popular among young people.
I have read all his novels.
His novel had a great vogue for a long time.
I do not read his novels.
His novel was translated into Japanese.
I haven't read either of his novels.
Who that has read his story can forget it?
I haven't read both his novels, but judging from the one I have read, he seems to be a promising writer.
His essay is rubbish.
His essay was concise and to the point.
His essay was full of original ideas.
I cannot but accept his invitation.
His negative attitude rendered all my efforts useless.
I made her acquaintance through his introduction.
His portrait was mounted in the fancy frame.
His testimony stands on facts.
His witness is approximate to the truth.
The object of his admiration shows the kind of person that he would like to be.
He is contemptuous of his boss's narrow mind.
His boss has a good opinion of his knowledge of computers.
We caught sight of his boat.
His car collided with a train.
The train he was on could no longer be seen.
His train arrives at five this evening.
His train arrived at Tokyo Station.
His joke made us all laugh.
His joke set the company off into a fit of laughter.
His jokes amused me.
His jokes made us laugh.
His joke eased the tension in the room.
His joke has been done to death.
At his joke, they all burst into laughter.
His joke made all the class burst into laughter.
His joke set everyone laughing.
His joke borders on insult.
They held their sides with laughter at his joke.
His information is certain.
We admire his hold on the situation.
His condition is, if anything, better than in the morning.
His condition is if only, better than in the morning.
His condition has got steadily better.
His condition goes up and down.
He is a doctor by profession.
He was a doctor by profession and he had a practice in the town.
He is a dentist by profession.
He is a carpenter by trade.
His job has to do with telephones.
He is a lawyer by profession.
His professional career was bankrupt.
I besought him for a favorable answer.
His diet was abstemious.
Speaking of his eating habits, they're revolting aren't they?
Calcium is absent from his diet.
Vitamins are absent from his diet.
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.
Nothing could sway his conviction.
All his followers looked up to him as a wise and courageous man.
I had great admiration for his generosity.
His heart filled with joy.
His heart filled with sorrow.
His mind was filled with happy thoughts.
His heart was not in his work, nor did he take any pride in it.
His mind kept running on his dead child.
His heart was torn by sorrow.
Who possesses his heart?
I can hardly hold my own against his daring.
He was entirely free of his worry.
I can't stand his behavior anymore.
I was offended at his behavior.
His behavior was often a target of criticism.
His conduct was admirable.
His behavior shocked us.
His behavior troubles us.
His behavior was theatrical.
His behavior is worthy of praise.
His behavior was that of a gentleman.
His behavior is worthy of respect.
His behavior is beneath criticism.
Everyone remarked on his new hairstyle.
When I saw his new hairstyle I tried hard to suppress my laughter.
His new record sells well.
His new film is disappointing.
I envied him his new house.
I like his new house, but I had not expected it to be so small.
His new novel will come out next month.
When will his new novel come out?
His new novel is worth reading.
His novel proposal was accepted by everybody.
