 Thank you for your kind assistance while I was in New York.
 New York State is almost as large as Greece.
 International Business Machines Corporation, based in Armonk, New York, is the world's largest computer firm.
 New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
 How large is the population of New York City?
 How many flights to New York do you offer a week?
 How many flights to New York do you offer a day?
 What time does the train for New York depart?
 I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
 How far is it to New York?
 Let's take a trip to New York.
 Have you ever been to New York?
 I'll look you up when I visit New York.
 I'm dying to go to New York.
 Is there a nonstop flight to New York?
 I will fly to N.Y., or anywhere else.
 New York is worth visiting.
 New York is a big city.
 New York is among the largest cities in the world.
 New York is the busiest city in the world.
 New York is the biggest city in the world.
 New York is sometimes referred to as the melting pot of races.
 New York is one of the cities that I previously thought that I wanted to visit.
 New York is a huge city.
 New York is accessible by train from Washington.
 We call New York the Big Apple.
 New York is called the Big Apple.
 How do you like New York?
 New York is the center of America's stock exchange.
 New York, where my father is staying on business, is a much more dangerous city than Tokyo.
 New York is on the Hudson River.
 Can you tell me what the zip code is for New York?
 The streets of New York are very wide.
 Winter in New York can be very cold.
 New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
 The population of New York is smaller than that of Tokyo.
 New York's Fifth Avenue is comparable to Ginza.
 The glory of New York is its museums.
 How's the weather in New York?
 I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
 The stock market crash of October in New York is still vividly remembered.
 If you visit New York, you've just got to come and see our house.
 When I was in New York, I happened to meet my old friend.
 Change trains at Chicago for New York.
 We rented an apartment when we lived in New York.
 New York bristles with towering buildings.
 There are many Japanese restaurants in New York.
 There are many commercial firms in New York.
 There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
 Compared to New York, Tokyo is a much safer place.
 In New York I lost my way.
 Many would jump at the chance to live in New York.
 What's going on in that area right now?
 His business in New York was a great success.
 The New York Times reviews her gallery all the time.
 How far is it from New York to London?
 The ship from New York will arrive before long.
 It is a four-hour drive from New York to Boston.
 Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
 Direct flights between New York and Tokyo commenced recently.
 Newton established the law of gravity.
 Newton saw an apple fall off a tree.
 Writing news stories is his job.
 I was very surprised at the news.
 It occurred to me that I should keep the news to myself.
 He brought me a piece of information.
 You will have heard the news, I think?
 Here's some news for you.
 We broadcast news on the hour.
 The news was all about the collapse of the Soviet Union.
 The news quickly spread.
 According to the news report, the ruling coalition has secured seats as of p.m.
 The news says that there was a big earthquake in Greece.
 The news leaked out.
 Newsweek had a big picture of the ex-movie star entering the police station.
 The whole population of New Zealand is 3,410,000, and one seventh of it are the Maori people.
 She will be relocated to New Zealand.
 We stopped over in Los Angeles for two nights on the way to New Zealand.
 New Zealand is a country of sheep and cows.
 What's New Zealand like? Is it as sparsely populated as Australia?
 I'm from Wellington, the capital of New Zealand.
 The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
 I hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
 They speak English in New Zealand.
 She grinned her approval.
 Doraemon often smiles.
 You can save face with a happy smile.
 Nickel is a hard, silver-white metal.
 You despise Nick, don't you?
 A nickel is a five-cent coin.
 Nick complained to me about the high prices in Tokyo.
 Nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area.
 Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
 Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
 Nick owes me ten dollars.
 Nick is by no means satisfied with the reward.
 Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for years.
 Nick hurried to catch the bus.
 I must ask Nick his new address and telephone number when I see him.
 When Nicole heard that her favorite singer had died, she burst into tears.
 Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
 Miss Nicholas swam from Dover on the English side to France in hours and minutes, then turned around and returned to England.
 "How can a man be born when he is old?" Nicodemus asked.
 Nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office.
 Richard Nixon dropped from public attention.
 Nixon tried to stonewall through Watergate by ignoring it, but it didn't work.
 You must be careful when crossing a busy street.
 I like busy places.
 I can't get rid of my pimples.
 Nikita Khrushchev was at the height of his powers.
 My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
 For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
 No sound was to be heard.
 He had no difficulty in finding the place.
 I just said so without thinking much about it. I didn't mean anything serious.
 There are pros and cons to anything.
 What a beautiful sunrise it is!
 How beautiful a sunrise is!
 What a beautiful garden!
 How beautiful it is!
 How sad a story this is!
 She said, "How confident he looks!"
 What a mean fellow!
 Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
 What a big dog that is!
 What a lovely creature!
 What a wonderful invention!
 How wonderful this is!
 What a heavy bag!
 How considerate of you!
 What a pity it is!
 Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
 What should I say?
 How it blows!
 How beautifully she sings!
 What fun!
 I have no excuse.
 What a gorgeous sunset! Let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it.
 What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
 What a wonderful machine!
 What a splendid dinner!
 I want to see him no matter what.
 What a nice face she has!
 We have to avoid the nuclear war by all means.
 How kind of you!
 What a beautiful flower!
 If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
 I managed to get out of the crowd.
 I managed to get to the station on time.
 What pretty flowers!
 Believe it or not, it came in pack of gum.
 I managed to finish the work.
 He managed to run the machine.
 You must try and come to the party.
 You had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other.
 I will finish this work somehow.
 How delicious your dinner was!
 What a piece of folly!
 What an absurd idea!
 For God's sake, tomorrow's left behind.
 What a miser you are!
 What a nice day it is!
 This scenery is magnificent.
 What a friend you are!
 What a cheerful story!
 Why do I have to do that?
 How strange the weather is!
 What pretty eyes you have!
 What a beautiful view!
 What a sad movie it was!
 How smart!
 What made him change his mind?
 What a big eater!
 What a big pumpkin!
 What a big dog it is!
 What a fast horse that is!
 What a lovely day!
 Your house is fantastic.
 What a fine view!
 What's the idea of throwing that stone?
 What a small world!
 What a small television set! Does it really work?
 What a hot day it is!
 How hot it is!
 What a rude man!
 What a gorgeous coat you're wearing!
 What a tall tree it is!
 What a stroke of luck!
 How lucky we are!
 What?
 How foolish!
 What narrow stairs!
 How persistent you are!
 How cold it is!
 What a queer story!
 What a pleasant journey we had!
 How cute!
 What a cute baby! Peek-a-boo!
 Why am I the only one they complain about? They're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
 How unlucky I am!
 What an unlucky boy I am!
 People who are constantly copying others do it because they can't think for themselves.
 You can't have your own way in everything.
 You can eat whatever you like.
 Please help yourself to whatever you like.
 Go ahead and start with anything you like.
 What vile behavior!
 What a nice friend you are!
 What a stupid boy he is!
 What a fearful waste of money!
 What a lot of books! Do they belong to the university library?
 How stupid he is!
 I'm sure you're thinking to yourself, 'Why is this guy making such a big deal of this?' But make no mistake. This is essential.
 Why should you be so sad?
 What a wonderful night!
 What are you making all the fuss about?
 What a lovely day it is!
 What heavenly weather!
 What an exciting game!
 How wonderful!
 What a wonderful family.
 What a great concert it was!
 What divine weather!
 What a darling outfit!
 Oh, no! My house is on fire!
 What a haughty fellow he is!
 What a beautiful sunset!
 What a beautiful bird it is!
 What a beautiful town!
 What a beautiful picture!
 What lovely puppies they are!
 This dish is terrific.
 This soup is exquisite.
 What a good shot!
 What a nasty man he is!
 What a big talk.
 No matter what the problem is, it's essential to get at the heart of the matter.
 I don't know how, but I just picked it up naturally.
 "Can you smell something burning?" "Oh, I went and burnt the toast."
 Looks like I might have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
 I've no idea what's happening.
 I feel sort of dizzy and I feel like throwing up.
 Somehow it's been a rough day.
 Love your neighbors.
 What do you want to talk to me about?
 You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
 Both Nancy and Jane were absent from school.
 Nancy is a capable nurse.
 Nancy papered her room green.
 Nancy has a hold on her husband.
 Nancy put her elbows on her knees.
 Nancy invited him to a party.
 Nancy looks a fool but she's really very clever.
 Nancy is more shy than reserved.
 Nancy studied hard.
 Nancy did some shopping on the way.
 Nancy is getting off the train.
 Nancy greeted me with a nod from across the street.
 Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
 Nancy can't decide anything for herself.
 Nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years.
 Nancy looks like my sister.
 Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
 Nancy was the first girl to come.
 Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
 Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
 Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
 Does Nancy want to have a dog?
 Nancy is afraid of dogs.
 Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
 Nancy couldn't move the desk herself.
 Nancy didn't mind living abroad by herself.
 Nancy likes music.
 Nancy enjoys indoor games.
 Nancy set out on a solo journey.
 Nancy is from London.
 Nancy was surprised that Bob won the first prize in the contest.
 Nancy is a shade darker than Helen.
 Nancy is a shade darker than Helen is.
 Nancy has a piano.
 Nancy went to London as well as Paris.
 Nancy is economical with her smiles.
 Nancy has a very lively and sweet temperament.
 Nancy looks so tired.
 Nancy doesn't play tennis.
 Nancy had never seen a giant panda before.
 Nancy was to show up at the place, but she didn't make it.
 Nancy told me about the fire.
 Nancy is stressed out.
 Nancy cannot have read this book.
 Nancy knows better than to marry Jack.
 Nancy is the tallest girl in her class.
 Nancy is kind rather than gentle.
 Nancy smiled happily.
 Nancy cannot have told a lie.
 Nancy comes from what we call the aristocracy.
 Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
 Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
 Nancy seems to lack sincerity.
 Nancy and Jane had to go home at five-thirty.
 I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
 I know that Nancy likes music.
 Not knowing that Nancy had left him, I put my foot in my mouth by asking Paul how she was.
 It is necessary that Nancy attend the meeting.
 Nancy, here's a letter for you.
 I'm kind of sick today.
 Oooh, sick! What is that stuff? It's all spongy.
 I envy your lifestyle - living day-to-day like that.
 That's a nice car you're driving.
 It's true that she knows a lot about cooking, but she isn't a good cook.
 She is no doubt pretty, but she isn't beautiful.
 It is true she is young, but she is wise.
 It is true that they talk a lot, but they say little.
 It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
 It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
 He is poor, to be sure, but he is happy.
 He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
 He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
 Indeed he is young, but he is well experienced for his age.
 It is true he is young, but he has much good sense.
 It is true that he is young, but he is clever.
 It is true that he is young, but he is wise.
 Indeed he is young, but he is prudent.
 It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
 It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
 It is true that he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
 He was at the meeting, to be sure, but he was asleep.
 He is a nice person, to be sure, but not very clever.
 He may still be young, but he really is a reliable person.
 Indeed he is still young, but he is very prudent.
 It is true he is a learned man, but he lacks common sense.
 It is true that Mochida did his best, but he wasn't careful enough.
 I may indeed be wrong.
 Your plan sounds good, but the bottom line is: will it bring us more business?
 It is true that yours is a good idea, but I am afraid it will be hard to put into practice.
 It is true the boy is mischievous, but he is kind at heart.
 It's true that the project is a difficult task, but Mr Hara will be able to bring it off.
 So this is New York.
 Indeed this car is small, but it is powerful.
 I see. And what can I do to help you with this?
 Indeed. He is young, but smart for his age.
 It may, indeed, be a mistake.
 Well, you may be right.
 I'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible.
 I would appreciate a reply as soon as possible.
 I would like the least expensive one.
 May we ask you to remit the settlement in full at your earliest convenience?
 Could you speak as slowly as possible?
 It's nice to drive on a smooth road.
 Do you think I was born yesterday?
 He is a foreigner, as is evident from his accent.
 Judging from his accent, he must be from Osaka.
 You must not idle away.
 Success does not come from laziness.
 He was scolded by his teacher for being lazy.
 Napoleon was a man of authority.
 Napoleon marched his armies into Russia.
 Napoleon was exiled to St. Helena.
 Napoleon was banished to Elba in 1814.
 Napoleon called the English a nation of shopkeepers.
 Napoleon's army has advanced to Moscow.
 Napoleon's army lost the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
 Napoleon's army now advanced and a great battle begins.
 Napoleon's life was a great drama.
 Had Napoleon been born in this century, what could he have done?
 See Naples and then die.
 Naples is a picturesque city.
 What are some other nabemono?
 What are nabemono like?
 Don't let the pan boil dry.
 The soup in the pot tasted very salty.
 May I have a napkin, please?
 Fold the napkins and put one by each plate.
 Clean your lips with the napkin.
 There is a napkin missing.
 What are you crunching on?
 In doing anything, you must do your best.
 Above all, you must work now.
 Nothing will make up for his past mistakes.
 I said nothing, and that made him angry.
 There's nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
 Everything is ready.
 Living as I do in a remote village, I seldom have visitors.
 What are you smirking at? Did something good happen?
 I'm still single.
 You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
 Is there anything I can do to help?
 Let's find something to sit on.
 Do you have anything to say?
 Would you care for something to drink?
 For better or worse, she will have the operation tomorrow.
 What's beside the desk?
 Do you know any Greek myths?
 Come what may, I won't stop making music.
 Give me something nice to drink.
 No, it's second hand.
 Was Nazism peculiar to Germany?
 "How do you know me?" Nathanael asked.
 Why have the apes evolved more than other animals?
 Why didn't you note down the points?
 Why do you skip lunch every day?
 Why do we have dreams?
 Why should she have sent for him?
 Why did she come home early?
 What prevented her from coming yesterday?
 Why is it that she looks so sad?
 Why did she ask for our help?
 What turned her against you?
 Why are you so bitter against her?
 I cannot account for her absence from school.
 I have no idea why she got so angry.
 Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
 Why does he look black?
 Why did he come with her?
 Why did he run away?
 Why did he change his plans?
 Why do you think he said so?
 Why did he stop smoking?
 Why is he here?
 Why does he always run his son down?
 I wonder why he is so angry.
 Why do you dislike his way of speaking?
 Why did you turn down his offer?
 Why did you turn down his request for a pay rise?
 Why are you so angry with him?
 Why are you angry with him?
 Why didn't you dance with him?
 Why he got angry is quite clear.
 I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
 Why are you so sure of his success?
 Why he killed himself is still a mystery.
 I think the reason that he killed his wife is still a mystery.
 Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
 Can you figure out why he won't go with us?
 Why he did it is beyond my comprehension.
 Why did you come to Japan?
 Why do I even care?
 Why were you late?
 Why do many people like John Lennon so much?
 Why did you come early?
 Why don't you put your best foot forward?
 Why did you do such a foolish thing at the risk of your life?
 Why do men behave like apes, and vice versa?
 Why did you get lost in the woods?
 Why did the newly married Japanese man say something bad about his wife?
 Can you figure out why the boss is so unfriendly this week?
 Why was I turned down for the job?
 Why am I working hard?
 Why have I done it?
 Why do you think I told her about it?
 Why did he quit his job?
 Why do you have to work late?
 Why is Mrs. Yamada popular in your school?
 Why couldn't you sleep last night?
 Why didn't you show up at the party last night?
 What prevented you from coming yesterday?
 Why are there no taxis at the station today?
 Tell me why he was absent.
 Why are you short with me?
 Why were you absent from school yesterday?
 What put it in your head to come here now?
 Tell me why you have told on me to the teacher.
 Why didn't you let me know you were in New York?
 Why are you looking so sad?
 Why did you get so angry?
 Why are you being so secretive?
 Why did you say such a thing to him?
 Why do you blame me for what happened?
 Why didn't you attend the class meeting?
 I don't know why you don't like him.
 It is difficult to understand why you want to go.
 Do you know why the sky is blue?
 What did you go to Kyoto for?
 Why are you crying?
 Why did you put off the printing of my book?
 Why do you want to be a nurse?
 The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
 How come you didn't say anything?
 Why didn't you bring your wife to the party?
 What do you study English for?
 Why is it called "loon"?
 Why did you quit?
 I cannot make out why he isn't here yet.
 Why leave me standing here?
 Why don't you mend that fuse?
 Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
 Why did you open the box?
 Why?
 Because he was a great musician.
 Why? Because his family needed the money, that's why.
 Because he invited me.
 Because no man can speak my language.
 Because I was a newspaper reporter.
 Because I want to be a translator.
 It's because I want to help sick people.
 Because I studied for a long time yesterday.
 Because I am a student of old language.
 The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
 Because dogs are more faithful than cats.
 Because it is an interesting and beautiful city?
 Why? Because Terry Tate always replied promptly, that's why.
 For nothing is so beautiful but that it betrays some defect on close inspection.
 Because it is there.
 Because it is politics that has caused this war, making the war our everyday reality.
 If you want to know why, it's because I caused five car accidents this year.
 For love is something you can't reject.
 Why do you need to read such a book?
 Why do you say that?
 He asked me what I had been doing.
 What made you so angry?
 Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
 Why are you panting so?
 Why did you choose that particular subject?
 Why is the politician trying to kill off the opinions of the majority?
 Why didn't you look at the picture?
 Why do you think that way?
 Tell me why you want to go there.
 What did you do that for?
 Why are you in such a hurry?
 Can you make out why John left so suddenly?
 What has brought you here so early?
 Why do I feel this way?
 Why is this book loved by young people?
 Why did you choose such a subject?
 Why do you work here?
 Why do you like coffee strong?
 Why did I go wrong?
 You should not have lent the money to such a person.
 Why does the US government let people have guns?
 Why do American parents praise their children?
 Why do you study every day?
 Why does that goose sit on her eggs?
 Why do you study English every day?
 Why do you study?
 Why did you get so angry at his mistake?
 Why did you go to his house?
 I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
 Why did you go to Tokyo?
 Why are you so insubordinate to your boss?
 Why didn't you believe me?
 Why should you suspect me?
 Why are you so tired today?
 Why do you want to be a doctor?
 Why do you study so hard?
 Why did you get up so early?
 What are you punishing them for?
 I have no idea why you want to part with that.
 Why is autumn called "fall" in America?
 Why not talk to her about it directly?
 Why were you late this morning?
 Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
 Science begins when you ask why and how.
 Why are your eyes so big?
 Why are your ears so big?
 Why is your mouth so big?
 If a thing is worth doing it is worth doing badly.
 There still remains much to be done.
 You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
 Nashi are tinned in this factory.
 A promise made is a debt unpaid.
 Nazareth! Can anything good come from there?
 Will you go look for lost balls?
 He took away what little money I had.
 The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
 We must make up for lost time.
 Some people are difficult to please.
 We speak the same language, don't we?
 That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
 Bright ideas never occur to me.
 Well, I loved it.
 You have a point there.
 I couldn't get to sleep.
 It sounds pretty good.
 It's pretty good.
 He is very much a scholar.
 He fills the bill.
 That sounds really interesting.
 My sister has difficulty qualifying for a credit card.
 Can you get it repaired?
 Naomi is learning English with a view to going abroad.
 Naoko wrote this letter last night.
 Naoki is as old as Kaori.
 An empty bag can't stand upright.
 Ninety-nine always makes me laugh.
 No river in the world is longer than the Nile.
 Nylon stockings often run.
 The Nile is longer than any other river in the world.
 The Nile is the longest river in the world.
 Please lend me your knife.
 Will you lend me your knife?
 Would you lend me your knife?
 Taking out a knife, he tried to open the can.
 After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
 May I borrow your knife?
 Put that knife down. You're making me nervous.
 The fingerprints on the knife attest to her guilt.
 You should be careful with a knife.
 Put the knives and forks back in the cupboard.
 There is a rule concerning the use of knives and forks.
 It can be used as a knife.
 It is bad manners to eat with a knife.
 Cut them with a knife.
 Cut it with a knife.
 Cut the cake with a knife.
 My knife has lost its edge.
 Please cut the cake with a knife.
 There is a knife missing.
 NYNEX, is this an emergency?
 I don't think so.
 At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
 What's this chair doing here?
 Me? I'm a plain old salaryman.
 Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
 Oh, the driver is a maniac.
 Mrs. Thompson wants to conceal the fact that she is a millionaire.
 Mr Thompson has been very busy today.
 Mr Thompson had lived in Tokyo for two years before he went back to Scotland.
 How easy would it be to bore a tunnel through it?
 I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
 You should not inflict any injury on others on any account.
 Don't yield to any temptation.
 What factor contributed to the reaction?
 No medicine can cure this disease.
 For what purpose did you break into the house?
 Whatever book you read, read it carefully.
 Any book will do.
 You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
 Do you know which book sells well now?
 However you do it, the result will be the same.
 Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
 It's an ill wind that blows no good.
 What sort of thing must I pay tax on?
 Every actor has cold feet just before the beginning of a show.
 There nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice.
 It is a long lane that has no turning.
 How's the weather?
 The longest night will have an end.
 We must select a suitable person for any post.
 Every Jack must have his Jill.
 I wouldn't sell that at any price.
 Even the greatest scholar can't solve that.
 Even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man's life.
 The choice of presents makes no difference to us.
 Any student can answer that question.
 Any student can solve this problem.
 Every man has his price.
 Every dog has his day.
 Anyone can do that.
 Anybody would be better than nobody.
 That can diagnose anything, quicker and cheaper than a doctor.
 What did you have to eat?
 I can see the tiniest spot.
 What symptoms do you have?
 What evidence do you have?
 Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
 I had been at a loss as to what career to decide on, but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future.
 The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
 Where can you get a part-time job?
 Anybody can do that.
 What religion do you believe in?
 What places do you enjoy?
 What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
 What sort of flower do you like?
 What kind of wine do you recommend?
 What sort of fruit do you like best?
 What kind of sport do you like?
 What kinds of beers do you have?
 What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
 I'll win no matter what it takes.
 What sort of curtains do you think would go with the carpet?
 Please feel free to ask me any question.
 Feel free to ask any questions.
 Please don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
 Since I don't know what questions I'll be asked, I'll have to wing it at my presentation.
 What kind of treatment will I get?
 On no account should you reveal the secret.
 Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
 Under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone.
 Why do you want stamps?
 You can talk about anything under the sun.
 Why do you need change?
 Why do you need quarters?
 Do not change your mind, whatever happens.
 No matter what may come, I will do my duty.
 Come what may, you should go your own way.
 Come what may, I am ready.
 You should work hard so that you can pass any exam you take.
 Any paper will do.
 Every child needs someone to look up to and copy.
 Which idea do you think had the greatest influence on the English in the Middle Ages?
 Any child can do that.
 Any child could do that.
 Any child knows it.
 Any child can enjoy the story.
 People would laugh at any child who did something like that.
 Any child can answer that.
 What kind of work will you do?
 Any task may become painful.
 What sort of work do you do?
 What magazines do you subscribe to?
 Any magazine will do.
 I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
 Whatever language you study, it takes time.
 No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
 No words availed to persuade him.
 Whatever language you study, you cannot do without a dictionary.
 Whatever excuses he may make, I cannot forgive him.
 Every dog is entitled to one bite.
 No matter what results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
 Whatever the outcome, you must meet the challenge.
 Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
 He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
 In any industry a reputation can make or break people.
 We will keep the peace at all costs.
 He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
 I must help her at any cost.
 I will accomplish it at all costs.
 There are exceptions to every rule.
 What's your impression, doctor?
 There is a skeleton in every closet.
 Any house is better than none.
 No musician would have thought of playing that music at the funeral.
 What kind of movie is it? Is it popular?
 There was no doctor who could cure her illness.
 All doctors say something to please their patients.
 Every cloud has a silver lining.
 What kind of wine do you have?
 There is a time for everything.
 I just do not like any kind of sports.
 Any bed is better than no bed.
 How did you come to love her?
 How did such a strange thing come about?
 No matter how hard I practiced, I wasn't able to do the backstroke.
 Any translation, however good, will clearly fall short of the original.
 Even the most graceful and imposing existing buildings may now be so sadly diminished as to seem slightly ridiculous beside the monster.
 No matter how late you may stay up, get up by seven in the morning.
 Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
 No matter how busy you are, I think you should at least read a newspaper.
 However busy you may be, you must do your homework.
 However hard one may work, one cannot master a foreign language in a year or two.
 No matter how rich he may be, he is never contented.
 No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
 Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
 However tired you may be, you must finish that work today.
 However tired I may be, I must work.
 However tired you may be, you must do it.
 I can't praise him enough.
 No man is so old he cannot learn.
 Even the cleverest man sometimes makes mistakes.
 Try as they may, they will never succeed.
 Despite all my efforts, I will not have the report ready by Friday.
 No matter how hard he tried, he could not get out of the maze.
 Even the longest day will have an end.
 The longest day must have an end.
 However late you may be, be sure to wake me.
 Look as I might, nowhere could I find my lost watch.
 No matter how fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
 However fast you may try to run, you will never beat a motorbike.
 No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
 However fast you run, you won't be in time.
 Flee never so fast you cannot flee your fortune.
 No matter how fast you ran, you cannot win.
 No matter how humble it is, there's no place like home.
 However humble it is, there is no place like home.
 Be it ever so humble, home is home.
 Accidents will happen in the best-regulated families.
 Every little bit helps.
 However small it may be, I want a house of my own.
 I'd rather have a room of my own, however small it may be.
 No matter how long it takes, I will finish the work.
 No amount of wealth can satisfy a covetous man. All the treasure in the world won't make him happy.
 No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
 I will get that classic car at all costs.
 I'll buy that old clock, however expensive it is.
 You cannot be too careful of your health.
 However hard it may rain, we will start tomorrow.
 However hungry you are, you must eat slowly.
 No matter how rich a man is, he cannot buy love.
 No matter how rich, one should not live an idle life.
 Be a man ever so rich, he should be diligent.
 You can't be too diligent.
 You cannot be too diligent.
 No matter how fast you drive, you won't get there on time.
 I have to attain my purpose at all costs.
 However cold it may be, he still jogs kilometers every day.
 No matter how cold it was, he never wore an overcoat.
 No matter how hard you may study, you cannot master English in a year or two.
 No matter how hard you may study English, you cannot master it in a year or so.
 However hard I try, I can never catch up with him.
 However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
 No matter how hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
 However hard you try, you can't finish it in a day.
 However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
 However hard I tried, I could not solve the problem.
 However hard you may try, you will not be able to do it.
 It will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate.
 No matter how often I put on my thinking cap, I am afraid my unpreparedness will dominate.
 No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
 The damages are estimated not to exceed a million yen at the worst.
 I must start no matter how heavily it snows.
 Even the smallest child knows that kind a thing.
 No matter how much I eat, I never get fat.
 Try as you may, you will never win first prize.
 No matter how rich one may be, one cannot live happily without health.
 What kinds of tropical drinks do you have?
 What kind of test is that?
 Can you guess what type of restaurant it was?
 What kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season.
 What kind of sports do you do?
 Sports always come naturally to him.
 What sports do you like?
 Any comments will be gratefully appreciated.
 One must be careful in doing anything.
 Nothing ever makes him angry.
 Come what may, I shall never change my mind.
 I will not do that for the life of me.
 Everything was allowed: You could kick, trip, hit, or bite your opponent.
 Why do you need it?
 Stay calm whatever happens.
 Whatever happens, he won't change his mind.
 Do what you ought to, come what may.
 I wouldn't go with you for anything.
 Come what may, I will not break my word.
 Come what may, the mail will get delivered.
 I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
 I can on no condition forgive her.
 Nothing would tempt me to deceive him.
 He isn't going to be forgotten in any case.
 Under no circumstances can we accept checks.
 I wouldn't do it for the world.
 In no case are you to leave your post.
 I would not part with it for the whole world.
 We must keep the children from danger at all costs.
 I'll make you happy no matter what happens.
 You must not take it on any account.
 No matter what happens, I'll stand by you.
 You must on no condition open the box.
 I must take back the money at all costs.
 You should on no condition touch these instruments.
 On no account must you touch that switch.
 Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
 Whatever game he plays, he always wins.
 What's your job?
 What fruit do you want?
 Study on and on!
 Any input would be appreciated!
 The richest man cannot buy true love.
 They are all alike.
 From acorns come oaks.
 Would you please reserve a room near the Toronto international Airport?
 The thief ran away.
 The thief was bound hand and foot.
 When the thief heard the dog bark, he took to his heels.
 The thief got away with the money.
 The burglar gained access to the house through a window.
 The thief entered through a broken window.
 They are muddy.
 A thief crept in through the window.
 Dorothy sent him a nice present.
 Fishing trawlers have fished out all the local waters.
 Dorothy isn't in the office.
 How long does it take?
 It was difficult for us to decide which one to buy.
 Tell me which one to choose.
 Whichever you take, you will like it.
 The answers are all right.
 How long have you been teaching English?
 It is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
 Tell her which one to take.
 Which are Taro's?
 Take whatever cake you want.
 You can pick out any book you like.
 Choose any one book you like.
 You may take any picture you like.
 You may take whichever you like.
 Take any two cards you like.
 Wear what clothes you please.
 Take whichever you like best.
 Choose three books at random.
 Take whichever flower you like.
 I have no idea how long it will take.
 Any amount of information will do.
 Any amount of money will be welcome.
 She always takes her time in choosing her dress.
 The color ran when the dress was washed.
 I'd like to send my dress to a dry cleaner.
 The dress comes to my knees.
 Please come dressed up.
 Your dress is touching the wet paint.
 Try how far you can jump.
 How long can you hold your breath?
 How long will we have to wait?
 How often do you have your piano lessons?
 What quantity of paper do you need?
 How long will this rope hold?
 How long will you stay with your aunt?
 How soon can they be delivered?
 How soon does the bus leave?
 How long will this cold weather go on?
 Which car is ours?
 Which is your book?
 The trailer goes with the car.
 The trainer must think of her health.
 Tracy possesses a house and a car.
 Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
 Tracy, I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
 Drake earns his living by working for the lawyer.
 Tracy lost her glasses.
 The cheap dollar is charging up exports.
 The dollar was devalued against the Japanese currency from yen to yen.
 The dollar dropped to today from yen yesterday.
 You must convert dollars into the local currency.
 The greenback lost ground against the yen.
 What is the exchange rate for dollars now?
 The value of the dollar has fallen recently.
 The exchange rate for the yen against the dollar has risen.
 Tolstoy achieved worldwide fame.
 Do you charge separately for drinks?
 I noticed, among other things, that he was drunk.
 Especially remarkable was her oval face.
 Above all, children need love.
 You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
 Above all things, we must not be selfish.
 Above all, beware of pickpockets.
 I love this book above all.
 Above all, logic requires precise definitions.
 Among other things, he has an eye for good pictures.
 Above all, scientific terms call for precise definitions.
 Above all, be careful about what you eat and drink.
 Above all, be kind to old people.
 Doris is considerate of everybody's feelings.
 I'll give you a temporary treatment.
 Let's do this first of all.
 I steered clear of sensitive topics.
 Will you try to play the trumpet?
 Let me tell you your fortune with cards.
 Please shuffle the cards carefully.
 It is fun to play cards.
 What do you say to playing cards?
 Playing cards is not in itself harmful.
 Let's play cards.
 Are you mad that you should stay up all night playing cards?
 Playing cards is fun.
 I hit on the terrific idea of cheating at cards by chance.
 Playing cards is a popular pastime.
 You must not gamble at cards.
 It is wrong to cheat at cards.
 The invention of the transistor introduced a new era.
 The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
 Is your trunk locked?
 Take steady aim at the tiger.
 Someone stole my traveler's checks.
 Is this the right window for cashing travelers' checks?
 I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
 I lost my travelers checks.
 Do you have any travelers' checks?
 Do you take travelers' checks?
 I have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash.
 I'll pay with travelers' checks.
 Avoiding trouble will not always assure safety.
 There is a statue of Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
 A tiger is bigger and stronger than a cat.
 A tiger will attack people when it is hungry.
 The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
 A bear is a friendly beast compared to a tiger.
 Which is stronger, a tiger or a lion?
 The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
 I am used to driving a truck.
 The truck scraped along the wall in the narrow road.
 The trucks had failed the inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
 The truck made a sharp turn to the left.
 The truck made a sharp turn to the right.
 Three workers on board the truck were killed in the accident.
 The truck bumped into a car.
 A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
 The truck cut in front of my car.
 A truck ran over our dog.
 A truck hit the dog.
 A truck came into contact with the bridge supports.
 The truck bumped into our car.
 We happened to see a truck run into the guard-rail.
 Driving is a good holiday pastime.
 How about going for a drive?
 What do you say to going for a drive?
 I go to a driving school.
 Drivers must look out for children crossing the road.
 Drivers should be aware of the traffic rules.
 Every driver must follow the traffic rules.
 Many drivers abandoned their cars in the snow.
 Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,positions this year.
 What's the daily rate for a Toyota?
 Tomoko almost started to cry.
 We made up our mind to come in any case.
 Come first, talk later.
 In any case, it's wrong to break a promise.
 It's a problem any way you look at it.
 In any case, I'll have to go there tomorrow.
 I'm glad to have passed at all.
 Anyway, I don't like it.
 Anyhow I will see him.
 At all events we have done our best.
 In any case, it's none of your business.
 After all, he succeeded in passing the exam.
 My wife is crying a river of tears because Queen Elizabeth II has passed away.
 No one knows his address but Tom.
 I count on Tom.
 No one but Tom handed in the report.
 Both Tom and Bill are playing tennis now.
 Tom was also there.
 Tom pulled a long face when he heard the story.
 Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place.
 Tom has no manners.
 Tom is a good cook.
 Tom looks like a clever boy.
 Tom was dismissed without notice.
 Tom was late for dinner.
 Tom often fails to keep his word.
 Tom likes to play baseball.
 Tom is in his element when he is playing baseball.
 Tom kept talking all night.
 Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
 Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
 Tom seems to be preparing for tomorrow's lessons.
 Tom will go there tomorrow.
 Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
 Tom is very kind.
 Tom gets up at six every morning.
 Tom laid the book aside and looked up.
 Tom lost his cap, and he felt that he had to buy a new one.
 Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
 Tom goes to school on foot.
 Tom does anything but study.
 Tom has no wish to study.
 Tom is not serious about his studies.
 Tom likes to knit.
 Tom suggested another plan to the committee.
 Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
 It is said that Tom has a cold.
 Tom was caught sneaking out of the room.
 Tom acknowledges that he was defeated.
 Tom never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
 Tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema.
 Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
 Tom was so careless as to leave his camera in the bus.
 Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
 Tom had no appetite because of his illness.
 Tom has collected a great many butterflies.
 Tom frowned.
 Tom was tired and cross.
 Tom saved her from the fire.
 Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
 Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before.
 Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
 Tom knocked him down.
 Tom recommended the novel to them.
 Tom is liked by his friends.
 Tom will be scolded by his father.
 Tom is the tallest in his class.
 Tom is as tall as any student in his class is.
 Tom thanked me for the gift.
 Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
 Tom is tall and likewise strong.
 Tom worked the clay into a vase.
 Tom married an older girl.
 Tom did well considering his age.
 Tom is in bed with a fever.
 Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
 Tom wants to go to Japan.
 Tom received a heavy blow on the head.
 Tom told us that he had a headache.
 Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
 Tom is interested in mountaineering.
 Tom has been talking on the phone for an hour.
 Tom is an electrical engineer.
 Tom has less money than his brother does.
 Tom called to her across the street.
 Tom walked across the street.
 Tom was master of the situation in no time.
 Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
 Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
 Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
 Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
 Tom attached the string to the kite.
 Tom is getting better.
 Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
 Tom has grown in strength.
 Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
 Tom can run fast.
 Tom is head and shoulders above others.
 Tom broke the window.
 Tom broke the window pane.
 Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
 Tom can swim no more than a stone can.
 Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
 Tom is more clever than honest.
 Tom is a student.
 As Tom is honest, I like him.
 Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
 Tom is due to come at noon.
 I believe Tom is right.
 Tom is interested in mathematics.
 Tom is behind everybody in mathematics.
 Tom acted the part of a sailor.
 Tom likes hot curry.
 Tom, who is kind, will be glad to do anything for me.
 Tom saw a play in the new theater.
 Tom is able to swim well.
 "Hello," said Tom, smiling.
 Tom takes good care of the birds.
 Tom is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone.
 Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
 He gave Tom an important position.
 Tom was given detention for talking during class.
 Tom lost his job.
 Tom is not able to drive a car.
 Tom drove the car.
 Tom bought a brand-new car.
 Tom is fitted to become a businessman.
 Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
 Tom got a grip on his emotions.
 Tom feels that his team will win the game.
 Tom has always performed well in every job he has had.
 Tom sometimes rips off his customers.
 Tom lacks confidence in himself.
 Tom threw his game.
 Tom is going to do something about it.
 Tom is taller than I.
 Tom is older than I.
 Tom is two years senior to me.
 Tom held a seat for me.
 Tom was mindful of my warning.
 Tom helped me to move.
 Tom sat two rows ahead of me.
 Tom made me a birdcage.
 Tom reminds me of a boy I used to know.
 Tom offered to lend me the money.
 Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
 Tom gave me a pen.
 Tom didn't mention the accident to me.
 Tom lives in the room above us.
 Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
 Tom is scrupulous in matters of business.
 Tom has lived in New York since he was a child.
 Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
 Tom hit a triple.
 Tom should have gone to the dentist yesterday.
 Tom didn't have dinner last night.
 Tom wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
 Tom watched TV yesterday.
 Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
 Tom made a promise to come home early tonight.
 Tom is in charge of this year's tennis tournament.
 Tom is flush with money since he got paid today.
 Tom need not go to school today.
 Need Tom stay home today?
 Does Tom have to write the letter today?
 Tom ate vegetable soup this morning.
 Tom should be here any minute.
 Tom isn't watching TV now.
 Tom is living with his uncle now.
 Tom is now in the fifth year.
 Tom is playing the violin now.
 Tom keeps a black cat.
 Tom is a high school student.
 Tom puts too much sugar in his tea.
 Tom is growing a mustache.
 Tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
 Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
 Tom went back to his hometown.
 Tom has an eye for modern art.
 Tom took heart and, sure enough, on New Year's Eve he was able to hobble along to a party.
 Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
 Tom is the last person to break his promise.
 Tom is by no means unintelligent. He is just lazy.
 Tom is accurate at figures.
 Tom can ski as well as his brother.
 Tom knows better than to fight with you.
 Tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time.
 Tom is absent.
 Tom slipped out of the classroom.
 Tom showed his courage in the face of danger.
 Tom worked like a madman.
 Tom watched them hurry through the doors, a disagreeable expression on his face.
 Tom escaped from the danger.
 Tom changed color.
 Tom looks pale. Is anything the matter with him?
 Tom looks pale.
 Tom met Mary on his way to school.
 Tom is doing well in his lessons at school.
 Tom hurt himself.
 Tom was called down by his boss for coming late to work.
 Tom is the tallest in his family.
 Tom is in the house.
 Tom took part in the summer festival.
 Tom enjoys himself at everything he does.
 Tom is three inches taller than his wife is.
 Tom arrived late at the station.
 Tom bought a weekly magazine at the station.
 Tom can speak German as well as English.
 Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
 Tom likes swimming.
 Tom can't swim at all. On the other hand, he is a good baseball player.
 Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.
 Tom arrived last.
 Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
 Tom worked hard only to fail the exam.
 Tom has no friends to play with.
 Tom persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
 Tom is a good worker.
 Tom has a bright career as a medical doctor.
 Tom often goes fishing in the river.
 Tom would often play jokes on the teacher.
 Did Tom use to play hooky?
 Tom walks slowly.
 Tom is not an idle boy any longer.
 Tom is thinking about applying for a better-paying job.
 Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
 Poor Tom's been trying to get to sleep for three hours now.
 Tom has been going with Jane for almost a year now.
 Tom met Mary at a party, and it was love at first sight.
 Tom couldn't make the grade with Mary; she refused him when he asked her for a date.
 Tom loved Mary, who didn't love him at all.
 Tom is still hospitalized.
 Tom cut classes again.
 Does Tom still rely on his parents?
 Tom is not yet able to swim.
 Tom dares not tell Mrs. White the truth.
 Tom became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel.
 Tom is as tall as any boy in our class.
 Tom says that he can read a French book.
 Tom speaks more slowly than Bill.
 Tom is captain of the football team and is on the baseball team as well.
 Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
 Tom is no more hardworking than Bill is.
 Tom was sitting in the front of the bus.
 Tom got a small portion of pie.
 Tom went to the city by bus.
 How fast Tom works!
 Tom wants to be a pilot.
 Does Tom like tomatoes?
 How fast Tom speaks!
 You can easily identify Tom because he is very tall.
 Tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class.
 Tom was too shy to take part in games with the other boys.
 Tom runs very fast.
 Tom swims very fast.
 Where was Tom born?
 Tom finally gave up smoking.
 Tom was asked to appear on television.
 Tom can't play tennis.
 Tom is a very good tennis player.
 Tom made some mistakes in the test.
 Tom hid under the table.
 Tom is something of a musician.
 Tom doesn't like cheese.
 Tom likes cheese.
 Tom happened to let out the secret to his friends.
 Tom came home just now.
 Tom lost no time in parting with the money.
 Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
 It seems that Tom is unable to solve the problem.
 Tom pretended not to know the answer.
 Tom was sent on an errand to the store.
 Tom was flying high after he heard the news.
 Tom filled out the application form.
 Tom stopped to take a close look at the car.
 Tom was a witness to the accident.
 Tom got angry at the children.
 Tom is the proper boy for the job.
 Tom applied for the job.
 Tom got angry with the high school students.
 Tom tried to climb the tall tree.
 Tom showed interest in the plan.
 Tom can imitate the singer to a hair.
 It looks like Tom won the race.
 Tom is eager for the apple.
 Tom has been beating the drum for the project.
 Tom tried climbing the tall tree.
 Tom is lost in the game.
 Tom saw something red there.
 Tom speaks Spanish, and Betty speaks Spanish, too.
 Tom got wet to the skin and caught cold.
 Tom closed his speech with a beautiful song.
 Tom intends to live in Japan for good.
 Tom was all worn out.
 Tom will be able to drive a car soon.
 Tom will be able to swim soon.
 Tom loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
 Tom made Jill his secretary.
 I have only half as many books as he.
 Tom made Jill a new dress.
 Tom is on good terms with John.
 Tom always makes fun of John because of his dialect.
 Tom came running with a letter from Judy.
 Tom is heavier than Jack by ten pounds.
 Tom is as tall as Jack.
 Tom is eager to buy a new car.
 Tom satisfied his hunger by eating some sandwiches.
 Tom is keen on surfing.
 Tom is going to apply for a job with a computer company.
 Tom heard this and got angry.
 Tom has always done well in every job he has had.
 Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
 Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
 Tom is a man of absolute sincerity.
 Tom can do this work alone.
 Tom likes tea better than coffee.
 Tom is riding high these days.
 Tom walked Kate home.
 Tom is the most diligent student in class.
 Tom works as hard as any boy in the class.
 No other boy in the class is taller.
 Tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
 Tom is the most diligent student in his class.
 Tom is first in his class.
 Tom made a motion that the class should have a party.
 Tom gambled away a fortune in one night.
 Tom came home early yesterday.
 Tom is taller than his mother.
 Tom is as tall as his father.
 Tom denied having stolen the money.
 Tom works more diligently now.
 Tom did it simply for the money.
 Tom always finds fault with her.
 Tom always leaves his bicycle dirty.
 Tom is always watching television.
 Tom is always playing video games.
 Tom will become a good soccer player some day.
 Tom is a good sort.
 Tom suggested that Ann should sell the house.
 Tom is not as old as you.
 Tom can swim as fast as you.
 Tom was the sort of man you could get along with.
 Tom will have breakfast early tomorrow.
 Tom lay on his back.
 Tom has bought a house which has six rooms.
 Tom was sitting silent for half an hour.
 Tom has a house which has two rooms.
 Tom is the taller of the two boys.
 Two high school boys beat Tom black and blue.
 Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
 Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
 Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
 Tom burned himself out as a baseball player.
 Tom is lying ill in bed.
 Tom was walking slowly with his head down.
 Tom is more wise than clever.
 Tom is the most handsome actor in the world.
 Tom noticed a drunkard lying in the street.
 Tom boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race.
 Tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness.
 Tom is a friend of mine.
 Tom's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
 Tom's way of speaking got on my nerves.
 Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
 Tom's hope was to win first prize.
 Tom's report leaves much to be desired.
 Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
 Tom's anger blazed out suddenly.
 We'll have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
 We are giving Tom a birthday party.
 Let's get up a party for Tom's birthday.
 All but Tom were present.
 Tom's hobby is collecting photos of cars.
 Where is Tom's classroom?
 Tom's speech was excellent.
 A good student like Tom brings honor to our class.
 Let's give Tom a surprise welcome party.
 Tom's grandmother looks healthy.
 Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
 I had to run to catch up with Tom.
 I got Tom to mend my shoes.
 I might as well throw my money into the sea as lend it to Tom.
 According to Tom, Jane got married last month.
 Tom has many talents.
 It is Tom's ambition to go to the moon.
 Tom has a talent for modern painting.
 Tom and I are friends.
 Tom and my secret came to light.
 Tom and I have nothing in common.
 Tom and I are good friends.
 If you go drinking with Tom, be prepared to listen to some pretty outlandish cock and bull stories.
 Tom is engaged to Ruth.
 Tom and Mike became acquainted through their mutual friends.
 Tom and Frank are good friends.
 Tom and Bill arrived at the conclusion independently of each other.
 I am on speaking terms with Tom.
 I advise you not to keep company with Tom.
 Tom and Sue love each other.
 Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
 Tom and Sue have known each other since 1985.
 Tom and John are good friends.
 Tom and Jim have been on bad terms for many years.
 Tom is as tall as Jim.
 Tom and Jane got married last month.
 Tom and Jane quarreled, but they made up the next morning.
 Will you go with Tom?
 Have you ever heard of a poet by the name of Tom?
 Aren't you Tom?
 It's none other than Tom!
 Tom's wife keeps him on such a short rope.
 It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
 I borrowed money not only from Tom, but from his wife, too.
 Tom was singled out for praise.
 Please give my best regards to Tom.
 It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
 Tom got first prize, didn't he?
 Do not interfere with Tom while he is reading.
 Don't interfere with Tom while he is reading.
 I wish Tom were my younger brother.
 There is little, if any, hope that Tom will win the election.
 It was yesterday that Tom broke the window.
 I heard Tom snoring during the class.
 Can you envisage Tom's working in a garage?
 Tom is the on-deck batter.
 I expect that Tom will pass the exam.
 It was a pity that Tom couldn't come to our party.
 Tom found me a taxi.
 Either Tom or I must go.
 It was the window that Tom broke yesterday.
 When Tom lost his wallet, he was out of luck.
 Tom owes what he is today to his wife.
 Tom is at the door. Please ask him in.
 I've heard of Tom's marriage to a rich woman.
 I'm going to talk to Tom when he returns home.
 Never did I dream of hearing from Tom.
 Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
 No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
 Tom leads the soccer team.
 When Tom told Chris he didn't like her scarf, she got rid of it.
 Who will fill in for Tom when he is away?
 Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
 What a good boy you are, Tom!
 Tom Skeleton was shaking and trembling in every limb.
 Mr Tom Jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item.
 "Sit down, Tom." "All right."
 Stand up and read the book, Tom.
 Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
 I'm going to have you read the letter to me, Tom.
 You look after the children, Tom.
 How nice to see you again, Tom.
 Give me your passport, Tom. I'll keep it in my safe.
 How are you, Tom?
 Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
 Tommy is a nice man.
 Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
 Tommy, can you hear me?
 The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
 The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
 Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
 Tomatoes are sold by the pound.
 Miss Thomas teaches us history.
 I'll have tomato and onion.
 Thomas was named after his father.
 Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
 All the stories are interesting.
 "Which line should I get in?" "Any line is fine."
 There's a black sheep in every flock.
 Every nation has its own myths.
 No book is worth reading.
 Where is the fat located?
 Which beautician would you like?
 They have all been through wind tests.
 Whichever road you may take, it will lead to the station.
 I hesitated about which road to take.
 You should be prudent in deciding which way to go.
 Whatever course you may take, you must do your best.
 The climate affects people in every land.
 But every train is so crowded that whatever we have in our hands doesn't fall even if we let it go.
 The trains were jammed with commuters.
 Which train takes us to Kamakura?
 Which train are you catching?
 I didn't know for certain which train to take.
 How formal is this ceremony?
 What train goes to the center of town?
 How much do you believe him?
 To what extent can he be trusted?
 I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
 To what extent was the report true?
 What subway goes to the center of town?
 Ask whichever of the boys you see first.
 Sales have dropped off at every big department store.
 It matters very little what college you graduated from.
 I had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to.
 He will have determined which college he wants to go to.
 I'm thinking about which college might be best for me.
 Every teacher does their best.
 Can you please tell me why there seem to be two churches in every village?
 Any seat will do.
 Every seat was full.
 None of the teachers could solve the problem.
 Every student was asked his or her name and birthplace.
 Each student has a locker.
 Every student knows the school song.
 Every pupil was asked one question.
 Every student has to leave school by six.
 Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
 Any paper you read will tell the same story.
 His courage was celebrated in all the newspapers.
 A full description of him has been circulated in every newspaper.
 Every boss has his or her favorite employee.
 Every boy and girl knows him.
 Each and every boy has gone to see the game.
 Each boy has a bike.
 Every boy and every girl was delighted.
 Every girl knows that singer.
 Every woman was shocked at the sight.
 Each of the girls was dressed neatly.
 Every girl cannot be a ballerina.
 Which car is less crowded?
 We all must abide by laws to live in any society.
 We all abide by law to live in any society.
 Can you recommend a good play?
 Which dictionary did you refer to?
 Which dictionary do you often use?
 Where does it hurt?
 Not all children like apples.
 All children do not like apples.
 No work can be done with ease.
 Every child bowed to the teacher.
 I haven't decided which job to apply for.
 Every country has its own history.
 Every country has its national flag.
 Which dog is yours?
 Which shoes are you going to put on?
 Which airport do I leave from?
 What subject are you poor at?
 What subject are you good at?
 Which subject do you like best?
 There is an exception to every rule.
 Every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay.
 What season do you like the best?
 Every government office seems to have problems in expediting matters without entanglement in its red tape system.
 Every student passed the driving test.
 What school a person graduated from counts for nothing.
 What fruit do you like the best?
 Please advise me which subject I should choose.
 I like English best of all subjects.
 Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
 Which house did you live in?
 Every house had a garden.
 What lies are truth?
 How soon will the meeting begin?
 How do you want them?
 He explained how the accident came about.
 How can I get to the police station?
 How shall we deal with this problem?
 How did you get to know her?
 How did you get to know about her?
 How are you getting along?
 How do you think I learned to speak English?
 How did you come by an admission ticket for the auto show free of charge?
 Can you tell me how to get to Hyde Park?
 How did the car accident come about?
 How do you happen to know Mr Slater?
 How did you figure out this problem?
 How did you arrive at this conclusion?
 How did you come here?
 How can you tell an Englishman from an American?
 How do you want your hair cut?
 What would you like to be called?
 How are you getting along with your study?
 How did you embody your idea?
 What are the symptoms?
 Please inform me what options are available to me.
 Half the fun of giving and receiving presents at any party is to see and talk about what everyone else brought.
 I would appreciate any information you can send to us.
 What payment options are available?
 You can always count on him in any emergency.
 What sports do you go in for?
 I don't know which button to push.
 Which platform is it on?
 Every bus is full.
 Life has its sorrows, as every rose has its thorns.
 Could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town?
 She wondered which door to open.
 Every team, without exception, was defeated.
 Which is your favorite team?
 Which team will win?
 Which team is the most likely to win the championship?
 What sport do you like best?
 Which skirt do you like?
 The debate over which consultant to use went on for hours.
 Which concert did you choose to attend?
 What gate do I board at?
 What gate is my connection?
 Which credit cards can I use?
 How complex?
 How long have you been abroad?
 How long have you been ill?
 How huge a deficit can the nation stand?
 How long does this train stop there?
 How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
 How long will you be staying?
 How long have you waited?
 How long will you be here?
 How deep?
 How high is it?
 How long have you been waiting for me?
 How big?
 How much will it cost?
 Nobody knows exactly how many races make up the population of the United States.
 How long will it stop there?
 How far is it from here to the city?
 How long have you been learning English?
 How long do you plan to stay?
 How much of a discount can you give?
 How soon can I get to Tokyo?
 How long will it take to get well?
 How soon will this laundry be ready?
 How long has he lived there?
 How soon can you have this dress ready?
 How well can you play guitar?
 Can you guess which cooler is the most efficient?
 Every dog is alive.
 Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
 At any rate, I hope you can come.
 Thank you just the same.
 In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
 Let's hope for the best anyway.
 Anyway, she didn't get what she hoped for.
 You must dry your clothes in any case.
 He may be in Paris now, for all I know.
 I was surprised at his success at all.
 It's too late, anyhow.
 Anyway, I gave it my best shot.
 Let's get started anyway.
 At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
 Anyhow, let's begin.
 We have to investigate the cause at any rate.
 In any case, I won't change my mind.
 Anyway, I'm getting more experience.
 In any case you had better obey your parents.
 At any rate, I did my duty.
 Anyway, if it just stops raining, then we might be able to go out.
 Eat and drink.
 It's worth trying at all events.
 Anyway, I'll take a chance.
 Anyway, please come in.
 At any rate, I will do my best.
 I will try to solve the problem at any rate.
 Just put those packages anywhere.
 At any rate, the program was a success.
 Have some lobster at any rate.
 In any case, you have to study hard.
 In any case, you must come here by ten.
 In any event, I will do my best.
 In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
 At any rate, we have to finish this chapter before we can start on the next.
 Anyhow, I'm relieved the test is over.
 At any rate, I'll go to college after graduating from high school.
 At any rate, I would like to thank you all.
 Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
 Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
 At any rate, you had better go there.
 In any case, it's no business of yours.
 In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
 Tony has a nice voice.
 Does Tony study after dinner?
 Tony studies after dinner.
 Tony is playing.
 Does Tony run every day?
 Tony runs every day.
 How long does Tony run every day?
 Tony can run fast.
 Who does Tony like?
 Tony is a fast runner.
 Tony lives in Kobe.
 Tony speaks English well.
 Tony speaks English better than I do.
 Tony speaks English the best in our class.
 Tony has lived in Kumamoto since last year.
 How old is Tony?
 What is Tony doing?
 How well Tony can play tennis!
 Tony can play tennis very well.
 Tony is a very good tennis player.
 Where is Tony playing?
 Has Tony been watching TV?
 Tony was not busy then.
 Where was Tony playing then?
 Is Tony there?
 When does Tony study?
 Though Tony is American, he can't speak English.
 Tony speaks English as well as you.
 Tony's voice is nice.
 What does Tony do?
 Tony can run fastest in our class.
 Tony broke it.
 I'm making about four times as much myself as when I first hired Tony.
 Tony is a polite boy.
 Tony saw green fields and small, quiet villages.
 Tony was a good, strong boy.
 Tony did not know their names.
 Tony did not feel poor.
 Tony heard her voice and stopped playing the piano.
 Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.
 Tony is a very tall boy.
 Tony ate his meals in the kitchen and he slept in a little room at the top of the farmhouse.
 Tony realized that if he hired another crew, got more customers and did the job quicker and sloppier, he could make more money.
 Tony went to Boston for the purpose of carrying out an important business transaction.
 Tom liked his job very much.
 Tony looked down at his dirty old shoes.
 Tony gave us a piece of helpful advice.
 Tony was happy.
 Tony thought about the factory and the shops.
 What a tall boy Tony is!
 What a good tennis player Tony is!
 He lifted the board and looked at the keys.
 Tony carved his name on a tree with a knife.
 Where's Tony?
 Tony stood at the door.
 Tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it.
 Tony did not often hear music.
 Tony could see a river and an old bridge.
 Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
 Tony and his mother arrived at the farmhouse and walked through the farmyard.
 Donald doesn't like people who speak ill of others.
 Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
 Who do you want to speak to?
 I wonder if you would kindly introduce us to someone.
 Who teaches you English conversation?
 Totoro makes friends with everyone.
 I had no choice but to stay.
 It was very exciting! I'd like to go again.
 It was such a fine day that we decided to have a picnic.
 We can never begin to finish this work by tomorrow.
 People usually find it very difficult to break the ice when they meet someone extremely attractive for the first time.
 Though very busy, she came to see me off.
 I'm traveling on a tight schedule. I don't have the time.
 He's very forgetful of things.
 I was put to great inconvenience.
 I saw some very beautiful scenes.
 It's a beautiful country.
 I am too tired to walk any more.
 I cannot run because I am very tired.
 I'm so tired that I don't feel like studying tonight.
 I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
 Being very tired, I fell asleep soon.
 Being very tired, I went to bed early.
 I'm too tired to walk any longer.
 I'm very tired. I don't feel like taking a walk now.
 It's heartbreaking.
 You can't hope to catch up with him.
 It was very difficult.
 I feel very feverish.
 There wasn't anything like enough light to read by.
 It was such a nice day that the street was full of people.
 It was such a nice day.
 It was so nice a day that we went for a hike in the mountains.
 It was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic.
 Though it was very late, he went on working.
 It's nice and warm.
 They are very big.
 There are so many questions: Do I like myself?
 Rebecca gets up exceedingly early every day.
 It was a beautiful sight.
 It's a very quiet room.
 It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
 You've been very good to me.
 You've been very helpful.
 It's too hot for us to work.
 It was hot. I couldn't stand it any longer.
 It was so hot I took my coat off.
 It was so hot that we went swimming.
 It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
 It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
 It was extremely hot, so I took my coat off.
 It was such a hot night that I could not sleep till midnight.
 It was such a hot day that we went swimming.
 I dislike going through customs at the airport because it takes so long.
 It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
 The priceless china shattered into fragments.
 You're not fit to be seen.
 I'm fine, thanks. Oh, Laura, this is my friend, Ayako.
 We had an intense competition.
 It was raining good and hard.
 Much to my surprise, the door opened noiselessly.
 I feel like a brand new person.
 I am greatly impressed.
 I was moved.
 I really appreciate what you've done.
 The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
 It was very cold, and what was worse, it began to rain.
 I didn't go out because it was very cold.
 It was so cold that we made a fire.
 It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
 It being very cold, they stayed at home.
 It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
 It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
 It being very cold, we stayed at home.
 It being awfully cold, the party were almost frozen to death.
 Cold as it was, we went out.
 Though it was very cold, I went out.
 The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
 It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
 It was such a cold day that we decided not to go out.
 It's so cold that the river has frozen over.
 I feel very cold.
 It's so cold that we can skate.
 I don't know the name of the birds that were singing such a merry song.
 I was having a very good time, when the sad news came.
 It was very pleasant. However, it would have been more pleasant if I had been able to speak English fluently.
 I really enjoyed myself.
 I had a wonderful time.
 It was a very pleasant afternoon.
 It was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk.
 It was so dark.
 It is too dark for me to read.
 It was really cheap.
 It's a very becoming dress.
 This is anything but easy.
 I am in a stew.
 I cannot bring myself to help such a man.
 A very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess.
 I feel very chilly.
 I can't possibly manage it.
 It was so thrilling and real fun.
 It is such a beautiful day that I'd like to go fishing in the river.
 It was so lovely a day that I preferred to walk.
 Just fancy!
 That's a beautiful dress.
 It was very beautiful.
 I felt very awkward.
 I'm so hungry that I could eat a horse.
 I'm as hungry as a bear.
 I was very hungry.
 Being very rich, he thought he could do anything.
 I'm very short of money.
 It tastes very good.
 It was an exciting game.
 We had a very good time indeed.
 It tastes very great.
 You look very delighted.
 It smelled really good.
 It was so noisy that I couldn't make myself heard.
 It's too sunny to stay inside.
 A very bright idea came to my mind.
 If it weren't for the climate, I'd like it here very much.
 It's very good.
 Pretty good. Did you go to today's history seminar?
 I want to know about your country so much.
 It is an impossible accident.
 It's very hot, isn't it?
 I have made a prize mistake.
 The Doppler effect is also observed with light and with radiant energy in general.
 The top engineer put the car through a series of rigorous tests.
 The two leading firms are actually in cahoots with each other.
 I want everything on it.
 Whichever you choose, you will be satisfied.
 Either way I don't like him.
 Either way, it's not important.
 Which way shall we go now?
 I don't know which dress to choose; it's a toss up between the red one and the green one.
 Either day would be all right with me.
 Can you tell me which button to press?
 Heads I win, tails you lose.
 In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
 Just the same!
 Who's winning?
 It doesn't matter.
 Whichever wins, I'll be happy.
 Which one will be our final resting place?
 I don't know which is which.
 All at once the lights went out.
 The sky suddenly began to darken.
 Already he was aware of it.
 Who is this, please?
 Beat it.
 Who is calling, please?
 Which he wants is not clear.
 We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
 Whichever you read, you will find it interesting.
 It won't make any difference whichever you choose.
 Whichever you choose, make sure it is a good one.
 Whichever you may choose, it will do you a lot of good.
 I am of two minds about which to choose.
 It lies with you to decide which to choose.
 It's entirely up to you which one you may choose.
 Which do you recommend?
 No matter which you make, you will be satisfied with it.
 Please tell me which to take.
 She is no more beautiful than her mother is.
 I like neither of them.
 I wonder which way to go.
 Which way should I go?
 Where would you like to go?
 Where are you headed for?
 I haven't read either book.
 You may choose whichever book you want to read.
 You can take either book.
 You may choose whichever book you like.
 Which book is better?
 Which book is yours?
 Which cap is yours?
 I could not decide which way to choose.
 We have not yet discussed which method is better.
 Which one do you think is correct?
 Is there a clock in either room?
 Either day is OK.
 Whichever highway you decide on, it will be crowded with cars and trucks.
 Which highway leads to the football stadium?
 You can take either road.
 Whichever way you go, you can get to the station.
 Either way will lead you to the station.
 You can reach the park by either road.
 Whichever way you take, it'll take you the same time.
 You had better ask him which way to take.
 No matter which road you follow, the drive to town won't take you more than twenty minutes.
 Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station in about ten minutes.
 We were quite at a loss which way to go.
 Which way will you take?
 Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station.
 Do you know which way to take?
 Which way goes to the city hall?
 Which way is the nearest?
 I wonder which way is the shortest.
 Which side is batting?
 We have given careful thought to both alternatives.
 Which newspaper do you work for?
 I don't know either boy.
 I don't like either of the boys.
 I didn't see either boy.
 Which boy is Masao?
 It is hard to say which car is nicer.
 Which car is your father's?
 I don't like either watch.
 Which company do you work for?
 Which prince is the legitimate heir to the throne?
 Which plan do you believe is better?
 Neither team played well in the game.
 There is no knowing which team will win.
 Which team is likely to win?
 Which team will win the game?
 Which team won the game?
 It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
 You may take either of the glasses.
 It's touch and go.
 Which bag is yours?
 Where are you staying?
 Who do you work for?
 You may choose whichever you want.
 Could you tell me which way I should go?
 You may choose whichever you like.
 Eat whichever one you like.
 Take whichever you like.
 You can take whichever way you like.
 You can take whichever road you like.
 You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
 Take the one you like best, whichever it is.
 Take whichever you want.
 Take whichever one you like.
 Choose whichever you want.
 You can choose whichever color you like.
 We cannot tell which is better.
 Say which one you would like.
 It's a tossup as to who will win; both teams are about the same in quality.
 Which side won?
 I can't remember which is my racket.
 Which is mine?
 One of us will have to go.
 Which shall I begin with?
 I asked the teacher which was the better.
 Tell me which you want.
 I would rather go out.
 Either of the students may fail the exam.
 I would rather not go.
 If anything, she isn't any better today.
 He, if anything, is the romantic type.
 If anything, my father seems happier than before.
 If anything, my grandfather seems happier than before.
 If anything, my new job is harder than my old one.
 If anything, the economy in our country is going up.
 I'd rather live in a wooden house.
 He is, if anything, a little taller than I.
 He is rather optimistic.
 I would rather divorce him.
 May I ask which you prefer?
 One way is not better than the other.
 Which is your guitar?
 Which is your book, this one or that one?
 Words failed me at the last minute.
 The Dodgers went on winning with irresistible force.
 The Dodgers were annihilated by the Giants.
 The Dodgers and Giants, traditional rivals, arrived together.
 Who does Toshio like?
 Does Toshio like Sachiko?
 Toshio can speak English very well.
 Where will you visit?
 No matter where you may travel, be sure to phone me once a week.
 What place did you see?
 What should I see?
 It rains in some places.
 There are isolated rain showers.
 By the way, are you free this afternoon?
 By the way, where does he live?
 By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?
 Say, Mike. Tell me how to get to your house.
 This case requires watching, by the way.
 By the way, are you free tonight?
 Well, what sports do you like?
 By the way, where are you from?
 By the way, do you have any spare batteries?
 By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
 By the way, what is the matter with him?
 By the way, have you seen him lately?
 By the way, have you heard from him lately?
 By the way, do you play the violin?
 By the way, where do you live?
 By the way, what is your address?
 By the way, what happened to the money I lent you?
 By the way, would you like to come and see my mother?
 By the way, how many kids are going?
 By the way, what time will you go there?
 By the way, how old are you?
 Well, I think it's time the real story was told.
 So, Betty, have you decided on your dream home yet?
 By the way, I have something to tell you.
 By the way, have you heard from her since then?
 By the way, did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there?
 By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
 By the way, have you done your homework?
 By the way, have you ever been to Europe?
 By the way, what do you do?
 Instead she merely looked surprised and - could it be - amused.
 As it is, I can do nothing.
 But the earth's magnetic field is very weak.
 Don't cry. There's nothing wrong.
 Everywhere seems to be crowded.
 How far are you going?
 How far are you going for a drive?
 Where can I park?
 Wherever you go, you'll find Japanese tourists.
 Everywhere you go, you will find the same scenery.
 Wherever he may go, he is sure to make friends.
 Wherever you go, you will meet people who are kind and generous.
 No matter where you go, you will find no place like home.
 Wherever you may go, you'll be welcomed.
 Guess where I've been.
 I don't know where to go.
 Tell him where he should go.
 Please tell me where to go.
 No matter where you may go, you may find the same thing.
 Wherever you may go, you will not find a better place than your home.
 Even if you go away, I'll still passionately love you.
 Wherever you may go, you may find examples of his evil doings.
 Wherever you go, you will find the same kind of people.
 Where can I obtain a map of Europe?
 Where can I cash this personal check?
 I take my camera wherever I go.
 Where to go and what to see were my primary concerns.
 Where do you want to go?
 You can go anywhere you like.
 Every hospital has a back-up electric generator in case of blackout.
 What seats do you want?
 What papers do you take?
 It matters little where he is from.
 As children are known to emulate the values of adults, it is often pointed out such "education mamas" instill a warped sense of values in their children.
 Information is given in English at every airport.
 What school do you go to?
 Which doctor is attending you?
 There's a long line at every cash register.
 Where can I get in touch with you?
 You know where the problem lies.
 Please tell me where to park my car.
 Where are you planning to stay?
 She advised me where to stay.
 Where will you be staying?
 The travel agent will advise you where to stay.
 I asked him where he lived.
 Please tell me where you will live.
 Where should I sit?
 There is an air of resignation everywhere.
 Where can I get some help?
 Do you know where I might find small cowboy boots?
 I have to take a bus to go anywhere.
 Where will we eat?
 You know where everything is.
 When we discussed where to go on a picnic, some wanted to go to the forest, others wanted to go to the sea.
 I'm just another man.
 I have no idea where I left my keys.
 Let's hash it all out.
 Where would I find books?
 Where can we exchange yen into dollars?
 Where can I get on the airplane?
 Where did you get to know her?
 Where did you get your hair cut?
 Where do you work?
 Where do I get the subway?
 Do you know where you should get on the subway?
 Where should we meet?
 Will you tell me where to buy the ticket?
 Can you tell me where to buy tickets?
 Where should I pick the tickets up?
 Where can I get stamps?
 Will you tell me where to change trains?
 Where should I transfer?
 Where do I have to change trains?
 The question is where to stop the car.
 Where did you have your picture taken?
 Where do you think I met her?
 Where can I try this on?
 Where do I pay for the gas?
 Where would I find shoes?
 We haven't decided where to take a rest.
 Where do you intend to spend your vacation?
 Tell me where the meeting will be held.
 Where can I get my money exchanged?
 Where shall we meet?
 Where can I pick up my baggage?
 Where do I claim my bags?
 Where can I exchange yen for dollars?
 You may go wherever you like.
 Put it wherever there is room.
 Wherever you say.
 Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
 I didn't know where to get the bus.
 Where do I get the bus?
 Where can dollars be exchanged for pounds?
 Where can I exchange my dollars for pounds?
 Where did you get the idea?
 Where can I get a taxi?
 Where did you find it, at school or at home?
 Where did you get it?
 Where did you have the suit made?
 Where did you find that doll?
 Where did you procure the information?
 Where did you find the key?
 Where did you have your suit made?
 Where did you get your camera repaired?
 Where is it possible for you to see me?
 It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
 Where shall I wait for you?
 Where would I find T-shirts?
 Please tell me where to take bus No. 7.
 Where would I find CDs?
 Where? I'd like to take one, too.
 I want to go somewhere on a trip.
 Where's convenient for you?
 Before we go anywhere, we should exchange some money.
 Is something wrong with you?
 Something must be wrong with the machinery.
 Will you tell me where I am wrong?
 What ails you?
 What's wrong with me?
 Where did you come from?
 The doctor was not sure what the trouble was.
 Where does it leave from?
 Where did you get on this bus?
 I wonder who started that rumor.
 They could hear the elegant, flowing sound of a harp coming from somewhere.
 It seems to me that something is wrong.
 If you go anywhere, you had better tell your mother first.
 Would you like to go have a drink?
 It's five o'clock somewhere now.
 Some wise guy left the milk out of the refrigerator all night.
 Is there a telephone anywhere?
 Are you going anywhere?
 In this town, if anywhere, you will find old Japan at her best.
 Where can I get hold of a good tax lawyer?
 That rings a bell.
 I remember seeing her somewhere.
 We have to draw a line somewhere.
 I must have made a mistake somewhere.
 Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
 I had my money stolen somewhere.
 I think I've met you before.
 I remember seeing you somewhere.
 I remember meeting you somewhere.
 Let's have a tea break somewhere around there.
 I could tell at a glance that something was wrong.
 There must be something wrong with the engine.
 Do you know a good place to have lunch?
 Every rose has its thorn.
 Let's study a specific example.
 By the way, have you seen anything of Carter lately?
 Mingle your joys sometimes with your earnest occupation.
 Sometimes the game lasted all day.
 Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years.
 I sometimes have abnormal vaginal bleeding.
 Keep in touch with me.
 Once in a while, she is late for school.
 Every now and then they went shopping together.
 Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
 Do you hear from your son from time to time?
 Let me hear from you now and again, will you?
 Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
 Sometimes I doubt your intelligence.
 People sometimes compare death to sleep.
 Please write to me from time to time.
 The oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
 Drop in now and again.
 Sometimes I run out of money.
 Every now and then, I play tennis for recreation.
 Now and then, we go to London on business.
 Sometimes when it's very cold, I can't get my car to start.
 From time to time, a proposal to pull down a much-loved old building to make room for a new block of flats, raises a storm of angry protest.
 Sometimes the boys would play a joke on the teacher.
 I hear from him once in a while.
 From time to time she stopped and looked round.
 From time to time, he goes to the library to get new information about books.
 Sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings.
 Degas was born more than years ago.
 A new year began meanwhile.
 It should be noted that Dole did not intend to change the configuration of the communication protocol.
 Not a soul was to be seen in the street.
 Mr Thomas is a very able teacher.
 Mr Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
 Mr. Thomas had no objection to Mr. White being elected chairman.
 Thomas hurried away so as to be in time for the train.
 Thomas could not carry out his task on account of an accident.
 Let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament.
 Totem poles consist of a group of figures that represent animals, birds, fish, mythological beings and supernatural beasts.
 These poles, called totem poles, are thought to have been worshipped or constructed for frightening enemies.
 I've burnt the toast.
 The toast has burned black.
 It's as hot as toast.
 I'd like two slices of toast and a cup of tea.
 I had to fix the toaster.
 Give me five tokens, please.
 Dorgan didn't know how to spell dachshund.
 What do you make of it?
 Can you come?
 A fierce dog attacked the girl.
 There's no way I can make it up to you.
 No matter what the excuse, he is to be blamed.
 How shall I put it?
 How is it going?
 Every means has failed.
 Even with a generous estimate, there were at most only 2,people.
 This is hardly the time to start a new enterprise.
 Now, what do you think?
 On what account?
 To all appearances, she is healthy.
 To all appearances, they are a happy couple.
 To all appearances, they don't study hard.
 To all appearances, their actions haven't borne fruit.
 To all appearance his statement was true.
 Please let me know how you are going to solve it.
 What's the difference?
 How do you go to school?
 Tell me how you solved the problem.
 I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
 Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
 I seem to have caught a cold.
 He seems to know all about her past.
 He seems to have been ill for a long time.
 I seem to have left my umbrella behind in the train.
 It looks like it's going to be sunny.
 I'm afraid I've eaten too much.
 There appears to be a misunderstanding.
 It looks as if you're right.
 I seem to have caught a bad cold.
 It seems that he was late for the meeting yesterday.
 I almost think you're right.
 Apparently that shabby flat is vacant.
 How did the secret get out?
 How can you break the news to her?
 How did he come here?
 How will they get through the cold winter in that tent?
 How do you make a box?
 How does he gain his living?
 How can I pick out fresh fish?
 How did you get them?
 How can we put it into practice?
 How can we kill time?
 How are you going to carry it out?
 How did you find my house?
 Can you give me the recipe?
 How did you make it?
 The question of how to establish the optimal formula is still open.
 How can you justify your rude behavior?
 How did you come to school?
 How do you plan to get home?
 How are you going to get home?
 Nothing would persuade him.
 How do I open the hood?
 How did you come by such a large sum of money?
 I can't remember how to go there.
 How do you figure out this problem?
 How can I make the deadline for this document?
 How did you obtain this painting?
 How can I meet this quota?
 Could you show me how to use this pump?
 How did you pull off that agreement?
 How can three men divide $5? I'll give each of them only $1, and I'll keep $2.
 How can I get rid of him?
 I'm afraid I caught a cold.
 I'm afraid she will fail.
 It sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter.
 I can't figure out what he means.
 I seem to have a temperature.
 I seem to have a fever.
 It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
 I think I have a decayed tooth.
 It's not my cup of tea.
 I just don't feel satisfied.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
 I'm afraid I didn't explain it too well.
 Somehow I cannot settle down to work.
 Oh, I don't know if I agree with you.
 I don't get it.
 There seems to be no need to go.
 I think I'd better stay here.
 I get the feeling you still have an axe to grind. If you've got something to say come on out and say it.
 I am not feeling quite up to par.
 I'm afraid it will rain.
 Corn is an important crop in the United States.
 Something is wrong with this word processor.
 That's very kind of you.
 It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
 That is a fine excuse.
 I feel that I don't really belong here.
 Hi, I'm Taro Kawaguchi.
 Something seems to be wrong with my stomach.
 I'm just looking, thank you.
 I'm not too clear about that point.
 Thanks. Could I return it to you instead?
 This will do for the time being.
 We gained access to the house through the window.
 I managed to make the teacher understand my idea.
 I managed to finish the book.
 Can you possibly help me?
 I need to get there soon by any means.
 I can play the piano after a fashion.
 At last, she hit on a good idea.
 After all she did not come.
 At last she got a job as a stewardess.
 Finally the children saw a little orchard in the middle of the mountain with apple trees growing inside it.
 Finally they gave in to their enemy.
 At last he unfolded his plans for their future.
 He was put to death finally.
 At last he could finish the work.
 At last he appeared.
 It seems that the rainy season is over at last.
 We have been completely cornered.
 At last, the truth was revealed to us.
 I have finally finished my homework; now I can go to bed.
 At length, we reached the top of the mountain.
 At last, we succeeded in solving the question.
 At length, my wish was realized.
 Finally, my sister got engaged.
 Finally, my sister got married.
 At last we can afford a house.
 We finally got rid of our old car.
 At last, we reached California.
 At last, the day has arrived for us to act.
 Summer seems to have come at last.
 At last the rats came to the river.
 At last, the baby fell asleep.
 Eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine.
 At long last, you will get married in June.
 It seems to have worn out.
 At last a good idea struck me.
 In the end, because of the disease, he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around.
 Finally, she chose another kitten.
 I can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in.
 Sing the song once more, please.
 You'll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
 Go ahead with your story.
 Please give us some examples.
 Please tell me the truth.
 Please take off your hat.
 Please keep it secret.
 Please ring him up.
 Please make way for him.
 Please knock before you come in.
 Would you please tell me the way?
 May you live long!
 Let me pass, please.
 Please drive carefully.
 Pass down the car, please.
 Please step inside.
 Please come in and make yourself at home.
 You will please open the window.
 Please take good care of yourself.
 Please give me your answer by return.
 Please keep quiet.
 Please sit at the table.
 Please go on with your dinner.
 Please have the maid carry it to my room.
 Please help me with my homework.
 Please help yourself to some cake.
 Please share my umbrella.
 I want to speak to Mr. Sato, please.
 "Sit down, please," he said.
 Please give my best regards to your parents.
 Stand back, please.
 Please come to my house in the afternoon.
 Please don't stand on ceremony.
 Please be careful of your health.
 Give me your opinion, please.
 Please bring your plan up at the meeting.
 Please give your mother my best regards.
 You must forgive me.
 Please do it quickly.
 Please make yourselves at home, and help yourselves to drinks.
 Please keep the fire burning.
 Please warm yourself at the fire.
 Please feel free to call me up.
 Please feel free to make a suggestion.
 Please feel free to ask questions.
 Please feel free to make suggestions.
 Please have some cookies.
 Please come in one by one.
 Please tell me the way to the XYZ store.
 Please have a try.
 Please come and see me again.
 Please use your headsets.
 Pass me the butter, will you please.
 By all means.
 Open the door, please.
 Close the door, please.
 Please turn on the television.
 Please turn it on.
 Please see that the job is finished.
 Please be careful not to let the dog loose.
 Please put me through to Mr Smith.
 Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.
 Please tell me your address.
 Please help yourself.
 Help yourself, please.
 Be my guest.
 Please put this into English.
 Please stay as long as you wish.
 Take this seat, please.
 Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
 Please have a seat here.
 Go ahead.
 Please write down your name, address, and phone number here.
 Go ahead. Your party is on the line.
 Please drop in on us.
 Please take care of yourself.
 Please enter now.
 Do me the favor of coming.
 Please don't bother.
 Please make yourself comfortable.
 Make yourself comfortable.
 Please help yourself to the cakes.
 Please don't get up.
 Please make yourself at home, and help yourself to some coffee.
 Please have a second helping.
 Sit down, please.
 Please have a seat.
 Please tell me about your trip.
 Please do as it seems best to you.
 Please go up to the third floor.
 I appreciate your request to reproduce copies of my report.
 Please, tell me.
 Please get a lot of pencils.
 Have another glass of beer, please.
 Please remain seated.
 Yes, please do.
 Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
 Please write down your name here.
 Will you step this way, please?
 Please help yourself to the cookies.
 Go ahead!
 I wish you every happiness.
 Help yourself to the cake, please.
 Please take a seat.
 The essence of Japanese culture could never be appreciated by them.
 I daresay you are going to go no matter what.
 At any rate, if you learn English, study it thoroughly.
 If you learn English at all, learn it thoroughly.
 If you do it at all, try to do it well.
 As he's just up on his high horse again.
 You're only foolin' round.
 How can I get to heaven?
 How can we abolish war?
 How can I make a long-distance call?
 How can I reach you?
 I am at a loss what to do.
 Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
 How can I succeed in getting a date with Nancy?
 What are you going to do about it?
 In making a decision, I rely not on logic but on instinct.
 It can't be helped.
 I can't start up my computer. What am I supposed to do?
 Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
 How is it she does not come?
 How come she hung up on you?
 What made her so angry?
 How did she get mixed up with such unpleasant people?
 How did you get acquainted with her?
 I don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
 Will you tell me why you like her?
 I can't figure out why she didn't come.
 How did you get to know him?
 Why did they turn down your proposal?
 Why did they come to believe in such a religion?
 How can we dispel their doubts and fears?
 What prevented him from coming?
 What makes him hated?
 Why should he think that he knows better than I do?
 Why is he looking at me as though he knows me?
 I wonder what has made him change his mind.
 How come he hates Molly?
 What had kept him from coming to the party?
 Why might he have done that, I wonder?
 Why is he angry about something like that?
 What made him so angry then, I wonder?
 How did they come by all that wealth?
 Why are you so hard on him?
 I can't figure out why he didn't tell the truth.
 You are mistaken as to what makes him so nervous.
 I cannot figure out why he has done that.
 Why are you drying your hair?
 Why don't you come in?
 Why did you fail the entrance examination?
 And why do you think that is?
 Why has Japan let pollution get so bad?
 I wondered why people were staring at me.
 Why can Taro speak English so well?
 I wonder why nobody told me.
 Why did you run away?
 Why don't you try to behave like a gentleman?
 Why has the birthrate declined so sharply?
 Why not apologize and ask for his pardon?
 Why did you leave out the first question on the exam?
 How come you aren't taking me?
 Why are you holding my hands?
 What made you think that my favorite color was green?
 Why have you bought the same camera as I have?
 Why ask me? Wouldn't it be better to do it yourself?
 Why all of a sudden did he ask me such a serious question?
 How can I jump so high?
 How should I know where he is?
 What makes you think that I'm against that?
 I don't see why I should not do that.
 How come you didn't call me last night?
 I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
 Why don't you ever say it?
 How did a total stranger know his name?
 How can you believe that she made away with the papers?
 Why didn't you get one before we left?
 How come you say nothing?
 How did you come to know it?
 What are you doing that for?
 How can you tolerate such a deed?
 What made you come here so early?
 Let's check why your answers differ from mine.
 I can't understand how your father managed to see through that man.
 How come you don't know this?
 How come you are here?
 Why are you under the desk?
 Why did you come home so late?
 Why did you part with your house?
 What made up your mind to quit smoking?
 I wonder why they left my name off the list.
 Not knowing what to do, I asked for help.
 Not knowing what to do, I was at a loss.
 Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
 How can I forget those days?
 I can't recall her name.
 I can't for the life of me remember her phone number.
 I can't for the life of me remember her address.
 I couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth.
 I could not remember his name for the life of me.
 We could not open the box anyhow.
 For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
 I just can't memorize students' names.
 I can't recall the exact words.
 I'm just a creature of habit, I guess.
 I want to get rid of it.
 For the life of me, I couldn't remember his name.
 Accidents will happen.
 At all costs, I want to live in America.
 I could never make him believe what I said.
 I just can't make up my mind.
 I can't recollect how to do it.
 If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
 I cannot understand it for the life of me.
 I couldn't bring myself to take the job.
 I cannot for the life of me remember where it was.
 I simply cannot get rid of this bad cold of mine.
 I do want to go to Italy.
 Why did you paint the bench red?
 Why did you give up the idea of learning French?
 What made Bill decide to be an engineer?
 How did you learn to play the violin?
 Why don't you get rid of your motorcycle? You never ride it any more.
 Why didn't you say anything?
 Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
 What makes you think that way?
 Why did you say such a stupid thing?
 How can you say such a silly thing?
 How did you arrive at such a conclusion?
 How can you bear such a humiliation?
 Why do you take such a risk?
 How come you made such a mistake?
 How can you be so calm?
 What made you say such a stupid thing as that?
 Clara asked me why I worked so hard.
 How can you be so passive? Why don't you retaliate?
 Why are you so late?
 Why are you so angry?
 What do you want such an old car for?
 Why does that require an apology?
 Tell me what makes you so depressed.
 How did such a thing come about?
 How did you come to believe that?
 How did you come to hear of it?
 Why did the lawyer lose the argument?
 How did the accident come about?
 What makes you think so?
 What put such an idea into your head?
 What do you learn Spanish for?
 How can you afford another suit?
 I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
 What led you to this conclusion?
 How did this misunderstanding ever arise?
 How come you call on us so late at night?
 Why did you call me at this unearthly hour?
 How can I quit this job?
 How is it that you can speak this language?
 How did this dangerous state come about?
 What did you come here for?
 I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
 I had no idea what to do.
 Why will you not listen to reason?
 Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
 Not knowing what to do, we telephoned the police.
 Why didn't you follow my advice?
 What's kept you?
 What made you do a silly thing like that?
 Why should I apologize to you?
 What made you think so?
 Why can't you take things just as they are?
 Why do they say you have to learn English to survive?
 Why didn't you tell us about this earlier? We'd have been able to do something about it.
 Why is it so hot?
 How come you didn't come to the party?
 What happened? The car's slowing down.
 What's up, Mike?
 What has estranged him from his sister?
 Tell me how to beat sleeplessness.
 Please tell me how I can get in touch with him.
 I don't know how to satisfy his need for constant attention.
 How can I become rich?
 How can we buy British goods?
 As I was at a loss what to do, I asked my teacher for advice.
 I was almost at my wits' end how to act.
 How can I start the engine?
 Not knowing what to do, she remained silent.
 How can I get to the zoo from here?
 He asked me what was the matter with me.
 What's the matter with you? You look pale.
 What's the trouble? Can I be of any help?
 What's the matter, dad? Why are you grimacing like that?
 Have you lost your marbles, wearing those bell-bottoms?
 Please remain standing.
 Please wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
 Turn on the light, please.
 Please let me make it up to you.
 Please remember to mail the letter.
 Please forgive me.
 Please come in an ordinary dress.
 Please correct my pronunciation.
 I entreat you to go and see him.
 Let me know the way.
 Keep it secret, please.
 Please let me know the result by telephone.
 Please let me in.
 Turn off the light, please.
 Open the window, please.
 I hope you will be quite well again before long.
 Pass on, please, and do not obstruct the way.
 Bring me a glass of water, please.
 Please don't forget to post the letter.
 Please have my baggage brought to the station.
 Please let me take your picture.
 Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
 Anyhow, don't make me one.
 Please read and criticize my new book.
 Help me with my homework, please.
 Please rid me of this pain.
 I beg you forgive me.
 Please find me my overcoat.
 Smile at me, please.
 Can you tell me the time, please?
 Please don't bother about me.
 Please give me a piece of bread.
 Would you please tell me the story about bird watching?
 Please don't mind me.
 Please remind me to post the letter.
 Shut the door, please.
 Please show me your detailed plan.
 Pray forgive me!
 I hope you enjoy your flight.
 Please step back.
 Please don't have any hard feelings.
 Please introduce me to her.
 The chili burnt my tongue.
 I beg of you to listen carefully.
 Please tell me the story once more.
 Please give me another chance.
 Please accept my humble apologies.
 Will you please shut the door?
 Please turn the television on.
 Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
 Would you please turn down the TV?
 Please come as soon as possible.
 Kindly refrain from smoking.
 Please don't be so sad. Cheer up!
 Don't be so noisy, please.
 Will you please put that in simpler words?
 Could you lend me the book?
 Would to God that it were true!
 Please keep me informed of what is happening there.
 Please tell me how to cook sukiyaki.
 What's the matter? You look pale.
 Please don't interrupt me for a while.
 "What's the matter with you?" she demanded.
 Please remember me to your parents.
 I hope you will give my best regards to your family.
 Please keep this information to yourself.
 Would you please have a look at this document?
 Please remember to post this letter.
 Please make up your mind once and for all.
 Would you please do me a favor?
 Please defend me from such bad men.
 Please tell me about your problem.
 Please send me a picture of yourself.
 Please write about your real experience.
 Please say hello to your family.
 Wake up at seven, please.
 Please leave me alone.
 Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
 Do come in, please.
 However we go, we must get there by seven.
 I was at a loss for words.
 As he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
 For what reason did you cry?
 Why does everything happen to me?
 What kind of places would you like to see?
 I leave it in your hands what course of action to take.
 What kind of people do you like best?
 Whatever the origin is, Valentine's Day has had a long and romantic history.
 What is the reason for that lie?
 For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail.
 Somehow I have taken a fancy to that girl.
 She was somehow incensed against me.
 Show me how it works.
 Please explain how to get there.
 I don't know what motivated me to come here.
 What are you implying?
 However that may be, I am wrong.
 I cannot possibly help you.
 How are you doing?
 How's the world treating you?
 Can I use your toilet, please?
 May I use the toilet?
 What's happening?
 Where's the restroom?
 The toilet was outside, in the yard.
 The toilet is upstairs.
 May I use your toilet?
 Where is the toilet?
 Where's the toilet?
 The toilet is over there.
 Don't forget to flush the toilet.
 The toilet doesn't flush.
 The toilet won't stop running.
 It's my habit to read on the toilet.
 We have a stock of toilet paper.
 Is there a toilet near here?
 There's no toilet paper.
 The toilet doesn't flush properly.
 The argument presented in Doyle's study was first published as a white paper on drug-related crimes.
 Germans are a frugal people.
 We have few opportunities to speak German.
 I am weak in German.
 I cannot speak German.
 German is not an easy language.
 I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
 I don't understand German at all.
 The Germans took to flight.
 Germany produced many scientists.
 Germany borders on France.
 Germany was once allied with Italy.
 Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
 Germany made an alliance with Italy.
 Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
 The division of Germany was considered a given until 1989.
 The population of Germany is less than half that of the United States.
 The German Chancellor is plagued by immigration problems.
 Their stay in Germany for a year was very fruitful.
 Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
 In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
 When did you come back from Germany?
 Therefore, a center for the development of human resources should be built in Japan.
 As we thought, she had gone abroad.
 Which was because I didn't follow the directions in the manual or learn their lessons.
 As I had seen him before.
 It was because she had faith in his capabilities.
 For the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
 That means that even if they only have two children each, the population will continue to grow rapidly.
 I showed my ticket to the doorman and went into the theatre.
 Please don't forget to shut the door.
 Shall I close the door?
 Don't open the door.
 Would you mind closing the door?
 Would you mind shutting the door?
 After I shut the door, I remembered I had left my key behind.
 Keep the door closed.
 Shut the door.
 I had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it.
 He painted the door blue.
 Please paint the door white.
 Don't leave the door open.
 I shut the door behind me.
 In opening the door, I broke the lock.
 When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
 I opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side.
 I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
 Open the door.
 Open the door and let me in, please.
 Would you mind my opening the door?
 You must not open the door.
 Will you open the door?
 Please open the door.
 Keep the door open.
 Would you please open the door?
 It is very careless of you to leave the door open.
 Will you leave the door open?
 We left the door open.
 Who left the door open?
 The instant he opened the door, he smelt something burning.
 Opening the door, I found a stranger standing there.
 Lock the door.
 Can you push the door open?
 Don't shut the door with a bang.
 Knock on the door.
 Don't slam the door.
 I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
 The door must not be left open.
 Stop beating on the door!
 Shut the door, will you?
 The door was broken open.
 Opening the door, I found her sleeping.
 Would you please not leave the door open?
 Do you mind opening the door?
 Walk slowly to the door.
 The doorman did not permit me to enter the theater.
 The door is locked at nine o'clock.
 The door is locked at nine every night.
 The door is opened every morning.
 The door remained closed.
 The door remained closed before her.
 We couldn't open the door because it was locked from within.
 The door remaining locked up from inside, he could not enter the house.
 The door was left ajar.
 The door was opened by a tall man.
 Doors ain't as bad as you think.
 The door will lock automatically when you go out.
 The door could not be opened.
 A door must be either shut or open.
 The door pushed open.
 The door remained closed all day.
 The door would not open.
 The door won't close.
 The door is opened by Jim.
 The door is shut fast.
 See to it that the door is locked at 10.
 The door was locked from within.
 There's a dog by the door.
 Whoever is at the door, please ask him to wait.
 You have only to stand in front of the door. It will open by itself.
 The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
 The girl at the door is Lucy.
 There is a boy near the door.
 Unlock the door.
 I know the boy who is sitting closest to the door.
 A man appeared from behind the door.
 A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
 I could hear doors slamming.
 Who is the girl standing at the door?
 There is a man at the door.
 Who's that boy standing at the door?
 The boy standing by the door is my brother.
 Hang your jacket on the hook by the door.
 The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
 The bicycle by the door is mine.
 I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
 There was a big gold star on the door.
 How careless he was to pinch his fingers in the door!
 I caught my finger in the door.
 She locked the door.
 It was careless of me to forget to lock the door.
 Would you please lock the door?
 Remember to lock the door.
 Keep the door locked.
 It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
 The door was locked, so I couldn't get into the room anyway.
 Have you made sure the door is locked?
 Could you move forward so we can close the door?
 The doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow.
 We barred the door and locked it.
 The parking spaces nearest the door are reserved for executives.
 I heard the door close.
 If a door doesn't fit the casing, we must plane it carefully until it does.
 The door is closing.
 Can you get the door to shut?
 The door was locked, so I couldn't get in.
 The door blew shut.
 When the door slammed unexpectedly, it startled me.
 What is that building whose door is painted white?
 The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
 The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
 As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
 The door opened and there she was, standing in the doorway.
 As the door slid open, he almost fell onto the platform.
 The door opened.
 The door opened slowly.
 The door burst open.
 The door opened automatically.
 The door won't open.
 If the door doesn't fit, you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly.
 The door clicked shut.
 The door is open. I'll go and shut it.
 It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
 In the tent we talked and talked.
 Let's eat outside instead of in our tents.
 It's no use on earth.
 Which do you like better, Denver or Montreal?
 The festive mood was slightly spoiled by terrorist bombs.
 The grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it, and his arm was blown off!
 Where can I get a telephone card?
 Some TV programs are interesting, and others are not.
 TV programs have a bad influence on children.
 The TV telephone will come into popular use soon.
 He was arrested by police after a TV chase in Osaka.
 Can I turn off the TV?
 There are movements to try to ban TV advertising.
 Television viewers see only what the camera shows.
 May I turn on the TV?
 Please turn on the TV.
 May I turn on the television?
 We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
 Oh, don't watch television.
 Please turn off the TV.
 Turn off the TV.
 Please turn off the television.
 I must get the television fixed.
 The television set needs to be fixed.
 It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
 Please move the TV set to the left.
 You're to do your homework before you watch TV.
 Do your homework before you watch TV.
 It's time you stopped watching television.
 Let's not watch TV.
 It's fun to watch TV.
 Mary likes watching TV.
 I mean, when I watch T. V. I'd sit in it.
 Watching TV is a passive activity.
 Watching TV is fun.
 Watching television changes the role of the fans by making their participation more passive and distant.
 I watch television.
 Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
 Let's play cards instead of watching television.
 Don't watch TV.
 Play outside instead of watching TV.
 Don't spend so much time watching TV.
 I'm just watching TV.
 The trouble is you cannot work while watching TV.
 I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
 I fall asleep easily while watching television.
 Watching TV, I fell asleep.
 I'll do my homework after I watch television.
 When you watch television or listen to the radio, the music which you hear is often African in origin.
 Will you turn on the TV?
 Will you turn on the television?
 Do you mind turning on the TV?
 Would you mind if I turned the TV on?
 Don't keep the TV on!
 It was careless of him to go to bed with the TV on.
 You must make room for the television.
 Students don't read many books because of TV and comics.
 Let's watch TV.
 Television shows violence, which influences, above all, younger people.
 Television has a great appeal for him.
 TV plays an important part in everyday life.
 Television can dull our creative power.
 TV is harmful in that it keeps your mind in a passive state.
 Television is a very important medium through which to provide information.
 Television is a very important medium for giving information.
 You should watch television at a distance.
 Television could be an important source of culture, and its educational broadcasts are valued in many schools.
 Television enlightens the viewers as well as entertains them.
 TV has robbed us of our enjoyment of conversation at dinner at home.
 Do you think television does children harm?
 Television is ruining family life.
 Television enables you to be entertained by people you wouldn't have in your home.
 Enough TV, already!
 Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience.
 The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known.
 TV is not watched here.
 When did TV appear?
 A television set used to be a luxury.
 Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves.
 The spread of television has considerably deprived us of our time for reading.
 Which of the TV programs do you like best?
 The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
 There's nothing good on television.
 We take it for granted that television exists.
 Please adjust the television picture.
 Turn up the TV.
 The TV picture was blurred.
 Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
 Turn down the TV.
 Turn down the TV a little. I'm trying to go to sleep.
 Would you please turn down the TV a little?
 Turn down the television.
 Could you please turn your television down?
 Where's the remote control for the TV?
 There is a TV remote control under the couch.
 The TV news program help us keep up with the world.
 According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
 The TV newscast informs us of daily news.
 Some people insist that television does more harm than good.
 Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
 Television enables us to know what is happening today.
 Television helps us widen our knowledge.
 Television enables us to learn about foreign manners and customs.
 Thanks to television, we can enjoy watching baseball games in our rooms.
 According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
 What is shown on television is, as it were, a reflection of what society is like.
 According to the TV, it will be fine today.
 I'm tired of TV.
 Television has robbed cinema of its former popularity.
 It is true that television also has some disadvantages.
 We can do without a television, can't we?
 Speaking of television, what is your favorite show nowadays?
 I like nothing so much as to watch baseball games on television.
 It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
 Do you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
 Many companies advertise their products on TV.
 The company is promoting a new car on TV.
 I watched an old movie on TV.
 I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
 Watching the football game on television was fun.
 Cue cards are used primarily on television to help the actors remember their lines.
 You can't say four-letter words on TV.
 What about watching the night game on TV?
 Can I turn on the TV?
 I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
 Although it is not a bad thing in itself, in a lot of cases, many people are watching too much television.
 I want a television set, but I can't afford to buy one.
 The spread of television enables us to enjoy the scenery of foreign countries.
 The TV won't turn on.
 I don't think TV will ever take the place of books.
 The influence of TV on society is great.
 The television doesn't work.
 My TV has broken down.
 My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
 Even a small sound from the TV interferes with my concentration.
 TV has taken the place of radio.
 Television has almost taken the place of the movie theater.
 If it were not for television, the world would feel even larger.
 Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
 The TV was turned on.
 The TV doesn't work.
 The TV was on all the time.
 Please show me the TV Guide.
 The TV was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate on my reading.
 The TV antenna broke away in last night's storm.
 Please answer by telex.
 I think that Delbert is crazy.
 A delicatessen caught fire and burned down, leaving a heap of ashes.
 Terry was very pleased with the news.
 You'd better put your cigarette out before Terry sees it.
 I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
 Could we have a table on the terrace?
 But I am able to cook well.
 But his name is slightly familiar to me.
 But my mind tells my fingers what to do.
 She has a big problem, though.
 But he likes the long school holidays.
 But I enjoyed farm work.
 But it's a typical savannah country, and we enjoy cooler temperatures.
 But maybe guys don't like them.
 The demonstrators marched in order.
 Oh, but this is great.
 But I have to take night shifts twice a week.
 But it's very strong actually.
 The following day, however, the doctor consoled him by telling him that his chances of being able to leave hospital in time for New Year celebrations were good.
 But I can't understand them very well.
 But you don't have to stay to the end.
 Now she lay weak in bed.
 It's expensive though.
 I think you should get more rest.
 You may as well get used to it.
 But we call him Tony at home.
 But Dad won't like it.
 But I don't think Dad would like me to.
 Secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration.
 You know, sometimes you need to hear it.
 But we don't have anything in common at all.
 I'm going to join a demonstration.
 But probably I'll be the last, which is a pity.
 Oh, but he did come to Tokyo alone.
 But, I have to take my mother.
 But we're just on our way home.
 While the demonstration was being made, the president was taking notes.
 But it's almost half past eleven.
 But what will you do if he doesn't come?
 But I was always too lazy.
 He can afford the time to play the guitar though.
 But you will write, won't you?
 But I have no apples left to give you.
 But I have nothing left. I am just an old stump.
 But I don't think the pool is open this weekend.
 "But you just come here in the summer!" said Tony.
 But, I'm going steady.
 But of course that was a long time ago.
 But they are all people.
 Well, it wasn't all that bad.
 But it was like trying to stop the rain from falling.
 But you like it!
 But you're going to owe me one.
 But while I am here, do you think you could replace the batteries?
 It has too many disadvantages.
 I have sailed up the Thames once.
 The Thames is a river that flows through London.
 She was fat, and holding a monkey.
 David can speak French fluently.
 David worked his way through college.
 David is very active.
 David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
 Debbie! Can you hear me?
 I said hello to Debby but she totally ignored me.
 Debbie, is your school near here?
 I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
 Who is on duty?
 Then let us begin.
 See you tonight, then. Cheers!
 Let's discuss the respective merits of the candidates.
 Shall we start the meeting now?
 See you again tomorrow.
 I am afraid I must be going now.
 The department store was crammed with holiday shoppers.
 Department stores sell numerous things.
 You can get all kinds of things to eat if you go to the free samples area in a department store.
 There is an advertising balloon flying above the department store.
 I got a new hat at the department store.
 You can see the large exhibition at the department store anytime.
 A very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store.
 We start here in two hours, then.
 Well, see you later.
 Who will take care of your cat then?
 I'd like to pay in cash.
 We'd better hurry then.
 Let's make it Monday afternoon.
 Let's see if I've got that right.
 Well, let me tell you.
 I'd like to pay with my credit card instead.
 Then who are you? Are you Elijah?
 The main point of Dennett's book, in short, is to deny the existence of inner mental states.
 Have you ever read any Tennyson poems?
 Do you play tennis?
 Some boys play tennis and others play soccer.
 Playing tennis is good for your health.
 It's fun to play tennis.
 Let's not play tennis.
 Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
 Playing tennis is his hobby.
 When it comes to playing tennis, he always beats me.
 Playing tennis is easy for me.
 It is easy for me to play tennis.
 It is easy to play tennis.
 Let's play tennis. I've booked a court for 10:30.
 How about playing tennis?
 I like to play tennis.
 "Let's play tennis." "Yes let's."
 I play tennis an hour a day.
 Such sports as tennis and baseball are very popular.
 In tennis and ping-pong backhand the hand is turned backwards in making the stroke.
 I don't like such sports as tennis and golf.
 Tennis is difficult. I never know which way the ball is going to fly.
 Dennis can make the ugliest face in town.
 Dennis lay flat on the floor.
 Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
 Tennis is my favorite sport.
 Aren't you fond of playing tennis?
 Are you good at tennis?
 Tennis is very popular among students.
 Dennis laughs at Wilson's round face.
 Tennis began in France in the thirteenth century.
 When it comes to tennis, she is second to none.
 He gripped the tennis racket tightly.
 She is in her element when it comes to tennis.
 I think I'll go in for tennis.
 What are the four major golf tournaments comparable to the ones in tennis?
 Dennis doesn't have rough manners.
 Why don't you give tennis a try?
 I like playing tennis and golf.
 I'll take you on at tennis.
 I have tennis elbow.
 No one can match him at tennis.
 He is no match for me in tennis.
 I am no match for you at tennis.
 Ann is second to none in tennis.
 Tennis is hard. The ball flies off in all directions when I hit it.
 I belong to a tennis club.
 You are a good tennis player.
 I'd like to play tennis.
 I like playing tennis.
 Climb to the top.
 Detroit is famous for its car industry.
 Uncle Ted took us to the zoo in order to show us the pandas.
 Ted's really got computers on the brain.
 Ted waited for her for a long time.
 Ted is satisfied with life in college.
 Ted is handy at repairing watches.
 Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
 Ted likes playing the trumpet.
 Ted doesn't have the competence to teach English.
 Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
 Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
 Ted is the second pitcher on the baseball team.
 Ted was certain of winning the game.
 I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
 I had just finished my homework when Ted phoned me.
 If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
 I took it for granted that you would come with us.
 I regret not having studied hard for the test.
 I just got by on the test.
 How was your test?
 Looks like you didn't study much for the test.
 I didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out.
 After the exam we compared the answers we'd written.
 Don't worry about the result of the test.
 Don't worry about the result of your test.
 I'm concerned about the result of the exam.
 I wish I had studied harder for the test.
 I couldn't answer any questions on the test.
 You can do better on your tests.
 I scored only points on the test.
 I used a photo of my dog for my desktop wallpaper.
 My desktop has gotten cluttered.
 So you've got to be a believer.
 Therefore, we try to persuade people not to have cash, to have money electronically transferred.
 Please refrain from pushing forward.
 Cape Dezhnev is miles south of the Arctic Circle.
 We heard about your company from Mr Morris of Digital Com Company.
 You can put your talents to good use if you become a designer.
 The dessert was made with whipped cream.
 What would you like for dessert, ice cream or fresh fruit?
 What would you like for dessert?
 I'm trying to save room for dessert.
 If you like dessert, you'll love Grandma's Kitchen!
 I'd like to have cheesecake for dessert.
 I'd like to have cake for dessert.
 I want ice cream for dessert.
 What fruit would you like to have for dessert?
 Apples were served as the dessert.
 I'd rather not take any medicine if I can avoid it.
 I don't want to go by plane, if I can help it.
 I'd like to part with her if I could.
 This weekend, if possible.
 Come on Monday afternoon, if possible.
 I would gladly help you, only I am too busy now.
 I would if I could, but I'm taking sailing lessons this week.
 I would like to go home now.
 I wish I could.
 Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
 Six-thirty, it's possible.
 I will help you as far as I can.
 I will help as much as I can.
 I promise you every possible compensation.
 I'll do everything I can.
 I'll do all I can.
 Try to do so as far as the station.
 I'll wait here until my medicine is ready.
 I'll help you if possible.
 I'd like to see you if possible.
 I defy you to make it public.
 You had better talk as clearly as you can.
 I will make up for the lost time by working as hard as I can.
 Refer to the dictionary as often as possible.
 It's important to unite as many workers as possible.
 You should read as many books as you can.
 Read as many books as you can.
 Let's go and see as many things as we can.
 You should memorize as many English words as possible.
 Walk as fast as possible.
 Run as fast as you can.
 Running as fast as I could, I was able to catch up with my friend.
 She ran as fast as she was able to.
 Running as fast as she could, she still failed to catch the bus.
 I'll come here as soon as possible.
 Come as soon as possible.
 Try to make an appointment as soon as possible.
 I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
 I ran as quickly as I could.
 You should start as early as possible.
 Get your homework done as soon as you can.
 Will you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
 Please write to me as soon as possible.
 Get it done as soon as possible.
 Come downstairs as soon as possible.
 Get up as early as you can.
 Please come home as quickly as possible.
 Please come back as soon as possible.
 You are to start as early as possible.
 I want you to return it to me as soon as possible.
 I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
 Let me know the result as soon as you can.
 Come as soon as you can.
 You should call your father as soon as possible.
 We are looking forward to receiving your quote as soon as possible.
 I will visit you as soon as I can.
 Put your plan into practice as soon as possible.
 I look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible.
 I'll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible.
 I'll be as quiet as a mouse.
 Make it as spicy as you can.
 Try to jump as high as possible.
 Insofar as possible, our examples will be drawn from English.
 Study as hard as you can.
 Work as hard as you can.
 I held onto the rope for as long as I could, but I finally had to let go.
 Please speak as clearly as possible.
 Express yourself as clearly as you can.
 I will give you what help I can.
 As far as possible one should try to become on as close terms as possible with any sort of man.
 Learn as many idioms as possible by heart.
 I will return the book as soon as I can.
 I'll try as hard as I can.
 I am come to offer what service may be in my power.
 I'll support you as much as I can.
 The alternative possibilities were resistance and flight.
 I feel like I've done all I can. Now all there is to do is wait and see what comes of it.
 Please don't take it out, if possible?
 Don't use slang if you can help it.
 I spend what time I can spare reading.
 We'll get this as clear as possible.
 Enjoy life while you may.
 Enjoy your life while you are able to.
 I'd like to have a look at your stamp collection.
 Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
 Come on Tuesday, if possible.
 This textbook is designed for beginners.
 Texas borders on Mexico.
 I want a map of Texas on a scale of to 250000.
 Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
 Well done! Your parents must be proud of you.
 Please lock the door when you leave.
 You're being bossy, aren't you?
 DNA is a complex chemical that makes up a gene.
 Mr Taylor wishes he had not come to the party.
 The tape recorder is a useful aid to teaching.
 The tape recorder was lying on the table.
 Clear off the table.
 Put the tables end to end.
 Spread the table, and contention will cease.
 Carry the table out, please.
 Would you wipe the table for me?
 Table manners vary from one country to another.
 If I don't know the table manners, it doesn't really matter.
 The table was covered with dust.
 Clear away the table things.
 The cat on the table is sleeping.
 The calculator on the table is mine.
 Whose is the dictionary on the table?
 Don't park your books on the table.
 Lay the book on the table.
 There is a book on the table.
 Is there a cat on the table?
 There is a cup on the table.
 I might have left it on the table.
 There is a vase on the table.
 There is a small teacup and an egg on the table.
 There is a flower on the table.
 How many books are there on the table?
 There is a bottle of wine on the table.
 There is an apple on the table.
 There is a radio on the table.
 On the table there was a cat.
 There was a lamp hanging above the table.
 There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
 There are no oranges on the table.
 There was a broken cup on the table.
 There is a glass on the table.
 There is an orange on the table.
 Who is the man sitting at the other end of the table?
 Who is the man at the other side of the table?
 The legs of the table are shaky.
 It's under the table.
 Is there a cat under the table?
 There is a dog under the table.
 Under the table was a black cat.
 Maru crawled out from under the table.
 Please sponge the mess up off the table.
 Don't put the glass near the edge of the table.
 Will you please wipe the dust off the table?
 There were four chairs by the table.
 You can have any cake on the table.
 There are footprints of a cat on the table.
 Stop resting your elbows on the table.
 Don't put your elbows on the table.
 A table has four legs.
 She put the magazine on the table.
 Were there any glasses on the table?
 There are some oranges on the table.
 The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
 I spilled coffee on your tablecloth.
 The table was groaning with food.
 Please join the two ends of the tape together.
 Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
 The tape is rolling.
 We examined the following magazines to collect the data.
 They conducted the following experiment to collect the data.
 The data hasn't been compiled yet.
 The data is often inaccurate.
 Data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours, and vice versa.
 Computer technology is indispensable to access many pertinent items of data.
 As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.
 Mrs. Davis was anything but a perfect wife.
 Mr Davis looks very tired.
 Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
 I bought a Daily News.
 Is this the Taylors'?
 Damon showed me his stamp album.
 Tim settled down after he got married.
 Tim writes as if he were left-handed.
 Tim's employer promised him pie-in-the-sky benefits.
 Tim is the black sheep of the Jones' family.
 Tim's wife insisted on his taking her to Paris.
 Tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is.
 I can't find Tim. Has he gone already?
 I can't find Tim.
 Debate is an academic game between the affirmative and the negative.
 Dave never returned to school again.
 Dave is the fastest swimmer of all my classmates.
 I like Dave because he is very kind.
 I bet Dave paid a pretty penny for his new car.
 David has never had a steady job. He has always lived by his wits.
 David remained on the platform while the train was in sight.
 Mr. and Mrs. Davis were invited to a Christmas party at a hotel one year.
 Tina soon got used to Japanese food.
 My father picked up the tab for dinner, which came to $150.
 Let's go downstairs for dinner.
 A hearty dinner well appeased my hunger.
 What time is dinner served?
 Coffee finishes most dinners.
 Dinner is ready.
 After dinner, I walk on the beach.
 What about having fish for dinner?
 Do you often have fish for dinner?
 Aren't you going to get Mr Tate?
 Just tell Mr Tate that Helen Cartwright is here to see him.
 The dip burned my tongue.
 Bring me the Kleenex.
 Dick has been dependent on his parents, but is now independent of them.
 Dick takes after his mother in appearance.
 Dick plans to go by himself.
 Dick drew up to her.
 Dick is sometimes late for school.
 Dick forced me to agree with his plan.
 Dick passed the photo to me.
 Dick showed a willingness to help us.
 Dick had a traffic accident.
 Dick talks as if he knew everything.
 Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
 Dick tried to solve the problem, in vain.
 Dick promised to come back by three o'clock.
 Dick was ten years old when he died.
 Dick died at ten years of age.
 Dick says, "I can swim."
 Come down, Dick. It is time for dinner.
 Who started Disneyland?
 Disneyland was very interesting. You should've come with us.
 Disneyland was built in 1955.
 In Disneyland, popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o'clock.
 When it comes to disco dance, I can't hold a candle to Susan.
 Please pack the disks and hard copies into the briefcase.
 Dickens was the author of 'Oliver Twist'.
 Dean can really put away the food.
 A teenager sometimes acts like a baby.
 She arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around Deal.
 About 27,people live in and around Deal, but it has a small town center and it feels very much like a small town.
 Let's listen to the people of Deal talk about their jobs and their everyday lives.
 Deal is in the southeast of England, about kilometers away from London.
 The dealer wants to sell a car.
 She lives just outside Wripple, which is near Deal.
 Inhaling diesel exhaust is bad for our health.
 You should write HANDLE WITH CARE on the parcel that contains the teacups.
 The tundra has a harsh climate.
 Cranes are big beautiful birds.
 The suspension bridge is miles above.
 Exact change, please.
 Hold on to the strap. The train will start to move soon.
 Please hold on to the strap.
 Keep the change!
 I had a hard time of it.
 We had a heavy labor.
 I'm going to have a heavy day.
 Don't bite your nails.
 You must get rid of the habit of biting your nails.
 In the end it is not possible to fully know somebody else.
 After all, it might be imagination.
 That is, she is a poor dancer.
 That is to say, they had a few hundred pounds, with which they had intended to buy a house as soon as they arrived.
 In short, he is a man of great ability.
 Each person was given enough food and clothing.
 In brief, you should have accepted the responsibility.
 This is the bottom line.
 That is, Father is two years older than Mother.
 That is to say, he was old and gray and tired.
 In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
 It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
 In brief, if the individual accepts the values of democracy, he must also accept the responsibilities of democracy.
 That is to say, on May 10th.
 Don't get upset about small things. Try to think of things like a rich person who can afford not to argue.
 Don't quarrel over trifles.
 He meddled where he wasn't wanted and it backfired on him.
 I'm getting tired of the dull game.
 A foolish misunderstanding severed their long friendship.
 Don't waste your allowance on useless things.
 Don't waste your time on trifles.
 Don't waste time on trifles.
 Don't get all bent out of shape over little things. A short temper can make you poor.
 I know better than to quarrel with her about trifles.
 Don't make a fuss about trifles.
 Don't trouble him with trifles.
 What a fuss about nothing!
 They are always believing a groundless rumor.
 The buds began to open.
 The buds are beginning to show signs of color.
 There was little sugar left in the pot.
 Is there much sugar in the jar?
 The tuberculin reaction was positive.
 The tuberculin reaction was pseudopositive.
 The tuberculin reaction was negative.
 He had a tuberculin test.
 Eat what you are served, no buts about it.
 Please spit.
 The penalty for spitting is five pounds.
 One swallow does not make a summer.
 The swallow is swift in flight.
 Swallows fly away at the approach of winter.
 The swallow is a sign of summer.
 Swallows migrate to a warm climate.
 A swallow flies very swiftly.
 A couple of swallows are flying overhead.
 Swallows are flying in the sky.
 The Tsubasa is a very fast train.
 How many cars does the Tsubasa have?
 It's a good paper, apart from a few spelling mistakes.
 You cannot be too careful about spelling.
 I got a rash from poison ivy.
 Don't buy on credit.
 I want to put this on house charge.
 Would you please send me a catalogue by mail?
 The thrush sings each song twice over.
 One after another they stood up and went out.
 Fortune has turned in my favor.
 The moon was above the horizon.
 I don't have good luck, so I don't play pachinko or buy lottery tickets.
 After a streak of bad luck, a persistent gambler will be forced to play for high stakes.
 I attended the party just to be sociable.
 I'm worn out.
 I'm getting tired. It's your turn to drive.
 He fled lest he should be arrested.
 After a brief peace, war broke out again.
 I couldn't help falling asleep.
 I've just let slip that he is sick.
 I met your father just now.
 I didn't know about that until quite recently.
 During the recent trip to America, I made friends with Jack.
 It was only recently that she changed her mind.
 I arrived here just now.
 I'd like a twin with an extra bed.
 I ended up going over the top, drinking too much and having a terrible hangover the next day.
 At last both countries agreed on putting an end to the war.
 Finally, the discord between them came to an end.
 At last, I caught up with my friends.
 Finally, my father compromised.
 Finally, the sick, tired men reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
 She didn't turn up after all.
 Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
 At last, she solved the problem.
 At last she gave way to him and broke a secret.
 Finally she attained a position of power.
 At last, she was able to contact her old friend.
 Finally, she succeeded.
 At last, she has brought the plan into effect.
 At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
 At last, they began to count down cautiously.
 At last, they met face to face.
 At last he found out the truth.
 At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
 At last, they ceased working.
 At last, they purchased freedom with blood.
 At last he yielded.
 At last, they came to a decision.
 At last the boy was given up for dead.
 At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
 Finally, their friendship ended and their close relationship disappeared.
 In the end, he also faltered in the face of great adversity.
 At last, he gained his ends.
 He reached his goal at last.
 Finally he invited all and sundry to partake of the cake and all.
 At last he came to.
 Finally, he carried out his plan.
 At last, he realized his mistakes.
 At last he realized that he was mistaken.
 At length, he began to cry.
 At last he stopped before an old house, and caught another glimpse of the town.
 At last, he came.
 At last, he solved the question.
 At last, the gem was in his hands.
 At last, he got the car.
 At last, he found out how to make it.
 He finally made money.
 At last, he went to America.
 I finally contacted him by phone.
 The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
 I guess the time of reckoning has arrived at last.
 The war finally broke out.
 Now you've given yourself away.
 We must decide when to start.
 At last, he realized his error.
 At last I accepted his proposal against my will.
 At last, I completed my work.
 At last, I passed the test.
 At last, my wish has come true.
 At last, we arrived at the village.
 At last, we got to the lake.
 At last, we reached England.
 At last, we got the information.
 At last, the students resorted to violence.
 At last, we got through with the hard work.
 Summer has arrived at last.
 At last, it began to rain.
 At last, we reached our destination.
 At last, Mayuko achieved her goal.
 At last, the bus company gave in.
 We finally published the book.
 The poet went mad in the end.
 Eventually the cruel man was sentenced to jail.
 I finally penetrated the meaning of the riddle.
 At last Souichiro and Yukino decided to cut the orange into halves.
 At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
 At last, Ken achieved his goal.
 He finally decided to go to his mother with the news his father had shared.
 Finally, in 1314, these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward II made a law.
 Finally, he gave in to my persuasion.
 Finally, he gave into my persuasion.
 Eventually, he was sentenced to five years in prison for the violent crime.
 The communist gave in to his tough opponent at last.
 Finally, Oedipus replied.
 At long last, the two chiefs of the Indian tribes have decided to make peace.
 I am sending a copy of my letter to you.
 Can you buy one for me as well?
 While you are about it, please make some coffee for me.
 A screen divided the room into two.
 If you follow me, I'll show you the way to the hospital.
 I often feel like just going over there.
 I was caught in a shower just now.
 Paul telephoned just now.
 I blew a gasket.
 For six years, I was an early riser. That only changed recently.
 I feel ashamed of having lost my temper.
 I carelessly dropped a vase.
 A foolish impulse made me say what I should have left unsaid.
 I wasn't being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake.
 During the tour he broke apart from the group and found his own way.
 The tour guide pointed out the sight.
 Where can I get some information on tours?
 The chimpanzee is an intelligent creature, capable of solving simple problems.
 Many a little makes a mickle.
 You looked at me.
 I glanced at the clock and knew what time it was.
 I just dropped in.
 Let your food cool off a bit; don't eat it while it's hot.
 Come here.
 Just run down to the post office, won't you?
 Why don't you give your mouth a rest?
 I'm just going to drop by the post office.
 I've got a touch of the flu.
 May I ask you something?
 That would be difficult.
 I think I'm just tired.
 I'm feeling sort of tired.
 Oh, he broke wind.
 Why don't we drop over to see her?
 There was a slight chill in the air.
 I have a slight fever.
 May I use the telephone for a while?
 Can I use your telephone?
 I would like to make a phone call.
 I wanted to do some telephoning.
 After a short pursuit, the police caught him.
 I just wanna nose around a bit.
 Discussion resumed after a short interruption.
 Could you give me some advice?
 Look, someone is calling you.
 It might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine. It's better to be too big than too small.
 Just a moment, please.
 Now just hold on a minute.
 Wait a second. Do you just think that all's well that ends well? That's not the way it is.
 Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind.
 Would you mind waiting a few minutes?
 Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
 Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
 I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
 Let's keep going and see the next town.
 What has become of the book I put here a few minutes ago?
 I'm just going to run down to buy some tickets.
 I am bit weak at figures.
 Can I borrow your eraser for a moment?
 You are burning up the road.
 I'd like to take my jacket off, please; it's too hot.
 Can you help me a little?
 I'm going out for a while.
 Please help me with this.
 Give me a hand, will you?
 Please give me a hand.
 If you stop and relax, this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders.
 Why don't we break off for a while and have some coffee?
 Excuse me a minute.
 Will you excuse me for just a moment?
 Excuse me just a second. I'll go and get the whiskey.
 Sorry...
 Excuse me, could I get past?
 Can you spare a minute? I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
 Will you help me for a minute?
 Can you spare me a few minutes?
 Keep an eye on my bag for a while.
 I got a little revenge on him.
 What do you say to going out for a short walk?
 Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
 A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
 I'll just go for a walk to clear my head.
 I'll drop if I don't sit down.
 There is a slight chill on the party.
 I have a complicated matter I want to discuss with you.
 Let me think for a minute.
 The price is not reasonable.
 I'm just going across to the flower shop.
 A little language goes a long way.
 Let me say a few words by way of apology.
 I really spoke too harshly.
 I wish I didn't have to tell you this, but ...
 I'm just looking around.
 We cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone.
 Let me see it.
 A mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other.
 I'm just going to run down to the bank.
 Just look in the mirror.
 I feel like taking a rest.
 I feel like a rest.
 Why don't you rest a bit?
 Let's take a rest for a while.
 Let's drop in for a drink.
 Why don't you stop by for a little while?
 Give me a break, will you?
 It's a bit cold, though.
 I want to see you for a moment.
 Would you like to go and get a bite to eat?
 A little make-up worked wonders with her.
 I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours.
 Can you take over driving for a while?
 Give me a drink, please.
 Won't you come in for a moment?
 How about me stopping by?
 Hold your horses, young man. You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
 Hold your horses, young man.
 I lost myself for a moment.
 Hold on a moment, please.
 Be quiet for a moment.
 Could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment?
 Can I borrow your pen for a few minutes?
 Do you want to look into it?
 Not quite what I want.
 Step aside.
 Let's stop and take a rest.
 Could you move over a little?
 It is no easy thing to do.
 I'll take a time-out.
 Will you kindly let me have a look at it?
 Let's drop the subject.
 How about dropping in at the shop?
 I wandered around for a while.
 Let me have a look at the picture.
 May I go out for a short walk?
 Just stand there, please.
 It was just a joke.
 A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
 A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
 A slip of tongue will often lead us to unexpected results.
 It's a shot in the arm.
 I'll make a little money, and Mr White will never know.
 It's certainly a thrill.
 I get depressed by the slightest things.
 Take a look at this map.
 Just turn this handle.
 Please take the pants in a bit.
 Would you come here a moment?
 They're a little tight.
 I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
 Give me a break, please.
 May I interrupt you a while?
 May I talk with you for a moment?
 Can I have a word with you?
 I'd like to speak to you for a moment.
 What do you say to having a coffee break?
 Hold on, please.
 Please wait a moment while I write out your receipt.
 May I interrupt you?
 Could you please help me?
 Can I bother you for something?
 I was wondering if you could do me a favor.
 Would you do something for me?
 Excuse me, but may I ask you something.
 The waist is a little small.
 Let's have a talk over a couple of drinks.
 Could you move the chair a bit?
 When I asked whether I might talk with him a moment, he said, "By all means."
 Do you have a minute?
 Let's drop in at that coffee lounge.
 Let me have a look at your video camera.
 Wait for a while. I'll make you some.
 Hey, you.
 Do you mind handing me the hammer?
 Hey, where are you going?
 Want to hear something funny?
 Please give me a little more chocolate.
 Chocolate tastes sweet.
 Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
 Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
 Give me three pieces of chalk.
 Give me a piece of chalk.
 Bring me two pieces of chalk.
 Bring me a piece of chalk.
 It is not easy to write in chalk.
 You've turned up at the right moment.
 I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
 She was about to go to bed when someone knocked on the door.
 I have just written a letter to him.
 Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
 Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
 It falls on Sunday.
 Even as he was speaking, a shot rang out.
 Just as Japanese boys play baseball, so English boys play cricket.
 I've just finished lunch.
 I was just thinking of a new job.
 Just after putting away the dishes, Joan heard the doorbell ring.
 Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
 That hit the spot.
 I was about to start.
 I'm about to leave.
 She arrived just as I was leaving.
 I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
 She came back just as I was leaving.
 Just as I went to go out, it began to rain.
 I was just about to go out when it began to rain hard.
 It would rain just when I wanted to go out.
 I have just finished my homework.
 I've just finished writing a letter.
 It is just half past seven.
 The car accident took place just in front of me.
 Just as I don't have good eyes, so neither does my son.
 We were just about to leave when she telephoned.
 Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
 He came in just as I was going out.
 I've just washed the dishes.
 I've got my friend on the line right now.
 I'm busy at the moment.
 It began snowing just now.
 I met him just now.
 We have just cleaned the lavatory.
 It is just five o'clock.
 This is the very book you wanted.
 I've just been to the bank.
 As I happened to be in the neighborhood, I went and paid him compliments.
 It's just across the street from the church.
 I got there just in time.
 There's a white building just around the corner.
 I was just about to go out, when the bell rang.
 I've just finished packing.
 We've just run out of salt and pepper.
 I'm just about to check in.
 Just then she came into my room.
 Just then she was called to the phone.
 Just then, I heard the telephone ring.
 The telephone was being used at the moment.
 Just then, the bus stopped.
 Just then, the telephone rang.
 Just then, a bright idea occurred to me.
 I've just been to my uncle's house.
 We were just talking about you.
 Let's get out of here.
 Tulips come into bloom soon.
 Tulips are our prefecture's official flower.
 Tulips are in full bloom now.
 The tulips have begun to come up.
 The tulips have come out beautifully.
 Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
 Don't hesitate. Speak out.
 Far from hesitating, she willingly offered to help me.
 The Tudor Dynasty fell in the year 1603.
 The champion had the challengers at his mercy.
 The champion was welcomed by large crowds.
 The champion's experience submitted to the young opponent's power.
 Can I change the channel?
 Do you mind if I change the channel?
 Because the channel was changed he got angry.
 Turn to channel 1.
 You should eat something before you go.
 Are you brushing your teeth properly?
 Chew your food well so it can be digested properly.
 Sit tight.
 I expect you realised that without being conscious of it.
 I'll not divorce you, unless you give me a good reason.
 I need one month to make a permanent bridge for you.
 Don't let opportunities pass by.
 Chances come rarely in any case.
 Chaplin left America for good.
 The door bell has rung.
 How do I get to Chinatown?
 Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
 Charles Walcot investigated the magnetic compass bearing sense in pigeons.
 Charles I had his head cut off.
 Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
 Charlie was a mere child when I saw him last.
 Charlie decided to cross out the last word.
 Charlie's father advised him to become a teacher.
 Churchill was a worthy statesman.
 In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
 The charter flight is to take off at three.
 Can I call "Chargeit" and reserve?
 People are talking about this Internet phenomenon.
 Don't be mean with the tip.
 No gratuities accepted.
 This tipping business always makes us uneasy.
 If the tip was a dime in one glass, the waitress, in her haste to get the table ready for the next customer, would pick up the glass, the water would spill out, and that would be the end of it.
 I am not the least bit worried.
 I don't have a ticket.
 To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
 I saw a lady go through the gate without showing the ticket.
 I'd like to book three seats.
 The tickets sold out within a week.
 Where can I buy tickets?
 Where can I get tickets?
 Please pick up your ticket at the counter.
 Do you have any tickets left?
 The tickets are yen each.
 Can I buy tickets on the day of the tour?
 As soon as we get the tickets, we'll send them to you.
 Chicken, please.
 You can't eat chicken? How do you know if you never try it?
 Is it true that chicken soup will cure a cold?
 Check in, please.
 Tell me what I should be watching for.
 Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
 Can I check in now?
 I'll be a little late tonight for check-in.
 I'd like to check in, please.
 When is checkout time?
 I'd like to check out.
 Put everything on my tab. I'll settle it when I check out.
 I'd like to check out. Do you have my bill?
 I'd like to check out. Could you call the bellboy?
 What time do we have to check out?
 What do you say to a game of chess?
 The black and white squares on a checker board are arranged alternately.
 When it comes to playing chess, he is second to none.
 Chess is a highly intellectual game.
 The chessboard is the world.
 Will you teach me how to play chess?
 I will teach you to play chess.
 Tom is more than a match for me in chess.
 I want to buy a Czech sweater.
 The team won the championship for five years running.
 The team is up for the game.
 As head of the team I was ably assisted by him.
 Team members are provided with equipment and uniforms.
 Three cheers for the team.
 Our team could easily have brought home the bacon, if it weren't for the team's best man being injured.
 It took a load off my mind when our team won the championship.
 A cheetah runs as fast as any animal.
 I would like to buy some cheese.
 Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
 Cheese doesn't digest easily.
 Cheese cuts easily with a knife.
 Don't thrust your knife into the cheese.
 Cheese often lures a mouse into a trap.
 Which way is the cheese shelf?
 Would you teach me how to make cheese?
 Cheese and butter are products made from milk.
 Have you ever had cheese with apple pie?
 I'd like some cheese.
 Could I have a slice of cheesecake?
 How is cheerleading practice?
 I hope to try out for cheerleader.
 Make a handsome profit of one thousand dollars.
 Where are the tampons?
 Dan likes to make model cars.
 Dan is good at making approaches to strangers.
 Dan bought a new computer.
 Dan did it with care but with ease.
 Dan is often scolded by his mother.
 Dan came for Julie at six.
 Dan's completely off the wall; you can't predict what he's going to do next.
 It is getting cooler and cooler.
 His true colors are coming out.
 The days are getting longer and longer.
 It will get warmer and warmer.
 The weather here is getting cold and I really do not like that.
 It's getting colder and colder.
 It was getting dark.
 It is getting darker and darker.
 We were running out of gas, and what was worse, it began to snow heavily.
 How would you like to join the dance club?
 Will you play some dance records?
 Dancing is a delight to me.
 What time does the dance floor get crowded?
 How would you like to go to a dance?
 Dancing is good for the figure.
 I cannot dance worth a damn.
 Do you like dancing?
 Let me dance with you.
 We had a lovely time at the dance.
 Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
 My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
 Why don't you come dancing with me?
 I take dancing and modeling lessons.
 I found what I was looking for in the drawers.
 What a pity you can't dance!
 The dancer's graceful action charmed the audience.
 Each movement of the dancer was perfect.
 The dancers timed their steps to the music of the band.
 The dancers really came to life during the Latin numbers.
 The tank has a capacity of fifty-gallons.
 There's little water in the tank, if any.
 A tanker is a ship carrying oil.
 I have a lot of phlegm.
 Taro succeeded to his late father's estate.
 Taro, go and brush your teeth.
 The tanker has only a small crew on board.
 I wonder who to invite.
 I love you more than anyone else.
 No one encouraged her.
 None were satisfied.
 None were listening to the speaker.
 Nobody was paying attention to her.
 Nobody argued against choosing him as chairman.
 No one can separate them.
 No one ran ahead of him.
 No one had the heart to say he was wrong.
 No one conceived his words to be important.
 Nobody knows why he left the town.
 No one can achieve anything without effort.
 Nobody could give the correct answer.
 The plants must have died because no one watered them.
 Nobody likes to be made fun of in public.
 No one forgot their assignment, did they?
 No one wants to have an accident. The trouble is that people do not want hard enough to not have an accident.
 No one can help me.
 None of us want to go, but either you or your wife has to go.
 Everyone is ready.
 Everyone, it seemed, was anxious to get their Christmas shopping done early this year.
 Everyone praises the boy.
 No one could find the cave.
 Don't let anyone come near the fire.
 No man alive would believe it.
 Nobody has seen the bird fly.
 It seems that no one knows the truth.
 It seems that no one knew the truth.
 It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
 No one can understand how the accident happened.
 Everyone was enjoying the journey.
 Everybody knew her true feelings.
 Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
 What person does everyone take off his hat to?
 Everybody is calling for sweeping reforms.
 Not everyone can be a poet.
 Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
 Not everybody can be a poet.
 Everyone was bustling about.
 Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
 She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
 Everybody expected the musical to be a great hit, but it was far from being a success.
 Everybody respects Jeremy because he carries out all his responsibilities.
 Everyone is an entrepreneur.
 Nobody knows what has become of him.
 No one ever saw such a thing.
 Whose go is it?
 Everyone seems to have a bone to pick with someone, but only a few people can be philosophical about it.
 Let no one interfere with me.
 Every man has his faults.
 That should be pleasing to anyone.
 Who is to blame for the failure?
 Who were you talking with?
 You must make an effort to get along with everyone.
 Everybody has some good points and bad points.
 It is necessary that everybody obey the law.
 Everyone is more or less interested in art.
 Everyone more or less likes showing off in public.
 Nobody likes being laughed at.
 Everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty, and all the more, his life.
 Everybody seeks happiness.
 You can invite any person you like.
 Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
 Every one wants to live free from care.
 Anybody can make a mistake.
 All are welcome.
 Everyone must keep the law.
 It seems that everybody likes golf.
 No one man could do it.
 Not everybody succeeds in life.
 Everybody loves music.
 Everybody knows the news.
 Everyone and everything moved much faster now than before.
 Anyone can use this dictionary.
 Everyone is not honest.
 Give it to whoever needs it.
 Everyone is responsible for his own actions.
 Not everyone can be a KRS-ONE.
 Everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times.
 Everyone makes a mistake at times.
 Everyone remembers the happy days of his youth as his halcyon days.
 I want someone to talk to.
 Whoever comes, I'll welcome him warmly.
 Whoever comes, don't open the door.
 Who invented the telephone?
 Who should look after the elderly?
 There is no telling who will be sent in his place.
 There is no doubt as to who will be elected.
 Who left the window open?
 If you have a bone to pick with a person, tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back.
 There's somebody here who did it, isn't there?
 Whoever may oppose my plan, I will carry it out nonetheless.
 Who has taken my handbag?
 Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
 No matter who may go, he will be welcomed.
 Somebody's on the porch!
 Someone is at the door.
 Who cares?
 Who is going to look after our dog?
 Who cared?
 We will settle once and for all who is the best.
 Who is in fault?
 To understand someone is to love someone.
 You should not cut in when someone else is talking.
 When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
 I wonder who discovered it.
 Who can put a bell on the cat?
 Who will compensate for the loss?
 It is still a mystery who wrote the letter.
 Someone will do that job.
 Who looks after the children?
 Who is behind the plot?
 Who painted these pictures?
 Whoever may say so, it is wrong.
 Who wrote this book?
 Who has torn the envelope open?
 Who made the doll?
 Who made this plan?
 Somebody, open this door, please.
 Tell whoever comes that I'm out.
 It smells as though someone has been smoking in here.
 Someone entered the room.
 Somebody must care for the patient.
 He heard someone calling for help.
 Someone grabbed me from behind.
 Someone seems to be calling me.
 Someone hit me on the back.
 Somebody took away my bag.
 Someone is at the front door.
 Someone is calling you.
 Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
 If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
 If anyone should phone, say I'll be back at one o'clock.
 Someone has left a bag on the bench.
 Somebody is playing the piano.
 Somebody is playing the piano. It must be Ann.
 They had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door.
 Someone is battering at the door.
 Someone is tapping at the door.
 He thought someone had put poison in his soup.
 Someone has torn two pages out of this book.
 Someone tried to poison our dog's food.
 Who teaches you French?
 Someone must have left it there.
 I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
 Can somebody get that?
 Who taught you how to dance?
 I feel listless and have a throbbing headache.
 The tarantula seized its victim very quickly.
 It's duck soup for a girl of easy virtue to find a new man.
 It goes without saying that diligence is the key to success.
 Mr Tamori, may I introduce Mr Sanma Akashiya?
 The telephone is out of order, Mr Tamori.
 A sigh fell from her lips.
 Don't hesitate to ask me any questions.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Without a moment's hesitation, they took drastic action against the conspiracy.
 Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say.
 Rather than doing any good, the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop.
 Any book will do as long as it is instructive.
 I was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed.
 Try solving the problem.
 Let's take it for a month on trial.
 No, don't go yet.
 No! After you do your homework, you can watch television.
 The villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam.
 There was a water mill below the dam.
 The dam gave way and sent a great flush of water down the valley.
 Pipe down, otherwise you will be hauled out.
 Tama sometimes goes for a walk by himself.
 Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
 Sometimes her free manner seems rude.
 It's no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
 It's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
 You can't just work all day every day. You need to take a vacation once in a while.
 Sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring togetherjust the two of them.
 Use your head for a change.
 Once in a while, I visit the theater.
 Why don't you dine out with me for a change?
 I have to get out once in a while.
 It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
 You need to enjoy yourself and have fun once in a while.
 How about dining out for a change?
 Get out and have good clean fun once in a while.
 Let's dine out for a change.
 Come and see me once in a while.
 Once in a while, the prophet indulges in fantasy.
 More have repented speech than silence.
 It happened that her husband was a dentist.
 It happened that I was in her room.
 It happened that I knew her by sight.
 It so happened that they were not there.
 It happened that he was ill.
 It chances that he is off duty today.
 It happened that he was out.
 It fell out that he could not come in time.
 It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
 That topic is too intimate to share with casual acquaintances.
 As it happened, I had no money with me.
 It happened that we met at the station.
 It happened that we were in London.
 It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
 I chanced to see him in town.
 As it happens, I have left the book at home.
 He was evidently surprised when he came across me.
 It so happens that today is my birthday.
 Mike happened to have been absent from school.
 I had a chance to meet him in Paris.
 It happened that the train was delayed on account of snow.
 It so happened that he was absent from school that day.
 It happened that the day was my birthday.
 There happened to be a train accident early that morning.
 It happened that I met her at the station yesterday.
 It so happened that I had no money with me.
 It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
 Just take my word for it.
 You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
 Stop shooting the breeze and get to work!
 It is likely to rain tomorrow.
 It is probable that she will come.
 Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
 I should say he is a little angry.
 Maybe the impulse was working upon her subconscious.
 They'll probably come by car.
 Maybe he will be a good teacher.
 The chances are that he will succeed.
 The chances are that he will win.
 There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
 He will probably forget to return my book.
 It may be that he will never be famous.
 Probably he will come soon.
 Chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
 It is possible that he may know the fact.
 It is likely that he has made such a careless mistake.
 It is probable that he forgot about it.
 He may well be right.
 I guess that would be all right.
 The chances are that the boss will send you to California.
 Possibly, the accident will delay his arrival.
 Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.
 Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
 Doubtless you have heard the news.
 The tea leaves all point to a merger, if you ask me.
 It's going to rain.
 Maybe, but I can't catch the drift of even simple situations.
 Maybe, but he wants me to stop cold turkey.
 I guess that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
 In all probability, the cabinet will fall.
 In all probability, the money will not be paid.
 I dare say you are right.
 Maybe he has lots of girlfriends.
 Perhaps it will snow tomorrow.
 I should say he won't come.
 The chances are that you can pass the test.
 I've reserved a double.
 I'd like a double room.
 I'd like a double with a bath.
 Double, please.
 You're tough.
 Loose jackets are the latest fad.
 I have been there scores of times.
 You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
 Why don't you give up smoking?
 Each package contains a score of cigarettes.
 I want to get cigarettes.
 67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking.
 I wish I could give up smoking.
 Put out your cigarette. Smoking's not permitted here.
 You must stop smoking.
 You will live longer if you don't smoke.
 Don't you smoke?
 I'd rather you didn't smoke so much.
 Would you mind not smoking?
 Do you mind my smoking?
 Smoking is permitted.
 Do you mind if I smoke?
 I don't mind if you smoke.
 Would you mind if I smoke?
 The number of people who smoke is increasing, so cancer will soon be the most common cause of death.
 Stop smoking.
 It is often pointed out that smoking is a danger to health.
 Smoking does you harm.
 It is not good for the health to smoke too much.
 He made a resolve to stop smoking.
 To give up smoking is not easy, but you should for the sake of your health.
 I long for a smoke.
 You'd better give up smoking.
 If George doesn't stop smoking, he will run the risk of developing lung cancer.
 Please give up smoking.
 Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, sir, why don't you just give them up?
 Smokers are asked to occupy the rear seats.
 Let me have a cigarette.
 Smoking does much harm but no good.
 For thy sake, tobacco, I would do anything but die.
 Smoking has affected his health.
 Tobacco acts on the brain.
 You must not smoke.
 Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
 The argument that smoking is injurious has become accepted.
 Smoking is dangerous to health.
 It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
 Smoking is not good for the health.
 Smoking is bad for your health.
 I don't smoke.
 I give my pledge that I will quit smoking.
 He says he will not give up smoking.
 I prefer cigarettes smoked on the porch.
 It's hard to shake the smoking habit.
 You are requested not to smoke.
 Would you mind if I smoked?
 You should smoke less.
 Excessive smoking will injure your health.
 Would you please put out your cigarette?
 Cigarette smoke fouls the air in a room.
 Tobacco smoke is productive of cancer.
 A new tax has been imposed on cigarettes.
 There is a heavy tax on tobacco.
 Let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in.
 Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
 Every time cigarettes go up in price, many people try to give up smoking.
 I was aching for a cigarette.
 Please forget this, for the love of God.
 Danny has no sense of beauty.
 Actually, that's what I thought.
 I want to study abroad, even if my parents are against it.
 I would keep waiting for you if I had to stay awake past midnight.
 I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
 Even if you are busy, you should keep your promise.
 I don't mind even if she doesn't come.
 Even if she comes to see me, tell her I am not at home.
 Whatever she says, I don't believe her.
 Even if he is busy, he will come.
 I will be friendly to him even if he doesn't like me.
 Don't trust him, whatever he says.
 No matter what he says, I'll never believe him again.
 She believes him, whatever he says.
 Let him be a great statesman, I don't admire him.
 Even if he doesn't come here, I'll go on waiting for him.
 I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
 Even if pigs were to fly in the air, I would believe her.
 I will go, be the weather what it may.
 Whomever you may ask, you can't get a satisfactory answer.
 Whoever telephones, tell him I'm out.
 No matter who says so, I don't believe it.
 Whoever may say so, I don't believe it.
 Even if there is a convention, I shouldn't ask them for so much money.
 I will go even if it should rain heavily.
 Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
 If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never agree to your plan.
 If the sun were to rise in the west, I would not break my word.
 I always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive.
 I have a watch that is nice, if not new.
 A watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all.
 If he fails, so what?
 Even if you have your own way, you will not always be successful.
 If not confidently, at least hopefully.
 If I am dull, I am at least industrious.
 Even if we do this, it will be another sixty years before the Antarctic ozone hole is repaired.
 Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
 Even if I am wrong, you are not quite right.
 Even if he is in trouble, Mac is always optimistic.
 You have another chance even if you fail this time.
 All people can become friends, even if their languages and customs are different.
 Even if you make great efforts, you won't be able to achieve it.
 Granting you were drunk, I cannot excuse you.
 Even if you stop me, I won't change my mind.
 Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
 Even if you don't like music, you'll enjoy his concert.
 He didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving.
 Even though he is learned, I can't respect him.
 No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
 I'll follow you, come hell or high water.
 Go through fire and water.
 Even if I have to sell my house, I'll keep my business going.
 Live where she may, she always enjoys her surroundings.
 No matter what you may do, you must do your best.
 Even when she thought about something else, ideas of death returned to her mind.
 Whatever happens, you must keep calm.
 No matter what may happen, I am always prepared for it.
 Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
 No matter what happens, you must be here by nine.
 No matter what happens, I am prepared.
 I will go cycling even if it rains.
 Even though it is raining, he will play golf.
 Even if it should rain, I will start tomorrow.
 I will go there even if it rains.
 I have to go even if it rains.
 Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
 Even if it rains, the game will be played.
 Even if it rains, I'll start.
 The game will be played even if it rains.
 The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
 Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
 Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
 Even if you are not to blame, you should apologize.
 Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
 Ball games, such as basketball and ping-pong, are usually played indoors.
 For instance, bowing is peculiar to us, the Japanese.
 Take, for instance, your family problems.
 How many samples, for example?
 For example, he speaks German, French and English.
 For example, Koko was asked to choose a house or a tree for shelter from the rain.
 For example, they do not have to go to a stadium to see the World Series or the Super Bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms.
 Whatever story I tell, Mother believes me.
 No weather was severe enough to keep him indoors.
 She paints every day no matter how busy she is.
 No matter how long it takes, I will finish the job.
 However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
 Try as you may, you can't do it in a day.
 No amount of money can buy happiness.
 No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.
 Whichever you choose, you cannot lose.
 Whichever bus you may take, you can get to the station.
 Wherever you may go, you can't succeed without perseverance.
 Go where you will, you can't hope for success without effort.
 No matter where you live, you would find it difficult not to laugh at, say, Charlie Chaplin's early films.
 There are few, if any, such men.
 Even if it is true, it matters little.
 Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
 Even if the performance is good, I still say we drop the project.
 You must do it even if you don't want to.
 Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
 Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give money to him.
 You must do the work, even if you do not like it.
 Whenever you visit him, you will find him playing video games.
 The millionaire insisted on acquiring the masterpiece no matter how much it cost.
 Even if you go far away, let's keep in touch with each other over the phone.
 No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
 Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
 Even if it costs 10,yen, I must buy the dictionary.
 Even if it takes me ten years, I am determined to accomplish the job.
 Were the sun to rise in the west, she would not change her resolution.
 Even if you boss attacks you and tells you to go away, you should make your point.
 I want to get the word out - even if you don't have a lot of clothes you can enjoy dressing more fashionably by mixing and matching.
 There is no accounting for tastes.
 Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
 Because we'll all fall down on the cold ground.
 Because you're a sweet and lovely girl.
 They live there.
 The lights went out just now.
 I heard a shot just now.
 I've just finished my work.
 I want you to take back what you said just now.
 A fishing boat put off just now.
 I've just come back.
 It began raining just now.
 I only just saw the accident.
 I was just mugged.
 Only one little daughter did they have.
 Not a single word did he say.
 A mere spectators watched the game.
 No more than people came.
 They're only $with two cans of shoe polish free of charge.
 It took little more than an hour.
 You just messed up once. You don't need to agonize over it.
 It only costs $10.00!
 Could you tell me the way to Madame Tussaud's?
 A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
 Dachshund sausages first became popular in New York, especially at baseball games.
 An ostrich does not fly through the air.
 Ostriches are incapable of flight.
 The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
 An ostrich cannot fly any more than a kangaroo can.
 The panic spread through the district in an instant.
 I could see nothing but fog.
 Just keep on walking.
 You should never look down on a person merely because he is poor.
 You have only to believe him.
 Just imitate what he does.
 You can just call me Taro.
 All you have to do is to cultivate the ability to put yourself in the other fellow's place.
 Some read books just to pass time.
 She left me simply because I had a small income.
 We have a visitor right now. Would you mind waiting for a while?
 We are currently experiencing some turbulence.
 We are full just now.
 They are merely different.
 Fine words butter no parsnips.
 Merely to breathe does not mean to live.
 He could do nothing but watch.
 We can but wait for the results.
 He is just pulling your leg.
 One can no more write good English than one can compose good music, merely by keeping the rules.
 You've just been down in the dumps.
 Only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars.
 I was waiting all alone.
 My sole idea was to get there as fast as possible.
 The only way was to ask her for help.
 The only solution is for her to give up the plan.
 You never get something for nothing.
 You can't get anything for nothing.
 One mistake will cost a person his life.
 You probably just have a cold.
 It's just a trick of the wind.
 How about giving me a promotion from just-a-friend to boyfriend?
 I would hate to become just a housewife.
 Not a word did he speak.
 You may have it for nothing.
 It was bad enough that he usually came to work late, but coming in drunk was the last straw, and I'm going to have to let him go.
 You can have this book for nothing.
 I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
 We must act at once.
 I want you to go to Osaka at once.
 We must carry out the plan at once.
 He just drones on and on but hardly even touches on what we need to know for the test.
 However, you have to queue...
 All that I was looking for was somebody who looked like you.
 He lost his position just because he refused to tell a lie.
 The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
 The line is busy now.
 He's gone to Nagoya on business.
 We're out of stock now.
 I will be with you right away.
 They are now sitting in conference on that question.
 Appear before us now.
 The line is engaged.
 I'm home, Mom!
 He came only as a witness to the light.
 I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
 He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning.
 I think it's worth asking.
 I don't want to be made a cat's paw.
 I think that it was probably Friday of last week.
 She is not pretty, to be sure, but she is very clever.
 Indeed he is rich, but he is not reliable.
 It's true that there are fewer children due to the falling birthrate, and there are fewer children in the school, but that is all to the good.
 Flying a kite can be dangerous.
 The kite went upward.
 The octopus is in the sea.
 The kite got caught in the tree.
 But I never had you.
 But I have an appointment with my client tomorrow.
 Takeshi promised to help me with my homework, but at the last minute he let me down.
 Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
 Takeshi looked very much like one of my friends.
 Takeshi hopes to go to London to study English.
 Takeshi keeps a diary in English.
 Takeshi is making great progress with math.
 Takeo is quite a good fellow in his way.
 Takeshi carried on his hard work.
 Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
 Takuya told me to start at once.
 Have you ever been to Hawaii, Takuya?
 I will share the cost of the taxi with you.
 It'll be quicker to walk than to take a taxi.
 It's faster to reserve a taxi.
 I had a little difficulty in getting a taxi.
 I had trouble getting a taxi.
 I held up my hand to stop a taxi.
 It will cost at least yen to take a taxi.
 Before we get out of the taxi, we pay the fare.
 Let's get out of the taxi.
 Could you please get me a taxi?
 Will you please call me a taxi?
 Would you like me to get you a cab?
 I'll call you a taxi.
 Would you like me to call a taxi?
 The taxi picked up two passengers.
 The taxi stopped dead at the traffic signal.
 What time does the cab leave for the airport?
 The taxi seemed to go as slowly as a snail.
 No taxi stopped.
 It was careless of you to leave your camera in the taxi.
 If there weren't so many taxis, there would be fewer traffic accidents.
 If you want the taxi driver to have a tip, hand him too much money and say, "Keep the change."
 Yesterday night, I shared a cab with Paris Hilton.
 Let's take a taxi.
 Why don't we take a taxi?
 Taking a taxi is a luxury for me.
 Shall we take a taxi?
 It was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi.
 I left my umbrella in the cab.
 I would as soon walk as take a taxi.
 Which is quicker, a taxi or the subway?
 Let's go by taxi, shall we?
 I would rather walk than go by taxi.
 I think you should go by taxi.
 You ought to go by taxi, or you might not get there in time.
 It's more economical to go by bus instead of taking a taxi.
 The taxi has arrived.
 A taxi drew up at the main gate.
 The taxi drew up to me.
 As our taxi broke down on the way, we had to walk to the station.
 The taxi is waiting outside.
 Taxis stood in a rank in front of the station.
 If there are no taxis, we'll have to walk.
 There being no taxis available, we walked home.
 As there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
 There being no taxis, I had to walk.
 I want a lot.
 It is nice to have a lot of friends.
 There are many books, aren't there?
 I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
 The more you have, the more you want.
 There were lots of bundles, but they weren't thousand-dollar bills.
 You have made many mistakes.
 Lots of famous people come here.
 Many famous artists live in New York.
 A host of friends came to see me off.
 A lot of trees were cut down.
 Many a book is published, but of them only a very few are worth reading.
 Though many books are published, hardly a few of them are of value.
 A lot of treasure was brought over to this country.
 There used to be a pond here where you could see many swans.
 Many beautiful flowers bloom in spring.
 I saw a lot of birds flying toward the south.
 Many birds are on the branch.
 A lot of insects are chirping in the field.
 Many boats are sailing on the sea.
 A lot of insects vanished overnight.
 Many little red birds always sing merrily in the trees.
 A lot of students look up to Mr Brown.
 Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
 Much water is needed.
 A lot of people went by on the main street.
 A great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics.
 A bunch of people thrust their way toward the rear exit.
 Dozens of people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
 Plenty of people were waiting for the bus.
 Many people were deceived by the advertisement.
 Lots of people took part in the marathon.
 A crowd of people were present at a party.
 A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
 Numbers of people came from all over the country.
 Many people were waiting in line.
 A lot of people were waiting for him.
 A lot of people were killed in World War II.
 A lot of people were killed in the war.
 A number of people die in traffic accidents.
 Quite a few people attended the opening ceremony of the new bridge.
 Quite a few people went to the concert.
 There are a lot of people walking there.
 A lot of boys ran after the rabbit.
 Many boys and girls were present.
 A lot of boys are running in the park.
 A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
 A lot of funds are necessary to travel.
 Many children were playing in the park.
 A lot of children gathered in the garden.
 Lots of leftovers remained inside.
 There are many tall buildings.
 He saw something behind a lot of old boxes.
 A lot of policemen guarded the hall.
 Dozens of students gathered there.
 A lot of fish perished.
 A lot of students do part-time jobs.
 After running up so many flights of steps, she was completely out of breath.
 Many paintings hang in the shop.
 A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
 Many yachts are in the harbor.
 Many European people are aware of environmental problems.
 Many swallows will come soon from the south.
 A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
 A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up.
 Much money is spent every day.
 Although he had many toys, his greed made him want more.
 Many dogs are alive.
 As a matter of fact, all great discoverers have been regarded as dreamers.
 Yet today only about percent of American families follow this pattern.
 But now, nothing is left for me.
 You are wrong, however.
 But for you I'll always be insignificant.
 So it is essential that you take the attitude of looking up yourself the information you feel necessary.
 So he went in.
 So there is a magnetic field around earth.
 Who do you think will be chosen?
 That's why I told you not to go by car.
 So I put the book away.
 So I will see him running on the way to school today.
 I tried to tell you.
 So we'd better stay home.
 So fuckin' what.
 So I'll get you something to eat.
 So what? It doesn't matter to me.
 So I can make music.
 That's why I told you not to go by yourself.
 Now stop crying.
 So they ought to have arrived here by now.
 Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth's magnetic field.
 So the pigeon can feel the magnetic field on its head, but it can't feel the Earth's magnetic field.
 Not that I have any objection.
 So I ran to my father's restaurant.
 So, it isn't hot at all.
 So nobody bothered about me.
 So, players were often seriously injured and sometimes even killed in these rough games.
 However, my father used to fool around with women a lot.
 The hawk circled round in the sky.
 But "experiment" is not the appropriate word.
 However, as living standards gradually came to rise, more and more people began to have their own bathrooms at home.
 But, she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom.
 But Bill interrupted the story saying: "Banana".
 But you have saved the best till now.
 And yet, in the "real adult world" there are a lot of competitions.
 The towel counted for nothing.
 Shake off the towels.
 Dry your face with a towel.
 The delicate, graceful flowers are in bloom.
 I rediscovered the importance of constant efforts.
 The Dow Jones average posted a gain of two points today.
 The Dow plunged points and then bottomed out.
 What number is the downtown train?
 Where is the bus stop for downtown?
 Traffic downtown is all backed up.
 There are many hotels downtown.
 The word downtown refers to the business quarter of any town.
 How about Thai food?
 We could meet downtown. Would that be convenient for you?
 The data collected in Tyrel's research is of great value both to administrators and to educators.
 Direct marketing is a means of allowing people to shop from home.
 I have to change tires.
 Can I dial directly?
 You don't see many dial phones around anymore.
 Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
 Diamond is essentially hard.
 Diamonds are a girl's best friends.
 The hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass.
 The hardness of diamond is 10.
 The diamond shone brightly.
 Tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface.
 I'm not wearing a diamond ring, but I'm happy.
 We found a nail stuck in the tire.
 Could you check the tire pressure?
 If you pump air into a tire it expands.
 I pumped up the tire.
 I must put some air in the tire.
 Fill the tires with air.
 The timetable was disrupted.
 The tire leaks air.
 I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
 I got a flat tire.
 Have you read the article about Asia in Time?
 Let's take time out to elaborate a strategy.
 Imagine that you have a time machine.
 Could you bring me a Time magazine?
 Do you have Time magazine?
 I'll punch the clock.
 It has become very warm.
 It's a very good newspaper, isn't it?
 There were so many people.
 It was a very, very hot night.
 To our great annoyance, he barged in on our party.
 Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
 It was a very cold winter.
 Much to my surprise, my song appealed to many young people.
 I am sorry that I have troubled you so much.
 "Thank you very much", she said with a smile.
 It is getting rather late. I think I must be going now.
 The pain has mostly gone away.
 It has become quite autumnal.
 Can I use your typewriter?
 You can type, can't you?
 The typist tried to erase the error.
 She got a job as a typist.
 The divers found a wreck on the sea-bed.
 Do you have any other guidebooks about Thailand?
 The dynamite went off with a bang.
 In Thailand, people use coconuts for food, drink and toys.
 In Thailand it has already become too dry to grow rice in some parts of the country.
 In Thailand, bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility; it's entirely up to the mother.
 I usually walk.
 I usually have a glass of milk for breakfast.
 I usually get up late.
 As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
 We usually go out for drinking parties.
 I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
 Most workers get an automatic pay raise every year.
 I get most things at the stores.
 The clinical records in most hospitals are kept in alphabetical order.
 Most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation.
 Most Japanese live on rice.
 Most Japanese drink water from the tap.
 Don't you think most Japanese students work hard?
 Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
 Most birds can see only by day.
 Most boys take after their fathers.
 Most boys like computer games.
 Most college students use computers mainly for writing papers.
 Most people live in pursuit of happiness.
 People feel most at ease when they are at home.
 Most people like to see in pictures what they would like to see in reality.
 I think most people are better off now than they used to be.
 Most people like summer, but as for me, I like winter much better.
 Most people like watching TV.
 Most people retire at the age of sixty.
 Most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune.
 The lives of most people are determined by their environment.
 Most people think so.
 In most cases we had to give in to their demands.
 Parents are usually concerned about their children's future.
 Most boys know his name.
 Most women make much of fashion.
 Most women are not so young as they are painted.
 Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
 Most girls are kind.
 Most work is not very pleasant.
 Most writers hate being criticized.
 Women live longer than men in most countries.
 Most whales feed on plankton.
 Most students study hard.
 Most students come to school on foot.
 Most students do the sights of Kyoto on their school excursion.
 Most students like sports.
 Most students are doing preparation for the term examination.
 Most living creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
 The British people in general are extremely fond of their pets.
 Most Europeans cannot tell a Japanese from a Chinese.
 In most sports the team that practice hardest usually brings home the bacon.
 Most Americans like hamburgers.
 Most people here have really hit the skids.
 I usually gas up the car at this service station.
 More often than not, famine is accompanied by plague.
 In most cases, car accidents result from lack of sleep.
 More often than not, students prefer club activities to academic classes.
 The Titanic sunk on its maiden voyage.
 It was in that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
 You're about right.
 On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
 About how much will it cost?
 About how long will it take?
 It's about kilometers away.
 It's almost six o'clock.
 I am sorry I have imposed so much on you.
 She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.
 We didn't have much trouble.
 They had not gone very far when they met an old man.
 We didn't have much fun.
 That doesn't matter.
 Hotshot!
 It isn't much of a car.
 I'd like a daiquiri.
 In most cases, his answers are right.
 The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
 There's little chance of keeping slim, unless you stick to a diet.
 The chocolate cake tempted her even though she was dieting.
 Dieting takes up so much human endeavor with so little to show for it.
 How's your diet kick?
 She's lost a lot of weight since she went on a diet.
 Why don't you go on a diet?
 Diane is your half-sister too, George.
 The diamond was set in a gold ring.
 The tar won't come off. I'm going to have to take this skirt to the dry cleaner.
 Go out of the terminal and turn right.
 Please stay seated until we reach the terminal.
 Derby Day is Wednesday fortnight.
 Mr Turner bade farewell to his colleagues.
 We buy eggs by the dozen.
 Turner stands out among the painters of his time.
 Darwin studied the animals and birds different from those he knew in England.
 Darwin wrote "the Origin of Species".
 Have you studied Darwin's theory of evolution?
 This revision of Darwin's ideas came under fire from academic positions.
 We associate the name of Darwin with The Origin of Species.
 Da Vinci could see farther than others.
 The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
 The USSR will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
 The Soviet Union took a hostile attitude toward us.
 I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
 I don't want to know that kind of story.
 You must be very naive to be taken in by such a story.
 He must be crazy to talk like that.
 Such a case is not uncommon today.
 It is fortunate that you have such parents.
 Don't keep company with such a selfish man.
 You ought not to sit up so late.
 You shouldn't read such useless books.
 It is dangerous to drive so fast.
 I have never heard of anyone by the name.
 Don't beat your head against a stone wall.
 You don't have to obey such a law.
 Do not read such a book.
 I might as well die as lead such a life.
 He will never get anywhere with that prejudiced idea.
 That would bring only a small price.
 Don't tell me off like that.
 To behave like that, he must be out of his mind.
 Let's not think like that.
 Don't talk back to me like that.
 That would be twenty-seven words instead of four, and while the bare message of the longer statement would be understood, the persuasive force would be lost.
 It is stupid of him to behave like that.
 That's how I came to know her.
 Don't talk like that.
 Don't repeat such a careless mistake.
 Don't make such careless mistakes.
 Such a strange thing is not likely to happen.
 I've never seen such a beautiful flower.
 Don't give me such a sad look.
 Such words are so typical for him.
 You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
 They must be crazy to believe such nonsense.
 It is no use arguing with such a foolish man.
 How can you say such a foolish thing?
 That's impossible.
 I would not have said such a nonsense.
 You can't fool me with your honeyed words.
 It is clever of her to solve such a difficult problem.
 Don't ask such hard questions.
 Don't ask me such a hard question.
 You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
 I didn't know you were that kind of a person.
 That's the damnedest story I ever heard.
 Such a proposal would only be turned down immediately.
 You don't have to wince like that. I'll fix it so it doesn't hurt.
 If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
 I have no time to listen to such everyday affairs.
 Don't keep company with such a man.
 I can't finish the job in so short a time.
 How careless you are to forget such an important thing!
 You should not speak so loud.
 Don't talk so loud.
 I'm concerned whether or not I can handle a big job like that.
 I cannot afford to pay so much.
 I've never seen so big a dog.
 Now, quit being so blas about this.
 There can be no joy in that idle life.
 You don't have to stand on ceremony with me.
 Please don't walk so fast. I can't keep pace with you.
 We have no such example.
 People would sell their souls to hear the concert from those seats.
 I can't imagine such a life.
 I might as well die as marry such a man.
 Nobody can get along with such a person.
 You should not keep company with such people.
 You must not behave so.
 Such a judge may as well retire from his job.
 I couldn't bear to see such a scene.
 You ought not to go to such a place.
 A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
 She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
 Don't worry about such a trifle thing.
 It isn't worthwhile going there.
 You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
 I hadn't bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
 Don't trifle with such serious matters.
 I would as soon stay where I am as go to such a place.
 You can't fool me with a trick like that.
 I wouldn't let a goof-up like that get to you. People have short memories and the one good thing about gossip is that it's short-lived.
 Put me in touch with her.
 You don't have to tell me that, fool.
 Sleep off the problem.
 Such incidents are quite common.
 I didn't expect that to come from you.
 Pardon me for saying so.
 It is bold of you to say such a thing.
 It's thoughtless of her to say so.
 He must be crazy to say such a thing.
 It is foolish of you to say such a thing.
 You must be out of your mind to say that.
 She must be a fool to say so.
 It is typical of him to say such a thing.
 It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
 You will be taken for an ill-mannered person if you do so.
 You must be a fool to do such a thing.
 It was careless of me to do something like that.
 He is wise enough not to do such a thing.
 Don't go out of your way.
 The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
 Forget about that right now.
 Oh, don't worry about that.
 For him, that will be like taking candy from a baby.
 I thought as much.
 You know I can't.
 There is no advantage in doing that.
 Don't be too hard on me.
 Such a childish plan is bound to fail.
 How did you come by such a job?
 I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
 It is foolish to read such a magazine.
 You may as well take a nap as read such a magazine.
 Such a trivial thing is out of the question.
 There's no sense acting all triumphant like a conquering hero over such a minor thing.
 I can't buy a book this expensive.
 I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
 You need not have bought such an expensive book.
 I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
 Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
 Such a behavior gives rise to problem.
 Give up such ideas.
 There is no excuse for such behavior.
 That idea never presented itself to me.
 It is not proper that you talk that way.
 We have seldom seen such a sight!
 It is stupid of you to make such a mistake.
 She was stupid to make such a mistake.
 There are few, if any, such mistakes.
 You can't believe a word of it.
 Such an old fan would be next to useless.
 Like is hardly the word.
 That excuse will not do.
 Don't put it that way.
 You're making yourself appear cheap.
 We shall never agree on such a careless plan.
 Put the plan on the scrap heap.
 Such a plan is bound to fail.
 Such a plan can hardly succeed.
 Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
 Do not say such foolish things.
 The young man must have felt very desperate when he resorted to such a terrible act.
 I don't feel like it.
 I've never heard of such a strange story.
 I don't want to take risks.
 Can such a strange thing be real?
 You ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place.
 You shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place.
 Don't make such a mistake.
 It was careless of him to make such a mistake.
 You should avoid making such a mistake.
 I couldn't think up such a brief explanation.
 Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
 You must not keep company with such a mean fellow.
 Stop telling those filthy stories.
 If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
 Some people would question the truth of such rumors.
 He is the lowest of the low to tell such a lie.
 I am not having any of those lies.
 Such a bad custom should be done away with.
 We have to do away with such a bad custom.
 Such evil customs should be done away with.
 Don't keep company with such a bad boy.
 We should do away with such a bad custom.
 That's why I was absent from school yesterday.
 That's why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork.
 That being the case, he had little to say.
 That is why I was late for class yesterday.
 You wouldn't gain anything by a method like that.
 I don't give a damn about it!
 I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
 There's no use making such a thing.
 He says nobody cares for a thing like that.
 Never have I seen such a thing.
 Such a thing cannot be found everywhere.
 If you bite at it, you're a fool.
 I don't believe such things exist.
 It was childish of him to behave like that.
 You will debase yourself by such behavior.
 It's characteristic of him to behave like that.
 I've never been spoken to like that.
 That's how he got away from prison.
 It's mean of you to talk that way.
 That is how the accident occurred.
 Stop staring at me like that.
 Never have I heard so terrible a story.
 Never in my life have I seen such a terrible accident.
 That can't be right. He's still on vacation in Hawaii.
 If you do such a foolish thing, people will laugh at you.
 Is he mad that he should say such a foolish thing?
 Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
 Put away such a foolish idea.
 Forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us.
 That's a piece of pie.
 You knew it wouldn't.
 Don't worry about that.
 That's just an excuse.
 That's for suckers.
 You want to leave it like that?
 It was out of the ordinary for Chris to behave so roughly.
 Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
 You ought not to stay up so late.
 I wonder what makes it so fascinating.
 I'll have to fire you if you come late so often.
 I will have to fire you if you come late so often.
 When someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish, it starts to sound like they're lying.
 You shouldn't speak so ill of him.
 In such thin clothes, are you warm enough?
 How can you benefit by being so unpleasant?
 What's the sense of working so hard?
 There's no need to get so angry. Keep your temper.
 Don't be so angry.
 He must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance.
 You had better not sit up so late.
 You mustn't stay out that late.
 There's no need to speak so loud.
 You don't have to cry out. I can hear you.
 I had not waited long before the bus came.
 Don't walk so fast.
 Don't speak so fast, please.
 Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
 Running so fast is impossible for me.
 Don't run so fast.
 Don't speak so fast.
 Don't run down the stairs so noisily.
 Don't make so much noise.
 He said to me, 'Don't make such a noise.'
 Don't make such a noise!
 Please don't speak so fast.
 You need not have come so early.
 You did not need to come so early.
 Don't walk so fast. I can't keep up with you.
 I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
 I wish you wouldn't drive so fast. You're making the baby sick!
 I'm not accustomed to getting up so early.
 You need not have got up so early.
 You needn't go too early, need you?
 It is abnormal to eat so much.
 If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
 Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
 Don't cut your classes so often.
 It is a great pity that he died so young.
 Slow down or you're going to work yourself sick.
 Where are you going in such a hurry? We've got plenty of time, so drive safely.
 I didn't mean to sound so harsh.
 Please don't look at me like that.
 There is no sense in your worrying about your health so much.
 Do not vary your plan so often.
 Don't get so excited!
 Don't push me very hard. It's dangerous.
 Don't hit me so hard.
 Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
 Nobody anticipated such a sharp decline in interest rates.
 You need not have come in such a hurry.
 Don't be in such a hurry.
 There's no need to get so angry.
 Rarely have I met such a graceful dancer.
 You don't have to give yourself such airs.
 Don't raise my hopes like that.
 Little did I dream of hearing such a merry song.
 It's not so far.
 Please don't make so much noise.
 You need not have come all the way from such a distant place.
 If you keep on drinking like that, you'll get sick.
 That makes no difference.
 You should have come here sooner instead of putting it off out of pride for so long.
 We need not have eaten breakfast so early.
 You should not look to others for help so easily.
 You ought not to smoke so much.
 It's folly to eat so much.
 You shouldn't smoke so much.
 All of a sudden, I remembered that I couldn't pay for so many books.
 You have given me so many.
 You must be hungry to eat so much rice.
 Don't change your mind so often.
 Don't make such a sour face.
 If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
 Don't eat like a pig.
 Don't be such a hothead. A short temper will cost you.
 Don't worry about money so much.
 We'll get along without that much money somehow.
 There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
 Cut out the nonsense, will you?
 You don't have to use such a harsh tone with me.
 I didn't quite catch the name of that designer.
 I didn't mean it.
 Don't bother me with such foolish questions.
 Don't worry about such a silly thing.
 It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
 Don't worry about such a trifle.
 Don't bother your parents with such a trivial thing.
 Don't look so fiercely at me.
 Don't bother me with such trifles.
 Don't worry about such a trivial problem.
 You need not fret over such trifles.
 That can't be true.
 I am blessed if I know it.
 Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
 Such a thing is of no account.
 I can scarcely believe it.
 That's easy for you to say.
 Don't say that.
 You ought not to say such a thing.
 Don't give me that.
 Stop saying that!
 I'd be crazy to expect such a thing.
 I never heard anything like that.
 It is not characteristic of you to say such a thing to her.
 You must on no account do such a thing.
 It is foolish of me not to think of that.
 Don't worry about such a thing.
 You ought not to say such things in public.
 I don't like those who say so.
 If you say so, you are telling a lie.
 It makes my head swim to hear you say that.
 It's below her to say such a thing.
 It is rude of you to say so.
 It's the height of madness to say so.
 She must be stupid to say such a thing.
 It is heartless of him to say so.
 It is careless of you to say such things.
 You are foolish to say such a thing.
 Have you lost your sense to say so?
 It is beneath him to say such a thing.
 Have you lost your senses to say so?
 He must be very angry to say such a thing.
 You've got a nerve to say such a thing!
 If you do that, you're going to subject yourself to ridicule.
 If you do that, you will be cheating.
 I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
 Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
 That is beneath ordinary decency.
 It would be foolish, not to say mad, to do such a thing.
 He must be crazy that he should do so.
 How stupid of me to do so!
 What a thoughtless man to do that!
 I blush to think of such conduct.
 It is wicked of you to do such things.
 Do you have the conscience to do such a thing?
 Are you mad that you should do such a thing?
 To do so is asking for trouble.
 It was very careless of her to do such a thing.
 He must be crazy to do such a thing.
 He must be a fool to do so.
 He cannot be an honest man to do such a thing.
 What a fool I was to do such a thing!
 It is characteristic of him to do such a thing.
 You will catch it if you do such a thing.
 I might as well die as do such a thing.
 I might as well starve as do such a thing.
 What is the good of doing it?
 It's nonsense to try that.
 It will not add anything to the situation.
 If you do that kind of thing, it's not fair to her.
 Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
 If you do that, it will only bring about a contrary effect.
 I'm sorry for what I did.
 Trying to do such a thing is a waste of time.
 That won't make any difference.
 That sort of thing should be done away with.
 I've never heard of such a thing.
 It is absolutely impossible.
 That's a matter of course.
 I'll be hanged if it's true.
 Never in my life have I heard or seen such a thing.
 I don't give a damn about it.
 Such a thing has happened many a time to me.
 Such things are beyond my powers.
 It would have been better if you had left it unsaid.
 That's to me like a flower on lofty heights.
 I don't go in for that sort of thing.
 You'll regret having said those words.
 That doesn't give you grounds for complaining.
 Not hardly. He eats like a goat.
 I don't want to get involved in that sort of thing.
 I don't want to get involved in that business.
 So, I don't know what to do next spring.
 You don't have to worry about a thing like that.
 He is nothing less than a thief to do such a thing.
 Don't get excited about such a thing.
 There is no time to quarrel over such a thing.
 What's the point?
 I was fool enough to do so.
 I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.
 I'll be damned if it's true.
 Do you think it likely?
 That cannot be true.
 I will see that such a thing does not come to pass again.
 It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
 He must be stupid not to see such a thing.
 Don't let that happen again!
 I do nothing of the kind.
 It's as easy as pie.
 If only I had a pretty dress like that!
 People ask me 'why would you want to cherish a piece of junk like that?' But this little beauty means the world to me.
 Nobody will believe that rumor.
 Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
 I don't know how such a rumor got about.
 Don't degrade yourself by telling such a lie.
 Happy were the students who had such a good teacher.
 My artisan pride cannot tolerate such sloppiness.
 I cannot accept an excuse like that.
 How did you hit upon such an idea?
 It's time to get down to business.
 It's about time for dinner.
 It's about time we went back.
 It is time you get down to work.
 It is high time we said good-bye.
 It is time you told her the truth.
 It's about time for him to get here.
 It's almost time to go to bed.
 It's about time we went to bed.
 I think I have to begin working on my homework.
 I'm afraid I have to go now.
 It's about time.
 I think I have to get moving with some work for the exams.
 We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
 It's about time you sent the children to bed.
 Hadn't we better be going soon?
 Let's be going now.
 I'm taking off now.
 It's time you faced reality.
 It is about time you went to school.
 It's about time I was going home.
 We'd better go home now.
 Maybe it's about time I started learning to program.
 It's about time we brought this party to an end, isn't it?
 It's about time you set about cleaning the table.
 I think it's time to wind up this meeting.
 It's almost time for the guest to arrive.
 It is time I left here.
 Pick it up.
 It is about time I was going.
 Turn it off.
 From that time on, they came to love each other.
 They have never been heard of since.
 Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
 He has led a loose life since then.
 He has never been heard of since.
 We have never heard from him since.
 I have never heard from him since.
 Our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then.
 We have been friends ever since.
 Have you been here since?
 It has been very fine since then.
 Three years have passed since then.
 Since then she couldn't look up to her mother.
 He has not been heard of since.
 I had never seen a more beautiful sight.
 Have you any further questions?
 You can't expect more than that.
 Beyond that I cannot help you.
 I couldn't bear any more insults.
 You won't find a better job in a hurry.
 He led a hard life after that.
 I haven't seen her since then.
 I cannot take less.
 It is far from easy to understand it.
 We need some clues to understand it.
 To understand it, you have only to read this book.
 It's the animal in me that wants it.
 Let it be done by six this evening.
 Send it by mail.
 Will you send it by mail?
 Please bring it back tomorrow.
 It was careless of her to forget it.
 Just wrap it up.
 Let's get it over with.
 Let me hear it.
 I am sad to hear it.
 It made my blood boil to hear that.
 When she heard that, she turned pale.
 As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
 She felt like crying upon hearing that.
 I'm very sorry to hear that.
 I'm very glad to hear that.
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 I am indeed very glad to hear that.
 My resolution was shaken when I heard about it.
 I'm sorry to hear it.
 I sighed with relief to hear it.
 I am very much relieved to know that.
 I'm so sorry to hear that.
 I'd like to see that in black and white.
 In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
 Will you explain it in plain English?
 I will keep it in my bosom.
 Cut it in half.
 Don't blame it on her.
 He has enough money to buy it.
 I have no money to buy it.
 It cost him five pounds to buy it back.
 He makes no bones about admitting it.
 Even if I admit that, I cannot agree with you.
 I don't know how to put it in Japanese.
 We use them often as parasols or umbrellas.
 He was caught in the very act of stealing it.
 May I try it on?
 Why don't you look it up in the phone book?
 There are few men who don't know that.
 There is no one but knows it.
 He is not such a fool but he knows it.
 Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
 Give it to anyone you like.
 Please have someone else do that.
 Say it in another way.
 I'd like to have that gift wrapped.
 Put it back in the nest.
 You ought to have told me that before.
 I believe it to be true.
 Let's make it brief.
 It's naive of you to believe that.
 It was stupid of me to believe that!
 Can you prove it?
 May I eat a little of it?
 I cannot help but laugh at it.
 All you have to do is write it down.
 It took me several hours to write it.
 I had difficulty in having it repaired.
 Having finished it, he went to bed.
 It is next to impossible to carry it out.
 Get it and put it on the fire.
 Prove it by experiment.
 I found it difficult to put it into practice.
 While I was at it, I felt as if I was walking on thin ice.
 He can't be smart if he can screw up something like that.
 Look it up in the dictionary.
 I need a bag to carry it in.
 Lay it down on paper so everyone understands better.
 Bring it to me.
 That's just what I was going to say.
 Bring it back to me.
 Buy it for me, please.
 You don't have to tell it to me if you don't want to.
 Let me have a look at it.
 Please send it to me by fax.
 Give it to me, please.
 The very idea of it is disgusting.
 It's no use worrying about it. There's nothing you can do.
 It is no use worrying about it.
 Put it where children can't get at it.
 It will be quitting time before you get that done.
 It is premature to discuss it now.
 Send it by airmail.
 I shudder to think of it.
 That sure puts me on the spot.
 It would have been wiser to leave it unsaid.
 It would be better to leave it unsaid.
 I wish you had told me that.
 Put it back where you got it from.
 I left it unlocked.
 Put it back where it was.
 Let's climb that mountain to see it.
 At that, he stood up.
 When I saw it, it took my breath away.
 I was extremely surprised when I saw this.
 The sight sent chills of delight up my spine.
 I would like to see it.
 Let me see that.
 It took many years to build it.
 Don't hold it upside down.
 We still have enough time to discuss it.
 Put it back on the desk.
 Can you put it down on the table?
 Can you make it on time?
 We need a tool to open it with.
 It took the best part of my holiday to finish it.
 I tried in vain to open it.
 You must take care not to break it.
 Where did you get this?
 Set it down there.
 Put it down.
 Will you carry it out for me?
 Don't expose it to the rain.
 You also must be very prudent, to keep that hidden.
 It's foul of you to have concealed it.
 Drink it down.
 Well do I remember it.
 Leave it off the list.
 I'll help you as soon as I've done that.
 It is little short of lunacy to try it.
 If it is worth doing, do it well.
 Don't leave here until you have done it.
 Try and do it.
 Please pass it to the other friends.
 Please pass it to the other boys.
 Let me help you wipe it off.
 The question is how to carry it out.
 I could not find it anyplace.
 I don't remember where I bought it.
 Tell me what to do with it.
 What shall I do with it?
 Watch carefully how to do it.
 I don't know what to open it with.
 What are you going to do with it?
 It is up to you how you take it.
 Please put it aside for me.
 Lay it on the table.
 You shall have it for nothing.
 Please say it by heart.
 Leave it as it is, or you will be scolded.
 Leave it there.
 I wish I had known how to do it.
 Are you able to afford the time for it?
 It's up to you to do it.
 Can you afford the time for it?
 He can do it if anybody.
 You'll need a special tool to do it.
 If anyone can do it, Bill can.
 It is impossible to do it.
 I don't know how I should do it.
 Let's finish it right away.
 Let it be done at once.
 Get it ready at once.
 Do it at once.
 May I do it right now?
 There is no person to do it.
 If I had had to do it, I would have done it at that time.
 I thought I must do it.
 I've warned you over and over again not to do it.
 What is the harm in doing that?
 I will give you permission to do it.
 Everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it.
 It's not us who did it.
 Did you show it to your parents?
 Bring it here.
 Get them out of here!
 I will give it to you.
 Don't take that too literally.
 We would ask you to give us a price reduction of 5%.
 Divide it among the three.
 It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
 I sold it for ten dollars.
 I bought it for dollars.
 The approaches used in those two designs are exactly alike.
 I can read them all.
 Compare the style of those three letters.
 Get them out of the way.
 Pack them in the box.
 They are matters which we need to discuss.
 They are too numerous to enumerate.
 They built up twenty-five stories on one side and thirty-five stories on the other.
 Isn't that theirs?
 They are different in degree but not in kind.
 They have taken the form of sculptures.
 All of them were handmade things.
 They are much better than Western baths.
 They added to the enjoyment of my life.
 They will be used for making people happy.
 They are important matters.
 They aren't my books.
 They are our cars.
 They are my grandfather's books.
 These boded you no good.
 Those are not your chairs.
 They were vacant apartments or homes.
 What are they for?
 What are they made of?
 They went back and forth all day and part of the night.
 None, they are all outside.
 They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
 They are so much alike that I don't know which is which.
 They are great masterpieces of European art.
 They are all of a price.
 They are all of a size.
 They are very big apples.
 Either of them is satisfactory to me.
 They are more or less the same size.
 They were symptoms of the earthquake.
 It revived with even greater vigor.
 They were made of rough brown leather.
 They will help you to get warm.
 They are made in a variety of sizes.
 Are they displayed all through the year?
 Those books are mine.
 They were about cents a pound cheaper.
 Those books are always in great demand.
 We must draw attention to the distribution of this form in those dialects.
 Their scope and shape is unclear.
 The words would appear on his computer screen.
 Those proposals seem very much alike to me.
 The differences were minor, so I ignored them.
 Their sizes are much the same.
 You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
 These figures don't add up.
 It is up to us to help those people.
 Those people contributed greatly to world peace.
 The new houses are of a uniform height.
 I've been to neither of those places.
 Those peasants badly need land to grow rice.
 Those books will make a fine library.
 Please remember to mail the letters.
 These letters reveal her to be an honest lady.
 Compare the style of those letters.
 Show me the photos, please.
 Judging from those facts, Mr Mori must be a wealthy person.
 These tell us that he loved to talk and argue about art, politics and life.
 Those children are potential customers.
 Those children have no one to care for them.
 I can't tell which work is better than the other.
 Those countries used to belong to France.
 Those plans seem much alike to me.
 The cattle are marked with brands.
 Those agenda items were taken up en bloc for discussion.
 There is no surface difference between them.
 Those regulations all apply to everyone without a single exception.
 There was a minute difference between them.
 Those cities have uniform traffic laws.
 I can recall seeing those pictures.
 Those pictures were painted by him.
 Those flowers have died.
 These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
 Those cowards ran away soon.
 Please put those chairs away.
 Those chairs are in the way.
 One of the dogs is alive.
 Many of the dogs are alive.
 Some of the dogs are alive.
 Some of them are really fine.
 There seem to be several reasons for that.
 I'd rather stay here.
 I'd like to try on shoes other than those.
 Instead, they prefer to stay in and watch television.
 I like this better than that.
 A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
 Therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year.
 Hence, I shall have to stay here.
 That's not a bad idea.
 I had never been abroad before, so everything seemed strange to me.
 That had not occurred to him before.
 We will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time.
 It is difficult planning meals for so many people.
 That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
 That sounds too good to be true.
 It conforms to the requirements of logic.
 That is a good idea.
 Keep it in a cool place.
 It is contrary to reason.
 It's about the size of an egg.
 It looks like an egg.
 It is about the size of an egg.
 It was about the size of an egg.
 It would break if you dropped it.
 It has a wingspan of about four inches.
 It is a disease that can't be prevented.
 It went just as we expected.
 That's too much of a good thing.
 That's very big of you.
 That's not a useful piece of information.
 It's for a friend of mine.
 That's my sole concern.
 That was cooked in oil.
 That's a useful piece of information.
 That is a useful piece of information.
 It's out of the question.
 It may give rise to serious trouble.
 That is out of the question.
 That'll complicate matters more.
 Is it made of wood or metal?
 It is more than I can stand.
 That sounds interesting.
 It was a manifest error of judgement.
 That is decidedly short of satisfactory.
 It is a matter of life or death.
 It is a good plan but hard to carry out.
 It's a bundle of contradictions.
 You can have it for nothing.
 It's free of charge.
 Your demands are unreasonable.
 It has resulted in nothing.
 It came to nothing.
 Let it hang.
 It sounds like a dream.
 It happened just when the curtain was falling.
 To all appearance it is true.
 It appeared to be a true story.
 It cannot be true.
 That cannot have been true.
 It's really a very useful thing; you ought to buy it.
 Can it really be mine?
 It has to be true.
 It was a really exciting baseball game.
 That's really a great idea.
 It is really wonderful.
 It can not be true.
 It can't be true.
 It turned out true.
 Can it be true?
 I think it's true.
 That might have been true.
 It turned out to be true.
 She said that it might be true.
 It may or may not be true.
 It may be true.
 It is a book.
 It is essentially a question of time.
 I want to do it myself.
 That is not exactly what I said.
 That is the same color as mine.
 Those are my trousers.
 It is on me.
 It was a great shock to me.
 It was too difficult for me.
 That is the sort of job I am cut out for.
 That'd be the last thing I want to do.
 It was the triumph of civilization over force.
 That's against the law.
 It is what the law ordains.
 It was a one-sided love affair.
 That is another matter.
 It casts mysterious shadows on the wall.
 I am tired of hearing it.
 I cannot let it go unchallenged.
 It's a fact you can't deny.
 That's powdered medicine.
 It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
 Is it used in order to keep things cold?
 It was a partial success.
 It was only a partial success.
 It is a hall rather than a room.
 It will do for ordinary purposes.
 It is located at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
 It is both good and cheap.
 It was a strange affair.
 That's hard to say.
 It is necessary.
 It must, of necessity, be postponed.
 Do it yourself by all means.
 It is not necessarily so.
 It is of great use.
 It was such a boring speech that I fell asleep.
 It's a very delicate question.
 It is used by a great many people.
 It was such an interesting book that I read it in a day.
 It's a matter of cost.
 It was told me under pledge of secrecy.
 Keep it quiet.
 It occurred to me that I should not keep it secret.
 It's a secret; don't give it away to anyone.
 It's secret.
 What a shame!
 It was a party to celebrate her birthday.
 I think she made up that story.
 It is an index of her character.
 It's an answer to her letter.
 It is hers, is it not?
 It is an insult to her.
 Does it bark at her?
 It has great weight with her.
 It was something she did not want to put into words.
 It was the first gold medal that she had won.
 It was a mistake on their part.
 It proved to be the deathblow to their plan.
 That shows his theoretical background.
 It is to his advantage.
 That is no business of his.
 It runs against his character.
 It is beginning to tell on him.
 That's his specialty.
 That does not accord with his statement.
 Ask him about it.
 It will do him no harm.
 It has had no effect on him.
 It was a purchase which he could not possibly afford.
 It is too easy a task for him.
 It was a very good experience for him.
 It is a matter of indifference to him.
 That applies to him too.
 It is he.
 It happened two days after he got back to Tokyo.
 It was a profession of his own choosing.
 It is the job of his own choosing.
 It was not his fault, for he did his best.
 It was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life.
 That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
 It is still immoral.
 It has developed into a very large city.
 It happened between eight and ten.
 That was an exciting game. Everybody was excited.
 It's white.
 That's just a cheap publicity stunt.
 That will fly on the market.
 I'm not going to sell it.
 It was a precious clock his grandmother, who was in the hospital, gave him.
 That is a custom proper to Japan.
 Is it Japanese food?
 That is the common occurrence in Japan.
 That's a tall order.
 It is a difficult problem.
 It isn't hard to do.
 I found the book easy.
 It contained harmful chemicals.
 It's neither good nor bad.
 It's not a road, but a path.
 It is a moral question.
 It is contrary to the morals.
 It's not a suitable topic for discussion.
 That's a hard question to answer.
 It serves you right.
 It is smaller than Tokyo.
 It's the only one there is in the shop.
 It is a typical Gothic church.
 That's beside the point.
 That's hindsight.
 That is a matter of degrees.
 It's in a small room at the end of garden.
 That's common sense.
 It is on the left side of the street.
 Is it a direct flight?
 You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
 He thought that it was like a bird cage.
 It is thirty meters in length.
 It was a long letter, but in brief, he said, "No."
 It was a long letter.
 Is it a butterfly or a moth?
 It will threaten the prosperity of the town.
 Does that price include breakfast?
 That's asking too much.
 It is reported in the local news.
 It is cheap, but on the other hand it is not good.
 It's merely a joke.
 It was simply an oversight.
 Through whom am I to make my complaint, then?
 I think it is a mere coincidence.
 Whose idea was it?
 It's the same for everyone.
 Anyone can do it easily.
 Anybody knows it.
 That's quite a problem.
 Please have someone else do it.
 It is of great value.
 It is such an old song that everybody knows it.
 It makes all the difference.
 It was a great success, ending in a long run.
 It is concerned with air pollution.
 It was a big black American warship.
 It was to a great extent his own fault.
 That is quite possible.
 That was of great help to me.
 It may well be true.
 That is a mere excuse for idleness.
 It is paramount to all the others.
 It's an artificial flower.
 It was a breath-taking close game.
 How many kilograms does it amount to?
 I think that is based on a lack of mutual understanding.
 It is a beautiful car, but it is not worth the price that I paid for it.
 That's a layman's idea.
 It has cost me $altogether.
 That's yen altogether.
 I don't like it at all.
 That's quite absurd.
 That makes no sense at all.
 That's quite another thing.
 That's absolute nonsense!
 That's altogether wrong.
 That's a completely unfounded rumor.
 That's an unusual thing, undoubtedly.
 That's quite to my taste.
 That's absolute nonsense.
 It is a sheer waste of time.
 That is not altogether false.
 You can't buy it under 1,yen.
 Leave that job to the experts!
 That's not absolutely certain.
 That was written by Taro Akagawa.
 It was shortened with advantage.
 It waited, silently.
 What exactly does that mean?
 It's the front gate.
 That requires the sanction of the government.
 It won't get anywhere.
 How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
 It's the fastest railroad in the world.
 It'll be forgotten in a few months' time.
 It was a sublime scenery.
 It is founded on supposition.
 It is beyond the boundary of human knowledge.
 It is beyond the boundaries of human intellect.
 That's a doll.
 This is a real popular item.
 No human power can manage that.
 The honor is more than I deserve.
 That is not the case.
 God knows that it is true.
 It really hit the spot.
 That is all right.
 That made a profound impression on me.
 It isn't new.
 It's new.
 It's a delicate problem.
 That requires careful consideration.
 That every one who believes in him may have eternal life.
 That is not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table.
 It is best left untouched.
 It is soft to the touch.
 It is merely an ornament.
 I just meant it as a joke.
 That's an excellent wine.
 It is not a matter to laugh about.
 It's quite distinct from the smell of burning.
 Is it baked?
 It'll cost at least five dollars.
 That didn't help them any.
 It was a pretty little house, strong and well-built.
 It became his habit by degrees.
 It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
 It was given to me by the Queen herself.
 That's news to me.
 That is a new story to me.
 Is it fine gold?
 Off it went.
 Since it's important, I'll attend to it.
 It needs to be repaired.
 That was the end of the class.
 You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
 That's like carrying coals to Newcastle.
 That will benefit the community.
 It will make for the society.
 It is just an act.
 It is in fact your fault.
 That is an actual fact.
 It's worthwhile carrying out the idea.
 It raises a red flag for businessmen.
 It is quite a grand view.
 It is really quite a good story.
 Far from being a failure, it was a great success.
 Is it yours?
 It's a dictionary.
 It is regarded as a matter of time.
 It's a waste of time.
 It's a waste of time and money.
 It sums up the situation pretty well.
 That's not the case.
 It was a great blow to us.
 It is a very difficult job for us.
 It gave me the creeps.
 It is abhorrent to me.
 That's my province.
 It is a task beyond my power.
 That's my affair.
 That is not my line.
 That's not the sort I'm looking for.
 It is a picture that I like very much.
 It's in my jacket pocket.
 That goes against my beliefs.
 It is beyond my power.
 That runs against my principles.
 That's my dictionary.
 That doesn't accord with my principle.
 That is the exactly the same idea as I have.
 It's for my personal use.
 It is outside my area of study.
 It is the factory, my brother works in.
 That is in my recollections.
 It fell short of my expectation.
 It's for my family.
 That is my own affair.
 Is it anything like mine?
 It isn't mine.
 It was the best experience in all my life.
 These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
 It's none of my business!
 It's a whole new ball game for me.
 It makes no difference to me.
 It is of little consequence to me.
 It is nothing to me.
 It seems very difficult for me.
 It's a wholly new experience for me.
 It was a revelation to me.
 It's too difficult for me.
 It was a nervous moment for me.
 It's all one to me.
 That's good news to me.
 That has nothing to do with me.
 That's one of the conventions of our daily life.
 It is not acceptable to our moral code.
 Does that mean you want to break up?
 It is like the air we breathe.
 That was the most interesting film that we had ever seen.
 It's me.
 It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
 That is because I got up late.
 It happened prior to my arrival.
 I am to blame for it.
 It's not something I'm very good at.
 It was my first night among strangers.
 That's what I said all along.
 That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.
 It's the best book that I've ever read.
 It is the tallest tree that I ever saw.
 That was the most moving film I had ever seen.
 It was the greatest joy that I have ever experienced.
 That is not what I meant to say.
 The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
 That's the last thing that I expected you to do.
 I may do; it would depend on circumstances at the time.
 That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard.
 That was quite an effort for a child.
 It is a childish act.
 It cannot be helped.
 It is only too true.
 It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
 It is a great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
 It's easy to make and it's cheap.
 It came out in yesterday's Sankei.
 Isn't that the most humane punishment for criminals?
 It is effective against bacterial infections.
 The beginning showed it.
 I think it's the best way.
 That's a matter of prime importance.
 It is a story made out of whole cloth.
 It's an embarrassing question.
 That is not the point in question.
 It will be done a week from today, that is, on May 3.
 It has nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
 It may occur at any moment.
 It is the in thing to do.
 That was the most exciting concert I have ever been to.
 It has become quite common.
 It will end in a waste of labor.
 Is it not black?
 It is too expensive for me to buy.
 It's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration.
 That's too expensive.
 We got a good price for that.
 It isn't expensive.
 It was nothing but the shadow of a tall tree.
 That is going too far.
 It simply doesn't bear thinking about.
 That's putting it mildly.
 That is most agreeable to the taste.
 This isn't fair.
 That's not a proper thing to say.
 That whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
 Won't it keep until later?
 It is like letting a tiger run loose.
 That's nothing but a figure of speech.
 You had better leave it unsaid.
 That goes without saying.
 It is saying too much.
 It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
 It was similar in some ways to soccer which is played today.
 I don't think that was a wise decision.
 It is horrible to see.
 It was a lovely sight to see.
 Leave it where you found it.
 It is not as good as it looks.
 It will only mean an endless debate.
 It is by no means an easy job.
 It is anything but big.
 It is no joke.
 That will never disappear.
 It is by no means certain.
 That'll be a cold day in hell.
 It is merely a matter of form.
 That's your funeral.
 That won't help you.
 You're better able to do it than I am.
 It will disturb you in your studies.
 That is a fruit of your effort.
 That's your responsibility.
 It is just your imagination.
 That is something you should not have said.
 It rests on your decision.
 It's your stereotyping.
 It is up to you.
 Is it near your house?
 That is the thing that concerns you.
 You can't mistake it.
 That has nothing to do with you.
 It is not so difficult as you think.
 That is because you always study hard.
 It was a chance meeting.
 It was a casual meeting.
 It happened by accident.
 Was it by accident or by design?
 It is an act of folly.
 It was shining in the sky.
 It can't be measured in terms of money.
 It is the correct approach to modern ski technique.
 It is not to be wondered at.
 That is surprising.
 They are the extreme cases.
 That is the principle problem next to education.
 It was a terrible accident.
 It's a terrible affair.
 It is great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
 It happened last October.
 That is the other way about.
 It admits of no doubt.
 That's a copy.
 It was the greatest earthquake on record.
 How did you like it?
 It is a stupendous project.
 It's a worrying matter.
 It will prove to be up to expectation.
 It produced strange visual effects.
 It is merely an imitation pearl.
 It was a flying saucer all right.
 It tasted sweet.
 Is it sweet or sour?
 It was a moving sight.
 It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
 It was a cold and rainy night, and there was not a soul in sight in the streets.
 I'll look forward to it.
 It's certainly a waste of time.
 Can I take your word for it?
 It will be a push-button war of nuclear missiles.
 That's stretching the point.
 Those words are mere diplomatic niceties.
 It came apart.
 It was found at the bottom of the river.
 It was a problem difficult to solve.
 It serves our purpose.
 It has an important influence upon our lives.
 That has no bearing on our plan.
 It was a blow to us.
 It will do harm to us.
 It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
 That will help revive a fashion of the past.
 You can do it at your leisure.
 It was one of the great discoveries in science.
 It shows the depth of his love for his family.
 It is neither good nor bad.
 It was ages ago.
 What is the story?
 What does it refer to?
 What a beautiful vase it is!
 What a long bridge it is!
 What an easy problem it is!
 What an animal it is!
 It is something like a ball.
 That may easily have been a mistake.
 It is cheaper than chemical fertilizers.
 It was none other than the king.
 It's in pencil so you can rub it out if you need to.
 You are acting beyond your position.
 Isn't that an English book?
 That's an incredible story.
 I put it in the drawer.
 It's the sound of secret minds.
 It is computed at 10,yen.
 It is made partly of wood.
 I'll be able to finish in a day or two.
 It is worthwhile to have a try at it.
 It's nothing but a kind of joke.
 How did it all come about?
 That, while regrettable, is true.
 It leaves nothing much to be desired.
 It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
 It was an event that proved extraordinary.
 I'm afraid you're mistaken.
 Wow! That's cheap!
 It was a nightmare.
 That is not quite what I wanted.
 I made it myself.
 It is an exciting night event.
 That is a studied insult.
 It interferes with our industrial development.
 It's against the rules.
 It's about kilometers from London.
 It looks like an apple.
 Do you fancy it is all right?
 That would lead to the production of more carbon dioxide, the main gas responsible for global warming.
 I'm not sure about that. It depends.
 That's an old trick.
 It smells delicious.
 I can't help it.
 It's worth a try.
 I think it's worth a try.
 It would be better to try.
 Keep it at a lower temperature.
 It is written in easy English.
 It must be done more carefully.
 I didn't mean to put that on there.
 It's already out of fashion.
 You should leave it for tomorrow.
 That's one level down.
 It was an event that occurred only rarely.
 It was hard as rock.
 It was like watching a slow motion movie.
 It sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience.
 It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
 That's quite meaningless.
 That is quite another matter.
 It was just as I thought.
 It's all up to you.
 That doesn't regard you at all.
 It happened completely by accident.
 It has nothing to do with you.
 It's not quite certain.
 It's entirely up to you.
 It is still in the testing stage.
 Let's reserve that for another occasion.
 It is nothing less than an insult to her.
 It is nothing less than an invasion.
 It was just something I read in a newspaper.
 It was nothing less than a miracle.
 It happened just like this.
 It was nothing but a joke.
 It's only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly.
 That was only a year ago.
 It was a very exciting game.
 It is sold by the pound.
 It makes little difference.
 It was meant as a compliment, so I didn't want to tell him that he had missed the point.
 It is next to impossible.
 It's almost over.
 It is of little value.
 That will do us a fat lot of good.
 It is Pochi's food.
 It is not far away from the hotel.
 It's a sunflower.
 That's terrible.
 That's very naughty of you.
 That is the same umbrella as I found on the bus.
 It fell to pieces.
 That is the same umbrella that I found on the bus.
 What an interesting story it is!
 How long it is!
 What a ridiculous opinion that is!
 That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
 What animal is it?
 What kind of play is it?
 Of what value is it?
 It's a trifling incident.
 That is a trivial problem.
 You find it in any dictionary.
 Which theater is that?
 Which gate is that?
 How long ago was that?
 Be that as it may, you are wrong.
 That was so good a book that I read it three times.
 This sounds very interesting.
 That was no ordinary storm.
 It was a most beautiful flower.
 It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
 It was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish.
 It was a very traditional ceremony.
 It was a very long meeting.
 It was a very big room.
 I think the film is a very heart warming one.
 It's beyond me.
 It was very expensive; in fact, I paid dollars.
 That gives me great pleasure.
 That's a very becoming hairstyle.
 It was a very slow train. It stopped at every little station.
 I cannot possibly do it.
 You can put it anywhere.
 You can get it at any bookseller's.
 Where is it hidden?
 It was used only from time to time.
 I cannot stomach it.
 I wouldn't be so sure about that.
 It's a TV.
 That's a delicate point.
 It must be hard for you.
 It happened quite recently.
 You're carrying this too far.
 It is too cruel, I should say.
 That sounds a little off.
 It's sort of strange.
 That was exactly what she intended.
 That's exactly what I want.
 It grew larger and larger.
 It moved closer and closer.
 I bought it at a giveaway price.
 That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
 That's just a yarn.
 I got it free.
 It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
 That's quite a story.
 It was such a shock.
 It's a hard, dirty job.
 It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
 That is not much of a problem.
 It is quite an achievement!
 I thought that would be a great idea.
 That's a splendid idea.
 It was a poor concert.
 I had rented it the day before.
 That is not what the narrative is about.
 I had bought it the week before.
 It was mismanagement of the company's affairs by the acting director.
 What time is it, anyway?
 By the way, do you know a good restaurant around here?
 Gee, I wish I had that problem.
 It is at best a second-rate hotel.
 It was a daring adventure, full of thrill and excitement.
 They were all sold out.
 It all depends on the weather.
 It was all our fault.
 It all came to nothing.
 That's a brilliant idea.
 It's a wonderful work of art.
 That's a great idea.
 He cried, "That's good!"
 That's a bright idea.
 It was all covered with dust.
 That was some storm.
 It's a very slow business.
 That was a fearful scene.
 You'd better not do it.
 That is no fault of Jack's.
 Aside from that, is there anything else you want?
 That's opportunism, pure and simple.
 That's a cheerful remark.
 It was like this.
 It has some bearing on this problem.
 It has no bearing on this problem.
 It was a parade with a capital P.
 That is an internal affair of this country.
 It came about in this way.
 This is how it all came about.
 That pool really looks inviting.
 It shows white from here.
 It's just another story.
 Do it in this manner.
 It's junk. Throw it away.
 It's a strange story, but every word of it is true.
 And not only that, the goods in the company shop were usually more expensive than elsewhere.
 It's a long, long time since my girl's been gone.
 It is quite a big number.
 It was the best play that I had ever seen.
 It is the one you used to hear when you were a little child.
 It was used for raking together heaps of money.
 That's too bad. Please take care of yourself.
 It's an interesting piece of news.
 It is a kind of orange.
 That's interesting, but beside the point.
 It's a matter of etiquette.
 It is, as it were, a life and death problem.
 That's what we call an "otoshidama".
 When does it begin?
 That was, as it were, part of the job.
 Tell me when it came about.
 What ever can that be?
 It has a pleasant odor.
 I have no idea how much it costs.
 I think it's a good idea.
 You made a good decision.
 That'd be nice. What about inviting John and Mary?
 It happened one night.
 It's not a thing one can well boast of.
 It was on a Christmas when it snowed heavily.
 It is true in a sense.
 It's a possible story.
 Is that a common name?
 They are nature's laboratory for all kinds of plant, animal and insect life.
 It is true of every case.
 It was named after the first American president.
 It is not very polite, either.
 It's not worth much.
 That's really sad.
 That's too good a story to be true.
 The bus ran on the long and winding road.
 It is none of your business.
 Don't you think this is a good opportunity to show off your talents?
 Is it a general custom in your country?
 It hangs on your decision.
 I will put it down to your account.
 It will bring down trouble on your family.
 That is not your knife.
 That will give you a vivid impression.
 That's too small to fit on your head.
 That's a job of your own choosing, isn't it?
 That depends on whether you are interested or not.
 It begins at six-thirty.
 It's enough for five days.
 It was less than fifty dollars.
 It is four centimeters thick.
 It was three days ago.
 It happened three years later, that is in 1965.
 It goes around the sun in days.
 I calculated that it would cost dollars.
 That reads two different ways.
 It was a ship with a crew of sailors.
 It was about twenty dollars.
 It will cost around 10,yen.
 I'll be able to finish it in a day or two.
 It can be done in a day.
 It will be finished in a day or two.
 It was due a week ago, namely on April second.
 It will cost around fifteen dollars.
 There is one big difference.
 It happened at a quarter past eleven.
 It was a one hundred dollar bill.
 That won't work.
 This is too important to overlook.
 It was for anyone who wanted to know what he and other scientists were doing.
 They are now widely used for communication, calculation, and other activities.
 Does that price include tax?
 It's the same to me.
 I meant it as a joke.
 It is the most artistic picture I have ever taken.
 It is because it can't hope for a success if it isn't healthy.
 What is it?
 It's my favorite food.
 It was an exciting story and he told it well.
 It is called sick humor.
 It was named after Frankfurt, a German city.
 It means trying hard, even if we make mistakes.
 It is in order to hear your voice well.
 It was a delightful bit of nonsense.
 It is characteristic of him.
 It was Sir Anthony's eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket.
 It left at two, reaching Rome at four.
 You establish the property right by paying for it.
 Tell me the right answer to it.
 Its color is red.
 It is impossible to overemphasize its importance.
 It will cost about yen to repair it.
 Do you pay for it in cash or by check?
 We will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5%.
 I couldn't think of anything better than that.
 Take hold of it. We're going to pull it.
 It has no parallel.
 And since she refused to accept it, she had been living in extreme discomfort, exclaiming: "Why should we spend all the capital we are ever likely to have tying ourselves down to a place we detest!"
 I don't remember agreeing to that.
 Nothing can be better than that.
 Nor am I ashamed to confess my ignorance.
 He put all his heart and soul into it.
 It is you that are to blame for it.
 Count me in.
 Why don't we shake on it?
 Let's shake on it.
 Keep away from that.
 As regards the expense involved, it is of no concern to me.
 My memory of that is still vivid.
 I can not agree with you as regards that.
 With respect to that, I agree with you.
 I took a taxi to get there in time.
 It puts a different complexion on the situation.
 I remember hearing a very similar story to that.
 And yet he could pass the exam.
 Add more water to it.
 She is charming for all that.
 She accepted our offer notwithstanding.
 You mustn't touch it, because it'll break easily.
 Will there be an extra charge for that?
 Does that include breakfast?
 It has no absolute and universal significance.
 There is not a ray of truth in it.
 You mustn't touch it.
 Is there a service charge for that?
 It has my name on it.
 I have lost interest in it.
 It needs exercise.
 There can be no doubt whatever about it.
 I didn't notice it.
 It has a great many words borrowed from foreign languages.
 It would provoke a saint.
 I have some doubts about it.
 It has a value all its own.
 Let's talk about it after school.
 I found it something of a disappointment.
 It will require substantial time and financial resources.
 He was stiff about it.
 They learned all there was to know about it.
 Why not talk it over with your teacher?
 I don't have anything about which to write.
 Don't conceal what you feel about it.
 I don't understand much about it.
 I'll give you a day to think about it.
 I will say something about it.
 It is no use arguing about it.
 Do you have any complaint about it?
 Do you have any ideas about it?
 May I make a suggestion about it?
 Please think it over and let me know your decision.
 Could you explain it in more detail?
 He knows hardly anything about it.
 She had no way to know about it.
 I have simply nothing to say about it.
 There is no doubt whatever about it.
 You may take my word for it.
 There seems no doubt about it.
 I cannot agree with you as regards that.
 What do you think about it?
 It is you that is to blame for it.
 All my doubts about it have been driven away.
 I put great value on your knowledge about it.
 How did you see that?
 I want him to be informed about that in advance.
 And when you talk to me, take off your hat.
 I paid dollars for it.
 I had to pay the bill to the tune of ten dollars.
 And just think, you're on the other side of the world.
 And you didn't even say that we've arrived!
 And of course, a speaker usually communicates in two ways, orally as well as through gestures.
 And, they've already torn up the garden.
 And, we get each other's company to boot.
 In that case, I'll change my mind.
 We can have that for you by tomorrow; no sweat.
 You should've said so earlier.
 Well, I'll be happy to loan you the money.
 Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
 Or do you have to take the bus?
 This and that are two different stories.
 Or would it be like falling asleep?
 That added to his unhappiness.
 What do you mean by it?
 Well, what happened to her?
 So they were not able to dream.
 That is why he failed the exam.
 That's when we learned that the main post office was on fire and that they had kidnapped our president.
 So the captain took care of him.
 It accounts for the fact.
 You've done more than enough.
 That accounts for the accident.
 That is why I am angry with him.
 That will save me the trouble of writing to him.
 It made my hair stand on end.
 So we are saving up in order to buy them.
 And so each citizen plays an indispensable role.
 That's the last straw!
 That is all right, so far as I am concerned.
 That would be fine.
 So what are you implying?
 That altered the aspect of the case.
 And what do you do?
 That leaves no room for doubt.
 So a new problem soon became apparent.
 He was punished all the same.
 Nevertheless, the topic is worth discussing.
 It is none the less true.
 But somehow, he managed to stagger to the doors.
 Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
 All the same, we still need a scientific account of how exactly pains are caused by brain processes.
 That's reversing the logical order of things.
 That would give him a terrible lead over me.
 That will do me well.
 Well, let's talk turkey.
 That would leave me in a fix.
 Let us turn now to the fundamental issue.
 See you at two this afternoon.
 That's against the contract.
 That will put you in danger.
 Now let's hurry to school.
 The angle would be too narrow.
 That means sure death!
 It will get you nowhere.
 Now let me entertain you with music.
 That's quite another thing to what you promised.
 Well, I must be going.
 And open your textbook at page ten.
 Uh, will you excuse me?
 Custom, then, is the great guide of human life.
 Does that mean you won't come?
 Well, let's make it some other time.
 That accounts for why the door was open.
 That will save me a lot of trouble.
 It proved the truth of the rumor.
 In that case, I think you should come in today.
 That absolves me from further responsibility.
 Then you just have to fill out this card.
 That's what I expected of my daughter.
 And he calls himself a sailor.
 That's why you were always healthy.
 It may be all right.
 And she misses them very much.
 That's why I recommend him for the post.
 Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
 And so, knowledge from the past, mixed up with assumptions about that knowledge, which may be more or less appropriate, is used to augment information provided by the senses.
 Then an argument developed between some of John's disciples and a certain Jew about purification.
 And I testify that this is the Son of God.
 And where is the money coming from?
 So, the assistant returned $to each man.
 You've got your priorities backwards.
 People don't say that anymore.
 Is it like "Dirty Harry"?
 How do you feel about it?
 What'll they think of next?
 Those animals were in danger of dying out.
 That will let you blow off steam.
 I would do anything but that.
 Do you have enough information to go on?
 No, that's all.
 That would be sufficient.
 It is all I want to do.
 That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting.
 I like her all the better for that.
 I like him all the better for it.
 They've all gone to see the film.
 Each way of sleeping is likely to produce a different kind of adult.
 Cultures have a coherent view of the world.
 Put price labels on each individual item.
 How much wheat does each field yield?
 Each player did his best.
 Each child was given a present.
 It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
 Each muscle shows perfect teamwork.
 Each item was described in painstaking detail.
 It is like casting pearls before swine.
 Women, then, are only children of a larger growth.
 Then, I'll be leaving you.
 Then that means I lost everything.
 Then, how about a baseball game?
 Then, please give him this note. This is urgent.
 Well then, I'll have chicken.
 That would make it impossible for him to save face.
 That's just the thing I had in mind!
 That is what the British people expect of their Queen.
 I know that much myself.
 I do not know whether it is good or not.
 I don't know if it is good.
 Down it came and away went the day.
 I will judge whether it is superior or not.
 I'll be hanged if that's true.
 If that is true, then he is not responsible for the accident.
 I admit it to be true.
 I do not deny but that it is true.
 I could not persuade him that it was true.
 Let's ask if it's true.
 That is a characteristic inherent in him.
 That accounts for her delay.
 That threw adequate light on his feelings toward her.
 That accounts of her delay.
 That is what they study English for.
 That's the cause of his failure.
 That was the source of his troubles.
 That was the time when he came.
 I was surprised to find it on fire.
 That's thieves' cant.
 I've forgotten whether it was Saturday or Sunday.
 That is what I want to know.
 That's all.
 It was the last battle that ended the war.
 I do want it.
 That is the way of the world.
 That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.
 We parents sometimes become blind in loving our children too much.
 Let's suppose it's true.
 You'd better make sure that it is true.
 They won't believe me even if I swear it is true.
 That is why women keep their career without marriage.
 Oneself decides whether it is important.
 Granting that it is true, it does not concern me.
 I am quite clear that it is a fact.
 That's what we want to know.
 Those were the saddest hours of my life.
 That is really a load off my mind.
 I'm ready to admit that it was my fault.
 It's my favorite song.
 That's the point.
 That is the most I can do.
 What has that to do with me?
 That's the best way we can do now.
 That is what I have wanted to buy.
 That is all I have.
 That is how I learned English.
 It was the first time that I visited the museum.
 That is why I could not come here.
 That's the best approach to the study of English.
 It's the best score up to now.
 That's the way it is.
 It was lucky for you that you found it.
 You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
 I'll let you know when it has been decided.
 That is your major problem.
 If it is useful for improving your life, it cannot be done too soon.
 Is that your most favorite golf club?
 Is that what you have in mind?
 I know the exact time when that happened.
 Is that your carry-on?
 There is a strong presumption against its truth.
 That's an overly optimistic view.
 You find that it is shaped by science.
 I don't know what it is.
 Goodness knows what it was.
 I have an idea what it is.
 It turned out all for the best.
 Some think it is based on love, others on control.
 Then the wild beasts start wanting to go crazy.
 Then he got dressed, stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase, and ran down the stairs.
 She then proceeded to negotiate with her bank.
 Then she began to walk again.
 Then she was floating on her back.
 Then they fly round to the Indian Ocean and down to Antarctica.
 Then he said hello to the old man in the same language.
 He took off his glasses after that.
 Then he lay on the same bed.
 Then he kicked the ball strongly.
 There followed a long silence.
 Then I walked upstairs to the dressing rooms.
 My name's not 'girl,' either.
 I'd like to know the rest of the story.
 Then we came to Kyoto, where we stayed for a week.
 Then we visited Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States of America.
 He died three days after.
 What did you do then?
 Then she hurried home.
 Pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors; and they surveyed a line in front of my grandmother's little house.
 Then the bus left the town and drove along a country road.
 Then I'd take the nickel out.
 It then became necessary to settle the best route for the line to follow; and that was determined, in the first place, by the shape of the land it had to cross.
 Nobody has seen him ever since.
 After eight months, he eventually started dating girls again.
 Then clean it really well.
 It was not until five years later that I heard of his marriage.
 On the third day a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee.
 Every day grandfather and grandmother gave the kitten plenty of milk, and soon the kitten grew nice and plump.
 Then we shook hands and said good-bye.
 Then, she began to cry but with no tears.
 Then he began working at Cambridge and developing many more ideas about the nature of the universe.
 Then, with a final, terrible scream, the monster flung itself off the mountain to its death on the rocks below.
 Then he stretched his legs and settled back in his seat.
 Then, a shout was raised.
 And then the Romans came in B. C.
 Then he went back over it to make sure it was right.
 This is the only possible time for doing that.
 That is just her way.
 That's exactly what he said.
 That is exactly what I wanted to buy.
 Whoever wants it may take it.
 I made up my mind to do the work however hard it may be.
 I have no idea of what it is like.
 I can not seem to explain to you how difficult it is.
 We hardly realize how important it is.
 I gained a clear picture of how it works.
 I have a rough idea where it is.
 He did not realize where it had come from.
 Is this Canadian money?
 I counted the days to see when it had happened.
 I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
 This is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
 Search your pockets again to make sure of it.
 But you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going.
 That is why so many people are suffering from famine.
 Are you making a pass at me?
 What do you mean by that?
 What does it mean?
 Let me try it.
 That looks like the work of a virus.
 That comes in handy.
 It's not a little money.
 Well, you got a point there.
 Here's the bus.
 There! She comes!
 Clouds formed in the sky.
 Look at those flowers trembling in the breeze.
 A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond.
 The breeze kissed her face.
 A gentle wind is blowing.
 If he comes at all, it will be surprising.
 The fact is that they are talking.
 Is there an existing meaning if the person in charge does not take the responsibility to begin with?
 Most accidents, after all, happen around the corner, not in the rainforest.
 I'm surprised you came at all.
 In any case why was it only mine that had a line in the LCD?
 In the first place, why do the birds migrate at all?
 You shouldn't have come here to begin with.
 I feel sleepy when I listen to soft music.
 Do you have any soft drinks?
 We would like to buy a sofa.
 Sophie had been looking forward to getting another letter from the unknown sender.
 It took a lot of effort to carry the sofa upstairs.
 The couch is in the foreground next to the table.
 It's on the sofa.
 The cushions on the sofa don't match those on the armchairs.
 The woman who is sitting on the sofa is my grandmother.
 Sit on the sofa and make yourself comfortable.
 May I lie on the sofa?
 Don't come near me. I have a cold.
 Sit on the sofa and feel at ease.
 He revealed the secret to her when nobody was by.
 The dusty track descends to a valley.
 The vague rumor proved to be false.
 The clever doctor could cure many illnesses.
 The clever doctor was able to cure the Prime Minister's illness.
 The topic is worth discussing.
 The story reminds me of a certain sight.
 Tell me the story.
 There was no one but wept to hear the story.
 I couldn't help laughing when I heard that story.
 The story turned my blood cold.
 When they heard the story, they burst into laughter.
 The story reminded me of my father.
 The story left him unmoved.
 It would take a long time to tell the whole story.
 Many a man believes the story.
 Please tell me the story in detail.
 Tell us the story from beginning to end.
 His heart was pounding as he told me that.
 Tell me about it. I'm all ears.
 A friend told me that story.
 The story was amusing.
 The story appears to be true.
 The story sounds true.
 The story didn't sound true.
 The story was true.
 The statement sounds improbable.
 The story turned out to be true.
 The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
 The story may sound strange, but it is true.
 The story brought tears to her eyes.
 The story is based on his own experience.
 That story is household legend.
 I have heard the story.
 The story was handed down from father to son.
 The story is consistent with the evidence.
 The story is not in accord with the facts.
 The story shows us an interesting fact.
 The story is very interesting to me.
 That story brings to mind the person I met in New York.
 Let the matter drop.
 The story is full of humor.
 I've gadded enough of that story.
 The story was very interesting.
 The story had a happy ending.
 The story reminds me of an experience I had long ago.
 The topic is taboo here.
 You may depend upon it that the story is exaggerated.
 The story was in all daily newspapers.
 The story goes back to the sixteenth century.
 It began late one Sunday afternoon, deep in the woods.
 The truth of the story is familiar to you all.
 Part of the story is true.
 You haven't heard the half of it yet.
 The story affected us deeply.
 Both stories are true.
 The saddest part of the story remains to be told.
 The story cannot be true.
 I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.
 I don't know whether the story is true or not.
 There is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience.
 I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
 The article deserves careful study.
 Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
 That dispute has been settled once and for all.
 The debate continues into the 1980s and 1990s.
 The old lady has been rather feeble since her illness.
 We sided with him in the controversy.
 The old woman fell and could not get up.
 The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
 The old lady smiled at her granddaughter.
 The old woman gave me two interesting books.
 The old lady was devoted to her dog.
 The old woman seemed ready to fall down at any second.
 The old woman is getting better and is being taken good care of by a nurse from the hospital.
 The old lady walked slowly up the hill.
 The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
 The old woman was nearly run over.
 The old woman knitted her brows.
 The old woman has no one to wait on her.
 The old lady will often wait for her son in vain at the station.
 The old couple sat side by side.
 The old couple gave up their son for lost.
 The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
 The old woman fell an easy prey to the fraud.
 The old couple had no children.
 Fever and constant coughing weakened the old lady.
 The old woman lends money at the rate of three percent.
 The old man is blind in one eye.
 The old man stood still at the gate.
 The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
 The old man is the epitome of kindness.
 The old man looks sad.
 The old man gave her a small doll.
 The old man drew a large crowd around him by his music.
 The old man lives on his pension.
 The old man lived by himself.
 The old man walked across the road carefully.
 The old man had a noble countenance.
 The old man fell down on the ground.
 The old man caught a big fish.
 The old man was accompanied by his grandchild.
 The old man stands aloof from this world.
 The old man tripped over his own feet.
 The old man died last week.
 The old man has lived here all his life.
 The old man lost the will to live.
 The old man lost his will to live.
 The old man kept to himself.
 Did the old man get lost in the forest?
 The old man leaned on his staff.
 The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
 The old man prefers horse carriages to cars.
 The old man sometimes talks to himself.
 The old man asked me the time.
 The old man told me a strange story.
 The old man begged me for money.
 The old man spoke to me in French.
 The old man left a large fortune to his wife.
 The old man freed the little fox from the trap.
 That old man is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
 The old man sat down.
 The old man looked wise.
 The old man was not as mean as he looked.
 The old man was fast asleep when the bear came.
 The old man has enough money.
 The old man possesses great wealth.
 The old man stood on the hill.
 The old man was sitting there, with crossed legs.
 The old man is hard to please.
 The old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
 The old man was starved to death.
 The old man said something.
 The old man lives by himself.
 The old man predicted our success.
 The old man made out his will.
 The old man stopped suddenly and looked back.
 The old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth.
 The old man was loved by everyone.
 The old man served the king for many years.
 The old man died of cancer.
 The old man was taken in by a salesman.
 The old man tends to exaggerate.
 The old man is wise and knows many things about life.
 The old man was always looking back on the good old days.
 The old man is above ninety.
 The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
 The old man lived in the three-room apartment.
 The old man had his only son die three years ago.
 The old man retired from public life ten years ago.
 The old man sat in the chair with his eyes closed.
 The old man was hard of hearing.
 The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry.
 The old man is always accompanied by his grandson.
 Those old people manufacture men's clothes.
 The old doctor takes pride in his work.
 The old man got in her way.
 The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient.
 The union exerts a dominant influence on the conservative party.
 The workman died from the explosion.
 The train arrived on schedule.
 The train was overturned.
 The train runs between Tokyo and Kagoshima.
 The train arrived on time.
 The train is running fast.
 The train will arrive at the station before noon.
 The train is bound for Niigata.
 The train arrived safely at the station a few minutes ago.
 There is the train at o'clock.
 The train is traveling at the rate of miles an hour.
 The train makes miles an hour.
 The train was crowded with high school students.
 The train departs at 7:a.m.
 The train will pass Motomachi Station.
 The train stops at every station.
 The train is bound for London.
 How fast the train is running!
 All the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started.
 How fast the train runs!
 The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
 The train gained speed.
 From which station does the train leave?
 The train is always on time.
 The train has already left.
 The train was to reach Paris at 8.
 The train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up.
 The train pulled out two hours ago.
 The train is twenty minutes behind time.
 The train was ten minutes behind time.
 The train will arrive at ten o'clock.
 I hurried so as not to miss the train.
 You will miss the train.
 There are very few passengers in the train.
 There went a lot of people in the line.
 Bring the frozen fish here.
 Take the apple and divide it into halves.
 The apple is not yet ripe.
 Please show me the green shirt.
 I am not such a fool but can appreciate it.
 The good news cheered me up.
 Will the therapy cause me any pain?
 The hunter aimed at the bird, but missed.
 The hunter went deep into the forest, never to return.
 The cook was astonished at his incredible appetite.
 The dish told on my stomach.
 The dish smells good.
 The food is always arranged so artistically.
 The food seems very delicious.
 The parents expected too much of their son.
 There are signs of growing tensions between the two countries.
 The two countries differ in religion and culture.
 The two countries do not have diplomatic relations.
 The traveler stopped at the soldier's challenge.
 The traveler fainted from hunger, but soon he came to.
 The traveler arrived in New York in the evening.
 The trip will cost anywhere between $and $2000.
 Who planned that trip?
 The trip will take at least five days.
 The trip will take at least a week.
 The journey, as I recall it, was long and tedious.
 The trip cost me a lot.
 The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
 The trip calls for a lot of money.
 Whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather.
 The trip gave us no end of pleasure.
 The journey greatly added to his store of knowledge.
 The fashion will soon lose favor.
 The candidate was disappointed at the outcome of the election.
 The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
 The theory is based on thorough research.
 The theory is too abstract for me.
 The theory is generally accepted.
 This theory will bear examination.
 The theory is not accepted.
 The theory is not accepted yet.
 This theory originated with a twenty-eight-year-old physicist.
 The barber gave him a haircut.
 One of the reasons is the difference between Japan and other countries in their attitudes toward education.
 The storm did great damage to her property.
 The storm destroyed the whole town.
 The stormy weather was dreadful.
 The new boy had a nervous stammer.
 My uncle was coming to see us the next day.
 The next day John was there again with two of his disciples.
 The next day he went away.
 The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
 The dancer whirled around the hall.
 The demand was summarily rejected.
 Do not give in to those demands.
 They set up their backs against the claim.
 The leaves turn red in the fall.
 Can the matter wait till tomorrow?
 That dress matches her red hair.
 The dress has a beautiful contrast between red and white.
 Such a thing occurs frequently.
 The infant has been exposed to radioactive rays.
 The little boy sat on his father's shoulders.
 We may not be able to afford it.
 The extra room proved very useful when we had visitors.
 I'll get in touch with you again when I know more clearly about that plan.
 The prophecy came to pass.
 The prediction was falsified by the result.
 That evening tea was partaken of in a grim silence.
 The dinner was superior in quality to the one he ate this evening.
 We had a very good time at the dinner.
 The eloquent campaigner was elected hands down.
 The male ape is intelligent by nature.
 It took ten years to build the amusement park.
 The wealthy family built another large house.
 There were a lot of people who came to ask after the famous actress.
 The famous conductor lives in New York.
 The famous doctor made a speech on AIDS.
 That voter, Mary Johnson, turned out to be a Democrat.
 I felt profound reverence for the courageous mother.
 The brave captain saved his ship.
 His brave deeds brought him a medal.
 The brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand.
 The well delivers a great deal of oil.
 The manufacturer of the medicine is a Japanese company.
 As soon as he took the medicine, his fever went down.
 It is advisable for you to take the medicine.
 The medicine made me very sleepy.
 Put that medicine out of the baby's reach.
 The medicine did wonders for his health.
 The medicine decreased his pain.
 The medicine had a wonderful effect on him.
 The medicine didn't do me any good.
 We haven't tried the drug out on humans yet.
 If it is wrongly used, the medicine will be a poison.
 The medicine tastes bitter.
 The medicine worked marvels.
 The medicine seemed to have no effect on the patient.
 Does the medicine act on the stomach?
 That medicine worked well for me.
 The drug acts like magic.
 The medicine had an immediate effect.
 Does the medicine act quickly?
 The drug acted quickly.
 The effect of the medicine was amazing.
 The medicine took effect.
 The effects of the drug are intense but brief.
 The medicine relieved him of his stomach-ache.
 It's marvelous how quickly the medicine relieved my pain.
 The medicine saved her life.
 The medicine gave instant relief.
 The medicine made me sleepy.
 The medicine hastened the process of growth.
 The promise still holds.
 The official got the sack for currying favor with the contractors.
 The official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies.
 I've never heard of the actor.
 The official could not deal with the complaint himself.
 The arrow fell wide of the mark.
 The ambitious man became intoxicated with his own success.
 The fields abound in wild flowers.
 The baseball match will come off next week.
 The baseball game got more exciting with each inning.
 It was decided that the ball game be put off.
 The baseball game was called off because of rain.
 The baseball game was called off on account of the rain.
 The baseball game ended in a draw.
 The baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end.
 The spectators at the baseball match cheered their team on.
 Who is the manager of that baseball team?
 The manager of the baseball team is very strict. He is good at keeping the players in hand.
 The baseball team is certain to win the next game.
 I haven't yet had time to see about a hotel for the night.
 I met her late in the evening.
 We banqueted on lobster that night.
 It was cloudy that night.
 The night was very still.
 The night was so chilly that when I returned I was almost frozen.
 The night was so cold.
 We spent most of the evening talking about our vacation.
 Inside the tent that night she shivered with cold.
 She had gone to the concert that evening.
 They were very tired, hungry, and thirsty that night.
 The sky was full of clouds that night.
 A fire broke out during that night.
 The gate is too narrow for a car.
 The gate was too narrow for the truck.
 The gate is closed at eight.
 The gate is closed all the year round.
 Examine the question in its entirety.
 Let's talk over the matter.
 While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
 You should consider the problem.
 Let's look at the problem from a different point of view.
 A committee has been set up to investigate the problem.
 That problem was accepted.
 We discussed the problem freely.
 Why don't you look into the problem yourself? It's your responsibility.
 Please bring the matter forward at the next meeting.
 I'll reconsider the matter.
 I solved the problem easily.
 The resolution to the problem was close at hand.
 Not a few pupils could solve the problem.
 It was easy for him to solve the problem.
 I found it difficult to solve the problem.
 The problem is difficult to solve.
 It is easy for me to solve the problem.
 It is not easy to solve the problem.
 I found it easy to solve the problem.
 It is easy to solve the problem.
 The solution of the problem took me five minutes.
 It was impossible for him to solve the problem.
 He was the only boy who solved the problem.
 It was clever of Bob to solve that problem.
 I have read a good many books to discover what the authorities had to say that made the matter a little plainer.
 Tell me how to solve the problem.
 She promised to look into the matter immediately.
 We must deal with the problem instantly.
 I'll check further into the matter.
 We shouldn't leave the matter unsettled.
 Don't trifle with the matter.
 We must consider the question from every aspect.
 Why not turn the matter over in your mind?
 Let's leave the problem until tomorrow.
 The problem remains unsolved.
 I found the problem uncomplicated.
 The matter is of great importance.
 The problem perplexed him.
 She could solve the problem, and so could I.
 The problem is being discussed by them.
 We can get over the problem without difficulty.
 The problem is too difficult to solve.
 The problem was too difficult for me to solve.
 The problem was under discussion.
 That problem has been shelved for the time being.
 The question is not so easy that everyone can answer it.
 The problem puzzled the public.
 The question was much discussed.
 The question began to assume a new character.
 That question is under discussion.
 The matter is of no importance.
 We won't take up the problem.
 The problem tortured the chief.
 That problem naturally invited debate.
 We will deal with that question in the next lesson.
 The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
 The problem will be on the carpet at the next meeting.
 The problem has more to do with you than with me.
 The problem was beyond my reach.
 The problem is beyond the scope of my understanding.
 The problem is outside my field.
 The problem is beyond my power.
 Leave the matter to me. I'll see to it.
 Leave the matter to me.
 The problem was too much for me.
 The question doesn't concern me.
 The problem was beyond me.
 The matter is of great importance to me.
 The problem bears heavily on us.
 The problem began to assume an international character.
 The problem is not worth consideration.
 The matter should be tried in public.
 Let's leave that matter for later.
 The problem is far from easy.
 You should consider the problem before coming to a decision.
 The problem exacted a great effort to solve it.
 The problem is as good as settled.
 I considered the problem as settled.
 You couldn't solve the problem, could you?
 This problem is difficult to solve.
 I found it easy to answer the question.
 The question was hotly disputed in the meeting.
 The problem closely relates to our everyday life.
 The problem is not as simple as it might seem at first sight.
 The committee were discussing the problem.
 The question is before the committee.
 I found the problem was easy.
 Look into the matter more carefully.
 The problem will soon be dealt with.
 The issue fell between the cracks.
 The problem still remains to be solved.
 The subject has not yet been fully explored.
 The problem is not settled yet.
 Let the problem alone.
 The problem defies solution.
 The problem was so difficult that I could not solve it.
 The problem was very difficult.
 The problem is important on that account.
 The problem was being discussed by the committee.
 The problem has arisen from your ignorance of the matter.
 The matter is all settled.
 Subject closed.
 The problems are inherent in this system.
 The problems are easier than those I did yesterday.
 The question excited much controversy.
 The problem will resolve itself eventually.
 The problem is being discussed now.
 We will talk over the matter later.
 There are complicated circumstances behind the matter.
 He's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter.
 He's racking his brains over how to deal with the matter.
 You must bring home to her the importance of the matter.
 The importance of this matter cannot be over-emphasized.
 Please tell me the answer to the question.
 We differed as to the solution to the problem.
 The problem remains to be solved.
 A resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
 Have you found any clues to the problem?
 The solution of the problem took three years.
 Let's try another approach to the matter.
 There's no one here who can deal with the problem.
 My answer to the problem came out wrong.
 Your answer to the question is not correct.
 I concentrated my attention on the subject.
 His remarks on the subjects are much to the point.
 Listen to the facts relative to the issue.
 As far as this matter is concerned, I am satisfied.
 So far as this matter is concerned, I am completely satisfied.
 We should do justice to both sides on that issue.
 With regard to the problem, they have another opinion.
 There are books and books on the subject.
 I disagree with you on the matter.
 That gives me a headache!
 The problem was beset with difficulties.
 There must be some solution to the problem.
 The question permits of only one interpretation.
 Let's discuss the problem.
 Let's debate with each other about the matter.
 Let's discuss the problem with them.
 I consulted him about the matter.
 I had to think about the problem for quite a while before I saw daylight.
 He turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it.
 I have nothing to say with regard to that problem.
 Please think about the problem.
 The more I thought about the problem, the more difficult it seemed.
 I don't have anything to say on that subject.
 I have my own thoughts on that subject.
 The problem was the death of me.
 Don't dwell too much upon the subject.
 His remarks on the subject are much to the point.
 The issue divided the senators.
 A conflict of opinions arose over the matter.
 My memory is blank on the subject.
 They are discussing the problem.
 The problem has come to the fore again.
 Whether the problem is important or unimportant, you must solve it.
 I defy you to solve the problem.
 If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
 That aim is impossible to attain.
 We concluded that mutual aid was essential for attaining the goal.
 Their purpose is to help the poor in any place where they live.
 I'm at a loss about what to do with the mess.
 The blind men walked slowly.
 The trees have exuberant foliage.
 What happens to all the wood?
 Don't cut down those trees.
 The tree was blown down.
 The tree cast a long shadow.
 The tree cast a shadow across the road.
 The tree has too many twigs and branches.
 The tree fell over in the typhoon.
 The tree is four feet around.
 The trees are barren or bear only small fruit.
 The tree is abundant in fruit.
 The tree was ready to fall down.
 The tree thrusts its branches far and wide.
 The tree was clearly defined against the sky.
 The tree is in bud.
 The tree stands higher than the roof.
 The tree stands even with the roof.
 The tree is about as high as the roof.
 The tree fell down by itself.
 The tree grows very quickly.
 The tree grew very tall.
 The trees are planted at intervals of thirty meters.
 The tree throws a shadow on the grass.
 The tree is green all year round.
 All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
 The leaves of the tree turned yellow.
 It is pleasant to sleep under the tree.
 I cut a branch from the tree.
 Can you climb the tree?
 The tree was struck by lightning.
 The tree was heavy with fruit.
 There are plenty of oranges on the tree.
 Discussing the matter further will get you nowhere.
 The colors of the pattern are very ordinary.
 The niece looks like her aunt.
 The good news brought tears to her eyes.
 This superstition still lingers on among them.
 There is nothing for me to do except to obey the order.
 Some soldiers were reluctant to obey the commands.
 I don't believe I've heard that name.
 The name rang a bell in me.
 Its name is Ken.
 No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
 That name struck a chord.
 Both girls have blue eyes.
 The girl has a soft heart.
 The girl screamed with fear, which we all shared.
 The girl burst into tears.
 That girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self-possessed men.
 None of the girls are students.
 The anarchist is apt to lose his temper.
 The independent candidate took the abortion issue off his platform.
 The dream has come true.
 The dream was a mystery to me.
 The dream has become a reality.
 Look at the sleeping baby.
 The democrat endeavored to accomplish his aim by himself.
 The widow had to get through a lot of hardships.
 The widow was dressed in black.
 The widow suffered from stomach cancer.
 The translation was true to the original.
 The skyscraper rose above the other buildings around.
 The translation is quite true to the original.
 The translation is true to the original.
 The translation was nicely true to the original.
 The bookshelf is built in.
 Did you read the whole book?
 Please send the book by mail.
 I'll send the book by mail.
 I must get the book back from him.
 I got the book back from him.
 I wanted to buy the book, but I found I had no more than yen with me.
 I tried to read through the book, which I found impossible.
 I got a lot out of that book I read.
 It was not until I read the book that I knew about it.
 Give me back the book after you have read it.
 You've read through the book, haven't you?
 While reading the book, I felt asleep.
 Few people seem to have read the book.
 Having read the book, I could answer all the questions.
 I remember reading the book.
 When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
 I felt the richer for having read the book.
 I found a new meaning whenever I read the book.
 I cannot find time to read the book.
 It won't take long to read that book.
 You need a large vocabulary to read that book.
 No one can read the book without crying.
 Put the book back on the shelf when you're through with it.
 Please return the book when you have finished reading it.
 If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
 Give the book back to me when you are done with it.
 Please lend me the book when you have finished reading it.
 If you are done with that book, I'd like to have it.
 I've finished reading the book.
 Please read that book.
 Didn't you read the book?
 Hand me that book, please.
 Did you order the book?
 Give the book to whomever wants it.
 Put the book back on the shelf.
 Take down the book from the shelf.
 Did you take the book back to the library?
 I remember returning the book to the library.
 I'd like to place an order for the book with the publishing company.
 You may take the book.
 Is it possible to buy the book at the bookstore in Akita?
 Put the book back in the same place where you found it.
 There is no hurry about returning the book to me.
 Give the book back to the owner.
 Put the book on the desk.
 Read the book again and again.
 You may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean.
 Put the book back where it was.
 Put the book where you found it.
 Have you finished reading the book?
 Put the book back where you found it.
 Give me the book.
 Bring the book to me, not to Tom.
 Please put the book on the shelf.
 Where did you buy that book?
 It was Mr Hino who translated the book from Spanish into Japanese.
 You'll find both of the books interesting.
 Did you find the book interesting?
 I'm afraid the book is beyond the reach of his understanding.
 He sent me a letter asking if the book had reached me.
 I found the book very interesting.
 Are you through with the book?
 This book is easy to read.
 Who was the book written by?
 You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
 You'll find the book in the library.
 That book is familiar to all young children.
 Parts of the book are quite good.
 I found the book so interesting that I kept on reading it until daybreak.
 Sorry, the book is out of stock.
 I read the book in my second year of high school.
 I have read the book before.
 What is necessary is just to read the book, when free.
 I have already read the book.
 Have you done with the book?
 I have not read all the books.
 That book had a lot of pages.
 None of the books are instructive.
 Where is the book?
 They have demanded that all copies of the book be destroyed.
 I found the book interesting.
 That book may be obtained at a moment's notice.
 This book is interesting, also instructive.
 Was the book interesting?
 Put the book on the top shelf.
 Put the book on the bottom shelf.
 It is said that the book is a bestseller in Britain.
 There are pictures on alternate pages of the book.
 The more you read the book, the less you will understand it.
 It is worthwhile to read the book.
 There is a definite time to return the book.
 Orders for the book poured in.
 The price of the book was $5.
 The principal theme of the book is the American Revolution.
 You can omit the last chapter of the book.
 I copied a passage from the book into my notebook.
 Two pages of the book stuck together.
 You may take either of the books.
 What is the title of the book?
 Not all of the books are instructive.
 There were some ink spots on the book jacket.
 Neither of those books is interesting.
 Is there an index to the book?
 There was a black jacket on the book.
 There is an abundance of pictures in the book.
 There are maps on alternate pages of the book.
 His comments about the book were favorable.
 What do you think about the book?
 Whoever wants the book may have it.
 Anybody who wants this book can be given it.
 It is five years since the book was made into a movie.
 I got much benefit from that book.
 We can get a lot of valuable information from the book.
 You may give the book to whoever wants it.
 The pasture has an area of acres.
 There are about cattle on the ranch.
 The minister worked hard on behalf of the poor.
 The clergyman has married three couples this week.
 The outlook for the defense program is dismal.
 The merchant accumulated tremendous fortune during the postwar era.
 The sticks were laid across each other.
 There was a flag at the top of the pole.
 The storm brought heavy losses.
 It will take a long time to suppress the revolt.
 The riot was suppressed without difficulty.
 The riot was soon put down by the police.
 Not less than people were arrested for being involved in the riot.
 I could not make myself heard in the noisy class.
 The hat stood out because of its strange shape.
 The hat fits her perfectly.
 The cap is too small for me.
 That hat becomes you.
 It is too small a hat for you.
 That hat cost around fifty dollars.
 You look funny in the hat.
 The little boy is used to talking with grown-ups.
 The boy can't tell a swallow from a sparrow.
 The refugee crossed the line safely.
 The exile yearned for his home.
 The law was enacted in the Meiji era.
 The law was enforced immediately.
 The laws apply to everyone irrespective of race, creed or color.
 The law is not in effect any longer.
 The law has gone through parliament.
 The law needs to be amended.
 The law enables us to receive an annuity.
 The law is still in effect.
 The law doesn't apply to this case.
 The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
 The law, as it is, is not so severe.
 The law kept people from playing football for a while.
 The law is full of ambiguities.
 It said that people could not play football in the future and that anyone who broke this law would be sent to prison.
 The law does not apply to this case.
 The bill passed at the last moment.
 The bill is expected to be enacted during the present session.
 The bill passed the Diet.
 It is necessary that the bill pass the Diet.
 I'm against the bill.
 The bill at last went through.
 Many people are against the bill.
 I'm for the bill.
 There was much argument against the bill.
 There was much argument for and against the bill.
 There is no possibility of the bill being passed.
 It was foolish of him to trespass against the law.
 Both of the means are dangerous.
 The method was crude, but very effective.
 The method was too expensive to be practical.
 He is the one who comes after me.
 Record the broadcast on tape.
 The peak rises above the clouds.
 The treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain.
 It isn't known where the treasures were hidden.
 The jewel was stolen during the night.
 The treasure is still in the forest, where it is buried under a tree.
 The report is not to be depended upon.
 The news report spread all over the country.
 The report has not been confirmed yet.
 I dashed off the report.
 Attention should be paid to even the smallest detail of the report.
 The report was prepared in haste and had several misspellings.
 The report states that there will be a depression.
 The report was sent within the same day.
 The report revealed that many teenagers are alcoholics.
 Boil down the report to one page.
 The report cannot be true.
 The report is not encouraging sales wise.
 The report is utterly false.
 The report proved only too true.
 The report is only too true.
 The report turned out to be false.
 The report turned out false.
 That report was important because it pointed out all the errors the committee had made.
 The report exaggerated the capacity of the hall.
 The package was delivered yesterday.
 The mother didn't know what to do with her son.
 The mother used her own milk to nourish the baby.
 The mother laid her baby on the bed softly.
 The mother was still grieving over her child's death.
 The mother is very anxious about her children future.
 The mother was reluctant to leave her children alone.
 The mother insisted on her.
 The mother is looking for a babysitter.
 The mother may well be proud of her bright son.
 The mother may well be proud of her wise son.
 The prisoner of war bore himself with great dignity.
 You pay 10,yen a month as an insurance premium.
 The lawyer's fee was very high.
 The lawyer went out with the secretary.
 Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
 The lawyer spoke on and on.
 The lawyer said he would speak on behalf of Mr. Smith.
 The lawyer has a fair income.
 The lawyer has a lot of wealthy clients.
 Can I book two seats on that flight?
 The note is embossed with the school emblem.
 The answer irritated me.
 That was the answer I wanted.
 I was taken aback at the answer.
 Don't set foot in that neighborhood.
 The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
 I don't know about things like that.
 Can't you see a stapler somewhere around there?
 Let's wait around for her.
 The editor and the publisher are both my cousins.
 The odd custom is peculiar to the region.
 Where did you find that strange thing?
 The villa was harmonious with the scenery.
 The cottage was clean and tidy.
 Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.
 The wall is partly covered with ivy.
 The wall is thirty yards long.
 Don't lean against the wall.
 There were scribbles all along the wall.
 Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
 The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
 The wall wasn't high enough to keep dogs out.
 The soldiers were disaffected toward the government.
 The soldier acted bravely.
 The soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy.
 The soldier was wounded in the leg and couldn't move.
 The soldier was wounded in the leg.
 The soldier was killed in action.
 The soldier lay injured on the ground.
 The soldier gave his name.
 The soldier made light of his wounds.
 The soldier carried on as if his wound was nothing.
 The soldier was not in the least afraid to die.
 The soldier lay dying.
 The soldier disdained shooting an unarmed enemy.
 The soldier lay in agony on the bed.
 The soldier gave water to me.
 The soldiers turned traitor.
 The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
 The soldiers were equipped with weapons.
 The soldiers were exposed to the enemy's fire.
 The document was distributed to all department heads.
 These messages have to be read between the lines.
 A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
 Please forward the document to the administrative office for review.
 The document is neither genuine nor forged.
 We regarded the document as belonging to her brother.
 The document passed into the enemy's hands.
 The document records that the war broke out in 1700.
 The phrase is meant to insult people.
 The sentence is not grammatically accurate.
 I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
 The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
 The sentence is free from grammatical mistakes.
 You should omit this word from the sentence.
 It is impossible to resolve the conflict.
 By that, Boeing means that there may also have been other problems, but that an accident could have been avoided if the crew had done their job correctly.
 If you are not satisfied with your share, I'll make it a bit more attractive.
 The physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion.
 As usual, the physics teacher was late for class.
 The object flew away to the south, giving out flashes of light.
 The surface of the object is fairly rough.
 Can you describe the object?
 The substance is light enough to float on the water.
 The substance must be treated with acid.
 I remember hearing the story once.
 The story concluded abruptly.
 The story approximates to historical truth.
 The story is at once interesting and instructive.
 The story ends with his death.
 The story is founded on tradition.
 The story revolves around a mysterious adventure.
 The story has come down through many years.
 The story is based on fact.
 The story is good except that it is a little too long.
 The story has been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth.
 The story lived on, passed from person to person.
 The story was full of marvelous happenings.
 The story was adapted for the movie.
 The story ends happily.
 How long is that story?
 The tale is familiar to us.
 The setting of the story is Japan in the late Meiji period.
 The beginning of the story was interesting.
 The story has in it something of the element of tragedy.
 On hearing the noise, my brother started to cry.
 When did you hear the sound?
 That sound distracted my attention from reading.
 The noise awoke me from my sleep.
 The noise will wake the baby up.
 Nobody could explain how the thing was made.
 The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
 Why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it?
 That dress shows off her figure to advantage.
 That dress becomes her very well.
 That suit wears long.
 The dress is newly designed.
 The dress becomes you.
 That looks smart on you.
 Those clothes suit you well.
 The balloon was carried away somewhere by the wind.
 That custom is quite foreign to the Japanese.
 The scenery is beautiful beyond description.
 That custom is on the decrease.
 The beauty of the scenery was beyond description.
 The view is beautiful beyond words.
 Did you put a stamp on the envelope?
 That wind blew out our last candle.
 The troops were retired from the front lines.
 Those tribes inhabit the desert all year round.
 That tribe worships its ancestors.
 The tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language, and speaks an unfamiliar language.
 Members of that tribe settled along the river.
 Members of the tribe settled down along the river.
 It took me three days to clean the room.
 Will the room be available for the meetings?
 I'll give the room a good cleaning.
 Does the room have air conditioning?
 The room is being painted by him.
 The room has been empty for a long time.
 The room was in disorder.
 The room is richly ornamented.
 The room was illuminated with red lights.
 All was quiet in the room.
 The room is full of people.
 There's not enough light in this room for sewing.
 The room was filled with people.
 The room is furnished with two beds.
 The room is too small to play in.
 The room is warming up.
 The room was littered with scraps of paper.
 My brother and I shared the room.
 The air in that room was thick with the enthusiasm of the participants.
 The room is spacious and light.
 The room commands a fine view of the lake.
 The room had a nice cozy feel.
 I found the room empty.
 The room looks out on the ocean.
 The room is ready for us to move into.
 The room was crowded with furniture.
 Does the room have a bath?
 The room is at the end of the hall.
 The room was decorated with flowers for the party.
 How cold it was in the room!
 The room was in perfect order.
 The room is cleaned by Mrs. Smith.
 The room wasn't cleaned by Kate.
 Nothing in the room matches with anything else.
 The room is now ready for you.
 There were various objects in the room.
 Don't play ball in this room.
 What are the dimensions of the room?
 The people in the room all know one another.
 The atmosphere in the room was hot and smoky.
 The guests in the room were twenty in number.
 The room will be painted tomorrow.
 The room echoes with his voice.
 No sooner had I entered the room than I noticed the smell not only of tobacco but of gas.
 The minute I entered the room, they stopped talking.
 I had to stoop to go into the room.
 Entering the room, I found her playing the piano.
 You must not enter the room.
 The room was bathed in sunshine.
 There wasn't anyone in the room.
 There was a lot of furniture in the room.
 The room has two windows.
 The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
 There was nothing but an old chair in the room.
 The room was devoid of furniture.
 There was almost nothing in the room.
 There is a piano in the room.
 There is a television in the room.
 In the room there were four boys, who were playing cards.
 There were two hundred people in the room.
 All were quiet in the room.
 The production has visual appeal for the audience.
 The spoiled meat had a nasty smell.
 The father wouldn't accept his daughter's boyfriend.
 The father will look after her all by himself.
 The father and his son were very alike.
 He made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend.
 That love affair is a family secret.
 The site is used for military purposes.
 The lady came from a good family.
 The lady remained silent.
 The lady wore a necklace of pearls.
 The woman was so surprised as to be speechless.
 The women were too surprised to be able to speak.
 The lady is over eighty.
 It was said that the lady had been an actress.
 It was said that that lady was an actress.
 The lady has a graceful manner.
 The lady's funeral was held at the local church.
 The ladies are looking after the children whose parents are employed in factories during the daytime.
 The doctors were wrong to condemn the couple.
 He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
 The couple lived a happy life to the end.
 The couple named their first child Mark.
 The couple doesn't fight often these days, but they used to a lot.
 The couple led a happy life.
 The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
 The couple have no less than seven children.
 A son was born to the couple.
 It is hard for the couple to live together any longer.
 The attendant is good at flattery.
 The delinquent boy was arraigned for stealing a bicycle.
 The real estate broker was lavish in his spending in Ginza.
 The real estate man told lies to the couple.
 He went insane from the unhappy accident.
 The unhappy woman, drowned in tears, told her story.
 The unhappy event made him put an end to himself.
 The misfortune deprived her of her reason.
 Fill the bottle with water.
 The clumsy man envied her extraordinary talent.
 The poor old man was reduced to just a skeleton.
 The poor man finally became a great artist.
 That poor family lives from hand to mouth every month.
 The poor young man finally became a great artist.
 The dying man made an effort to say something, but could not.
 I buy the goods at $a dozen.
 The article is genuine.
 The goods were entered to her.
 That article is out of stock.
 It'll be two weeks before you receive the article.
 The article is nowhere to be had.
 The sick man required constant attention.
 The sick person had the best of care.
 The patient is up and about.
 That patient cannot hold out through the summer.
 The sick man's life is in danger.
 Nobody knows how long the sick man can hold on.
 It is said that the disease has been spreading.
 That disease is incurable.
 The effects of the illness were not serious.
 The disease is prevalent in the area.
 The sick woman cannot eat just anything.
 The initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat.
 The sick boy is growing stronger each day.
 The disease left Mike unable to walk.
 To prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task.
 The hospital opened last month.
 The hospital was barred from doing business for three years.
 The hospital wants nurses to care for its patients.
 The hospital provides around the clock service.
 The unpopular politician was frequently given the razz by the crowd during his speech.
 The glacier moves but by inches.
 The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
 The ice is too hard to crack.
 The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.
 The ice is very thick.
 The sign indicates the way to go.
 The sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here.
 A revised edition of the encyclopedia was published.
 The author doesn't display much talent in his book.
 It is worth visiting that museum.
 The art exhibition is now being held in Kyoto.
 The beauty of the sight is beyond description.
 Words cannot describe the beauty.
 The beauty is beyond description.
 The beautiful bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
 I guess that the beautiful girl will say goodbye to the shy young man.
 The beautiful woman is kind.
 The beautiful scenery fascinates every traveler.
 The beautiful color of the sky soon faded away.
 The beauty of the music brought tears to her eyes.
 The airplane accident took place yesterday, a long way off at sea.
 The airplane is scheduled to arrive at Honolulu tomorrow morning.
 The airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.
 The airplane used a rocket motor to assist with takeoff.
 The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
 The plane crashed suddenly.
 The flight was cancelled because of the thick fog.
 The plane is on the way from Tokyo to Italy.
 The airplane is capable of supersonic speeds.
 The airplane landed at Narita Airport.
 The plane made a perfect landing.
 The plane should have arrived at Kansai Airport by now.
 The plane is now operational.
 The plane climbed to an altitude of 10,meters.
 The airplane took off ten minutes ago.
 The plane took off at exactly nine o'clock.
 The plane took off at exactly ten o'clock.
 How did the plane crash come about?
 I had no choice but to take the plane.
 I was just in time for the flight.
 There were fifty passengers on the plane.
 All communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off.
 Please advise me of the cost.
 The expense is chargeable on him.
 All the expenses will fall on the sponsor.
 The secret will soon get out.
 I promised not to breathe a word of the secret.
 Keep the secret to yourself.
 The secret came to light at last.
 There was danger lest the secret become known.
 The man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed.
 The secretary is good at English in addition to being beautiful.
 The secretary gave me an agreeable smile.
 The secretary proved to be a spy.
 The leather jacket has worn out at the elbows.
 The figurative meaning is no longer in current use.
 What the critic says is always concise and to the point.
 The door is opening now.
 The door is open now.
 The door was closed for good.
 The tragic news drove his mother mad.
 The tragedy must be remembered so that it is not repeated.
 The sad story came home to her.
 The sad story made my heart ache.
 It is up to me to tell the sad news to her.
 She could not but cry at the sad news.
 The tragedy left a scar on my mind.
 Her eyes were filled with tears when she pictured the sad scene to herself.
 The girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
 The girl is lonely.
 The hostess couldn't possibly put up with his arrogance.
 The TV program seemed very interesting.
 The program is on the air.
 The program was broadcast over the radio yesterday.
 The television serial is getting more and more interesting.
 The program will be on the air before long.
 That program is broadcast every other week.
 Your number doesn't answer.
 I'm sure I have the right number.
 We had a splendid dinner that evening.
 That evening I left my tip under a coffee cup, which I left upside down on the table.
 Not a star was to be seen that night.
 I doubled up with a stranger that night.
 There was a moon that night.
 It was very cold that evening.
 It was very sultry that night.
 We spent all of that night, the next day, and the next night in the cellar.
 I spent the whole evening reading the poetry of Kenji Miyazawa.
 I can't stand the noise.
 The criminal gave himself up to the police.
 The criminal is sure to do time for robbing the store.
 The criminal had to conceal his identity.
 The criminal is still at large.
 It was horrible to hear about the crime.
 That crime is punishable by death.
 What is the main cause of the crime?
 The board is about two meters long.
 The board is strong enough to bear the weight.
 How thick is the board?
 Drive the nail into the board.
 The army was called to suppress the revolt.
 The traitor was deprived of his citizenship.
 The judgement is very fair to both parties.
 I will appeal against the sentence.
 The hairstyle has caught on with the girl students.
 The hairstyle soon became popular among young people.
 The inventor is known all over the world.
 The invention is accredited to Edison.
 The invention was brought about by chance.
 The announcement brought him to his feet.
 The announcement exaggerated the number of casualties.
 The power plant supplies the remote district with electricity.
 That discovery was quite accidental.
 The discovery will have a momentous effect on the treatment of cancer.
 How is the discovery related to the progress of science?
 We can apply the discovery to various uses.
 I was surprised at the discovery.
 The greengrocer is very kind to his customers.
 The fields yielded a good harvest.
 Take that box away!
 Shall I have that box?
 Take care not to turn the box upside down.
 Don't look into the box.
 Let me relieve you of that case. It looks heavy.
 The box is made of wood.
 You can tear the box open.
 That is too small a box to hold all these things.
 The box was too heavy for him to lift.
 The box is too heavy to carry.
 The box was too heavy.
 The box serves me well.
 The box is light enough for a child to carry.
 The box is leaning to one side.
 The box is covered with a large sheet of paper.
 The box is almost empty.
 The box was almost full.
 The box was so heavy I could not move it.
 The box was so heavy that I couldn't lift it.
 The box will serve as a table.
 Leave that box where it is.
 Is there anything in the box?
 There are a lot of eggs in the box.
 Don't put anything on top of the box.
 Do up the box with decorative tape.
 What's in the box?
 The box bears the stamp of the manufacturer.
 There was nothing in the box.
 If you stuff the box too full, the bottom will fall out.
 He claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
 The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out.
 The explosion came about by accident.
 The explosion did a lot of damage to the building.
 The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.
 What was the cause of the explosion?
 The tube was shattered by the explosion.
 It is worthwhile visiting the museum.
 That museum is worth visiting.
 The museum is worth a visit.
 It is worthwhile visiting that museum.
 Is the museum visited by many people?
 Is the museum open today?
 The museum is closed now.
 The museum is not open on Monday.
 The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
 The museum is worth visiting.
 The museum is open to the public.
 I paid for the purchase in cash.
 The museum has a fascinating collection of Celtic artifacts.
 The purchase is on the company's account.
 That cost me a lot in the long run.
 The purchase brought his bill to dollars.
 I attributed the delay in delivery to a traffic jam.
 The sight of the ruins brought home to him the meaning of war.
 Where should we dispose of the waste?
 The actor has a large yacht.
 The actor went up in his lines on the stage.
 The actor died at the height of his popularity.
 The actor used to have the tailor make his suits.
 The actor is two years senior to me.
 The actor missed a line.
 The actor looked his part.
 The actor came out from behind the curtain.
 The actor's death made big headlines in all the papers.
 The actor has a hideaway in Colorado.
 The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
 I agree with you that the actor is very talented.
 The horse came first.
 The horse broke its neck when it fell.
 I don't think any of those horses is going to win.
 The horse's flanks are hurt.
 The farmer sowed his field with wheat.
 The farmer regretted having wasted some wheat.
 The farmer longs for the day when the grain ripens.
 That farmer cultivated a acre plantation.
 The farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset.
 The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
 The farmer keeps his tractor in the barn.
 The farmer employed five new workers.
 The farmer cultivates a variety of crops.
 The farm grows potatoes.
 The barn was small, but it was strong.
 The old farmer did not pay him much money.
 The old teacher began to talk about the good old days.
 They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
 The pension is not sufficient for living expenses.
 There was a great lack of rice that year.
 The plague occurred that year.
 Spring was long coming that year.
 Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
 That year's buzzword was digital: digital clocks, digital microwave ovens, even digital pens.
 The largest recipient of Japan's ODA that year was China.
 They say that since it was bitterly cold in Northern Europe that winter, many people were frozen to death.
 Steel production of the year was the highest on record.
 He left Japan at the end of the year.
 Car production in that year reached a record million vehicles.
 At her age, she still preserved the appearance of a young girl.
 The old man got off the bus.
 The cat ran away into the room.
 The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
 The cat crouched down ready to jump.
 The cat clung to her dress.
 The cat lay at full length on the road.
 The cat seems to want some water.
 The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
 The cat likes to sleep beside me.
 The cat took advantage of the high grass to creep on the bird.
 The cat is liked.
 The cat upset the can of fish in order to eat the contents.
 The cat slowly approached the mouse.
 The cat came near being run over by a truck.
 The cat drinks milk.
 The cat is liked by Mike.
 The cat is very cute.
 One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
 She knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission.
 Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
 That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
 He was bewildered on that day.
 The time and date suited our coach.
 I rode fifty miles that day.
 From that day forth he lived with the boy.
 Would you mind drawing down the blind?
 The day was stormy, and what was worse still, it was thundering.
 It was an unfavorable day for baseball.
 That day shall come.
 It being Sunday, there was no school.
 The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
 The day was bright, nor were there clouds above.
 That day it had looked like rain since morning.
 It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
 The day turned out to be fine.
 It was a really beautiful day.
 That day was made a holiday by an act of the diet.
 We spent the day in the open air.
 The day turned out wet.
 It was very windy that day, and I had my umbrella blown inside out.
 It was cold that day, and moreover it began to rain.
 It was chilly that day.
 The day was rainy, and what was worse, thundering.
 The fire isn't very hot, so it won't heat the kettle.
 I couldn't speak well that day.
 That's a bad day for me.
 We had fine weather on that day.
 It happened that there was a meeting on that day.
 The beauty of the sunrise was beyond description.
 After the day's work, I was tired to death.
 He was absent on the particular day.
 The hall allows children in only on that day.
 I left my wallet at home on that particular day.
 There could be no doubt as to who the man was.
 It happened that he was out that day.
 I am living from day to day.
 The weather varies from day to day.
 From that day on, we helped him learn Japanese.
 That day proved to be the turning point in his career.
 On that day, Japanese flags were flying.
 The doctor examined over fifty patients that day.
 The meat is frozen.
 The meat tastes bad.
 None of the meat was fit to eat.
 That's the meat of a hen.
 All the meat was bad.
 The meat is smooth and soft.
 The meat was giving off a terrible smell.
 Tell me which of the two cameras is the better one.
 It was I who first introduced the two.
 The two men shook hands with each other the minute they were introduced.
 The two boys traveled throughout the land.
 The two boys are much the same in English.
 The two boys began to blame each other.
 The two children were of an age.
 The two boys never get along.
 The two sisters became more and more famous.
 The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
 The two brothers are as like as two peas.
 The two brothers are very much alike.
 The two young girls smiled happily.
 A war broke out between the two countries.
 The two houses stand side by side.
 The two villages adjoin each other.
 Those two experiments yielded similar results.
 Years intervene between the two incidents.
 There are subtle differences between the two things.
 There is no chance of a union between the two countries.
 Those two ideas are quite distinct.
 The contrast between the two ideas is very marked.
 There's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words.
 The two meetings clash.
 The two companies combined in a joint corporation.
 I don't like either of them.
 Don't touch that pan! It's very hot.
 It is no use trying to solve the riddle.
 Have you worked the puzzle out?
 Let's try to solve the riddle.
 I can't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
 Give me the details of it.
 The shy pupil murmured his answer.
 The shy boy murmured his name.
 The shy boy was utterly embarrassed in her presence.
 There is no need to be unnecessarily anxious about the outbreak.
 The dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his aides.
 The dictator enforced obeisance on the people.
 The dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
 We should keep away from the poisonous plants.
 The correspondent filed a report from Moscow.
 The privilege is reserved exclusively for women.
 The road is ten feet in width.
 The bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance.
 The road is parallel to the river.
 The road was clear of traffic.
 The road is under repair.
 The road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries.
 Cross the road with care.
 The width of the road is insufficient for safe driving.
 There are some depressions in the road.
 The path is bordered with hedges.
 Go straight up the street for about meters, and you will get to the junction of three roads.
 The road wound through the fields.
 The road runs from Tokyo to Osaka.
 The roads are jammed with cars.
 The road came to a dead end.
 The road is too narrow for cars.
 The road curves gently towards the west.
 This road leads to the station.
 The path is broken.
 The road turns left there.
 The street is somewhere along here.
 The cave is easy to access.
 The cave was so dark that they had to feel their way.
 Was the cave found by the boys?
 A monster was believed to live in the cave.
 The cave did for our hiding place.
 The same sentence could have the force of a command.
 Those animals can be seen in the Northern Hemisphere.
 There are some strange animals in the zoo.
 You must catch the animal alive.
 Is it possible for me to raise the animal?
 When we saw the animal so near us, we ran away in terror.
 The animal struggled to get out of the cage.
 That animal feeds on flesh.
 The animal died from hunger.
 The animal made a squeaking sound.
 They took a vote on the motion.
 The bank director was held in high regard.
 The smart boy could solve all the difficult problems with great ease.
 The china was displayed in a special cabinet.
 The potter's lost his cunning.
 My voice was ignored in the discussion.
 The results of the survey will be announced in due course.
 The answer misses the point.
 To learn the answer you must know a little about the magnetic field around the world.
 The answer was marked wrong.
 The answer is completely wrong.
 Isn't the answer easy?
 The answers are both incorrect.
 There were no radios in Japan in those days.
 In those days, few people could travel abroad.
 When I look back upon those days, it all seems like a dream.
 In those days, I went to bed earlier.
 There were no radios in those times.
 In those days, I was still a student.
 In those days, he lived in the house alone.
 A savage tribe lived there in those days.
 The investment now yields him 6%.
 In those days, America was not independent of the United Kingdom.
 A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
 What animals inhabit those islands?
 Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed with the beauty of nature.
 By whom was the island discovered?
 The island is cut off far from the mainland.
 Seen from the plane, the island looks very beautiful.
 The island is to the south of Japan.
 The island lies to the west of Japan.
 The island is covered with ice and snow during the winter.
 The island was struck by the typhoon.
 The island is easy to reach by boat.
 The island is a paradise for children.
 Every part of the island has been explored.
 The island is about two miles off the coast.
 The island lies a mile off the coast.
 The island is warm all year.
 That island was governed by France at one time.
 82% - more than four-fifths - of the island's exports is agricultural produce.
 The airfield on the island is now covered with weeds.
 The islanders are asking us for help.
 The inhabitants of the island are friendly.
 The new law was enforced on the people of the island.
 The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
 Few people live on the island.
 It was hard for them to get to the island.
 It has never snowed on the island.
 There were no signs of life on the island.
 There is no living on the island.
 There are still some savage tribes on that island.
 There is no regular boat service to the island.
 The island abounds with rivers.
 The island was inhabited by a fishing people.
 The island has a fine harbor.
 The island is very easy to reach.
 No animals are to be found on the island.
 It was suggested that the tower be restored.
 Many years have been spent in building the tower.
 The tower fell into ruin.
 The tower stood amid the ruins.
 The tower is going to collapse.
 The tower rose up against the blue sky.
 The tower is as high as meters.
 The tower leaned slightly to the left.
 The tower can be seen from here.
 The tower was easy of access.
 The height of the tower is above meters.
 The tower commands a fine view of the lake.
 It rained a great deal during the winter.
 During that winter, writing occupied most of my free time.
 The Party won a sweeping victory at the general election.
 The party is mainly made up of working women.
 The party gained ground rapidly.
 The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
 The slave ran for his life.
 The slave was anxious to alter his destiny.
 Everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess.
 The slaves were working like so many ants.
 A bulldozer was used to level the lane.
 A quarrel arose about what to do with the land.
 Does the soil suit vegetables?
 The land descended from father to son.
 The land descended to his family.
 The estate was adjudged to the oldest son.
 The land is out of crop this year.
 The land slopes gently toward the river.
 The land yields heavy crops.
 The land was converted into a park.
 The property was purchased with laundered political money.
 My idea of that place is not very clear.
 The land came into the market.
 The soil retained richness.
 The efforts brought about no effect.
 The city is laid out with beautiful regularity.
 The highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks.
 The city fell to the enemy.
 The city is notorious for its polluted air.
 The city is most famous for its automobile industry.
 The city has rapidly expanded recently.
 The city is hosting the fair.
 Boston has grown rapidly in the last ten years.
 The city revived with greater vigor.
 The city was taken by the English in 1664.
 The city was well fortified except on this side.
 The scenery of the city reminded me of London.
 It is well known that the city has a high crime rate.
 The inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water.
 The rapid growth of the city surprised us.
 I've never heard of that city.
 All the roads leading into the city are full of cars.
 There are a few nuclear bomb shelters in the city.
 TV may be seen on six channels in that city.
 The gambler lost a good deal of money.
 The climber stayed alert while climbing the precipice.
 The Alpinists carried out the ascent, but they did not return safely.
 The telegram was a trick to get her to come home.
 If you touch that wire, you will receive a shock.
 The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable; in addition, they never run on time.
 The train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
 The train was delayed on account of snow.
 The train arrival is to the second!
 The train was crowded.
 The train departs here at 9:a.m.
 The train arrived in Kyoto on time.
 That car is quite up to date.
 Those trains run every three minutes.
 The train will arrive here before long.
 You'll get there in time, so long as you don't miss the train.
 As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
 The electrical appliance must have been damaged in transit.
 The rice field lies waste.
 The means of communication can include letters, magazine and newspaper advertisements, radio and television commercials, and telephone marketing, as well as catalogs.
 The infectious case was isolated from other patients.
 The legend has come down in this district from olden times.
 I can not get the message through to her.
 Telephone him if the message is important.
 I am unable to agree on that point.
 There's no mistaking about that.
 I can't go along with you on that point.
 I can't necessarily agree with you on that point.
 I differ from you on that point.
 In that respect, my opinion differs from yours.
 You have him there.
 I can't agree with you here.
 In that respect, I agree with you completely.
 We are all one on that point.
 The clerk was dismissed on the grounds of her rude manners.
 The salesperson persuaded her to buy the dress.
 They sell imported goods at the shop.
 The store deals in vegetables.
 The store opens for business tomorrow.
 The shop is closed at nine every evening.
 The store can supply us with anything we need.
 The store is open all the year round.
 The shop is closed on Sundays.
 The shop is closed on Sunday.
 That store sells meat and fish.
 The store is across the street.
 The shop is on the corner of the street.
 The store was just off the street.
 I hear the store is in the center of the city.
 The store raised all the prices.
 The store is notorious for charging high prices.
 The store was not a big one, was it?
 The store carries earthenware.
 That is a reputable store.
 The shop was crowded with young people.
 The store is just across from my house.
 The store is close to my house.
 The store happened to be crowded last night.
 The store happened to be crowded yesterday.
 The store is not open today.
 The shop is closed today.
 The store is closed Mondays.
 The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
 The store is just across from the theater.
 The shop is kept under police supervision.
 The shop carried leather goods.
 The store was crowded with holiday shoppers.
 The store has a large stock of wines.
 The store offered special discounts during the summer.
 The store might be closed already.
 The shop is just in front of the station.
 The store has numerous items to sell.
 Is the store near at hand?
 The store lost its trade to the supermarket.
 When is the store open till?
 The store closes at seven.
 The store closes at eleven.
 Running the store is becoming a burden to him.
 I go near that store myself.
 The shop windows display the latest fashion.
 We found only a small number of customers in the store.
 There was no one in the shop to wait on me.
 There were not more than ten customers in the shop.
 There's only one store on the island.
 I met her in the store by accident.
 Foreign books are sold at the shop.
 The shop sells a variety of goods.
 They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
 The shop sells expensive accessories for women.
 They sell sugar at the store.
 They sell textbooks at the bookstore.
 At that store, they deal in fish and meat.
 They deal in shoes and clothes at that store.
 They sell candy, cookies and what not.
 The shop sells articles of all kinds.
 At that shop they deal in kitchen utensils.
 Put what you get at the store to my account.
 The exhibition will be held next month.
 The exhibition was a product of his imagination.
 The exhibition is well worth a visit.
 The exhibition is now open.
 The exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization.
 That observatory stands in a good location.
 Three persons were killed and ten were severely or slightly injured in the railway accident.
 The railroad is now in the process of construction.
 The railroad divides into two after the bridge.
 Rust ate away the iron bar.
 The drowning man grasped at the rope.
 The burglar is used to staying up late.
 The thief was traced by the stolen goods.
 The thief ran fast.
 The robber tried to plunge the knife into the boy.
 The thief admitted his guilt.
 The thief ran away at the sight of a policeman.
 The thief ran away at the sight of a detective.
 The thief disguised himself as a policeman.
 The thief disguised himself as an old lady.
 The thief reluctantly admitted his guilt.
 How did the thief manage to avoid being caught?
 The robber stood surrounded by ten policemen.
 Can you give me a brief description of the thief?
 Just pass such an insult.
 That sum of money won't make or mar us.
 I was not in the least surprised, for I had fully expected as much.
 That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
 Your offer is very attractive, but we will have to think about it.
 The proposal met with opposition.
 The proposal came up last week.
 Although the proposal seemed like a good idea, they refused it.
 I was unwilling to agree to the proposal, but it seemed that I had no choice.
 Are you for or against the proposal?
 We said in unison that we didn't agree to the suggestion.
 The proposal has its good points as well as its bad ones.
 I agree to the proposal in principle.
 The garden is laid out in the Japanese style.
 The garden is famous for its irises.
 The garden is turning into a wilderness.
 The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
 The garden is at its best in spring.
 The garden is tended with great care.
 The garden was filled with flowers.
 The garden has been professionally laid out.
 There weren't any roses in the garden.
 There are some pretty flowers in the garden.
 There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.
 The empire absorbed all the small states.
 Even the periodical pay raise could not keep abreast of higher living costs.
 The crane was standing on one leg.
 It was the last crane she ever made.
 It was the first of the one thousand cranes that Sadako had to make.
 The angler felt a strong tug on the line.
 The notice was badly printed.
 That street was very noisy during the day.
 She clearly does not mean it.
 That street is very noisy.
 The street runs along the river.
 The street was empty of people and traffic.
 The street was deserted after ten.
 There are many people and cars on that street.
 The street is full of cars.
 The street is very narrow.
 The street is paved with asphalt.
 There are stores on each side of the street.
 There are cherry trees on each side of the street.
 There's a hotel across the street.
 Traffic on the street was really terrible.
 There are many stores on either side of the street.
 The trees that line the street have lovely blossoms in spring.
 There are large houses along the street.
 The street is named for President Madison.
 The pain was more than he could stand.
 There are various ways of enduring the pain.
 The touching episode came home to me.
 The sole survivor of the crash was a baby.
 Few, if any, passengers survived the crash.
 All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
 As many as passengers were killed in the crash.
 The statement is not wholly true.
 Where did you come across the rare stamps?
 The two lines cross each other at right angles.
 The bird was half as large as an eagle.
 The bird spread its wings.
 The bird was covered with white feathers.
 The bird was half the size of a hawk.
 The bird is in its nest.
 That species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
 Is the bird alive or dead?
 The bird went up higher and higher into the sky.
 The bird quivered its wings.
 The bird went far away.
 The birds are so tame they will eat from your hand.
 The bird's wing was broken.
 Can you measure the length?
 Access to the mountaintop is difficult.
 Divide its length and breadth by ten.
 The long drought was followed by famine.
 My teacher encouraged me in my studies.
 Keep it up!
 That's the way.
 Keep it up.
 That's the spirit.
 The investigation is under way.
 The results of the research were quite satisfactory.
 It takes two years for the butterfly to mature.
 How large is the audience?
 Look up the town on the map.
 If that city were a color, it would be a color with a quiet sort of dignity ... wine red, say.
 I was interested in seeing the city.
 Visitors to that town increase in number year by year.
 The town has an air of prosperity.
 The town fell into ruin.
 The town is located in the extreme north of Japan.
 The town gave birth to many men of note.
 The town grew into a city.
 The town was destroyed during the war.
 The town developed into the center of the economy.
 The city has a large population.
 The town is an industrial community.
 The town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills.
 The city is at the foot of the mountain.
 The town is famous for its old castle.
 The town is two miles away from the coast.
 The town lay buried for centuries.
 The city was destroyed by fire.
 That town looked prosperous.
 It is long way to the town.
 The town is famous for its hot spring.
 The city is fifty miles above London.
 The town has a European air.
 The town lies just above London.
 The town is supplied with water from the river.
 The city can be reached in less than minutes by car from here.
 The town is always crawling with tourists.
 That town is two miles away.
 There was an old castle to the east of the town.
 There is a nice park in the center of the town.
 The population of the town was wiped out.
 The town has beautiful surroundings.
 Children in the town were taken away for safety.
 The transportation system in that city is quite good.
 There are high walls about the town.
 On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
 Having lived in the town, I'm not a stranger there.
 The town is accessible by rail.
 There were a few large old wooden houses in the town.
 There is a market in the town.
 The town has many high buildings.
 The town has many narrow lanes.
 Which is the best hotel in the town?
 The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.
 When did you get up that morning?
 Let's have our picture taken with the statue in the back, shall we?
 The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood.
 The sculptor carved wood into an image of Buddha.
 The sculptor belongs to the Renaissance school.
 The sculptures are of great value.
 The statue is dated 1920.
 The monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
 An immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher.
 The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
 The prominent psychologist resembles my uncle in appearance.
 Its author is little more than a college kid.
 The author made ten mistakes in as many pages.
 The parking lot is free of charge.
 The bug is still alive.
 The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
 That pole is not quite vertical.
 The middle-aged women kept talking loudly all the way.
 The middle aged man was charged with assault.
 The key word is equality.
 That used refrigerator was a real dog.
 One of them is an actor, who is going to pretend to murder someone.
 Among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures.
 Choose whichever of them is becoming to you.
 The cup has a crack.
 The bamboo gave but did not break.
 The pond is meters in diameter.
 The pond was alive with tiny fishes.
 The pond is too shallow for swimming.
 The pond is very deep.
 The pond was alive with various tiny fishes.
 The pond is meters deep.
 Keep fire away from this pond.
 There's a beautiful bridge over the pond.
 There is little water in the pond.
 Swimming in the pond is dangerous.
 The whole country was covered with snow.
 The legend gave the name to the place.
 The district is abundant in natural resources.
 It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale.
 Can you tell us about some of the natural features of that area?
 Where can I get the map?
 The old custom is still kept up in that district.
 The broad lines on the map correspond to roads.
 Without the map, he would have gotten lost.
 But for the map, we could not have found the way.
 The earthquake brought about disaster.
 The earthquake was a terrible experience.
 The earthquake smashed everything.
 The earthquake created a tremendous sea wave.
 The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
 Only two people survived the earthquake.
 There was widespread panic after the earthquake.
 A fire broke out after the earthquake.
 The whole village was laid flat by the earthquake.
 The earthquake caused widespread damage.
 The earthquake shook the houses.
 The landlord used to be quite well off.
 Game birds abound in the area.
 That district is no longer a safe place to live in.
 The area is notable for its scenery and wildlife.
 The district is short of water.
 The region is relatively rich in mineral resources.
 It hardly ever rains in the area.
 Because of fighting in the region, the oil supply was temporarily cut off.
 Everyone around the area works hard.
 Industrialization of the region must be carried out very carefully to avoid environmental destruction.
 A generous tax break will be provided to foreign companies that set up factories in the area.
 The anthropologist says odd customs do persist in the region.
 People, goods and money are all free to move across national borders in the region.
 Hundreds of people have starved to death in that district.
 Food is still scarce in the region.
 The post will fall vacant.
 The stranger was too surprised to speak.
 If he should hear the news, he would be shocked.
 He jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news.
 On hearing the news, she turned pale.
 The news made her sad.
 When she heard the news, she turned pale.
 On hearing the news, he turned pale.
 She jumped for joy the moment she heard the news.
 On hearing the news, he shouted with joy.
 On hearing the news, he rushed out of the house.
 On hearing the news, everybody became quiet.
 Scarcely had I heard the news when I felt inclined to cry.
 She was trembling as she listened to the news.
 The news filled her with sorrow.
 Being told the news, she jumped for joy.
 He lost his presence of mind at the news.
 His shoulders sagged when he heard the news.
 The news was a load off his mind.
 I was at my wit's end when I heard the news.
 His face turned pale on hearing the news.
 I was very disappointed at the news.
 Everybody was excited by the news.
 The news made my hair stand on end.
 I was not a little disappointed at the news.
 The news left me wondering what would happen next.
 I'm very glad to hear the news.
 I was very happy to hear the news.
 We were very disappointed to hear the news.
 The news gratified us.
 We are delighted at the news.
 I was surprised at the news.
 I felt like crying when I heard the news.
 It was a relief to hear the news.
 All were glad to hear the news.
 I was very glad to hear the news.
 Shocked at the news, she couldn't speak.
 She was surprised to hear the news.
 When I heard the news, I cried.
 A blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement.
 The moment she heard the news, she turned pale.
 I could not but sigh when I heard the news.
 Everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news.
 Hearing the news they all cried for joy.
 I was beside myself with joy when I heard the news.
 I am very pleased to hear the news.
 The news can't be true.
 We believed that the news is true.
 The news made her very sad.
 That news will besmirch his reputation for honesty.
 The news was a blow to him.
 Keep the news to yourself.
 The news came out of the blue.
 Many people were plunged into distress by the news.
 The news caused alarm throughout the village.
 The news hit me like a bolt from the blue.
 The news was sensational.
 I heard the news through the grapevine.
 The news surprised him as much as it did me.
 The news dashed our hopes.
 It seems that the news was false.
 The news was told to me by Ito.
 The news disturbed her greatly.
 Can the news be true?
 She turned pale at the news.
 The news caused her much pain.
 The news filled me with astonishment.
 I was astonished at the news.
 I felt very troubled by the news.
 We are excited at the news.
 I am disappointed at the news.
 I care nothing for the news.
 She broke into tears at the news.
 The news broke his heart.
 The news made him happy.
 His heart beat fast at the news.
 The news added to his anxiety.
 The news created a lot of confusion.
 The news added to our happiness.
 The news left me uneasy.
 The news upset me.
 The news confirmed my suspicions.
 Upon finding the news true, she couldn't help but cry for joy.
 Whether the news is true or false makes little difference.
 It was not until few days later that the news arrived.
 The price includes postage charges.
 The price was in the neighbourhood of dollars.
 Does that include everything?
 The price includes tax.
 The price is reasonable.
 Does that price include soup and salad?
 The actor was on the stage for most of the play.
 The man robbed her of her bag.
 The man is enjoying windsurfing alone.
 The man is checking in at a hotel.
 The man was arrested as a spy.
 The man must be over sixty, for his hair is gray.
 The man was folding and unfolding his arms.
 The man robbed the old man of the bag.
 The man robbed the traveler of his money.
 The man stood up.
 That man is going on trial next week.
 That man is on trial for the murder of a little girl.
 The man was ashamed of being born poor.
 The man puffed smoke into her face.
 The man shoved her aside.
 The man gave no heed to her loud protest.
 The man robbed him of all his money.
 The man assured us that she didn't commit the murder.
 The man was branded as a traitor.
 The man connected two wires.
 The man suddenly started shooting his gun.
 The man must be insane.
 The man ran away.
 The man got away from the city.
 The man spoke in a low voice.
 The man fell down on the ground.
 The man watched the sun set below the horizon.
 The man was a fountain of knowledge.
 The man was too fat to move by himself.
 The man was a total stranger.
 The man was charged with theft.
 The man blushed.
 The man was drunk as a mouse.
 The man answered to the description.
 The man answers the description.
 The man was lost sight of in the crowd.
 The man slumped to the floor.
 The man took the boy by the hand.
 That man was standing a little ways away, but he turned when he heard Tom shout.
 The man caught the girl by the wrist.
 The man shot three birds with a gun.
 The man aimed a gun at the policeman.
 The man was given a life sentence.
 The man denied having stolen the car.
 The man couldn't so much as write his own name.
 The man blew out his own brains.
 That man can't have committed suicide.
 The man pleaded self-defence.
 The man turned out to be a private detective.
 The man charged me with being irresponsible.
 The man took my arm.
 The man hit me on the head.
 The man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot.
 The man robbed me of my bag.
 The man begged me for money.
 The man made to grab at me.
 The man asked me who I was, to which question I did not think it necessary to answer.
 The man robbed me of my purse.
 The man is liable to the death penalty.
 The man was on the brink of death.
 After three drinks, the man passed out.
 The man committed murder.
 The man was imprisoned for murder.
 The man is wanted for murder.
 The man attacked her with the intention of killing her.
 There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
 The man said he was innocent of the crime.
 The man took up with his wife.
 The man regained the use of his left arm.
 The man wore a gun on his hip.
 The man was held in police custody.
 The man returned from his vacation full of beans.
 The man used much money to gain power.
 The man was handed over to the police.
 The man is anything but honest.
 The man groaned in pain.
 The man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire.
 The man walked round the corner.
 She was sure the man was telling a lie.
 The man fell in love at first sight.
 The man wanted to have a drink.
 The man lay asleep all day long.
 The man drove his car at a uniform speed.
 The man kept talking for an hour.
 The man went begging from door to door.
 The man sold his soul to the devil.
 That man is skinny, but his wife is fat.
 The young man tricked me into consenting.
 The man blushed like a boy.
 The guy was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation.
 The man was in rags.
 The man dashed the bottle against the wall.
 The man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger.
 What expensive pictures the man bought!
 The man wore a mask of a tiger.
 The man went off at last.
 The man speaks English with a German accent.
 The man finally confessed.
 The man finally confessed what he had done.
 The man beguiled me of my money.
 The man was sitting on a fallen tree.
 The man lives from hand to mouth and never saves a cent.
 The man is suspected of having a hand in the affair.
 The man admitted having broken into the house.
 The man is too wise to do such things.
 The man lost all hope.
 The man lost no time in reading his paper.
 The man lay motionless.
 The man was used to treating this kind of wound.
 The man had something under his coat.
 The man built up a large fortune.
 The man always cadges money from me.
 The man tried to install his own antenna.
 The man died of thirst in a dry country.
 The man controlled the country for fifty years.
 That man has one box.
 The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
 The man was no better than a horse.
 The man gave a big cry.
 The man went to pieces when the judge said he would have to go to prison for life.
 The man, whom I didn't know at all, knew about me well.
 The man decided to wait at the station until his wife came.
 The man glanced at the news program and was shocked.
 Well do I remember the man's name.
 The man's name was Francisco Pizzaro.
 The man entered the next room.
 The man lost his way in the woods.
 The man died in a car accident.
 The man looked at me.
 The boy is totally dependent on his parents.
 That boy watches over the sheep.
 The boy mocked his friend for being a coward.
 The boy is clinging to his mother.
 The boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
 The boy trotted to his father's side.
 The boy is sick, though he doesn't appear so.
 When the boy came in contact with the hot stove, he burned his hand.
 The little boy held his mother's hand firmly when crossing the street.
 I saw the boy in brown shoes.
 The boy got sick from anxiety.
 The boy lifted the heavy box with one hand.
 The boy got his hands dirty.
 The boy has learned to read.
 The boy has never been to the zoo.
 The boy is over there.
 The boy caught the dog by the tail.
 The boy began to cry.
 The boy observed the birds all day.
 The boy feared the dark.
 The boy took the radio apart.
 The boy narrowly escaped drowning.
 Everybody laughed at the boy.
 The boy was laughed at by everybody.
 That boy won't tell me his name.
 The boy was lying on his stomach watching TV.
 The boy had the dish empty in a moment.
 The boy deemed that he cheated in the examination.
 The boy fell and scraped his knee.
 The boy cut the cake in two.
 The boy persisted in wearing his hair long.
 The boy has been sleeping for ten hours.
 The boy talks as if he were a great scholar.
 Taking care of the boy is a great drain on her energies.
 The man's behavior was very odd.
 He knew nothing bad about him, but he felt something evil.
 The man was devoid of such human feelings as sympathy.
 The man has no house to live in.
 Out rushed the man and his wife.
 The man and his wife helped each other.
 All the men are hardworking.
 You must have nothing to do with the man.
 I saw the man get ganged up on.
 The man asked me for some money.
 It is evident that the man is wrong.
 She became scared when she noticed the man following her.
 That man is alleged to have committed the murder.
 The man robbed Susan of all her money.
 It is not clear when the man was born.
 The man's statement to the pretty girl that he was a millionaire was all eye-wash.
 The man, Oedipus, trembled.
 The organization is concerned with the welfare of the aged.
 The organization plays a principal role in wildlife conservation.
 The organization furnished the refugees with food.
 The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
 The group consists of students in all.
 The group withdrew their support for the Government.
 The group tried to solve social problems.
 The group was made up of teachers and students.
 The organization is not connected with any political parties.
 The country's foreign trade totally depends on this port.
 The mystery story is so hard that I don't like it.
 The detective disguised himself as an old gentleman.
 The detective has a lot of adventures.
 It is difficult for me to pronounce the word.
 Look up the word in the dictionary.
 Look up the word in your dictionary.
 I looked the word up in the dictionary.
 I'm not sure how to pronounce the word.
 I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
 Tell me how to spell the word.
 You had better look up the word.
 Look up the word in the dictionary for yourself.
 The word is not in my dictionary.
 How is the word pronounced?
 If you don't know the meaning of the word, you have to look it up in the dictionary.
 If you are not sure about the meaning of the word, look it up in your dictionary.
 Will you tell me how to spell the word?
 The river runs through the valley.
 There is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley.
 You have too many books on the shelf.
 The escape was nothing less than a miracle.
 Great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement.
 The falls are some distance below the bridge.
 The first was the school uniform.
 The continent is abundant in fossil fuels.
 The millionaire began life as a poor boy.
 The millionaire intended to purchase the masterpiece regardless of cost.
 The president was a farmer when he was young.
 When the big earthquake occurred, I was just ten.
 The cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
 The minister was in a fix over illegal dealings.
 The minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
 The minister contradicted his own statement.
 The minister, whom I spoke to recently, agrees with me.
 The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
 What was she doing when she made that blunder?
 The cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling.
 The ambassador will be recalled from his present post soon.
 Few passengers survived the catastrophe.
 The chest is three feet wide.
 The giant plane screamed down in an almost vertical dive.
 How did you come by that much money?
 The university has turned out competent doctors.
 The university conferred its highest degree on him.
 The university graduated students last year.
 The university was alive with a festival.
 The college was founded by Mr Smith.
 The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.
 Please tell me the requirements for admission to the college.
 The president of the university is likely to resign.
 All the students of the university have access to the university library.
 That university's curriculum covers natural science and social science.
 They have a very good curriculum at that university.
 The college has a placement bureau for students.
 Who organized that meeting?
 They say the landlord used to be well off.
 The heavy rain brought floods in the valley.
 That captain handles his troops well.
 The large chain store created a new branch.
 I don't know how to manage that large estate.
 What is that big new building?
 The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
 That big advertisement tower puts our city to shame.
 He was very much frightened at the sight of the big snake.
 The boy found the big box contained nothing but old newspapers.
 Is it large enough?
 The typhoon destroyed many houses.
 The typhoon brought lots of rain to that area.
 The typhoon did great damage to the village.
 The damage from the typhoon was enormous.
 The typhoon prevented our plane from leaving.
 Three-fourths of the town was destroyed by the typhoon.
 The typhoon resulted in a lot of flooding.
 What is the altitude of the plateau?
 The representative was absent from the annual conference.
 Let's play cards instead.
 Instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
 The loan bears an 8% interest.
 The bag was big, and moreover, it was heavy.
 I think these attitudes are behind the times.
 The attitude holds good in such a situation.
 It was clear that the lazy student would never live up to his family's expectations.
 The weak boy was eliminated from the bitter contest.
 The waiting room was so noisy that I couldn't hear my name called.
 That fat girl consumes too much sugary food.
 Will there be anything else?
 He is a little slow, but otherwise he is a good student.
 It is otherwise correct.
 I will do anything but that.
 What else do you have in your pocket?
 The villagers thought him very generous.
 The villagers have done without electricity for a long time.
 The villagers serve their own needs by taking turns driving the bus.
 The villagers, however poor, were kind to others.
 There's narrow road to the village.
 It's only two miles to the village.
 The only access to the village is from the river.
 You can reach the village by bus.
 There is no bus service to the village.
 The village is insulated from the world.
 The village is now very different from what it was ten years ago.
 The village was isolated by the flood.
 The village tried to do away with school meals.
 The village is many kilometers away from the seashore.
 It will become more and more difficult to live in the village.
 The village was isolated by the heavy storm.
 In that village only one family remains.
 The village lies miles north of this town.
 That village is a great distance off.
 This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
 The village lay in a valley about half a mile in breadth.
 They were badly off in the village.
 The village is free from thieves.
 Most people in the village objected to the plan.
 It seemed that there was no one in the village.
 The village is now different from what it used to be.
 It is just my recollection that there remained no more than people in the village.
 There lived a pretty girl in the village.
 The village is connected with our town by a bridge.
 We will make up for the loss.
 I am accountable to him for the loss.
 The damage was covered by insurance.
 After that, internal temperature begins to climb rapidly.
 Is that as fast as you can go?
 His son was expelled from school.
 The gift is expressive of my feelings.
 The gifts will delight the children.
 The gift delighted the Indians very much.
 The statue is carved out of stone.
 The statue is missing its head.
 The statue expresses freedom.
 The statue was cast in a mold.
 The statue was cast in bronze.
 The noise continued for several hours.
 Either turn down that noise or turn it off.
 The noise kept me from sleeping last night.
 The noise kept me awake all night.
 Can you put up with the noise?
 It took a long time to accustom myself to the noise.
 I can't endure the noise.
 I can't put up with the noise.
 The noise is getting louder and louder.
 The frost rendered the orange crop worthless.
 The runner has firm muscles.
 The runner got a good start.
 The runner stole third base.
 I wonder which of the runners will come first.
 The device is attached fast to the ceiling.
 You can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating.
 The total came to ten dollars.
 Please don't open the window.
 It was this boy that broke the windowpane.
 The difference is not so great for me.
 The thin man paused in the shade with his knees a little bent.
 The thin man took a rest in the shade of a shrine.
 The quarrel originated in rivalry between the two countries.
 After the conflict there were many dead on both sides.
 It is impossible to catch up with the fast runner.
 The operation is quite free from danger.
 The warehouse was a front for drug traffickers.
 The twins are very much alike.
 The twins do resemble each other.
 I can't tell one twin from the other.
 The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
 The twins look so much alike it's next to impossible to distinguish one from the other.
 The twins look exactly alike.
 The twins have come down with measles.
 The twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart.
 The twins are as alike as two peas in a pod.
 The twins are so much alike that I can not distinguish one from the other.
 The twins looked after the baby.
 The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.
 The twin brothers are like two peas.
 Can you tell one of the twins from the other?
 Can you tell the twins apart?
 The priest participated in the children's games.
 The priest participated in the children's game.
 The judge in the case was not fair.
 The system will go into operation in a short time.
 We detected a great fault in the system.
 The accountability of the management of the organization is held in question.
 That organization depends on voluntary contributions.
 Have you heard anything about the organization?
 The union has a dominant influence on the conservative party.
 The union was modest in its wage demands.
 The class consists of boys.
 You ought to think over whether the premise is valid or not.
 Will I be able to get it before then?
 What is the average height of the players?
 Before that, we had better make sure of the fact.
 The player performed a wonderful feat.
 The player won the championship three times in a row.
 The player contributed to the victory.
 The player made a splendid comeback.
 The player swung the bat at a ball.
 The player was acclaimed by the fans.
 That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
 The athlete excelled in all kinds of sports.
 Notice how the player uses his elbows.
 The campaign succeeded and he won the election.
 The captain went to sea when he was nineteen.
 The storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port.
 A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
 The ship will set sail for Hong Kong tomorrow at p.m.
 The ship sails for Honolulu tomorrow.
 The ship sailed around the cape.
 The ship left every Monday.
 The ship was stowed with arms.
 The boat drifted out to sea.
 The boat was broken by the floating ice.
 The ship was drifting at the mercy of the waves.
 The ship was at the mercy of the waves.
 The ship made for the shore.
 The boat sailed across the Pacific Ocean.
 The ship will set sail at noon.
 The ship was bound for Kobe.
 The ship set sail only to sink two days later.
 The ship is about to set sail.
 The ship stands in need of repairs.
 The ship gained on us.
 That ship crossed the equator yesterday.
 The ship is now in the harbor.
 The ship carried hundreds of emigrants to the US.
 The ship encountered rough seas.
 The ship is at sea.
 The ship is at anchor in the harbor.
 The ship transports raw materials from Indonesia.
 The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
 The ship stopped a little way off the shore.
 The boat drifted about on the sea.
 The ship went down to the bottom of the sea.
 The ship will arrive by way of several countries.
 The ship will call at Yokohama.
 The ship will touch at Yokohama and Kobe.
 The ships were buffeted by the wind and the rain.
 The ship is not equipped with radar.
 The ship went down slowly.
 The ship is bound for the Gulf of Mexico.
 The ship is bound for Finland.
 The ship was carrying a lot of passengers on board.
 The ship was built at considerable expense.
 The ship is at sea for India.
 The ship was bound for Cairo.
 The ship was flying the American flag.
 The ship is called "Lost Ship."
 The ship disappeared beyond the horizon.
 The ship set sail.
 They unloaded the ship.
 The vessel was loaded with coal, lumber, and so on.
 The boat was equipped with radar.
 The ship abounds with rats.
 It is clear that the ship sank.
 We saw the boat tossing on the stormy sea.
 The ship came in sight.
 Its potential influence cannot be overestimated.
 The washing machine is somewhat out of order.
 The washing machine is out of order.
 How do you find your washing machine?
 The agitator is inclined to exaggerate trivial matters.
 The fighter plane released its bombs.
 Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
 A lot of people starved during that war.
 The war affected the way the Japanese view nuclear weapons.
 The war was over at the price of many lives.
 The war ended with many victims.
 The war didn't break out by accident.
 The war resulted from a mistaken policy.
 The war took place years ago.
 The war lasted two years.
 The war ended in 1954.
 The tragedy of war must not be forgotten.
 The war deprived them of their happiness.
 As a result of the war, many people died.
 Many people were killed in the war.
 As a result of the war, a great number of victims remained.
 In the war, many people died young.
 It was the war that changed Japan.
 The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
 The soldier worries about spears.
 That fight seemed like a life-or-death struggle.
 How long would it take to swim across the river?
 The river flows between the two countries.
 The river flows down to the sea.
 The river is wide.
 The river is fifty yards across.
 The river is meters in breadth.
 The river is meters across.
 The river flows into the Sea of Japan.
 The river flows along the north of island.
 The river flows through the town.
 The river furnishes electric power to the town.
 The river winds through the forest.
 The river has dried up.
 The river discharges into a lake.
 The river is dangerous.
 The river flows through the city.
 The river is polluted by waste from houses and factories.
 The river has become much cleaner than before.
 The river flows slowly to the sea.
 The river runs parallel to the main street.
 The river is about half as long again as the Thames.
 The river is very beautiful around here.
 The river is best at this point.
 The river was not so clean.
 The river has its origin in the Japan Alps.
 A big bridge was built over the river.
 A railway bridge is already being built over the river.
 The river was alive with fresh water fish.
 There is a bridge across the river.
 Fish abound in this river.
 They run a ferry service across the river.
 There are plenty of fish in this river.
 Don't swim in the river.
 Have you ever tried skating on the river?
 The profession is attractive to women.
 The specialist predicts international tension will build up.
 Even the experts took the painting for a genuine Rembrandt.
 The teacher answers every question we ask.
 The teacher turned out to be sick.
 The teacher looked over the examination papers.
 The teacher grades easily.
 The teacher is in charge of the third year class.
 The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
 The teacher is fresh from college.
 The teacher is strict with his students.
 The teacher has no authority with his students.
 The teacher found it difficult to get his meaning across to the students.
 The teacher is counted the best dresser in our school.
 The teacher is counted as the best dresser in our school.
 The teacher told us a funny story.
 The teacher scolded his students severely.
 The teacher emphasized the importance of education.
 The teacher wants to do away with cheating on tests in school.
 The teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates.
 The teacher contemplated me for a while.
 The teacher has always been easy to consult with.
 That teacher is in charge of the third-year class.
 The teacher speaks good French, not to mention English.
 We ought to take the teacher's advice.
 The snow lasted for two days.
 I can't make head or tail of those directions.
 His explanation was not satisfactory.
 The explanation was beyond my understanding.
 The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
 The explanation may be much more complex.
 His explanation of the problem adds up to nonsense.
 The theory will find general acceptance.
 The tickets were not available for Friday's performance.
 The ticket is valid for a week.
 The ticket is valid to April 29.
 The ticket holds good for three days.
 Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
 Keep away from the vertical cliff!
 The cut will heal up in a few days.
 I saw the baby carried out of the burning house.
 The baby soon fell asleep in the cradle.
 The baby fell asleep in the cradle.
 The baby takes after his mother.
 The baby was the very image of his mother.
 Is the baby able to walk?
 The baby is able to walk.
 It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
 Who does the baby take after?
 The baby weighed seven pounds at birth.
 The baby showed a normal development.
 The baby woke up in the middle of the night.
 The baby transferred its affection to its new mother.
 The baby is asleep.
 The baby did nothing but cry.
 The baby wept to sleep.
 The baby kept crying all night.
 The baby cried on and off all night.
 The baby lay sleeping in the cradle.
 The baby cried for milk.
 The baby is crawling.
 The baby often annoys the mother.
 The baby will be able to walk soon.
 The baby was fast asleep.
 The baby was named Ichiro after his uncle.
 The baby was sleeping all day long.
 It fell to me to take care of the baby.
 I did the washing while the baby was sleeping.
 The baby can stand but can't walk.
 The baby fell asleep.
 The baby really takes after its father.
 The baby cannot even walk, much less run.
 The baby was named Alfred after his grandfather.
 The baby is cutting his teeth.
 The baby never kept still while I was taking his picture.
 The baby did nothing but cry all last night.
 The baby cried itself to sleep.
 That baby does nothing but cry.
 The baby has been crying for almost ten minutes.
 The baby cannot walk yet.
 The babies are taken care of by volunteers.
 The baby began to crawl.
 The baby is called Tom.
 The baby tried to get at the red candle on the table.
 The baby seemed to be sleeping a sound sleep.
 The baby is playing with some toys.
 The baby was taken care of by its grandmother.
 The baby's growth is normal for his age.
 The red hat blends well with your dress.
 The fault is on the part of my father.
 That responsibility is a burden to him.
 He is to blame for it.
 They hold me responsible for it.
 The stone was so heavy that nobody could lift it.
 The stone is too heavy for me to lift.
 The stone was carved into a large statue.
 The stone was inscribed with the date of his death.
 That old tradition has disappeared.
 Once there lived an old man in a village.
 The tax bill was passed yesterday.
 The tax bore hard on the peasantry.
 The young man came out of the house opposite.
 The young man burst into laughter.
 The young man is quite suited for the position.
 The blue dress suits her.
 That blue dress suits you very well.
 The product carries a high price tag.
 The products are sold on a world scale.
 Export of the product will start soon.
 Building the steel factory was a great enterprise.
 The manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for years.
 The industrialist found a wealthy financier to help him weather the storm which was inevitable.
 The statement was not timely.
 There wasn't a scrap of truth in the statement.
 The statement imported that changes were necessary.
 When he heard the voice, he looked out of the window.
 The voice reminded me of my mother.
 The priest pretends to be solemn in public.
 Many people visited the shrine where the saint lay buried.
 The vigorous man is engaged in diverse activities.
 The biologist is proud of his historic discovery.
 Both those students passed all the tests.
 Some of the students like to draw pictures.
 Not all those students are present.
 That student runs fast, doesn't he?
 The student did not so much as answer the teacher.
 The pupil was half asleep in class.
 The pupil held up his hand to ask a question.
 That student sometimes affects illness.
 The student missed class three times in a row.
 The student has already solved all the problems.
 The pupil was punished for smoking.
 The student was caught in the act of cheating.
 The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
 The student's progress is satisfactory.
 The students were told to turn in reports by the next day.
 All the students clapped their hands.
 Some of the students played tennis, and the others played volleyball.
 You had better see the cloth with your own eyes.
 In its home country of Germany, the hot dog was called the frankfurter.
 The stars shone all the time.
 The star is so bright as to be seen with the naked eye.
 The hair-dressing liquid gave off a strong smell.
 The high-ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election.
 The government oppressed the people.
 The politician was not ashamed of having taken bribes.
 The politician had sticky fingers, and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket.
 The politician spoke with an important air.
 The statesman is worthy of respect.
 The politician had to take back his words and eat crow.
 The politician said he was deeply indebted to everyone for their support in the election.
 The politician did not bother to apologize for betraying our trust.
 The statesman seems to be concerned with the affair.
 The wife and son of the statesman died three years ago.
 The politician first made a name for himself as an actor.
 The statesman is now in full vigor.
 The politician lost his position in the end.
 That politician has been trafficking in drugs for years.
 The politician claimed to oppose the conclusion.
 The statesman barely coped with the intricate issue.
 The statesman comes from Arizona.
 The name of this statesman is known to everybody in Japan.
 The statesman's death had a great impact on the political world.
 When the politician died, everybody hoped the son would follow in his father's footsteps.
 The political scandal was brought to light by two journalists.
 We have to conclude that the policy is a failure.
 The policy will only accelerate inflation.
 This policy resulted in a great rise in prices.
 The success animated him with hope.
 I'm not overly interested in the event.
 The uniforms are different from those of our school.
 I have no personal hostility to the system.
 All of us were not satisfied with the system.
 The opinion poll was based on a random sample of adults.
 The skit was presented by fifth grade students.
 The fork made its way to Western tables several hundred years later, but it was not immediately accepted.
 One king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years.
 Those were the years when they were happiest.
 The figure indicates approximately two thirds of the freshmen are indifferent to politics.
 There seem to be few people who can solve that math problem.
 Have you figured out the math problem yet?
 The math homework proved to be easier than I had expected.
 Have you learned the number by heart?
 The drunken man awoke to find himself in prison.
 The drunken man couldn't walk straight.
 The drunkard had too much to drink; he has gone haywire.
 The decline can be traced to the 1950s.
 The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
 The water was fouled by oil.
 The water runs downward to the pond.
 The water is not fit to drink.
 The water will come to a boil in minutes or so.
 The mystery contains more dialogue than narrative.
 The figures are exactly alike.
 The library has many books.
 The library is now under construction.
 The library is eighty years old.
 The chart illustrates how the body works.
 The anthropologist delivered a lecture on primitive cultures.
 They are both working at the pet store.
 They should have bold ideas.
 The men were carrying the boy to the hospital.
 They should also be fair to others.
 The people are playing baseball.
 The people tried to clear the street of snow.
 The people don't like the birds.
 The people resisted their cruel ruler.
 The doll lay on the floor.
 Covered with dust, the doll stood in the corner of the room.
 The popular singer committed suicide.
 That popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall.
 The man wrote down the name for fear he should forget it.
 The man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
 Is the man old or young?
 The man is intelligent and industrious.
 The man must have succeeded in business by virtue of his efforts.
 The man is well-known all over the village.
 The man died a few hours ago.
 He was kind enough to take him to the shop.
 They would think the person is modest or lazy.
 The man tried to catch hold of me by the collar.
 The man jumped at our offer of a half-price bargain sale.
 The man is all but dead.
 The man was dying.
 The man went out of his way to take me to the station.
 The man was surprised at the news.
 The man is not concerned in this project.
 The man died of cancer.
 Did he look like a doctor?
 The man extricated Ellie from a dangerous situation.
 His name eludes me.
 Can their families say this for them? Some people think this is a good idea.
 What he said was over my head.
 A man may be known by the company he keeps.
 You can't judge a person if you don't know him well.
 You cannot judge a person if you don't know him well.
 I once met him when I was a student.
 You ought not to speak ill of others behind their backs.
 The man would jump at our offer of a half price bargain sale.
 I met him once when I was a student.
 How did you get to know that person?
 The man stood up and began to sing.
 They are just waiting for the storm to pass.
 Those people appreciate clarity.
 The people are on the team.
 They should have a noble mind.
 They are satisfied with the contract.
 The man behind them is playing the piano.
 They are having a chat.
 I quite cottoned on to that man.
 You don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect.
 The gentleman is a very famous pianist.
 Tell me what the gentleman is like.
 I remember seeing the gentleman before.
 The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
 The shrine was built two hundred years ago.
 The decay of the shrine is due, in part, to acid rain.
 The nervous girl is in the habit of chewing the end of her pencil.
 Good care should be taken of the pearl.
 The truth knocked the breath out of him.
 The fact was brought to light.
 Few people know the true meaning.
 It was stupid of you to have turned down the offer.
 I rejected the offer.
 I accept the offer.
 Your offer is a life-saver.
 I had no choice but to accept the offer.
 The offer is worthy of being considered.
 The offer is too good to turn down.
 The forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds.
 The animals in the forest died off.
 There lived an old couple in the woods.
 Birds abound in the woods.
 The new medicine demonstrated an immediate effect.
 The manner in which the new salesman made top sales level was an eye-opener to his supervisor.
 The newspaper recalled the special correspondent to the main office in Tokyo.
 The newspaper company has ten aircraft.
 The newsman has a nose for news.
 Please give me the paper when you have done with it.
 The newspaper alleged his involvement in the crime.
 The newspaper has a large circulation.
 The newspaper called for the government to stop inflation.
 The paper published a profile of its new editor.
 Are you through with the newspaper?
 The circulation of the newspaper is only one-third that of its competitor.
 The paper didn't carry the story.
 I slipped on the paper and hurt my leg.
 The new teacher clicked with the students.
 The new boy is distant because he does not know us.
 The new student became friends with Ken.
 The new product is on sale.
 The new product will not be distributed through conventional channels.
 The rookie breathed new life into the team.
 The advance reviews of the new film are very favorable.
 The new couple have gone off to Hawaii on their honeymoon.
 The newly married couple walked hand in hand.
 The new model clicked with the public.
 The new model car will be brought to market in May.
 The new model car was put through several tests.
 Those new model cars are on the market.
 I learned about the new book by the advertisement in the magazine.
 It is impossible to get him to understand the new theory.
 The new theory is too abstract for ordinary people.
 Your new hat is very becoming on you.
 Under the new law, husbands can take days off to care for their children.
 The new method was anything but ideal.
 The new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty.
 The new store is going to open next week.
 The new method is well worth consideration.
 The new title has good connotations.
 He argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession.
 The new library has been under construction since last year.
 The new document system is worth $4,000.
 The new car is hers.
 The new job challenged his skill.
 The new nation is under the economic influence of Japan.
 Someday the new research work will be completed.
 The new building is enormous.
 I cannot agree with you as regards the new plan.
 The new bridge is under construction.
 The new machine will take a lot of room.
 Having discussed the new project for three hours, we concluded that Andrew's plan was the best.
 The new machine will be in use.
 The new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people.
 The new movie was a big hit.
 The new hotel invited suggestions from the guests.
 The new plan is based on our idea.
 The new tie goes with your jacket.
 The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
 The new designs are much better than the old ones.
 The new style seems to have caught on this year.
 The new supermarket was opened last month.
 The umpire was partial to the team from his country.
 The bedroom was laden with beautiful ornaments.
 The devout Christian persists in his belief.
 Cholera germs were found in the food.
 The table groaned with food.
 The food was not fit for man or beast.
 The meal includes dessert as well as beverage.
 The meal satisfied his hunger.
 Diet accounts for more than one million deaths.
 The food tasted slightly of garlic.
 The food went bad in the hot weather.
 The girl with fair skin passes for nineteen.
 The color went beautifully with her hair.
 The color goes against her taste.
 That color is becoming to your face.
 The colors shade from yellow into green.
 The color is purple rather than pink.
 We call that color "midnight blue".
 Proper qualifications are required for the position.
 The prime purpose of the profession is the rendering of a public service.
 There were a good many candidates for the position.
 Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.
 The colony declared independence and became a republic.
 The colony declared independence.
 The colony has not declared independence as yet.
 The roses were in full bloom in the botanical garden.
 Pull the plant up by the roots.
 Don't expose the plant to direct sunlight.
 The plants were damaged by the late frost.
 The plants were damaged by the frost.
 The plants died for lack of water.
 The plants withered because they had no water.
 This plant grew little by little.
 The plant ranges from the north of Europe to the south.
 The plant has an underground stem.
 The plants are peculiar to the district.
 I will make certain of the situation.
 I am sure the situation will take a turn for the better.
 War broke out when the treaty was ignored.
 The clause provides that all decisions shall be made by majority vote.
 The treaty is now a dead letter.
 Terms were signed between Japan, Germany, Great Britain and the United States.
 I am not at all pleased with the condition.
 We will only consent on that condition.
 The information was quite useless.
 The information was given away to the newspaper prior to the announcement.
 The information is useful to a great many people.
 Some of the information is very important.
 The correctness of the information is doubtful.
 The information counts for much to us.
 The information is in a file in my computer.
 The information is very important to us.
 This was faulty information.
 The information reinforced his opinions.
 The passion has burned itself out in him.
 I want to see the scene in slow motion.
 The scene was embedded in his memory.
 The scene impressed itself on my memory.
 The scene was shown in slow motion.
 Whoever visits the place admires its beautiful scenery.
 I have visited the place time after time.
 The place was alive with creative young people.
 The place is worth visiting at least once.
 The place is very much built up now.
 The place is convenient for swimming.
 The place is certainly worth seeing.
 The place is invested with an air of mystery.
 The place is worth visiting twice.
 The place is at its best in spring.
 The place is easy to reach from here.
 In that case, you are right.
 In that case, call the police.
 He says things on the spur of the moment.
 The place just doesn't look as good as it used to.
 There were not many present.
 Now, all heads turn toward the dean, who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light.
 No one happened to be there.
 The air was charged with tension.
 Those who were present were very glad at the news.
 The girls present received a shock.
 One of the gentlemen who were present addressed the pupils.
 Stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction.
 The castle stands three miles north of the town.
 The castle was transformed into a marvelous museum.
 The castle was burnt to ashes.
 The castle has been restored and is open to the public.
 The castle is now in ruins.
 The castle was in disrepair.
 The castle is worth visiting.
 The castle is a good distance off.
 When was the castle built?
 The castle dates back to 1610.
 The castle, burnt down in 1485, was not rebuilt.
 Hearing the joke, he burst into laughter.
 That joke isn't funny.
 I cannot help laughing at the joke.
 We could not help laughing at the joke.
 I didn't get the joke.
 The coat has worn well.
 The jacket was cut too long.
 The good driver wove his way through the traffic.
 I met some other people in addition.
 The boss has a high opinion of his secretary.
 And, to make the matter worse, he has taken to drinking.
 To make matters worse, her husband died.
 Besides, it's starting to rain.
 The senator remained neutral in the furious controversy.
 The ice is thick enough to walk on.
 The senator avowed his devotion to his constituents.
 Don't sit upon it.
 I paid five dollars in addition.
 Furthermore, experiments were never carried out against the rules but were performed always well within them - otherwise they would not be recognized as experiments at all.
 In addition, I have to interview a professor.
 He was not aware that the praise was a satire in disguise.
 The prize money allowed him to buy a guitar.
 The prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise.
 The prize won't be given to her.
 The elephant was brought to the zoo.
 The elephant is liked by little children.
 The elephant won't move an inch.
 The evidence corresponds to his previous statement.
 The evidence was in his favor.
 The evidence left little room for doubt.
 The evidence left no room for uncertainty.
 The evidence proved him to be innocent.
 His story of the collision agrees with mine.
 That portrait reminds me of someone I knew a long time ago.
 The portrait was taken from the wall.
 The portrait shows the profile of a beautiful woman.
 The portrait looks exactly like the real thing.
 The ministry administers the internal affairs.
 The brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house.
 Lots of herons live in the marsh.
 The floor is covered with a thick carpet.
 All but the boy were asleep.
 There was no one that did not admire the boy.
 Six were invited, including the boy.
 It's no use trying to persuade the boy.
 Don't punish the boy severely; go easy on him.
 We did everything we could to save the boy.
 The boy said a wolf would come.
 The boy made his parents happy.
 The boy solved the simultaneous equation with ease.
 The boy was accompanied by his parents.
 The boy is obedient to his parents.
 The boy was taken away from school by his parents.
 The boy was to lose his mother at an early age.
 The boy learned the famous poem by heart soon after he read it.
 We found the boy interested.
 The boy was searching for the lost key.
 The boy pretended he could read, but he was holding the book upside down.
 I hear he traveled by bicycle from Hokkaido to Kyushu.
 The boy has a hunger for adventure.
 The boy caused his mother great anxiety.
 The boy chose to stay with his mother.
 The boy drew a picture on the wall.
 The boy was crying in the room.
 The boy is his father in miniature.
 The boy takes after his father.
 The boy answered his father back.
 The boy looked pleased with his new bicycle.
 The boy tried eating with chopsticks.
 The boy is tall for his age.
 The boy made a fool of himself.
 The boy was admitted to the school.
 The boy dreamed of going on an Antarctic expedition.
 The boy ran away.
 That boy was so clever that he was helpful to the merchant in dealing.
 The boy is capable of robbery.
 The boy was all but drowned.
 The little boy disappeared down the road.
 The boy was wandering about the town.
 The boy dyed his hair because he wanted to be noticed.
 The boy tried to be a man and not cry.
 The boy makes a fool of adults.
 The boy talks as if he were a man.
 The boy looked like a grown-up.
 The boy grew up to be a great man.
 The boy gave a great shout.
 The boy grew up to be a scientist.
 The boy grew up to be a great scientist.
 The boy is full of promise.
 The boy began to make noise.
 The boy came running.
 The boy peeped in at the window.
 The boy got in through the window.
 The boy was awarded a prize for good conduct.
 The boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend.
 The boy grew up to be a famous musician.
 The boy was good at mathematics so everybody considered him a genius.
 The boy lost sight of his mother in the crowd.
 The boy had the kindness to show us around.
 The boy is kind.
 The boy isn't aware of his parents' efforts to raise him.
 The boy lost his way in the forest.
 The boy was anxious for a new bicycle.
 The boy soon accommodated himself to his new class.
 The boy observed the growth of the plant.
 The boy neglected to water the plants, and he was scolded.
 The boy seems to know a great deal about plants.
 The boy was naked to the waist.
 The boy sat among the girls.
 The boy screamed for help, but couldn't make himself heard.
 The boy screamed for help.
 The boy rode a horse for the first time.
 The boy battled against a serious illness.
 The boy tried to move the heavy sofa in vain.
 The boy has got out of hand.
 The boy could not so much as write his own name.
 The boy became more eloquent.
 The boy was accused of cheating during the exam.
 That child is good at learning poems by heart.
 That boy used to drop in on me.
 The boy is the same age as my brother.
 The boy was helped by me.
 The boy dug a grave for his dog that had died.
 The boy was given up for dead.
 The boy dug a grave for his dead pet.
 The boy was absent from school yesterday because of illness.
 The young boy is in danger of drowning.
 The boy doesn't know how to behave.
 The boy was allowed to come along having promised to improve his manners.
 The boy became happy.
 The boy tried to saw off the dead branch.
 The boy turned out to be clever.
 The boy is far from a fool.
 The boy went to bed with his socks on.
 The boy fell from the bridge.
 The boy stood still in horror.
 The boy fainted, but he came to when we threw water on his face.
 The little boy laughed a merry laugh.
 The boy could not live up to the school rules.
 The boy could not keep up with activities in school.
 The boy has a good school record.
 The boy made vain efforts to reach the shore.
 The boy is a credit to our school.
 The boy ran toward his house.
 The boy has good reflexes.
 The boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside.
 The boy was permitted to go with them.
 The boy crammed all his clothes into the bag.
 The boy sat on a chair.
 The boy is afraid to go to bed in the dark.
 The boy stepped on my foot on purpose.
 The boy used to drop in on me very often.
 The boy reached out for another piece of cake.
 The boy talks as if he were a girl.
 The boy talks like a great scholar.
 The boy put his hand in his pocket.
 The boy has an apple in his pocket.
 The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus.
 The boy told me why he was crying.
 The boy can handle a knife and fork very well.
 The boy is very honest.
 The boy hid behind the door.
 The boy made fun of the girl.
 The boy took a fancy to the dog.
 The boy took great pains to solve the quiz.
 The boy kept standing for a while.
 The boy was used to being scolded.
 The boy got scolded.
 The boy threw a stone at the frog.
 The boy knows how to throw a curve.
 The boy thrust the coin into his pocket.
 The boy was almost drowned.
 The boy exclaimed in delight.
 The boy all but fell into the river.
 The boy cannot keep quiet for ten minutes.
 The boy does not dare to do so.
 The boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue.
 The boy more than justified the favourable opinion they had formed of him.
 The boy came around when we threw water on his face.
 The boy will wait for you till you come back.
 The boy has been absent from school for eight days.
 There seems to be something peculiar about the boy.
 The boy attempted an escape, but failed.
 Both the boy and the girl are clever.
 All the boys are honest.
 The boy at last put an end to their quarrels.
 The two boys lived alone with a lovely cat.
 All the boys didn't laugh at him.
 It was next to unthinkable that the boy would steal.
 The boy cannot have stolen my umbrella.
 Do not punish the girl severely; go easy on her.
 You should treat the girl kindly.
 The little girl, deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story, burst into tears.
 I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
 The girl talked to her parents about her college life in Tokyo.
 The girl lent her friend her new typewriter.
 The girl is skillful at knitting.
 The girl exercised on the parallel bars.
 The little girl clung to her father's arm.
 Filled with sorrow, the girl looked him in the eye.
 The girl turned her back to the man.
 The girl treated her horse kindly.
 The girl is small for her age.
 The girl had a large red hat on.
 The girl began to cry at the sight of the big dog.
 The girl has grown into a slender woman.
 The little girl was left in her grandmother's care.
 The girl grew up to be a pianist.
 The girl was gazing at the doll.
 The girl was kind enough to show me the way to the museum.
 The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
 The girl closely resembles my dead mother.
 The girl was afraid of her own shadow.
 The girl brushed past me.
 The girl sat beside me.
 The girl smiled at me.
 The girl is friendly to me.
 The girl is getting over mountains of difficulties.
 The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
 The girl was badly injured in the traffic accident.
 The girl is afraid of dogs.
 The girl made off with her employer's money.
 The girl has golden hair.
 The girl did nothing but cry.
 The little girl burst into tears.
 The girl appeared sick.
 The girl fainted, but she came to when we threw water on her face.
 The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
 The girl is a nurse.
 The girl danced in a way that brought joy to the audience.
 The little girl laughed a merry laugh.
 No sooner had the girl caught sight of the monster than she ran away.
 The girl is smelling the flowers.
 The girl had to abandon the idea of becoming a singer.
 The girl basks in the love of her family.
 The girl was very useful about the house.
 The girl did not say anything.
 The young girl burst into tears.
 The girl screamed when she saw the flames.
 The girl took the cake for her wonderful dancing at the recital.
 The girl was sick for home.
 That girl's dress made her look like a grown-up.
 The girl looked so pale.
 The girl tore the cloth.
 The girl was given a prize for good conduct.
 The girl had flowing hair.
 The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
 The girl resembles her mother.
 The girl kissed her father on the cheek.
 The little girl was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
 The girl was always following her mother.
 The girl always carries her doll about.
 This girl is always smiling, but she's not happy.
 The girl, closing her eyes, listened to the pastor.
 The girl came around when we threw water on her face.
 The girl was laughed at by all her classmates.
 There was genius in the way the girl danced.
 The girl's name reminds me of my happy school days.
 Not one of the girl's teachers could account for her poor examination results.
 The girl has no mother.
 The girl's voice became weaker and weaker.
 The girl had no one to turn to for advice.
 Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.
 The girls danced in the gym.
 The girls began to laugh.
 When the girl entered the room, some boys made fun of her because of her little hat.
 The girl broke the window.
 The parcel weighs more than one pound.
 The path led to the village.
 The parcel was tied with string.
 The path twists through the mountains.
 The path continues straight ahead for miles on end.
 The track descends.
 The stream winds through the meadow.
 The novelist gathered materials for his work.
 The novelist wrote several romances.
 The novelist is popular among our generation.
 The novelist is pretty popular among teenagers.
 The fiction reduced girls to tears.
 I may have read the novel, but I don't remember it.
 It is worthwhile reading the novel.
 I recommend that you read that novel.
 Getting the novel, he begin to read it.
 The novel added to his reputation.
 The novel was published after his death.
 The novel is centered on the Civil War.
 The novel takes its title from the Bible.
 The novel has been translated into many languages.
 The novel is worthy of praise.
 The novel gives a manifold picture of human life.
 That novel isn't for children.
 I have read the novel before.
 Mr Robinson didn't write the novel.
 The novel has sold almost copies.
 The novel ends with the heroine's death.
 The novel, the author of which is a famous singer, is selling well.
 Who is the author of the novel?
 The novel had an initial print-run of 10,000.
 I don't understand this novel's plot.
 The heroine of the novel committed suicide.
 Let me have the novel when you have done with it.
 The small country was annexed to its larger neighbor.
 The small country is making great efforts to keep up with other developing countries.
 The cabin was built of logs.
 The hut kept the rain and dew out after a fashion.
 The hut was set on fire.
 The cottage looked as if nobody were living in it.
 The small animal gave off a bad smell.
 The small island came into sight.
 These smaller parts are called counties, and each county has a county council, like Westhamptonshire County Council.
 The little boy felt secure in his father's arms.
 The little boy has lost the money given to him by his father.
 The small statue is said to be made of fine gold.
 The little girl grew into a beautiful woman.
 The little girl was crying for the teddy bear.
 The little girl managed to keep silent, having been terrified by the lightning.
 The small dog tried to get away.
 The big dog remained calm as the small dog hung from its leg.
 The little flowers open at night.
 The small boat was at the mercy of the wind.
 The little boy gazed at the huge elephant, eyes wide open.
 The little girl never smiles at anyone other than Emily.
 The officer seemed to be afraid of their revenge.
 The general lived the rest of his life peacefully after his retirement.
 The goods will be delivered free of charge.
 The goods will be sold on the spot.
 The goods are advertised on TV.
 The goods were advertised on TV.
 I washed my hands of the whole business.
 The shopping district is easily accessible from our house.
 It is rumored that the firm is going to tie up with an American company.
 The victory was won at the cost of many lives.
 The victory excited us.
 The victory was dearly won.
 Our team was in high spirits because of the victory.
 His victory made him a hero.
 That actress made three entrances onto the stage.
 The wound has not healed yet.
 The actress greeted her fans from the stage.
 The actress is very popular with ladies.
 The actress was dressed beautifully.
 The actress is popular with young people.
 The actress looks younger than she really is.
 The actress seems to have walked through her part.
 The actress sued the magazine for libel.
 The actress said that she was engaged to a banker.
 The actress was presented a bouquet of flowers after the performance.
 The actress brought the whole silly play to life.
 The actress murdered her lines.
 I once saw the actress at a distance.
 The actress always wears expensive jewels.
 The actress made her debut when she was eight.
 The actress has a very beautiful name.
 The sales girl waited on me.
 The rumor is going around that the actress is going to get a divorce.
 The women are relaxing on the piano.
 The women are in front of a library.
 The hostess couldn't possibly tolerate his arrogance.
 That woman has wrongly accused me.
 The women are very supportive.
 The lady looked sad, also tired.
 The woman was at a loss whether to accept his proposal or not.
 The women will fine the man.
 The woman pressed the baby to her.
 She'll diagnose each person carefully.
 The woman is taking notes.
 The woman speaks as if she were a teacher.
 The woman goes by the name of Sue.
 The lady moved here a month ago.
 The lady persisted in wearing such an old-fashioned shirt.
 The woman tried to shout out "Help!" but the word stuck in her throat.
 The beauty of that lady was admired by everyone.
 The woman's face was marked with grief.
 The women stuck to their cause.
 Everyone in the girls' class brought their own lunch.
 The woman managed the drunk as if he were a child.
 The teacher had her eye on me because she thought I was cheating.
 Every time the woman teacher passed the school yard, someone gave her the razz.
 The woman was asked to make allowance for the poor health of the baby.
 The women bowed to each other so many times.
 It was Tom that saved the girl.
