I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
All these notions I have long since abandoned.
I bought this racket at a percent discount.
I bought this racket two months ago.
I like this love song.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant.
I bought this word processor at a reasonable price.
I can do nothing with this naughty boy.
I'm trying to rid myself of this bad habit.
I've been living with my uncle for a month.
I've been in Sapporo before.
I have been writing this manuscript for a year.
I found this film very exciting.
I was moved by this movie.
I can never see this movie without being moved.
I'll treat this play simply as a tragedy.
I will visit my uncle in Kyoto this summer.
I have put on two kilograms this summer.
I went camping last summer.
I have been nowhere this summer.
I got my license this summer.
This song is familiar to me.
I can sing this song without the text.
I couple this song with his name.
I want this luggage carried to my room at once.
I work at this company.
I compared this picture with that picture.
I know the artist who painted this picture.
I have never been to that town.
I entered this school two years ago.
I don't know everybody in this school.
I am a student of this school.
I cannot account for this strange happening.
I'll buy this desk for him.
I will make use of this opportunity.
This machine is familiar to me.
I'm pleased with these shoes.
I don't like this type of house.
I want this contract translated word for word.
I never watch this scenery without thinking of my grand-father.
I will keep this experience in mind forever.
I agree to this plan.
I am against this project.
I intend to carry this project through to completion.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
I'm going to carry out this plan.
I agree with you on this issue.
I am not liked by this dog.
I'll take care of this dog.
I don't know what this word means.
I am very much attached to this old straw hat.
I think it dangerous to swim in the lake.
I wish to be buried in this country.
I am unfamiliar with the customs of this country.
I am very busy these days.
I want a box three times as large as this.
I want to know about this mountain.
I feel a great joy for this job.
I think that this work is tiring.
I want this work finished by five.
Must I finish this work?
I know the very person that will do this job.
I really have to do this work today.
I want this work done by next Thursday.
I don't know this system, but the man in charge will explain.
I believe it my duty to protect these children.
I'll give these puppies to whoever likes dogs.
I'll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
I bore this trial.
I have nothing to do with this accident.
I am familiar with this subject.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I had to pay no less than 1,dollars for this watch.
I bought this watch at the store.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
I want to mend this watch.
I got this bicycle for nothing.
I bought this bicycle dirt-cheap.
I think this dictionary will be of great help to me.
I cannot dispense with this dictionary.
I think this dictionary useful for beginners.
I paid 1,yen for this dictionary.
I chose this dictionary of my own accord.
I want to buy this dictionary.
I found it easy to answer this question.
I put this question to him.
I know the photographer who took this picture.
The picture reminds me of my happy school days.
I never look at this picture without thinking of those happy days.
I bought this car at a bargain.
I'm a total stranger to things of this kind.
I can't make any sense of this letter.
I was aware of the trick in this magic.
I do not much care for this kind of drink.
I'm not particularly keen on this kind of music.
I've never seen this sort of bird.
I can't put up with this smell.
I am going to spend this weekend in Hawaii.
I have lived in this village for the past ten years.
I'll remember this incident for good.
I returned to my home this spring.
I can't put up with this hot weather.
I cannot stand this heat.
I cannot but feel anxious about the health of these women workers.
I grew up in this small town.
I gave the boy what little money I had.
I am as sad and lonely as can be.
I'm as tired as tired can be.
I got this information second hand, so I may be wrong.
I hope this treaty will contribute to peace in the world.
I've decided on this new car.
I have been working for this newspaper for years.
I was on my own during these months.
I can't figure out this mathematics problem easily.
I was the happiest man on earth.
I don't believe that there is any evil person in this world.
I like this blue dress.
I can't accept this theory.
I'd like to swim in this river.
I've made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I was absent last Tuesday on account of illness.
I missed the last train last Friday.
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
I went to the park last Sunday.
I didn't go out last Sunday.
I intended to have called on her last Sunday.
I bought a pound of meat the other day.
I can't put up with this noise anymore.
It was not until I entered this university that I got acquainted with her.
I can't understand the meaning of this word.
I want to get a fix on local culture.
I paid 2,yen for this atlas.
I am familiar with the geography of this town.
I collected this proposal.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I can't agree with you in this respect.
I can't agree with your opinion in this respect.
I agree with you on this point.
I will not give an inch on this point.
I want to stress this point.
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.
I am forbidden to use this telephone.
I am still a stranger here.
I went skiing for the first time this winter.
I don't know what to do about this difficult problem.
I'm at my wit's end with this difficult problem.
I have to look after this cat.
I have many coins in this box.
I cannot lift this box.
I want to remember this beautiful poem.
I like the arrangement of the furniture in this room.
I think I prefer this room as it was, before we decorated it.
I want to let this room to a student.
I'll make the room comfortable.
I use the room with my sister.
I bought this dress at a low price.
I can't make out the meaning of this sentence.
I don't know this neighborhood too well.
I am familiar with this neighborhood.
I'm a stranger in these parts.
I paid twenty thousand yen for this hearing aid.
I don't like this hat.
I bought this hat for yen.
I found this book very difficult.
I like this book best.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
I want to read this book.
I am interested in this book.
I paid yen for this book.
Thanks to this book, I learned some interesting facts about this insect.
I have read both of these books, but neither of them is interesting.
I think this book is easy.
I can recommend this book to you.
I got this book for nothing.
I read this book again and again.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
I found this book by chance in a secondhand bookstore.
I have a high opinion of this book.
I have to return this book to the library today.
I bought this book yesterday.
It took me three years to write this book.
I have to take these books back to the library.
I have read this book before.
I cannot read this book without shedding tears.
I went to Tokyo to buy this book.
I have enough money to buy this book.
I saw the whole accident with my own eyes.
I can understand this problem to some extent.
I can solve this problem.
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.
I'm trying to work out this problem.
I am using this term in Emmet's sense to refer to the psychological rules of language use.
I am interested in this story.
I believe that the story is true.
I like bread more than rice.
I love comedies.
I've lost interest in golf.
I like playing golf.
I'm a big fan of golf.
I will join a golf club.
I beat him at golf.
I am crazy about golf.
I don't have a clue how to play golf.
I've never played golf.
I cannot tell how this is done.
I will study English hard from now on.
Personally, I liked this one.
I have been studying French four years now.
I have the same word-processor as this.
I hold this as self-evident.
I have never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
I have visited more than nine countries up until now.
I've enjoyed good health all my life.
I never heard of such a machine before.
This is the most interesting book I have ever read.
I've never seen that kind of tree before.
I have been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I have been busy so far.
I have had several occasions for speaking English.
I've never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
I don't like all of these folk songs.
I don't like any of these records.
I move that these proposals be approved, and that action be taken as soon as possible.
I must know where these quotations originate.
I showed my friends these picture postcards.
I can remember these words exactly as he spoke them.
I know some of these boys.
I must help these people.
I took these statistics from a government white paper on education.
I made these boxes myself.
I can't make sense of these sentences.
I want some of these books.
I haven't read all of these books.
I am very interested in these stories.
I interpreted this as a protest.
I had intended to finish this yesterday, but I couldn't.
I had hoped to have finished this yesterday.
I bought this outright.
I need this.
I can't get along with that man any more.
I'm not going to take it anymore.
I do not like to take on any more work.
I cannot put up with his carelessness any longer.
I found the broken camera.
I was browned to a nice tan.
I wanted to go to the concert.
I'm looking forward to going to the concert.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
I wondered what time the concert would begin.
I wear contact lenses.
I regret having done such a thing.
This is the most beautiful river I have ever seen.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
I've never woken up this early.
I don't like being treated like this.
I can't drink coffee as sweet as this.
I count myself lucky to have such a devoted wife.
I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place in this noisy city.
I can't settle for this boring life.
Never have I read such a dull book.
Never have I seen such a beautiful rainbow.
I can't keep up with these changes in fashion.
I drew a circle with compasses.
I live close to a convenience store.
I'm computer-literate.
I can't do my job without a computer.
I don't know much about computers.
I am interested in computers.
I have a large body of information in my computer database.
I have a computer.
I have to get my computer repaired.
I found it easy to operate the computer.
I enjoyed watching the circus parade.
I'd like to go cycling.
I prefer walking to cycling.
I had my wallet stolen.
I was lucky enough to escape unhurt.
I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
I'm good at soccer.
I like such sports as soccer and rugby.
I can play soccer.
I like to play soccer.
I love watching soccer games.
I plan to reply to his letter right away.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
I don't want any sandwiches.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
I know a little about Shakespeare.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
I found Jane delighted at the play.
I saw Jane go into her classroom with a smile.
I shook hands with Jane.
I told Jane how to get to our school.
I told Jane to calm herself.
I want a Chicago guide.
I followed the deer's tracks.
I'm finishing my homework.
I soon got acquainted with almost all about my new job.
I did so, not because I wanted to, but because I had to.
I started to make stew.
I can't get rid of a nasty cold.
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I often ski.
I have often been there.
I have often listened to the music.
I often go to London.
I often told you to do your duty, but you would not listen to me.
I often look back at my younger years.
I often meditate on the meaning of life.
I was often seized by despair.
I often played tennis with her.
I often assist my sister to do her homework.
More often than not I lay awake all night.
I'll have to make do with the old car for a while.
I waited for a time.
I excused myself for a minute.
I saw Jim and Mary taking a walk hand in hand in the park.
I told Jim to restrain himself from drinking too much.
Though I had never met Jim, I could pick him out right away.
I wrote a letter to Jim.
I bought the chocolate for Jim.
I cannot run as fast as Jim.
I have made up my mind to become a journalist.
I want some potatoes.
I like jazz music.
I went to the public hall to listen to the jazz concert.
I want to buy the same watch as Jack has.
I washed my shirt clean.
I substitute honey for jam.
I saw a jumbo jet take off.
I want to play tennis with Judy.
I called at Judy's house.
I called on Judy.
I saw Julie off at the airport.
I said it by way of a joke.
Never did I dream that George would cheat me.
I want to join Joe's group.
I am not particularly fond of Shaw's plays.
I had Mr Jones correct my composition.
I play Chopin.
I can play Chopin.
I required that John leave at once.
I want the same guitar as John has.
I know that John is honest.
I watched John and Mary walking hand in hand.
I am called John.
I bought John an album.
I can't trust John with my car.
I was surprised at John's death.
I prefer John's car to his employers one.
I sat next to John.
We chose John as captain.
I suggested that John be called.
I made John happy.
I persuaded John to be examined by the doctor.
I heard Jill play the piano.
I have a good mind to visit the Silk Road.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer.
I like both Susan and Betty, but I think Susan is the nicer of the two.
I'm not about to marry Suzie.
I had my suitcase carried to my room.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
I often run into her at the supermarket.
I must have lost my purse in the supermarket.
I looked for him in the supermarket.
I've been to the supermarket.
I have been to the supermarket.
I like skiing.
I am fond of skiing.
I like skiing very much.
I'm good at skiing.
I was injured while I was skiing.
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.
I'm able to ski.
I prefer swimming to skiing.
I broke my leg while skiing.
I want to learn how to ski.
I broke my leg in two places during a skiing mishap.
I lost no time in visiting my aunt in the hospital yesterday.
I must set about that work without delay.
I will soon come up with you.
I took to the stranger at once.
I cannot remember the date offhand.
I could not make up my mind out of hand.
I am looking forward to seeing you again soon.
Will I get well soon?
I must send for the doctor at once.
I soon learned how to swim.
I must go to the station at once.
I started a fire right away.
I'll come back soon.
I will soon catch up with you.
I went at once; otherwise I should have missed him.
I suggested that we should start at once.
I travelled to Tokyo right away; it was past noon when I saw my uncle.
I quickly adapted myself to my new school.
I don't like people who get angry easily.
I saw at once that he was ill at ease.
I recognized him at once.
I took to her at once.
I left at once, otherwise I would have missed the parade.
I went skating on the lake.
I am not in the least surprised.
I was not a bit tired.
I would like to eat sushi.
I didn't watch Star Wars episode 1.
I've got wet inside out.
I'm not quite well.
I am completely out of breath.
I have completely got over the disease.
I visited Paris long ago.
I visited Canada long ago.
I visited Kyoto long ago.
I parted from her long ago.
I ran all the way, otherwise I could not have caught the train.
As I have walked all the day, I am very tired.
I have been busy.
I have always wanted to see a dragon, but dragons are not real creatures.
I like steak better than anything else, and eat it every other day.
I was satisfied with the steak dinner.
I like my steak cooked medium well.
I like my steak cooked medium rare.
I don't like such things as steaks and hamburgers.
I am already what you call elderly.
I have already finished the job.
I am already prepared.
I have already done my work.
I have already finished my homework.
I am writing a draft of the speech.
I was fined thirty dollars for speeding.
I got wet to the skin.
I slipped and twisted my ankle.
I like May the best of all the months.
I could answer all the questions.
I couldn't answer all the questions.
I feel a great love for all of humanity.
I love him most deeply of all men.
Of all animals, I like dogs best.
I am very poor at sports.
I don't care for sports.
I am not good at sports.
I am interested in sports.
I like tennis best of all sports.
I don't go in for sports.
I like music better than sports.
I like to play sport for fun not for competition.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I ironed out the wrinkles in my pants.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I put on my trousers.
I met a certain Mr Smith.
I asked for Mr Smith.
I have known Miss Smith for nine years.
I am acquainted with Mr Smith.
My pocket was picked.
I have many things to do.
I sat watching a baseball game on TV.
I sat watching an exciting game on television.
I almost didn't meet her.
I didn't have more than 1,yen.
I can only pay dollars at most.
I was robbed not more than yen.
I fell asleep with a sweater on.
I was mistaken for a salesman.
I do want to go with you.
I do want to do the sights of Kyoto.
I read the play aloud so that I could memorize all the lines.
I do not care for such a novel.
I got thinking about it over the weekend, when I was raking the last of the leaves out from under the bushes.
I am ashamed of having done so.
I felt it my duty to do so.
I think it's absurd to do so.
I know nothing to the contrary.
I said that to myself.
I cannot help deciding so.
I said so.
I regret having said so.
I cannot help thinking so.
I think so.
I do not think so.
I was surprised to see an old friend of mine there.
I've been working there for three months.
I have made several pen pals there.
I saw a strange woman there.
I'm going to stay there for a couple of days.
I stayed there for three days.
I'm glad I was there.
I wanted to stay there two days longer.
I don't know whether I can go there or not.
I've got a pass for the swimming pool.
I've been there once.
I asked my mother what to bring there.
I was made to go there.
I must go there.
I didn't go there because I wanted to.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
I'm still hesitating whether to go there or not.
I regret going there.
The shop was closed when I went there.
I was chilled with fear.
I have been the busiest of the three boys.
I know none of the three men.
I like Ted best of the three boys.
I watched the old woman cross the street.
I've deposited the money in the bank.
I had all the money stolen and was in trouble.
I confessed to stealing the money.
I would like to see the festival.
I am bound to attend the meeting.
I had to pay ten dollars for the cassette in addition.
I felt for the poor dog.
I have nothing to open the can with.
I can't decide whether to join that club.
I don't belong to the club.
I want to enter the club.
I am acquainted with the chairman of that club.
I gained admission to the club.
I had nothing to do with the group.
I like neither of the cakes.
I found the game very exciting.
I don't like the coffee.
I feel guilty about it.
I was deeply moved by that.
I talked with him about it over the telephone.
I am feeling sad about it.
I am not concerned with the matter.
I couldn't get rid of my doubt about it.
I feel at ease about it.
I am in no position to do anything about it.
I have heard of it before.
I was asked for my personal opinion about the matter.
I spoke to him about it over the telephone.
I discussed the matter with her.
I heard about it at first hand from my neighbor.
The proverb's message struck me to the core.
I know it very well.
I was scared at the mere thought of it.
I am not in the least worried about it.
I was entirely ignorant of the matter.
I didn't know that.
I ought to have consulted my parents on the matter.
I marveled at the golfer's skill.
I took part in the contest.
I call the computer Tim.
I use the computer.
I persuaded the policeman not to shoot the monkey.
I am acquainted with the custom.
I have nothing to do with the scandal.
I disposed of all the books.
I was taken in by the salesman.
I like the red ones on the shelf.
Am I included in the team?
I have three tickets for it.
I pushed the table out of the way.
I was able to pass the test.
I will be able to pass the test.
I'm in the tennis club.
It happened that I was not in London at that time.
It happened that I was out then.
I was swimming in the pool at that time.
I was walking to the station then.
I was just leaving home then.
I was all but dead at that time.
I had a mental blow at that time.
I went through so unpleasant an experience at that time.
I want to buy the dress.
I had enough money to buy that dress.
I was taken aback by the news.
I was very much surprised at the news.
I am much surprised at the news.
I got the news from a reliable source.
I heard the news by chance.
I am happy to hear the news.
I was happy to hear the news.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
I felt much relieved to hear the news.
I was very surprised to hear the news.
I could hardly wait to hear the news.
I met lots of famous people at that party.
I was invited to the party.
I met a Smith at the party.
I made friends with many Americans at the party.
I hoped to have joined the party.
I'll be present at the party with pleasure.
I took part in the party.
I wanted to take part in the party but I couldn't.
I will not attend the party.
I was unable to attend the party, nor did I want to.
I didn't enjoy every minute of the party.
I filled the bucket with water.
I made haste for fear that I should miss the bus.
I was waiting for the bus at that time.
I found the banana on a steep mountain road.
I admire the pianist for her great skill.
I don't know either twin.
I was very surprised at the huge fish.
I couldn't figure out how to do it.
I showed them how to do it.
I did not yield to such a rule.
I was ashamed of having said so.
I feel nothing but contempt for such behavior.
I have no liking for such birds.
I can not stand that kind of silly music.
I had never seen such a beautiful girl before.
I cannot bear such an insult.
I am training hard so that I may win the race.
It cost me 3,yen to buy the record.
I got the roller skates for nothing.
I passed over the dark street.
I approve the suggestion.
I'm dead set against the plan.
I am in favor of the option.
I brought a suit against the doctor.
I have great belief in the doctor.
I don't know the origin of the rumor.
I saw the movie five times.
I have seen that film long ago.
I saw the movie on video.
I have seen the film before.
I want to see the movie.
I haven't seen the movie, nor do I want to.
I missed seeing the film.
I intended to have seen the film by now, but I couldn't manage it.
I have a high opinion of the film director.
I took part in the English speech contest.
I was greatly impressed by the speech.
I wanted the musician to play some sad tune on his flute.
The sound took me by surprise.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
I felt my face turn pale when I heard that sound.
I was moved by the music.
I favored the hypothesis.
I hurried to the house only to find it empty.
I saw the house struck by lightning.
I will go and take a look at the house.
I got out of that house.
I have no idea of letting the house.
I received the hospitality of the family.
I heard the song sung in Italian.
I heard the song sung in French.
I failed to recall the song's title.
I cannot recall the words of the song.
I want to sing the song.
I like the singer's voice, too.
I had the artist paint my portrait.
I am willing to attend the meeting.
I'm going to attend the meeting.
I suggested that the meeting be put off.
I didn't attend the meeting, and he didn't either.
I could not attend the meeting.
I got a temporary job at the firm.
I'm on loan to the firm.
I applied for a position in the office.
I've come to like the picture more than ever.
I sold the picture for 20,yen.
I can't understand anything the foreigner says.
I stayed at a hotel on a hill in that town.
I don't know all of the students.
I cannot stand the cold.
I was here all the time.
I was cleaning my room for that time.
I was not aware of the trick.
I will make an application to that firm for employment.
I was aware of the danger.
I was fully alive to the danger.
I found that the machine was of no use.
I found it difficult to use the machine.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I had the article accepted by a travel magazine.
I took sides with them in the argument.
I took part in the athletic meeting.
I have to make the best of that small room.
I agree with the ban in principle, but in practice it will be extremely difficult.
I was able to study abroad by virtue of the money.
I left the money at his disposal.
I paid double the sum.
I've worn out the shoes.
I was thinking about the plan.
I'm not concerned with the plan.
I can't approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.
I had a contrary opinion to the plan.
I am quite opposed to the plan.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
It was quite easy for me to carry the plan out.
I made every effort to realize the plan but after all it turned out to be in vain.
I would like to carry out the plan.
I put the plan into practice.
I couldn't help laughing at the plan.
I am quite ignorant of the plan.
I was compelled to cancel the plan.
I watched the play from beginning to end.
I feel nervous about the result.
I am not in the least concerned about the result.
I was amazed at the results.
I was disappointed at the results.
I will answer for the result.
I am not satisfied with the result at all.
I am anxious about the result.
I can't help opposing the marriage.
I have nothing to do with the case.
I have no connection the matter.
I have a lot to think about in relation to the affair.
I spoke with him about the matter.
I was involved in the quarrel.
I tried to put an end to the quarrel.
I gave the dog two pieces of meat.
I trained the dog to do tricks.
I looked for the key.
I did not study both of the languages.
I cannot let the remark pass by in silence.
I paid double the price for the secondhand book.
I had been writing letters all that morning.
I went out for a walk with a book in my hand after that.
I have not seen him ever since.
I was ill for weeks after.
I don't know how to spell the word.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
I got injured in the traffic accident.
I wondered at the sight.
Well do I remember the scene.
I estimate that the work will cost more than $10,000.
I think that I want to apply for the job in the advertisement.
I dismissed the protest.
I was much amused at the idea.
I couldn't take in the lecture at all.
That lecture really stimulated me.
I concentrated my attention on the lecture.
I ought to have attended the lecture but I didn't.
I ought to have attended the lecture.
I felt out of place in the expensive restaurant.
I managed to overcome the difficulty.
I am familiar with the author's name.
I reached into the pile and felt soft fabric.
I can see the top of the mountain.
I found the work very interesting.
Not that I dislike the job, but that I am unfit for it.
I got tired with the work.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
I had some trouble with the work.
I am new to the work.
This work is new to me.
I felt inadequate to the task.
I am tired of the work.
I'm very glad that I've been singled out as being a suitable person for the job.
I thought it difficult to do the work alone.
I found it impossible to do the work in one day.
I don't know how to set about the work.
I will go through that trouble again.
I had the satisfaction of finishing the work.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
I want to excuse myself from the work.
I must excuse myself from the task, because I am unequal to it.
I was unable to complete the task.
I intended to have finished the work.
I think it necessary to finish the work by noon.
I did the job to the best of my ability.
I want the work done quickly.
I don't have the power to finish the work alone.
I've done the job two months in advance.
I do not know how to use it.
I cannot help wondering about the child.
I was annoyed with the boy for being lazy.
I tried to soothe the child.
I had to look after the children.
I wrote my name on the paper.
I joined the study tour.
I know a poet whose poems are widely read.
I cannot make anything of the poem's meaning.
I know the poem by heart.
I was asked to umpire the game.
I have two passes to the game.
I saw the match on television.
I found a lost cat for which its owner had been searching.
I have a guilty conscience about that.
I could not get rid of my doubt about it.
I have a concern in the business.
I have given up on that case.
I explained the matter to him.
I am not concerned with the affair.
I have nothing to do with that case.
I don't know everything about the event.
I looked into the incident.
I remember the day when the accident happened.
I got my leg hurt in the accident.
I got my right leg hurt in the accident.
I have nothing to do with the accident, and I know nothing.
I had nothing to do with the accident.
I took the fact for granted.
I merely came to inform you of the fact.
I haven't known the fact up to now.
I know the facts well enough.
I was quite ignorant of the fact.
I was aware of that fact.
I am aware of the fact.
The fact has come home to my bosom.
I want to have a talk with him about the matter.
I was going to speak to his father about that matter, but thought better of it.
I was watching TV then.
It happened that I was in Paris then.
I'll tell him so then.
I was about to leave the house then.
I had never seen that kind of fish until then.
I had never seen a beautiful building before.
I had never seen her before that time.
I had met her many times before then.
I have not seen him since then.
I was doing my homework then.
I was not studying then.
I was reading a book then.
I was eating dinner then.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I tried to answer the question, which I found impossible.
I was able to answer the question.
I refuse to answer the question.
I thought the questions were easy.
On the whole I am satisfied with the experiment.
The picture reminded me of Scotland.
I looked at the picture.
I got acquainted with the chief executive.
It is not that I don't like the car, but that I can't afford to buy it.
I saw the car hit a man.
The car overtook me.
I was overtaken by the car.
I was amazed at the speed of the car.
I can't pay for the car.
I bought the car at a 10% discount.
I spent three hours repairing the car.
I have a good opinion of the young candidate.
I like that young man.
I got the young man to carry the baggage for me.
I learned the truth from the letter.
I put off answering the letter for a week.
I asked her to make four copies of the letter.
I had received the letter three days before.
I read the letter again and again.
It took me three hours to write the letter.
I remember the letter.
I'm done with that lesson.
I don't like to take on the heavy responsibilities.
I carried the heavy bag on my back.
I could not attend the ceremony.
It will take me more than three hours to look over the document.
I think of the woman as a journalist.
I thought of the woman as a journalist.
I didn't know that woman at all.
I spoke to the actress herself.
I canceled my order for the commodities.
With being in the trade, I am able to get goods at a discount.
I'm going to apply for the scholarship.
I read through the novel.
I was encouraged by his words.
I saw the girl swimming in the river.
I bought the girl a sweater.
I know both of the girls.
I can't help feeling sorry for the girl.
I will employ the girl, because she can speak French.
I know the girl.
I don't know what has become of the boy.
I have no objection to the boy reading a book.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I felt sorry for the boy.
I know the boy.
I missed the point of the joke.
I could not but laugh at the joke.
I came in view of the castle.
I paid his wages on the spot.
I had to speak at a moment's notice.
I was immersed in the happy atmosphere of the occasion.
I got the information at first hand.
I passed the information on to him.
I am already acquainted with that situation.
I persuaded him to resign the post.
I found the workman very good.
I didn't need to pay for the food.
I know the gentleman.
I showed him my deepest regret.
I have warm feelings for that doll.
I went into the library; where I happened to meet Ann.
I puzzled over the difficult math problem.
I am of the opinion that the tax should be abolished.
I found the river dirty.
I was able to swim across the river.
I can swim across the river.
I went to see the river, which I found greatly swollen.
I had lost a camera in the previous day.
I met him on the previous day.
I recalled a newspaper story about those twins.
I must open the window.
I can open the window.
I can't put up with the noise any longer.
I must make up for the loss.
I reconciled myself to the loss.
I can't think of any other plan.
I remember the word.
I am remembering the word.
I felt like reading the detective story.
I caught the man stealing the money.
I saw the man jump.
I saw the man knocked down by a car.
I saw the man enter the room.
I have no wish to see the man again.
I met the man, who showed me the way.
I have no recollection of seeing the man.
I remember the man's face but I can't call his name to mind.
I hit the man on the belly.
I stared at the man.
I regarded the man as an enemy.
I was dismayed at the news.
I am glad to hear the news.
I was glad at the news.
I was surprised to hear the news.
I was floored by the news.
I was greatly disappointed at hearing the news.
Hardly had I heard the news when I felt like crying.
Although I trusted the map, it was mistaken.
I couldn't think of the name of the place.
I was deeply impressed with the medieval music.
I am acquainted with the author.
I got up at five that morning.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
I know some most respectable people in the town.
I know every inch of the town.
I threw a stone at the bird.
I wanted to catch the bird, but I found it too difficult.
I accept the statement as true.
I could hardly endure the pain.
I met Mr Smith on the street by accident.
I walked here and there on the street.
I was in a taxi driving east along the street.
I am in favor of the proposition.
I took shelter from rain under the shop's eaves.
I got a new hat at the shop.
I bought a hat at the store.
I asked many persons about the store, but no one had heard of it.
I agreed with him on that point.
I compromised with her on the point.
I stressed the point.
I carried the message to him.
I'm not moving out of range of that telephone.
I made a note of the telephone number.
I want to dispose of the land.
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV.
I usually got up at five in those days.
I was only a seven-year-old girl at that time.
I participated in the discussion.
I know the name of this animal.
I advised the shy young man to declare his love for the beautiful girl.
I have been busier than the two boys.
I do remember the day very well.
I tried to call on my memories of that day.
I had never seen him so completely bewildered as he was on that day.
I named the kitten Tama.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I like the actor.
I was advised to visit the museum.
I found it impossible to lift the box.
I do not make much of that discovery.
I measured the board in inches.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
I felt disturbed at the sad news.
I was much affected by the sad news.
I dare not tell her the sad news.
I was shocked at the sad news.
I could not help crying at the sad news.
I got the secret out of Mr Yoshida.
I hurried to the airport so as not to be late for the plane.
I couldn't make out the writing.
I feel sympathy for people with that disease.
I purchased the goods for half price.
I made the woman angry.
I cannot abide the insult.
I caught sight of him as I entered the room.
I found a piece of paper in the room.
I am not in the least interested in the story.
I was deeply touched by the story.
I found the story interesting.
I doubt the authenticity of the document.
I liked the book so much I ordered ten copies for friends.
I know the book is very difficult for us.
I found the book boring.
I want to read the book.
I paid two thousand yen for the book.
I paid dollars for the book.
I skipped the first few pages of the book.
I bought the book for ten dollars.
I want to buy a copy of the book, but it is out of print.
I read the thirty pages of this book.
I ordered the book from Britain.
I read the book from cover to cover.
I found it difficult to read the book.
I read the book over and over again.
I keep the book at hand.
I stretched out my hand for the book.
I read the book from beginning to end.
I succeeded in getting the book.
I telephoned my order for the book.
I finished reading the book.
I have just finished reading the book.
I should read the book.
I have not read the book nor do I want to.
I had two copies of the book.
I have no money to buy the book with.
I bought the book which was very cheap.
Scarcely had I bought the book when I was sorry.
I must give back the book to him by tomorrow.
I must get through with reading the book by tomorrow.
I found the question very easy.
I do not understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I don't understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I can't work out the problem.
I tackled him on the problem.
I discussed the problem with my friends.
I reflected on the problem.
I have almost no information about the problem.
I don't see eye to eye with him on that matter.
I remember having a hot discussion about the matter with him.
I consulted him relative to the subject.
I argued with them about the matter.
I refuse to discuss the question.
I had nothing to do with the matter.
I am well acquainted with the subject.
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
I can't agree with you as regards that matter.
I am unconcerned with the problem.
I was able to answer the question correctly.
I concentrated all my energies on the problem.
I'm facing that problem myself.
I'm in agreement on that matter.
I will come up with a solution to the problem.
I hadn't realized the magnitude of the problems.
I may not be able to cope with those problems.
I tried solving the problem.
I was able to solve the problem.
I found out how to solve the problem.
I attempted to solve the problem.
I tried to solve the problem, but I couldn't.
I tried to solve the problem, which I found impossible.
I'll keep the matter in mind.
I am thinking about that matter.
I can solve the problem by myself.
I have to solve the problem myself.
I gave careful consideration to the problem.
I discussed the matter with him.
I am going to visit the famous zoo.
I can tell you the reason at full length.
I tried in vain to explain the reason.
I want to know the reason.
I like both of them very much.
I got off the train.
I got up early so as to be in time for the train.
I took a taxi so as to catch the train.
I could not make the train.
I hurried to the station so that I wouldn't miss the train.
I saw the old gentleman cross the street and enter a store on the corner.
I cannot but feel sorry for the old man.
I saw the old man two or three times a week.
I consented to help the old lady.
I stepped aside for the old lady to pass.
I have read that story in some book.
That story brought to mind an old friend of mine.
I was much moved to tears at the story.
I know the whole of the story.
I could recite the story by heart.
I believe that story.
That story made me think over the future of Tokyo.
I was amused at the story.
I don't know about the USSR at all.
I can do it.
I was uncertain of my ability to do it.
I consider that a good opinion.
I thought it was a good book, but Jim thought otherwise.
I lifted my son so that he could see it.
I proved it to be true.
I don't know if it is true.
I think it true.
I made believe it was true.
I asked each boy three questions.
It's all right with him.
That sounds good to me.
That's just fine with me.
I have nothing to do with it.
I am not certain about that.
I know little or nothing about it.
I know nothing whatever about it.
I think I had better not say anything about it.
I have much to say about it.
I am fed up with it.
I am not concerned with it.
I was charmed with it, adopted it, dropped my abrupt contradiction and positive argumentation, and put on the humble inquirer and doubter.
I persuaded him to take part in it.
I am responsible for it, but my friends are not.
I'd better not eat that.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I had not gone so far before I felt sick.
I had never received such an abusive letter before.
I can't explain the difference between those two.
I could reply to all of them.
I didn't realize the difference between them.
I helped carry those bags.
I ordered those books from Germany.
I bought it for ten dollars.
I am going to tell you that.
I regretted having done it.
I am going to do it.
I completely forgot it.
I may as well die as do it.
I would rather die than do it.
I have made a promise to do it.
I got it for nothing.
I could not have done it.
I bought it at a department store.
I'm very bitter about that.
I'll get through it.
I will give it a try.
I have plenty of time to do that.
I can sing it in English.
I am thinking of getting it translated into English.
I should have completed it before summer.
I was all the more disappointed because of my expectations.
I meant it to be used as a textbook.
I should have reported it to the police, but I didn't.
I unwillingly undertook it.
I've seen it.
I'll write it on the blackboard.
I saw her for the last time.
I will do my best to finish it.
I use it.
It comes to my remembrance.
Never did I think of it.
I will do it myself.
I want to see it for myself.
I had to judge it for myself.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I will look it up in the dictionary.
I don't want to risk losing it.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
I tried to get it, but to no purpose.
I tried to get it, but in vain.
I must get it fixed.
I know it well enough.
I gave it to the little boy.
I could not bring myself to eat it.
I am not so simple as to believe that.
I read about it in the newspaper.
I acknowledge it to be true.
I have several dozens of them.
I don't know that.
I studied it thoroughly.
I will make every effort to get it.
I have read it to my great profit.
I'm not having any of that.
I have money enough to buy it.
I haven't got enough money to buy it.
I bought it.
I didn't mean to keep it secret.
I took it in a literal sense.
I felt all the more sad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that.
I am supremely glad to hear it.
I'm very sorry to hear it.
I felt better to hear that.
I'm so glad to hear that.
I forgot it.
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I can't make head nor tail of it.
I can testify to that.
I don't claim to be anything else.
I have been taking care of him ever since.
I have never heard of him since then.
I know better than to be believe such a rumor.
I am not in the least interested in such a thing.
I'm not in the least interested in such things.
I don't think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
I know better than to do such a thing.
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.
I'm not in so great hurry.
I'm not able to speak so fast.
I cannot read the book in so short a time.
I want to oppose such a foolish plan.
I decided not to do such a foolish thing.
I'm not in favor of such a plan.
I dare not go to such a dangerous place.
I don't want to run such a risk.
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
I doubt if it will.
I had a slight scruple about doing that kind of thing.
I'm not used to being talked to in such a rude manner.
I don't like to take on such heavy responsibilities.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
I can't abide such a person.
I cannot do it in such a brief time.
I am not used to being spoken to in that rude way.
I would rather die than do such an unfair thing.
I don't believe such a story.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a cook.
I usually go to bed before ten.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
I usually go home at four.
As a rule I get up at six o'clock, but yesterday morning I got up at eight.
I come home from work about seven every day.
I usually do my shopping at this supermarket.
I didn't know that most birds can't see at night.
I usually walk to school.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
I generally walk to school.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
I get a kick from diving.
I got very sleepy.
I can swim very fast.
Becoming very tired, I stopped to rest.
I found the track of the tire.
I have a lot of cameras.
I have a lot of things to do.
I wanted to get a lot of money.
I have a lot of pencils.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
I am getting fat because I eat a lot of sweets.
I have to do a lot of things.
I will bring back a lot of food.
I have many books.
I have a lot of pictures.
I got out of the taxi.
I went to the hotel by cab.
I went to Kawagoe by taxi.
I left my umbrella behind in the taxi.
I was waiting for a taxi.
I did speak, but no one listened to me.
I said so only by guess.
I have but one wish.
I work simply because I like to work.
I got the ticket free of charge.
I am just a nobody.
I only took a bite of bread.
I just followed convention.
I prefer working hard to just sitting idle.
I was just making sure.
This story says a lot about what has happened to America.
I said so purely in jest.
I can but wait.
I just echoed his opinion.
I am suffering from a bad cold.
I had no more than 1,yen.
I have no more than ten English textbooks.
I spent no more than three dollars.
I have no more than three thousand yen.
I had no more than five dollars.
I saw a fox run across the road just now.
I've only just come back.
I have just been to the airport to see him off.
I have just cleaned my room.
I stood waiting for a bus.
I completely walked ten miles.
I can't smoke.
I can't do without tobacco.
I am determined to give up smoking.
I smoke cigarettes.
I stopped to smoke.
I stopped smoking.
I conceived of the plan while I was smoking.
I was persuaded to stop smoking.
I was made to go for some cigarettes.
I often get a letter from him.
I often call on him.
I studied for perhaps two hours.
Chances are that I will be late for work.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I accused him of cheating.
It happened that I saw her on the bus.
It happened that I saw my teacher at the station.
It so happened that I rode in the same train with him.
I happened to know her name.
I chanced on a beautiful girl.
I study very little.
I can eat anything but onions.
I tried writing a novel.
Without hesitation, I granted his request.
I felt somebody patting on my shoulder from behind.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
Who do you think I am?
I never get sick of dancing.
I am beginning to remember it.
Luck gradually smiled on me.
I became less and less interested in mathematics.
I put Milton after Dante.
I saw a little boy running.
I like cheese, much more cheesecake.
I bought some cheese and a little milk.
I like butter better than cheese.
I was chosen as a member of the team.
I beat him at chess.
I'm checking out.
I have an interest in cello and piano.
I tried to make the most of my chances.
I want to have a proper house and garden.
I played against the champion.
I reached the hilltop exactly at five.
I was just going to leave home.
I was on the point of leaving home when a light rain started to fall.
I have just finished one third of my assignment.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
I only happened to pass here just now.
I have just now finished doing my English homework.
You'll learn in time that a stitch in time saves nine.
I have just washed all the dishes.
I am just going for a walk.
I just finished the work.
I have just finished my work.
I have just washed the car.
I have finished my homework.
I was just going out, when it began to rain.
I have just eaten lunch.
I've just finished breakfast.
I have just been to the post office.
I was on time for dinner.
I like chocolate.
I like chocolate candy very much.
He ate a box of chocolates.
I was absent-minded momentarily.
I have some chores to do.
I put in an appearance.
I am a trifle sad.
I saw him just now.
Luck is against me.
At last, I found out the answer to the question.
Finally I finished my task.
I have finally won his heart.
I am sick at heart.
I am very tired from the hard work.
I had to stand a trying situation.
I have a book about fishing.
I like disco music.
I know how to cook dinner.
I like to serve unusual foods at my dinner parties.
I proved the fact on the strength of the data.
I hid under the table.
I want some beautiful flowers to put on the table.
I buy a tape.
I changed my mind about going out and stayed home.
I worked as hard as possible.
I have done all that I can.
I'll come as often as possible.
I walked as slowly as I could.
I will try as hard as I can.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
I'll talk to him at the earliest possible moment.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
I will come home as soon as possible.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the bus.
I looked in as many dictionaries as I could.
I avoid traveling by air, if I can help it.
I'll help you as far as I can.
I gave up eating dessert.
I made some mistakes in the test.
I'll do my best on the test.
I was disappointed to hear the test results.
I'll drive to Detroit.
I can play tennis.
I am poor at tennis.
I like tennis.
I'm good at tennis.
I'm a member of the tennis club.
I was partnered with him in tennis.
I partnered her in tennis.
I have tennis practice.
I am a tennis player.
I can cook better than I can play tennis.
I know the girl playing tennis.
I went to the park to play tennis.
I played tennis.
I play tennis.
I go in for tennis while my sister goes in for swimming.
I always stretch my leg muscles before playing tennis.
I am going to play tennis.
I can't afford to play tennis.
I am a member of the tennis club.
I made up my mind to join a tennis club.
I ordered my overcoat from a department store.
I met Jane in the department store by chance.
I helped the boy who got lost in the department store.
I fished in the Thames River.
I like to watch TV.
I don't think television will take the place of books.
I play video games.
I saw the boxing match on television.
I watched a tennis match on TV.
I watched the basketball game on TV.
I watched a baseball game on television.
I can't dispense with watching television.
I like news programs on TV.
I'd like to watch TV.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
I study after I watch television.
I was tired from watching TV.
I do not watch television.
I was tired of watching TV.
I look on watching TV as a waste of time.
I like watching TV.
I'm tired of watching television.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
I prefer reading books to watching television.
I don't have any time to watch TV.
I'm tired of watching TV.
I watch television twice a week.
I turned off the TV and settled down to put the finishing touches to the report.
I watch television every day.
I'm a TV addict.
I was given a scare by a doctor I interviewed for the TV program who warned me not to rest easy just because I had no allergic symptoms at the moment.
I had my fingers caught in the door.
I ran toward the door.
I presented my ticket at the door.
I tried to break the door open, which I found impossible.
I opened the door slowly.
I held the door open.
As for me, I have no objection.
I can't make myself understood in German.
I learned French instead of German.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I am interested in studying German culture.
I was at a loss as to how I could lay my hands on the money.
As for me, I have nothing to complain of.
I was at a loss what to do.
I didn't know what to do.
I'm at my wit's end.
I'm at my wit's end. I can't think of any solution to this problem.
I could not solve this problem by any means.
I cannot get rid of my cough.
I can't do it after all.
I really want a motorcycle.
I wish to be a singer come what may.
For the life of me I can't understand what you say.
I am very afraid to go.
I will carry out my aim at any expense.
I felt constrained to help her.
I cannot possibly come.
I don't see why I have to go to your house at midnight.
I'm not sure why they were forced to close the restaurant.
I'm easy.
At last, I finished this homework.
I finally gave up smoking.
I finally persuaded him to buy it.
I persuaded her after all and went to camp.
I don't care what will become of me.
I could manage to earn my living.
I am well able to manage on my own.
I manage to support my family.
I managed to catch the last train.
It was only with great difficulty that I managed to stop myself from laughing.
I feel below par.
I can't bring myself to help him.
I don't know how to swim.
I ate a modest breakfast of toast, coffee, and one egg.
I like to spread my toast thinly with jam.
I sometimes put a little salt in it.
I get depressed at times.
I sometimes wonder how those foreigners can make ends meet.
I am absent from school on occasion.
I make it a rule to go to a spa at intervals for a change.
At times I feel like quitting my job.
I sometimes look back on my childhood.
I see him in the library now and then.
I sometimes lie on the grass.
I visited him once in a while.
I get a call from her once in a while.
I feel sad every now and then.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the bathroom.
I sometimes write to my mother.
I remember one poem in particular.
I may have seen that girl somewhere.
I remember seeing him somewhere.
I may have met her somewhere.
I don't know where to wait for her.
I do not know where to wait for her.
Where am I?
I wonder where I put my glasses.
I never go anywhere.
I don't want to go any place.
Wherever I may go, I will get lost.
I'll follow you wherever you go.
I don't know where to go or what to do.
I didn't know where to go, or what to do.
I asked where to go.
Either way's fine with me.
It's all the same to me.
I answered neither of the letters.
I don't know either girl.
I guess it doesn't make any difference which swimming club I join.
I have seen neither of his works.
I don't like either hat.
I like both.
I don't know which to choose.
I can't decide which to choose.
I want to see him very much.
I want some coffee badly.
I'm very thirsty.
I can't drink any more.
I'm such a coward that I rarely visit the dentist.
I am feeling wonderfully refreshed.
I was in such a hurry that I forgot to lock the door.
I was in such a hurry that I left my bag behind.
I feel so lonely that I want someone to talk with.
I was very thirsty and I wanted to drink something cold.
I'm very happy.
I felt very happy.
I had a very high fever.
I am having a very hard time.
I can't afford to buy a car.
I'm lonely.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I am very tall.
I want to see her very much.
I got very tired, but I felt good.
I fell sound asleep because I was very tired.
I am so tired that I can't study.
I am so tired that I can't walk another step.
I am so busy that I can't help you.
I am so busy that I have no time to spare.
I'm too busy to help her.
Life is very dear to me.
I found Tony.
I liked Tony.
I'd like to talk with Tony.
I went to Tokyo to see Tony.
I asked Tony a question.
I helped Tony.
I don't belong to any club.
I don't know how to buy a ticket.
I am never free on Sundays.
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.
I don't know when Tom will leave Japan.
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
I saw Tom play tennis.
I know the reason why Tom was angry with them.
I sat between Tom and John.
I lent Tom and Paula my camera.
I am talking with Tom.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I asked Tom to open the window.
I wrote to Tom, and my sister also wrote to him.
I called Tom up.
I asked Tom about his new book.
I will have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
I think that Tom is kind.
I thought that Tom was kind.
I can't play tennis as well as Tom.
I regarded Tom as a friend.
I want a Toyota.
I was involved in the trouble.
Cards are not in my line.
I'd like to visit America most of all.
I like carrots least of all.
Above all, I take care of my health.
I would not part with that picture for all the world.
I make up my mind to do the work however hard it might be.
I will accomplish my purpose at any cost.
I will carry out this plan at any price.
I'm sure I can overcome any difficulty.
I like flowers of every description.
I'm opposed to any type of war.
I advised him on what books to read.
I sharpened a pencil with a knife.
I cut myself with a knife.
I cut my finger with a knife.
I can't speak English as fluently as Naomi.
I don't believe Naomi. I think she's lying.
I like the style of Picasso, among others.
I finally managed to find my lost wallet.
What little money I had was stolen.
I want to eat something good.
I was in entire ignorance of what had happened.
I have something or other to tell him.
I want to have this dictionary most of all.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
I know some friends of Nancy's.
I do everything for myself.
How lucky I am!
How silly of me!
I managed to get over the habit of finding fault with others.
I managed to finish preparing for tomorrow's lesson.
I wouldn't touch that stock with a ten-foot pole.
Somehow or other I found his house.
Nothing is the matter with me.
What a fool I was!
How stupid of me!
I was most grateful to Nick for his kindness.
I turned on the radio to listen to the news.
I visited cities such as New York, Chicago and Boston.
I worked with Mr Spencer for a year in New York.
I lost my way in New York.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I'd like to live in New York.
I am staying at a hotel in New York.
I know every inch of New York.
When I flew to New York, I was told to check in two hours before my flight.
I would like to visit New York.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I am a cat person.
I've lost or broken all my necklaces.
I will be reminded of tyranny and cruelty, if Nero is said.
I need pens, notebooks and so on.
I want a notebook.
He wrote it down in his notebook.
I mistook a notebook for a textbook.
As I opened the door without knocking, she lost her temper.
I stuck two sheets of paper together with paste.
I cleaned up after the party.
I ran across some old friends at the party.
I had a good time at the party.
I hoped to have met him at the party.
I saw her at the party.
I bought a pendant to wear to the party.
I promised to go to the party with Jane, and I can't let her down.
I was prevailed upon to go to the party.
I very much like going to parties and meeting people.
I was at the party.
I'm not going to go to the party.
I put on my favorite dress for the party.
I got acquainted with my wife at a party.
I introduced two of my friends at the party.
I am absorbed in growing herbs and your Web pages are a great help to me.
I met a group of hikers, some of whom were university students.
I went hiking.
I went hiking with the group.
I cannot drive a motorcycle, much less a car.
I've run up against all kinds of people, working as a temporary.
I sat smoking a pipe.
They were making a fool of me.
I poured water into the bucket.
I filled the pail with water.
I went up to the roof by means of a ladder.
I visited Kushiro for the first time.
I'm sticking to my original plan.
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
I was too shy to look her in the face.
I caught a glimpse of him from the bus.
I waited for a bus to come.
I like volleyball as well as basketball.
I love watching basketball.
I don't go to school by bus.
I go to Osaka by bus.
I feared that I might be late for the bus.
I sat in the front of the bus.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I had my purse stolen in the bus.
I have left my umbrella in a bus.
I may have left my wallet on the bus.
I must renew my passport.
I ran for the bus and was already breathless.
I like trains better than buses.
I love to spend time trying to put together a puzzle.
I cannot drive a bus.
It was not until I got off the bus that I realized I had left my umbrella.
I saw him cross the street as I got off the bus.
I'm waiting for the bus.
I would rather go on foot than stay here waiting for the bus.
I got off at the bus stop and went to the right.
I want a personal computer.
I have got a personal computer.
I had my personal computer repaired.
I have to make money to buy a personal computer.
I bought butter, cheese, eggs and what not.
I didn't know hummingbirds could even fly upside down when frightened.
I have a bat and ball.
I have been waiting for the results with anxiety.
I bought flowers - roses, lilies, and so on.
I like flowers such as roses and lilies.
I have been in Paris.
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
He went to Paris, where he first met her.
I am to go to Paris.
I booked through to Paris.
I went to London by way of Paris.
I took a train bound for Paris.
I went all the way to see my doctor, only to find him absent.
I was in a good position to see the parade.
I am fascinated not so much by ballet itself as by the way the human body moves.
I wish to go to Hawaii.
I'm going to Hawaii by ship.
Am I handsome or not?
I was robbed of my purse.
I wanted a hamburger, but I restrained myself.
I ate a hamburger and ordered another.
I glanced through the brochure.
I keep my hammer in the toolbox.
I bought bread, coffee, sugar and the like.
I prefer rice to bread.
I'm a baker.
I bought a loaf of bread at the baker's.
I want to be a pianist.
I can't play the piano, but she can.
I'm good at playing the piano.
I like the sound of the piano.
I like playing the piano.
I play the piano a little.
I spent two hours playing the piano.
I do not play the piano.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I like green peppers very much.
I don't care for beer.
I never touch beer.
I want to be a Picasso.
I like the works of Picasso.
I went to Victoria Station, where I saw an old friend of mine.
I cut myself while shaving.
I pigged out on pizza.
I buy a videotape.
I don't know how to use a VCR.
I have the video.
I could not come because of the heavy rain.
I'm suffering from a bad headache.
Because I had a bad cold, I went to bed earlier than usual.
I stayed home because I had a bad cold.
I have a bad cold.
I was tired to death.
I was too tired to stand.
I am so tired that I can hardly walk.
I saw at a glance that he was an ordinary man.
I don't want to live all by myself.
I brought up two children alone.
I cannot do the work on my own.
I'm afraid to go alone.
I traveled by myself.
I am alone and feel I can write this to you.
I left the window open all through the night.
I poured the wine in a plastic bag and then dipped it in ice water.
I have arranged for Bill to meet Ann tomorrow.
I am good friends with Bill.
I learned that Bill's father was sick.
I found the building.
I don't like Bill, who gets angry easily.
I went swimming in the lake with Hiroko.
I bought a pair of boots.
I felt refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I felt so refreshed after a swim in the pool.
I don't like to swim in the pool.
I felt like swimming at the sight of the pool.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
I don't usually have to work on Sundays.
I usually keep a diary when I travel.
I'm on the football team.
I had my leg hurt while playing football.
I played football.
It occurred to me that the man was trying to cheat me out of my money.
I quickly tried to get advice from him.
It struck me that the girl was trying to hide something.
I long for a job as a flight attendant.
I pan-fried vegetables.
I am not as young as Miss Brown.
I respect Mr. Brown.
I come from Brazil.
I belong to the brass band.
I belong to the brass band, and so does my brother.
I like it black.
I met him at the end of the platform.
I got acquainted with her in France.
I want to go over to France.
I love French films.
I like French, but I cannot speak it well.
I cannot read French.
I can't read French, nor can I speak it.
I can't read French, let alone speak it.
I can't speak French.
I can't make myself understood in French.
I think it impossible for me to write a novel in French.
I am very interested in French.
I don't know any French.
I can speak neither French nor German.
I am quite ignorant of French.
I want to learn French.
I can't speak French at all.
I decided to major in French.
I am going to major in French.
I don't know French, much less Greek.
I don't know French.
I want to study French.
I can speak French.
I'm employed by a French lawyer.
I like French food very much.
I went to the department store with a view to buying a present.
I remember Fred visiting Kyoto with his mother.
I have never gone to Florida.
I like pro wrestling.
I think Beethoven is as great a composer as ever lived.
I lay awake in bed.
I hid myself under the bed.
I shuddered at the sight of the snake.
I heard the sound of a ringing bell.
I heard the bell ring.
I was roused by the sound of a bell.
I had my suitcase carried to my room by a bellboy.
I rang the bell six times.
I rang the bell and waited.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
I proposed to Helen that we have a tea party.
I sat waiting on the bench.
I sat waiting on a bench.
I had lost my pen.
I have lost my pen. Will you help me look for it?
I have a pen.
I must put my ideas together before I take up my pen.
I bent over to pick up the pen.
I'm looking for my pen.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I have lost my pen.
I met a barking dog.
I saw a bellman coming along.
I had the porter take my suitcases to my room.
I never want for a boyfriend.
I caught the ball with one hand.
I met the president himself.
I have something else to do.
I arrived ahead of the others.
I'm going to read some other books.
I pocketed my keys.
I thrust my hand into my pocket.
I searched my pockets for the wallet.
I will give this book to whoever wants it.
I pressed the button to turn the radio on.
I feel I'm growing out of pop music.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
I stayed at the hotel, but the others went shopping.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
I canceled my hotel reservations and stayed with friends.
I am almost centimeters tall.
I can hardly swim.
I've eaten almost nothing.
I have little money with me.
I get up at six almost every day.
I take a bath almost every day.
I see the dog almost every day.
I am all but ready.
I am not satisfied with pop music.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I didn't know when Bob had come to Japan.
I doubt if Bob will come to my birthday party.
I asked for Bob's help.
I saw a woman with hollow cheeks.
I do like ice cream.
I clapped my hands.
I've had only a couple of drinks.
I have only a little money about me.
I missed the airplane by a minute.
Yesterday, I went to see Martha as I hadn't seen her for several months.
I know that Mike likes basketball.
I had lunch with Mike at that restaurant.
I am friends with Mike.
I asked Mike to help me.
I'll let you know in advance.
I pay fifty pounds a week for board and lodging.
I was on the point of giving up when I suddenly hit upon the solution.
I was about to leave my house.
I have never been inside this classroom.
I am still attached to this bicycle.
I haven't read this new novel, and my sister hasn't either.
I've never come across such a strange case.
I have still to hear that story.
I haven't finished reading the book yet.
I haven't been able to solve the problem yet.
I have not been to New Zealand.
I don't know for certain yet.
I'm not used to writing a business letter, yet.
I still have difficulty in making myself understood in English.
I have never been abroad.
I hope to meet you all again.
I'm happy to see you again.
Now that I am well again, I want to study space science in college.
I said I would ring again later.
I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I have not finished my homework yet.
I still have some money in hand.
I have not finished lunch.
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I also found every letter he had ever written to my mother.
I can't get in touch with him yet.
I have not heard from her yet.
I've never gotten on a plane yet.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I'm still busy.
I felt as happy as if I were still dreaming.
I have not yet finished my supper.
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.
I'm using a Mac and I can't read a Windows file.
Instead of coming directly home, I took the long way and stopped by the post office.
I can't play the piano at all. I'm all thumbs.
I cannot swim at all.
I didn't go out at all because you told me not to.
I found the key underneath the mat.
I'd like to send a congratulations card to Madonna for the birth of her baby girl.
I gave it to my mommy.
I hope to see you again before long.
I soon came across a box labeled Terry Tate.
I soon grew to love my apartment.
I soon got accustomed to speaking in public.
I made an appointment with Mayuko.
I talk as if I knew everything.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
I feel as if I were dreaming.
I feel like crying out loud as if I were a little girl.
I went out of my way as far as Rome.
I was miserable and unhappy.
I have just been to the Midori Bank.
I am proud to work with you.
I taught Miyuki how to keep a dog indoors.
I have drunk all my milk.
I was drinking milk.
I drank some of the milk and kept the rest in the refrigerator.
I believe that everyone will like this picture.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I know the boy standing over there.
I would rather stay here.
I'd rather not spend so much money on clothes.
I would rather not go there alone.
I prefer you to come.
I would rather live alone in the country.
I have some good opinion of my son's ability.
I was seized with the desire to buy the book.
I can't sing as well as Mary did.
I know for certain that Mary is seriously ill.
I saw Mary looking into a show window.
I told the news to Tom, not to Mary.
I took to Mary as soon as we met.
I owe Mary some money and must pay her back by next Monday.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
I got Mary to correct the errors in my composition.
I phoned Mary, but the line was busy.
I gave Mary a book.
I saw a woman who I thought was Mary's mother.
I thanked Mary for her help.
I introduced Mary to my parents.
I dealt out three candies to each child.
I cannot read without glasses.
I noticed that I had lost my glasses.
I've broken my glasses.
I wake up at the sound of the alarm.
Rarely do I listen to the radio.
I am seldom at leisure.
I am a poor correspondent.
I rarely prepare for the world history lessons.
I rarely catch a cold.
I know that Mary went abroad.
I've already finished my homework.
I've got another dollar coming.
I suggested that we should stay there another day.
I have been on a diet for two weeks.
I have been waiting for almost half an hour.
I'm stuck on you - really far gone.
I have lost faith in the doctor.
I have already finished this book.
I cannot eat any more.
I can't go any farther.
I can't deal with her anymore.
I can walk no farther.
I can't put up with such bad conditions any more.
I am going to be fourteen.
I'm quite better now.
I will go there no more.
I have already done it.
I have done it already.
It's all over for me. I lost my job.
I have another friend in China.
I don't have to go to the doctor any more. I'm feeling much better.
I am to examine the papers once more.
I looked it over once more.
I decided to try again.
I can't put up with this any longer.
I suggested that we should bring the meeting to an end.
I've already eaten breakfast.
I think it's about time we got down to brass tacks.
I have made up my mind now.
I must be going now.
Now I have my composition written.
I have already washed the dishes.
I am no longer a child.
I'm old enough to support myself.
I have already written a letter.
I almost caught the fish.
I narrowly escaped being run over by a truck.
I almost dropped the plates.
I was within an ace of winning.
I don't want to eat any more.
I am staying for another few weeks.
I am quite all right now.
Henry said that he couldn't wait any longer.
I have already changed my clothes.
I have already had my breakfast.
I'll be staying here for another three days.
I will not see him any more.
I will never see him.
I cannot put up with his temper any longer.
I do not love him any longer.
I do not trust him any longer.
I'll see her no more.
I am no longer tired.
I'm not afraid any more.
I am now independent of my father.
I have already finished dinner.
I have recovered my health already.
I prefer modern furniture.
I can show you a better time.
I moved nearer in order to hear better.
I have made up my mind to work harder.
I persuaded my brother to study harder.
I made up my mind to study harder.
I noticed that I got a more lasting satisfaction from works of a more incomplete character.
I will have to study harder.
I resolved that I would work harder.
I've made up my mind to come up with a better solution.
I wanted to talk more, but she just hung up on me.
I cannot put up with his idleness any longer.
I can't put up with his behavior any longer.
I got lost in the forest.
I wasted away to skin and bone.
I have at last learned the Gettysburg Address by heart.
I finally got through the test.
I finally escaped.
I escaped from the sinking boat with difficulty.
I gave an answer to him with great difficulty.
I can take a rest at last.
I managed to persuade my cousin into accepting my plan.
I was just in time for class.
My homework was finally finished.
I finished my homework with difficulty.
I finally got across the river.
I've finally got used to urban life.
At length, I found his house.
I was compelled to go there.
I was constrained to tell a lie.
I was forced to go.
I was forced to take medicine.
I went there of necessity.
I was forced to abandon the plan.
I like having plenty to do.
Each time I tried, I failed.
I've got too much to do.
I had a dream about you last night.
I wrote a letter to my mother last night.
I took my time having lunch.
I hit on a good idea.
I went into the town in search of a good restaurant.
I appreciate good music.
I like listening to good music.
I got a good seat.
I want to grow good vegetables, rice, fruit and so on.
Finally, I made up my mind and bought the new video game.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
I decided not to go to Europe.
I'm thinking of going to Europe.
I have been to Europe twice.
I often lie on this bench.
I often fell, but I never gave up.
Such feelings often came over me.
I often refer to the dictionary.
I would walk along the river.
I often watch night games on TV.
I am familiar with the piano.
I used to sit up late at night listening to the radio.
I am often contrasted with my brother.
I would play tricks on my brother.
I used to go to school with Ken.
I looked but saw nothing.
I often say a great doctor kills more people than a great general.
I often remember my happy childhood.
I often think of my dead mother.
I used to listen to the radio very late at night.
I reasoned him out of his fears.
I often go swimming in the river.
I would often take a walk before breakfast.
I used to do fishing.
I often help my brother with his homework.
I often call, but seldom write a letter.
I used to go skiing in winter.
I often dream of the same scene.
I would often take naps on Sundays.
I often have quarrels with her.
I used to debate the problem with her.
I often catch cold.
I don't quite know.
I often play tennis after school.
I often sit up late at night to read.
I would often sit reading far into the night.
I often enjoy listening to classical music after supper.
I've always hoped to sail across the Pacific in a yacht.
I belong to the sailing club.
I'm sure that better times are on the way.
I resolved to study harder.
I go to bed late at night.
I take a walk at six in the evening.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I turned on the lights.
I recorded a rugby game on videotape.
I belong to the rugby football club.
I heard it on the radio.
I also like listening to music on the radio.
I turned off the radio.
I like to listen to the radio.
I am listening to the radio.
I spent my time listening to the radio.
I am a runner.
I like R & B.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
I trust Richard, who is a man of his word.
I would like to read some books about Lincoln.
I like apples best.
I don't like apples.
I like neither apples nor grapes.
I like oranges better than apples.
I like to eat apples.
I like bananas more than apples.
I started last in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
I've left out the nuts in this recipe because Delia's allergic to them.
I entered the restaurant and had lunch.
I entered a restaurant and had lunch.
I have never heard Roy sing a song in public.
I blew the candle out.
I was deeply impressed by Roman architecture.
I was a little behind in my loan payments.
I am thinking of going to Los Angeles.
I visited Hollywood while I stayed in Los Angeles.
I consider the Russian ballet the greatest.
I love rock.
I love rock musicians.
I flew from London to New York.
I met her in London for the first time.
I have been to London twice.
I'd like to go to London.
I'd like to visit London.
I am assumed to go to London.
I made friends with her during my stay in London.
I arrived in London.
I never go to London without visiting the British Museum.
I have been to London.
I went by bus as far as London.
I went as far as London by car.
I am a student at London University.
I don't care for wine.
I stood aside to let them pass.
I broke the vase on purpose.
I hurt her feelings on purpose.
I visited Washington and then went to New York this next week.
I have no more than 1,yen with me.
I have no more than one hundred yen with me.
I manage to get along on a small salary.
I lent him what little money I had.
I have to live on my very small income.
I was a naughty boy.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
I climbed Mt. Aso.
I admit having done wrong.
I caught sight of Namie Amuro.
I am looking for the chair in the dark.
I don't like walking home alone after dark.
I must get home before it gets dark.
I felt for the light switch in the dark.
I remember seeing you before.
I have a feeling that I have been here before.
I remember reading this novel before.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I have seen the picture before.
I had never been late for school before.
I've been to Sapporo before.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
I have seen her before.
I used to play badminton, but I don't anymore.
I didn't use to like wine, but now I'm quite fond of it.
I used to take a walk every morning.
I have seen a UFO before.
I used to take a walk early in the morning.
I would play tennis with him on Sunday.
I have more time, and less money than ever.
I have visited Kyoto before.
I told you before that you should ask your mother first.
I used to have an old Rolls Royce.
I've lived in Kobe before.
I have met him before.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji before.
I like all films that Juzo Itami directs.
I am acquainted with the chairman of the committee.
I supported the committee's decision.
I was compelled to do this against my will.
I married him against my will.
I boldly jumped into the sea.
I felt a sharp pain in the stomach.
I usually buy clothing at a local store.
It gradually dawned on me that I had taken the wrong train.
I am looking at the matter from a different viewpoint.
I had a consultation with a lawyer about my will.
I shall will my money to a hospital.
I am majoring in medicine.
I advise you in my capacity as a doctor to stop smoking.
I asked the doctor some questions.
I want to be a doctor or a nurse or a teacher.
I'm a doctor.
I am not a doctor, but a teacher.
I wish to be a doctor.
I wanted to become a doctor.
I made up my mind to be a doctor.
I decided to be a doctor.
I was told that I should see a doctor.
I must pay a visit to the doctor.
The doctor tells me not to touch alcohol.
I went to see the doctor, only to find him absent.
The doctor's advice kept me from drinking too much.
I regret not having taken my doctor's advice.
I have complete faith in my doctor.
I must send for the doctor.
I decided to make medicine my vocation.
I hear Mr Inoue has put up at that hotel.
I took a chance and accepted his challenge.
I have just one thing to ask of you.
I don't want to be tied to one company.
I carried one bag, but the other one was left behind.
I am just a humble teacher.
I knew at a glance that he was an honest man.
I watched the expedition as it set off.
I bought a book.
I looked for the book for an hour.
I cannot get there in an hour.
I am paid dollars an hour.
I studied for one hour.
I go to the library two or three times a week.
I must return home within a week.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
I saw her for a moment, but then lost sight of her in the crowd.
I was laughed out of court.
I am an only child.
I like being alone.
I don't like to be alone.
I had to go there alone.
I finished the work by myself.
I was compelled to do the work alone.
I can do it by myself.
I would rather not go shopping alone.
Do you think I should go alone?
I walked in the woods by myself.
I can't bear living alone.
There is absolutely no way that I would go on a trip alone.
I met an old woman.
I have one brother.
I don't want to live by myself.
I am accustomed to living alone.
I have been his greatest fan all my life.
I studied very hard, only to fail the examination.
I worked hard all day, so I was very tired.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I have to bone up on my physics.
I am studying very hard.
I wondered if I had ever really understood anyone.
I turned off the TV because I had seen the movie before.
I have seen her once in a TV drama.
I ran upstairs two steps at a time.
I have visited Paris once.
I have never been to America.
I have never been to Europe.
I have never been to Kushiro.
I go to the restaurant every days.
I have a bath every other day.
I call on him every other day.
I have to use English all day.
I stayed home all day.
I'm busy all day keeping house.
I am free all day, I'll come and see you at any time that suits you.
I spent the entire day on the beach.
I've worked all day, so that I am very tired.
I'm very tired from working all day.
I was busy all day.
I was revived by a glass of water.
I get up early in summer as a rule.
I mean students in general, but not in particular.
I had a good night's rest.
I sat up all night.
I was wearing my best clothes.
I live on the bottom floor.
I can't reach the top shelf.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
I hurried in order to catch the first train.
I hurried to the station so as to be in time for the first train.
I got up early the next morning to catch the first train.
I'm cleaned out.
I will accomplish my purpose step by step.
I recognized him at first glance.
I saw at a glance that he was an extraordinary man.
I know a girl who can ride a unicycle.
I just moved.
I have decided to retire.
I have no intention whatever of resigning.
My mind was in a haze after drinking so much.
I don't want anything to drink.
I was cured of my drinking habit.
I don't like drinking.
I am blind in the right eye.
I broke my right leg.
I got my right leg injured.
I went out although it was raining.
I will go even if it rains.
I thought rain was beginning to fall.
I reached school before the rain started.
I am aware that my hip aches when it rains.
We put off our departure because of the rain.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I couldn't go on a picnic because of the rain.
I was kept waiting in the rain for as long as ten minutes.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
I always keep my promises.
I'm above telling lies.
I was lucky.
I had my fortune told.
I am not experienced in driving.
I was afraid I might fall asleep while driving.
Exercise is not in my line.
I broke a bone in my foot while exercising.
I was forced to submit to my fate.
I am contented with my lot.
It was very lucky for me that I saw him.
I flew above the clouds.
I want to fly above the clouds.
I'm a salesman.
I am a member of the sales department.
I am fond of the cinema.
I don't care for moving pictures.
I'm a movie fan.
I stayed home all day long instead of going to the movies.
I suggested that we should go to the movies.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
I feel like going to the movies.
I haven't heard from him for a long time.
I will quit smoking for good.
I have given up smoking for good and all.
I want to live forever.
I know how to swim, but I don't like swimming in the river.
I want to learn how to swim.
I know how to swim.
I like to swim.
I am interested in swimming.
I like swimming very much.
I enjoyed swimming.
I would rather play tennis than swim.
I'm able to swim.
I can swim.
I can't even speak English very well, much less Spanish.
I don't understand English.
I like English, but I cannot speak well.
I don't like English.
I like English very much.
I am able to read English.
I was poor at English.
I can't speak English, much less German.
I can speak English.
I couldn't make myself understood well in English.
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I got a good grade in English.
I was called upon to make a speech in English.
I delivered a lecture in English.
I can't make myself understood in English.
I found it difficult to make myself understood in English.
I wrote a letter in English.
I finished writing a letter in English.
I received a letter written in English.
I bought a newspaper written in English.
I wrote to my teacher in English.
I keep a diary in English.
I found it impossible to beat him at English.
I could make myself understood in English.
I like English and music.
I'm fed up with English.
I would like to brush up my English.
I must brush up my English.
I want to study German in addition to English.
I am interested in English.
I didn't let on to my parents that I got a C on the English test.
I know how to write a letter in English.
I don't do much study ahead for the English classes.
I really look up to my English teacher, Mr Taniguchi.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I like studying English.
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English.
I study French in addition to English.
I like English better.
I have few English books.
I have some English books.
I have a few English books.
I bought an English book, but the book was hard to understand.
I want to brush up my English.
I can teach English.
It is six years since I started to study English.
I can read English, but I can't speak it.
I want to study English.
I study English.
He went to America to study English.
I am going to study English.
I like to study English.
I study English an hour every day.
I cannot speak English without making some mistakes.
I am good at speaking English.
I cannot speak English, much less German.
I want to be able to speak English.
I can't help feeling affection for the English countryside.
I like English Breakfast tea the best.
I don't like a novel without a hero.
I live within meters of the station.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I live about an hour from the station.
I want to live close to the station.
I walked from the station.
I am to meet her at five at the station.
I have often met Mr Sasaki at the station.
I ran across my uncle at the station.
I heard my name called in the station.
I had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station.
I joined him at the station.
I bumped into him at the station.
I arrived at the station.
I will pick him up at the station.
I met an old man near the station.
I met her in a coffee shop near the station.
I am near the station.
I'm just about to set off for the station.
I went to the station.
I hurried to the station only to miss the train.
I met my teacher on the way to the station.
I ran all the way to the station.
We had to walk all the way to the station.
I took a cab to the station.
I walked as far as the station.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the station.
I got off at the wrong station.
I played an important part in the garden party.
I belong to the drama club.
I made a draft of my speech.
I never make a speech without being nervous.
I was choked by smoke.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
I stopped smoking and drinking.
I can't give up smoking.
I could not refrain from smoking.
I am forbidden tobacco.
I have to commute all the way from a distant suburb.
I saw flashes of lightning in the distance.
I caught sight of her figure in the distance.
I bought ten pencils, half of which were to be given to my brother.
I bought two dozen pencils.
I want a knife to sharpen my pencil with.
I have not any pencils.
I lent my pencil to him.
I got a letter written with a pencil.
I picked up a purse in the street.
I was ushered into the drawing room.
I waited for the answer but nobody answered.
I was crowded out.
I was afraid of being put into a closet.
I lay down to rest.
I walked straight ahead without looking to the side.
I was raised in Yokohama.
I was born in Yokohama.
I live in Yokohama.
I met the prince himself.
I like the warm sea around Okinawa.
I love the sound of rain on the roof.
I painted the roof light blue.
I got this job with my teacher's help.
I was ashamed of what I had done to my benefactor.
I grow orchids in my greenhouse.
I keep a daily record of the temperature.
I like music, especially classical music.
I like music, particularly classical music.
I like music very much.
I am fond of music.
I like music, but I also like paintings.
I do not like music.
I have no ear for music.
I am in the music club.
I am very interested in music.
I talked about music.
I am interested in music.
I have given myself to music.
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music.
I can't run away from the fascination of music.
I like English better than music.
I like listening to music, and playing music even more.
I am listening to the music.
I spend a lot of time listening to music.
I often study while listening to music.
I like listening to music, especially jazz.
I like listening to music.
I'm studying voice at a college of music.
I love music, especially rock.
I belong to the music club.
I don't want to sing, because I'm tone-deaf.
I teach Mr Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I live in a rooming house.
I was on the hunt for lodgings.
I'm not a bit interested in chemistry.
I ordered half a dozen books on chemistry from New York.
I felt something touch my foot.
I felt something moving on my back.
I know what's in the box.
I must get the concert ticket by all means.
I am afraid I ate something bad.
I want to drink something.
We will stand by you whatever happens.
I want to eat something.
I feel like eating something.
I want to buy something to eat.
I wanted something to eat.
I want something to read on the train.
I can hear something.
I had to do everything alone.
I wanted to have had everything my own way.
I want to see her by any means.
I managed to get out of the scrape.
I will give up drinking at any cost.
I had no difficulty in finding his house.
I will let myself loose.
I spent an idle week there.
I prefer working to doing nothing.
I can't do anything.
I'm not frightened of anything.
I am not frightened of anything.
I keep nothing a secret from you.
I saw nothing.
I couldn't think of anything to say.
I said nothing, which made him all the more angry.
I said nothing, which made him more furious.
I said nothing, which made her angry.
I said nothing, which made him angry.
I don't feel like eating anything.
I can't bring myself to eat anything.
I have nothing to fall back on.
I value your friendship more than anything.
As I did not know what to do, I asked him for advice.
I know what to do.
What had I better do?
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for advice.
I was at sea as to what to do.
I must decide what to do.
I don't know what to study.
I took a casual look at the magazine.
I inquired about the book in many stores.
How old do you think I am?
I went to the library to read some books.
I will do my best in everything.
I look to him for direction in everything.
I don't know what time it is.
I want to make sure what time I'm supposed to leave.
I waited for hours, but she didn't show up.
I debated for hours with my friends on the subject.
I went there dozens of times.
I respected some young writers.
I heard some students complain about the homework.
I tried the problem again and again.
I tried many times to use a personal computer.
I tried again and again.
I went down the slope, falling again and again.
I have tried innumerable times to contact him.
I have met him many times.
I called his office again and again, but no one answered.
I have thought about ghosts many times.
I have traveled many times.
I have been here for many years.
I've dealt with this store for years.
I lived for years and years.
I saw some poor cats kicked out.
I caught sight of hundreds of birds.
I live in comfort.
I make a bargain with him over the price.
I like summer the best.
I end up unconsciously trying to get fit as summer draws near.
I take a bath every morning in summer.
I swim in the summer.
I am going to Hokkaido in the summer.
I took a cottage for the summer.
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
I can't do without an air conditioner in the summer.
I like to suck on frozen ice cream bars in the summer.
I like winter better than summer.
I'm staying at my aunt's for the summer.
I never think of summer without thinking of my childhood.
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.
I spent the summer vacation at my aunt's house.
I spent more than three-quarters of my summer vacations traveling.
I am looking forward to the summer vacation.
I will take advantage of the summer vacation to travel abroad.
I went back to my village during the summer vacation.
I swam in the afternoons during the summer vacation.
I felt the house shaking terribly.
I study English at home.
I lent Mrs. Jones all the butter there was in the house.
I stayed at home, for it rained that day.
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
I have to stay home.
I will stay at home.
I prefer going out to staying home.
I tried hard to make them stay home, but they refused to listen to me.
I had my house painted.
I took a doze after coming home.
I went home.
I met her on my way home.
I used to drop in at the bookstore on my way home.
I met one of my friends on my way home.
I saw a white bird on my way home.
I got caught in a storm on my way home.
I have my own bedroom at home.
The moment I arrived home, I went to bed.
I can find a tree by the house.
I was at a loss when I lost my house key.
I felt something move in the house.
I am in the house.
I looked round the inside of the house.
I was not going to keep up the family tradition.
I love to fish in the trout stream behind my house.
I want to go home.
I'm looking for a house.
I have abandoned the idea of buying a house.
I'm going to sell my house.
I sold the house to advantage.
I bought three pieces of furniture.
I entrusted my wife with the family finances.
I postponed doing my housework for a few hours.
I went camping with my family.
I feel happiest when I am at home with my family.
I read your letter to my family.
I am able to provide food and clothes for my family.
I concurred in giving up my vacation for my family.
I am loved by all my family.
I took a picture of my family.
I am the first musician in my family.
I like to give gifts to my family and friends.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
I can pay no more than $a week for rent.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio.
I write poems in my free time.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
I like to sing.
I feel like singing.
I like singing.
I'm good at singing.
I like to sing songs.
I hope to become a singer.
I'm studying kabuki drama.
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday.
I tried to set by all the money I could earn.
I am watering the flowers.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished it started raining.
I'm going to exhibit my roses at the flower show.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and others are yellow.
I have been to the park to see flowers.
I have been to see the cherry blossoms.
I am allergic to pollen.
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.
I was appointed to section chief.
I have put aside one fourth of my salary for the last three years.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I shut the window to keep the mosquitoes out.
I like to take my pad and pencil and drive to the seashore to sketch.
I told the news to everyone I met.
I presented myself at the meeting.
I suggest that the meeting be postponed.
I was absent from the meeting.
I had an awful time at the conference.
I ventured to say my opinion at the conference.
My proposal was turned down in the conference.
I was not present at that meeting.
I left home early so I'd be on time for the meeting.
I got up early in order to attend the meeting.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
I'll attend the meeting.
I was asked to buy some cakes on the way home from the office.
I've given my best for the company.
I traveled in the interest of my company.
I want to be at the top of the company.
I am an office worker.
I'm a company man - an ordinary salaried office worker.
I don't have a decryption program.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
I didn't have time to recover before I came down with another horrible cold.
I found the broken doll mended by somebody.
I want to live in comfort.
I want to bathe in the sea.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I went swimming in the sea.
I like mountains better than seas.
I looked down at the sea.
There's nothing I can do but give up the idea of going abroad.
I am working in the Overseas Operations Division.
I was envious of the students who had studied abroad.
While living near the beach, I often enjoyed swimming.
I went into the navy.
I am anticipating a good vacation at the seaside.
I'd like you to be more punctual.
I spoke so loudly as to be heard by everyone.
I don't know much about painting, but I can tell that this brush has an excellent stroke feel to it.
I showed genius in painting.
I wish to go to Paris to study art.
I can't draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I am poor at drawing.
I like to draw pictures.
I would like to draw.
I want a room to paint a picture in.
I'm going to give Emi a new CD.
I gave an opening address.
I met him on the stairs as I was coming up.
I put on my cap to go out.
I ran out and caught a taxi.
I addressed my full attention to the landscape outside.
I could not get out.
I returned from abroad.
I am all alone in a foreign country.
I wish to go abroad.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
I came into frequent contact with foreign students.
I prefer English cars to foreign ones.
I am aching to go abroad.
I intended to have gone abroad.
I am thinking of going abroad.
I am learning two foreign languages.
Being a foreigner, I couldn't catch on to the joke.
I was taught English by a foreigner.
I prefer to buy domestic rather than foreign products.
I don't want to go out.
I was told not go out, which advice I followed.
I must go out.
I was going out, when the telephone rang.
I take an umbrella with me when I go out.
I never go out without buying something.
I must finish it before I go out.
I stayed at home instead of going out.
I can do without an overcoat.
I use numbered index cards for each student.
I am willing to go on record as opposing nuclear tests.
I did say that, but I didn't mean it.
I am going to the theater on the corner.
I turned the corner and caught sight of a newly opened restaurant.
I caught a glimpse of him as he turned the corner.
I go to school because I want to learn.
I made friends with them at the school festival.
I like art and music among my school subjects.
I met him on my way home from school.
I met Tony on my way home from school.
I sometimes help my parents in the shop after school.
I met him on my way from school.
On my way home from school I met her.
I played tennis after school was over.
Apart from schoolwork, I write poetry.
I rarely saw him at school.
I regret not having studied harder at school.
I study hard at school.
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki's I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa's The Nose and Kappa.
I'm studying art at school.
I study at school.
I was ten minutes late for school.
I feel happiest when I am in school.
I'm proud of my school.
I put in an hour of jogging before I go to school.
I saw my uncle on the way to school.
You were going to the school.
I arrived at school on time.
I ran because I was late for school.
I apologized for having been late for school.
I am proud of never being late for school.
I hurried in order not to be late for school.
Because I live near the school, I come home for lunch.
Living near the school, I come home for lunch.
I met him on my way to school.
I do not go to school.
I was on my way to school.
I met Tony on my way school this morning.
I have to leave school.
It wasn't until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
I still have many clear memories of my school days.
I remember my school days very well.
I am a student, but he isn't.
When I was a student, I used to go to that pizza parlor.
I kept company with him since we were students.
I don't lend my books to any of the students.
I take it for granted that students come to school to study.
I have a student visa.
I stayed up much later when I was a student.
I regret having been lazy in my school days.
I had a good time.
I anticipate a good vacation.
I had a time playing tennis.
I play the piano for amusement.
I have a fancy to live the hard way.
I arrived outside the dressing room.
I received a good job offer.
I slipped and fell down the stairs.
I checked my briefcase and umbrella in the cloakroom.
I felt cold.
I dislike cold weather.
I'm cold and wet.
I am accustomed to cold weather.
I am easily affected by cold weather.
I am very sensitive to the cold.
I haven't completely given up the idea.
I received a welcome.
I interviewed a lady who works to protect the environment.
I know a lot about environmental problems.
I like sweet cakes very much.
I have a fondness for sweets.
I allow myself no sweets.
I don't like spoiled children.
I have a sweet tooth.
I was aware of being watched.
I'm a nurse.
I want to be a nurse.
I can read Spanish easily.
I have a history of liver trouble.
I was at the theater.
I have a tourist visa.
I do not like to make mistakes.
I was abashed when my mistakes were pointed out.
I've made a mistake, though I didn't intend to.
I may have made a mistake.
I might be wrong.
I asked forgiveness for the mistake I made.
He did me the honor of saying that I was right.
I have brought his umbrella by mistake.
I took his umbrella by mistake.
I saw Tony off at Kansai International Airport.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I got my eyes tested.
I can hardly see without my glasses.
I can read without glasses.
I had broken my glasses, so that I couldn't see the blackboard.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
I felt as if my face were on fire.
I felt a cold wind on my face.
I went to sleep with a handkerchief over my face.
I was foiled in my attempt.
I was nearly run over by a truck.
I came near to being run over by the truck.
I came near to getting involved in a crime.
I went out on a limb and bought shares of Sony stock.
I don't like to run a risk.
I was filled with joy.
I could hardly contain myself for joy.
I am ready to follow you.
I am happy to help you.
I am willing to help you with your work.
I answered with joy.
I like a basic breakfast - miso soup and rice.
As I was frightened by the strange sound, I jumped up.
I heard a funny noise.
I found a strange object lying on the road.
I felt rather puzzled.
I'm feeling kind of tired.
I spread the big map on the table.
I unfolded the map on the desk.
I should have studied harder before the term exams.
I go to the museum whenever I get the chance.
I took the opportunity to visit Rome.
I'm not going back.
I met with a traffic accident on my way back.
I've been very busy since I returned from abroad.
May I go home?
I have to go home.
I always brush my coat when I come home.
I slept soon when I came home.
I got leave to go home.
I'm going to drop in at his house on my way home.
I had my purse stolen somewhere on my way home.
I passed behind him without being noticed.
I was feverish with embarrassment.
I'll put off my visit to England till the weather is warmer.
I can't hide my feelings.
I'm feeling sick.
I was too sick to stand.
I suggested that we should listen to music for a change.
I was deeply discouraged.
I am very fond of travelling by train.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
I have an orderly lifestyle.
I lead a regular life.
I am running short of memory.
I was guilty of a slip of memory.
I noticed your Model in the January issue of Techno-World Magazine.
I got a quick glimpse of Takanohana as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I recommend you to go by train.
I want to be an engineer.
I am going to be an engineer.
I have a suspicious nature.
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts.
I tried to fulfill my duty.
I am in duty bound to see this thing through.
I was appointed chairperson.
I have been nominated for the chairman.
I am not as busy as Yoshio.
I don't care for smoking; it's bad for the health.
I had a cup of coffee at the coffee shop.
I went into a tearoom, where I happened to see him.
I bade farewell to the guests.
I hold the converse opinion.
I was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
I visited the town for the first time in a long time.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
I was abroad on vacation.
I was out of town on vacation.
I saw the sights of Kyoto during my vacation.
I laid out a schedule for the vacation.
I spent the major part of my vacation at my uncle's.
Taking advantage of the holidays, I returned home to Nagoya.
I cannot afford a holiday.
I spent my vacation in Hakone.
I availed myself of a holiday to visit Tokyo.
I didn't go anywhere during the holiday.
I used to fish for hours on holidays.
I think twice before I smoke.
As I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
I'm not in a hurry.
I calculated hastily.
I hurried my clothes on.
I ate a hasty lunch.
I finished my lunch quickly.
I had a hasty breakfast and left home.
I put on my clothes in a hurry.
Must I hurry?
I had to make a speech at short notice.
I felt a sudden pain in my side.
I must be away on urgent business.
I couldn't help but cry.
I was almost in tears.
I met my classmate.
I proposed the plan to my classmates, some of whom were against it.
I work hard to catch up with the class.
One-fifth of my wages go to taxes.
I ran into an old friend of mine.
I met an old friend, and what was more strange, my former teacher.
I prefer mutton to beef.
I want to drink milk.
I must buy some milk.
I heard about it from another source last year.
I have not lived in Sanda since last year.
I have lived in Kobe since last year.
I lived in New York last year.
I took a trip across Canada last April.
I remember last summer's adventure.
I went to America last fall.
I didn't see a doctor last year.
I graduated from high school last year.
I did not live in Sanda last year.
I lived in Sanda City last year.
I graduated from university last year.
I underwent major surgery last year.
I was in the third year of middle school last year.
I came to Japan last year.
I got acquainted with him last year.
I noticed that I had slept past my station.
I like fish.
I prefer meat to fish any day.
I like meat better than fish.
I'd prefer meat to fish.
I want to live in Kyoto or in Nara.
I was born in Kyoto.
I am planning to visit Kyoto, and Nara as well.
I have been to Kyoto.
I went to Kyoto, where I happened to see her.
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I had no sooner arrived in Kyoto than I fell ill.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Kyoto.
I am deeply attached to old temples in Kyoto.
I'm going to stay with my uncle in Kyoto.
I have once been to Kyoto.
I never go to Kyoto without visiting the Nanzenji Temple.
I will visit Kyoto.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
I am impatient with those who aren't cooperative.
I had my umbrella blown off by the strong wind.
I firmly believe.
I have pretty much forgotten the emphatic constructions.
I met with an awful accident.
I almost went crazy with fear.
I could not say a word for fear.
I was trembling with fear.
The evolution of dinosaurs interests me greatly.
I am very tired from teaching.
It was brought home to me how important education is.
The necessity of education came home to me.
I regret becoming a teacher.
I forgot to buy the textbook.
I saw a woman at the church, whose beauty made a lasting impression on me.
I met her at the church.
I'm a teacher.
"I am a teacher." "So am I."
I am a writer rather than a teacher.
Now that I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
I intended to have become a teacher.
I started to learn English with the aim of becoming a teacher.
I couldn't make myself heard in the classroom.
I was alone in the classroom.
I'm a professor, or rather an associate professor, to be exact.
I am a professor.
I have an appointment with the professor at 1:30.
I parted from him on the bridge.
I was told the news by Hashimoto.
I held my breath in excitement.
I blew my breath against the mirror.
I'm staring at myself in a mirror.
I was surprised and became sad.
I jumped up in surprise.
I tried to learn the melody by heart.
I don't like the taste of onions.
I hold a belief in the importance of hard work.
I'm giving up smoking.
I swore off drinking only to start again the next week.
I am going to visit the art exhibition one of these days.
I am near-sighted, so I cannot make out what is written on that signboard.
I had an interesting conversation with my neighbor.
I'm on good terms with the neighbors.
I will call on him one of these days.
I don't like the idea that money is everything.
I need money badly.
Though I have neither money nor friends, I am not so unhappy as you think.
I have neither money nor friends.
I would choose honor before money.
I put the money in a three-year time deposit at the bank.
I'm not rich but have so much to offer.
I was a rich man.
I am not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I'm not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I went there for the express purpose of earning money.
I collect silver tea spoons.
I have several silver coins.
I exchanged some yen for dollars at the bank.
I worked for a bank.
I work for a bank.
I opened my account with the bank.
I have to go to the bank.
I'm going to the bank.
I went to the bank to withdraw $20,from deposit.
I'm a bank clerk.
I'm from Fukuoka in Kyushu.
I have never been to Kyushu.
I have a fancy for bitter things.
I worked my way through college.
I complained, but they refused to take this sweater back.
I have no faith in a silly superstition.
I was foolish enough to believe it.
I was foolish enough to leave my commutation ticket at home.
I was foolish enough to believe him.
I saw a strange moving object in the sky.
I can no more swim than I can fly.
I went into the air force.
I chanced to meet him at the airport.
I met a friend of mine at the airport.
I indulged in some duty-free shopping at the airport.
I have a picture of an airport.
I went to the airport to see my mother off.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I felt faint with hunger.
I was too hungry to speak.
I am a hungry spider.
I met Jane by accident.
I chanced to be working there.
I found the book by chance.
I met an old friend by chance in Kyoto.
I came to Liverpool by chance.
I met her by accident at the bus stop.
It chanced that I met him at the airport.
I came upon an old friend of mine on the train.
I met him by chance.
I met her at the station by accident.
I loosened my shoelaces.
I had my shoes mended at that store.
I got my shoes wet.
I've worn out my shoes.
I must buy a pair of shoes.
I had my shoes cleaned.
I am afraid of bears.
I think you made up that story about the accident.
I think it necessary that you should do so.
I don't know where you're from, and neither does he.
I am not pleased with what you have done.
I can't do such a thing like you did.
I regret saying that you were wrong.
I want the same dictionary as you have.
I heard you talking in your sleep last night.
I am very glad to hear of your success.
I am not wholly convinced that you are right.
I believe you are honest.
I want the same style of jacket as yours.
I think it necessary for you to see him.
I didn't blame you for hitting him.
I expect you all to do your best.
I was surprised at you and your brother appearing on TV.
I am glad to be with you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
I do not agree with you at all.
I'd love to come with you.
I came to the same decision as you.
I agree with you.
I want to ask a favor of you.
I owe you 3,yen.
I don't mind lending some money to you.
How much do I owe you?
I want you to play the guitar for me.
I want you to stay here longer.
I want you to read this English letter.
I want you to read this letter.
I may have told you this story before.
I want you to come at once.
I'd like you to go there.
I may have told you such a thing, but I don't remember it at all.
I will give you a notebook.
I mean you no harm.
I don't like your going there by yourself.
I owe everything to you.
I will keep nothing back from you.
I want to see you.
I recommend that you should buy a learner's dictionary.
I advise you to be punctual.
I can't let you talk about your own father that way.
I want you to see her.
I always had my eye on you.
I told him what I had told you.
I know your brother very well.
I don't need any bit of your charity.
I know your father very well.
I know your father.
I met your girlfriend.
I like you very much.
I couldn't but be irritated with you.
I am pleased with your present.
I am assured of your help.
I can't follow the course of your argument.
I don't object to your plan.
I am all ears to what you say.
I'm not so simple as to believe you.
I can't make heads or tails of what you say.
I know the person you are talking about.
I took your word for it.
I shall want an explanation of your behavior.
I'm very impressed by your work.
I'm thinking about you.
I don't quite know how it happened.
I like your car.
I need your help.
I can't be unconcerned about your future.
I can assure you of your success.
I may write a letter for you.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
I agree to your proposal.
I defer to your judgement.
I am fully convinced of your innocence.
I am tempted to doubt your friendship.
I cannot follow your theory.
I cannot follow your logic.
I am not more careful than you are.
I am not as interested in literature as you.
I'm looking forward to seeing you and your family.
I have ten more pens than you.
I'm much younger than you.
I'm taller than you.
I don't want to have you involved in the trouble.
I didn't want to bring you in.
I want to make you work harder.
I'll never fail you.
I'd better drive you home.
I can't help you. Do your assignment yourself.
I'll do whatever I can to help you.
I have confidence in you.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
I have one elder brother and a younger sister.
I played tennis with my brother.
I went to the movies with my brother.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
I came to Tokyo from Osaka counting on my brother's help.
I lent my coat to a friend of my brother.
I am not so diligent as my brother.
I went to the station to see my brother off.
I'm proud of my brother.
I cannot but give up my brother for lost.
I carefully explored the contract.
I saw Keiko playing tennis after school.
I am economically independent of my parents.
I am in financial difficulties.
I had to change my plans.
I didn't just make the plan, I carried it out.
I told the policeman what I knew.
I asked a policeman for directions.
I tried to get in touch with the police.
I was hit by the policeman.
I like light shoes.
I ate a light lunch.
I felt a light touch on my shoulder.
I sat behind a very tall man in the theater.
I like to see comedy in the theater.
I met with my teacher in the theater.
I would have been shot.
I never give up.
I'll never let you down.
I am far from blaming you.
I never say what is not true.
I never try to go to there.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I am anything but a liar.
I'll never do anything by halves.
I make it a rule never to eat between meals.
I adhered to my decision.
I'll never lose hope.
I make it a rule never to borrow money.
I never get seasick because I am used to traveling by boat.
I am by no means absent from this class because I am lazy.
I'm anything but bright.
I never eat meat.
I don't dislike him at all.
Never did I tell her that I loved her.
I'm very slow at making up my mind.
I took a picture at the decisive moment.
I can't tie a very good knot.
I failed after all.
I can hold my liquor.
That's fine with me.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
I'm married.
I consulted with my sister about my marriage.
I have low blood pressure.
I rent a room by the month.
I tried to imagine life on the moon.
I go to the movies once a month.
I go to the barber's once a month.
I go to Hiroshima three times a month.
I never fail to write to my mother once a month.
I am given a monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
I study English on Monday and Friday.
I expect that I will see him on Monday.
I want to travel to the moon.
I invited Ken, Bill and Yumi.
I lent the record to Ken.
I asked Ken to help me.
I exercise because I want to stay healthy.
I want to live as long as I can stay in good health.
I am blessed with good health.
I gave up smoking for health.
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.
I take my health seriously.
I had a physical checkup.
I go to the same school as Kenji.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
I call architecture frozen music.
I prepared for the game by training hard.
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.
I tried to stop their quarrel eagerly.
He had a gun on his person.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I like dogs very much.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I gave the dog a bone, stopping its barking.
I feed meat to my dog.
I fed some meat to my dog.
I like a dog better than a cat, for the former is more faithful than the latter.
I like dogs better than cats, because the former are more faithful than the latter.
I don't like dogs.
I prefer cats to dogs.
I have a dog and two cats.
I keep a dog.
I saw a dog. The dog held a piece of meat in its mouth.
I made my dog lie down.
I tied my dog to the tree in the yard.
I went about with my dog.
I concentrated my effort on the study.
I have a stiff shoulder.
I felt myself touched on the shoulder.
I recognized her the moment I saw her.
I bought every book on Japan I could find.
When he saw me, he pretended to be asleep.
I looked around, but saw nobody.
I saw a stranger enter that house.
I saw a stranger steal into his house.
I've come to see the sights.
I have lost my key.
It seems that I have lost my keys.
I have lost the key.
I asked for the key and went upstairs to my room.
I broke down the door because I lost the key.
I forgot the key and went back for it.
I'm fine.
I am getting on well.
I was brought up under rigid discipline.
I'm very much in favor of cutting taxes.
I'm trying to lose weight.
I went up to the front door.
I heard the front doorbell ring.
I don't have any cash about me.
I must be content with my present salary.
I am content with my current position.
I went to the scene of the crime.
I must admit I don't like much contemporary music.
I really can't understand modern sculpture.
Modern art has no interest for me.
I only did as I was told.
I can convey my feelings in words.
I didn't know how to express myself.
I chose a word carefully.
I, for one, am for the plan.
I refused it for private reasons.
I, for one, don't like pictures like this.
I bid ten dollars for the old stove.
I bought an old lamp.
I have an old bicycle.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
I bought an old car.
I like my old brass tea pot.
I keep old books with care.
I saw an old friend of mine.
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper.
I'm very interested in classical literature.
I ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore.
I am bound to him by a close friendship.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
I felt lonely.
I like to go to a cabin in the woods to enjoy solitude.
I put a new handle to the door.
I had the door mended.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
I swept up dead leaves.
I had my photo taken on the shore of the lake.
I aimed at the tiger and fired, but missed him.
I will finish the work in five days.
I have been studying English for five years.
I studied for a while in the afternoon.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
I've been reading that book all afternoon.
I have been reading books all afternoon.
I am free this afternoon.
I spent the afternoon painting a picture.
I'm not free to go this afternoon.
I slept the whole afternoon away.
I arrived at the stadium at 4:p.m., but the game had already started.
I take a walk at two in the afternoon.
I'm going to leave about ten in the morning.
I'm on duty from 9:a.m. to 5:p.m.
I work hard in the garden in the morning.
I felt a bit tired from swimming all morning.
I have been writing letters all morning.
I've been vacuuming the rooms all morning.
I have been reading a book all morning.
I'll follow.
I'll join you later.
I was bidden to stay behind.
I chose to leave instead of staying behind.
I want to build up my vocabulary.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
I am no better than a beggar.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
I explained to the host that I had been delayed by a traffic jam.
I met Ken at the park.
I found the lost ball in the park.
I saw him in the park.
I go to the park.
I like to go to the park and watch the children in the playground enjoying themselves.
I walk to the park.
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
I went for a walk in the park.
I like going for a walk in the park.
I am not accustomed to making speeches in public.
I'm a government worker.
My tongue failed me.
I taste, eat and drink with my mouth.
I had hardly opened my mouth, when she interrupted me.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
I know the man sitting over there.
I like to decorate my apartment to suit my taste.
I went there out of curiosity.
I only asked you the question out of curiosity.
I took advantage of an opportunity.
I pointed to the factory.
I had the fortune to win the first prize in the speech contest.
I feel happy.
I realized how rare happy people were.
I had the luck to find a good job.
I was lucky enough to get a good seat.
I had the good fortune to succeed.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
I lent the record to Ken, not to Koji.
I was too happy to sleep.
I looked back upon my happy school days.
I am far from happy.
I had a happy childhood.
I lead a happy life.
I want to live a happy life.
I will define happiness as this.
I have never been to Hiroshima.
I cannot pass the matter by without making a protest.
I read fifty pages further.
I had my purse stolen in the changing room.
I took on the job of proofreading.
I spoke to the principal himself.
I met the principal himself.
I don't mind.
I paid in coin.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I don't like either tea or coffee.
I want to drink a cup of tea.
I put Paul's name forward as a possible candidate.
I'd like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I guess I'll have to think it over.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
I didn't go but stayed.
I advise you not to go.
I didn't go, but stayed at home.
I don't have to go-I want to go.
I went there because I wanted to.
I don't think I want to go.
I didn't want to go, but she had been so kind to me that I couldn't but accept the invitation.
I consented to go.
I intended to go, but forgot to.
I am afraid to go.
I had no choice but to go.
I can not go, nor do I want to.
I cannot go. For one thing I have no money.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
I thought of various factors before I acted.
I need time to mull things over before I decide what to do.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I take my dog for a walk, rain or shine.
I am in the second year of high school.
I completed the whole high school curriculum.
I think I will go to London after finishing high school.
The last time I read classical Japanese literature was in high school.
I am in the first year of high school.
I'm a high school student.
I have a terror of heights.
I see much of Takaoka.
I had a high fever; otherwise I could have gone camping.
I have never been to the U.S.
I ran away from the training camp.
I can not feel at home in a luxurious hotel.
I passed a test in Japanese.
I have a black and a white coat.
I have a black and white dog.
I put on my glasses to see the blackboard.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
I am now on duty.
I feel like taking a bath now.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
I am in no humor for reading now.
I am not now in a position to help you.
I do not need money now.
I am playing the guitar now.
I will do it right now.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I am about as big as my father now.
I have no remembrance of it now.
I still correspond with an old friend of mine from time to time.
I still think about her from time to time.
I still bear her name in mind.
I am learning her name still, too.
I was about to leave when you came in.
I am busy cooking at the moment.
I had to come to terms with my present salary.
I am not satisfied with my present lot.
I am not happy with my job.
I am playing volleyball now.
I do not play tennis as much as I used to.
I don't feel like going out right now.
I don't want to eat lunch now.
I am playing the piano now.
I'm playing football now.
I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap in the dark.
I have been studying English for three years.
I've never associated you with this place.
I have read three Shakespearean works up to now.
Never have I seen such a peaceful sight.
Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
Never have I dreamed such a strange dream.
Never have I heard anyone say a thing like that.
I've read some hundred books so far.
I have been satisfied with my work so far.
Never in my life have I seen such a peaceful sight.
I'm proud to think that I have never yet been late to school.
I've never given anyone a Hermes scarf.
I am now under a doctor's care.
I am studying English now.
I don't smoke now, but I used to.
What am I to do now?
I'm free now.
I'm going to get my own way this time.
I got terrible grades this term.
I have hardly studied this term, so I'm going to study hard next term.
I haven't studied physics much all semester.
I'm on vacation.
I live in Kyoto now.
I'm at the airport now.
I have a slight headache now.
I have to reduce my expenses this month.
I am now in an old castle.
I am up to my neck in work.
I'm just beginning.
I am writing a letter now.
I am writing a letter.
I have been busy all this week.
I take a vacation this week.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
I'm flying to London for a business meeting this week.
I was told to learn this poem by heart by the end of this week.
I've got to do my homework now.
I just arrived now.
I rented a videotape this morning.
I saw Mr Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
I got up late this morning.
I slipped and hurt myself while I was clearing the road of snow this morning.
I got up at six this morning.
This morning I missed the 8:train by five minutes.
This morning I got up later than usual.
I've been waiting here for him since this morning.
I have had a slight fever since this morning.
I just got here this morning.
I was surprised at the news this morning.
I got up very late this morning.
Not until this morning did I learn the truth.
I have been working since six this morning.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
I was late again this morning, which made my boss angry.
I ran all the way to the station this morning.
I got to the station this morning.
I wasn't in time for school this morning.
I was late for school this morning.
I went to church this morning.
I took a walk with my dog this morning.
I've just eaten breakfast.
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning.
I met him early this morning.
I arrived here safely early this morning.
I reached Nagoya early this morning.
As I got the train this morning, I met an old friend of mine.
I have arrived here safe and sound this morning.
I tried to get up at six this morning.
I think I'll take the test this time.
I will have been studying English for five years next February.
I will have been studying for five years next February.
I must get this work finished by next Tuesday.
I am going to play tennis next Sunday.
I'll not be at home next Sunday.
I am now in a delicate position.
I got hurt today.
I bought many books today so I put them in order.
I'll abstain from going out today.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I spent dollars today.
I am to go there today.
I don't know much about today's revolutions.
I caught sight of George on my way home this afternoon.
I am taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
I don't think I will get through all this work this afternoon.
I was caught in a shower this afternoon.
I have nothing to do this afternoon.
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.
I'm going to see Mary this afternoon.
I am going to study English this afternoon.
I am going out this afternoon.
I will play with Naoko this afternoon.
I have a bad headache today.
I'm free today.
I have nothing more to do today.
I am free from work today.
I'm not busy today.
I was going to hand in my application form to the boss today, but he beat me to the punch.
I'm very busy today.
I didn't have lunch today.
I went shopping in town today.
I am in Tokyo today.
I saw him twice today.
I got a letter from her today.
I have to cook dinner today.
I promised him that I would come today.
I get only five days off this summer.
I am going abroad this summer.
I have had a bad report this year.
I have been abroad several times this year.
I feel like having some pizza tonight.
I will come to your party this evening.
I mean to be there this evening.
I am invited to dinner this evening.
I want to see baseball on television this evening.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I am starting this evening.
I'll leave Tokyo for Osaka tonight.
I'll leave Tokyo tonight.
I can't think of his name just now.
I have no thought of seeing her now.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
I have caught a cold.
I have a cold now.
I am not studying now.
I am studying now.
I'm not busy now.
I'm now busy writing a book.
I am reading a book now.
I will be with you tonight.
I will catch up on my homework tonight.
Must I attend the party tonight?
I'm going out tonight, regardless.
I think I'll take a bath tonight.
I am supposed to babysit the children tonight.
I am due to speak tonight.
I am playing baseball.
I have nothing particular to say now.
Whenever I'm in trouble, I confer with him.
I am in trouble.
Can you help me out of my trouble?
I never turn my back on a friend in need.
I am confronted with a difficult problem.
I was embarrassed.
I am interested in the study of insects.
I am a career teacher.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
I like Sachiko better.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I saw him again.
I am the fastest runner.
I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
I have not felt well recently.
I've not been feeling very well lately.
I can't keep up with the recent British music scene.
I have been busy lately.
I have recently given up smoking.
I've been very busy lately.
I have a poor appetite these days.
I have seen him quite recently.
I haven't seen him lately.
I have not had a cold lately.
I believe the honest will win in the long run.
I watched for the last chance.
I am as happy as can be.
I caught the last bus.
I failed to catch the last bus, and came home by taxi.
I was late for the last bus.
I don't want to risk missing the last train of the day.
I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.
I knew that all along.
I couldn't understand him at first.
I couldn't recognize her at first.
I have an up-to-date dictionary.
I have a bicycle of the latest model.
I have to do my best.
I will try to do my best.
I resolved I would do my best.
I was unwilling for my wife to accept the invitation.
I could not accept that my wife was really dead.
I told my wife to get ready in a hurry.
I had my wife die.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I talked my wife out of buying a new carpet.
I'm old and not too well.
I know Mr. Saito by sight, but I haven't met him yet.
I confessed my sin.
I don't have much desire for wealth.
I seem to have lost my purse.
I had lost my purse, so I couldn't buy the cassette.
I left the keys with my wallet.
I left my purse behind.
I contrived to leave my wallet behind.
I come from Saitama.
I aim to be a writer.
I had my brother correct the errors in my composition.
I stopped playing baseball last season.
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
I received a letter in English yesterday.
I gave a speech at the wedding yesterday.
I read an article about acid rain yesterday.
I saw him beaten yesterday.
I stayed up late last night.
I profited 200,yen yesterday.
I worked more than eight hours yesterday.
I had some money stolen yesterday.
I have lived in Kobe since yesterday.
I have been busy since yesterday.
I have not been busy since yesterday.
I bought this camera yesterday.
I had to go there yesterday.
I went there yesterday.
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
I fixed the car yesterday.
I went fishing in the river yesterday.
I bought the book yesterday.
I hoped to have finished it yesterday.
I saw an old film featuring Charlie Chaplin yesterday.
I did not play tennis yesterday.
I watched TV yesterday.
I played with Tony yesterday.
I called at Tony's house yesterday.
I visited Tony yesterday.
It was not until yesterday that I got the news.
It was not till yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not until yesterday that I knew it.
It was not until yesterday that I learned the truth.
I watched TV at six last night.
I enjoyed myself at the party yesterday.
I ran across an old friend of mine at the party yesterday.
I unexpectedly met an old friend of mine on the bus yesterday.
I was home all day yesterday.
I left home without having breakfast yesterday.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
I had to finish the work by yesterday.
I went to the park with Mary yesterday.
I met Mary yesterday.
I was obliged to go out yesterday.
I'm much better today than yesterday.
I turned in a paper yesterday.
I was in bed all day long yesterday.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
I met Tony on my way home yesterday.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
I had to make up for three other employees, who were laid off yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I went to school yesterday.
I was late for school yesterday.
I got my wallet stolen in the train yesterday.
I caught five fish yesterday.
Yesterday I ran across an old friend of mine at the airport.
I met him by accident at the airport yesterday.
I met your father yesterday.
I intended to have called on you yesterday.
I quarrelled with my older brother yesterday.
I saw Miss Smith in the theater yesterday.
I had never seen such an exciting rugby match as one I saw yesterday.
I went to the park yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from walking in the park.
I was happy yesterday.
I had to work overtime yesterday.
I was absent from work yesterday.
Having finished the work yesterday, I am free today.
I got a new battery put in my watch yesterday.
I lost my watch yesterday.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
I had my bicycle fixed yesterday.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.
I met him yesterday for the first time.
I wasn't born yesterday!
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
I got up early yesterday.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I was in Tokyo yesterday.
I arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I met him yesterday.
I met him yesterday, when he told me the news.
I called him up yesterday.
I helped him yesterday.
I paid him a visit yesterday.
I really regret what I said to her yesterday.
I passed by her house yesterday.
I received her letter yesterday.
He read a most interesting novel yesterday.
I was ill yesterday.
I had a strange dream last night.
I helped my father yesterday.
I caught a cold yesterday.
I didn't have to study yesterday.
I was busy yesterday.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
I went to see the baseball game yesterday.
I cooked supper last night.
I will never forget meeting that popular writer last year.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I remember being introduced to him at a party last year.
I started sailing last year.
I went to Vienna for the first time last year.
I retired last year.
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.
I listened to some CDs last night.
I seem to have misplaced my key last night.
I finished reading the book last night.
I stayed up till very late last night.
I listened to some records last night.
I met my teacher by accident at the restaurant last night.
I had a bad dream last night.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
I was harried by mosquitoes last night.
I was in trouble with the police last night.
I wrote three letters last night.
I watched the baseball game last night.
I stayed at home last night.
I sat up till late last night.
I had a funny dream last night.
I arrived here last night.
I enjoyed watching soccer last night.
I spent two hours watching a baseball game on TV last night.
Last night I fell asleep with television on.
I watched TV last night.
I'd rather have gone to the concert last night.
I did not sleep well last night.
I slept comfortably last night.
I had my bicycle stolen last night.
I had my car stolen last night.
I wrote a letter last night.
I caught up on all my homework last night.
I got acquainted with him last night.
I had a good dream last night.
I painted the fence green.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
I read about the singer in a magazine, too.
I am reading a magazine.
When I wash dishes, I am all thumbs.
I had no more than three pounds.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
I must go to the station at three o'clock.
I will stay here till three o'clock.
I reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance.
I found my father's diary which he kept for years.
I am the tallest of the three.
I read it in the magazine three days ago.
I lived in Japan three years ago.
I lost my umbrella.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
I didn't need to take an umbrella with me.
I go to the mountain.
I climb mountains because they are there.
I like to walk in the mountains.
I like climbing mountains.
I saw a chain of mountains.
I felt ready to give in because of my miserable failure.
I got my hair cut.
I had my hair cut at the barber's.
I like walking, especially in the morning.
I like taking a walk.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I have no mind to go for a walk.
I was told to wait for a while.
I have come to see you on business.
I come into contact with all kinds of people in my work.
I'm busy with the work all the time.
I just flew in on business.
I'm very tired from work.
I was abroad on an assignment.
I was out of town on an assignment.
I was tired with the work.
I was exhausted from work.
I'm busy with work.
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.
I must go about my work.
I'm satisfied with my work.
I'm serious about my job.
I work hard and play hard.
I put my family before my career.
I always feel pleased when I've finished a piece of work.
I continued to work all morning.
I still have a lot of work to do.
I got through with my work just now.
I check off each task on my list as soon as I complete it.
I will endeavor to complete my task.
I had to hurry the work.
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.
Having finished the work, I went to the coffee shop for a rest.
I made an effort to finish my work.
I did the whole of the work by myself.
I carried on my work.
I'm looking for work.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
I do not like anyone to intrude when I am working.
I had an accident at work.
I thought only Japanese were workaholics.
I was compelled to hold a strap.
I have to part with my old furniture.
I put the used syringes in a can for safe disposal.
I discharged one of my servants.
I can't stand raw fish.
I took the lift to the third floor.
I like summer best of the four seasons.
I am from Shikoku.
I said all along that he was not a person to be trusted, but you would not listen to me.
You are in my thoughts at all times.
I made an early start in order to catch the first bus.
I board the train at the terminal.
I got up early so that I might be in time for the first train.
I must catch the first train.
I was in a great hurry to take the first train.
I had wanted to catch the first train.
I saw my sister tear up the letter.
I want the same watch as my sister has.
I hope that my sister will pass the entrance examination.
I went to the zoo with my sister.
I cooperated with my sister in cleaning the room.
I was helped to do my homework by my sister.
I turned to my sister for a piece of advice.
I consulted with my sister.
I'm going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister.
I am less slender than my sister is.
I have more dresses than my sister.
I don't know both of the sisters.
I objected to being treated like a child.
I couldn't eat fish when I was a child.
I left my baby in her care and went shopping.
I don't like being treated like a child.
I can't make a decision on the spot. I'll have to talk to my boss first.
I don't have any children.
I think it dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
I heard the children singing together.
I told an amusing story to the children.
I bought the book which the children need.
I have to think of her name at once.
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
I used to go fishing in the river when I was a child.
As a boy, I used to go fishing.
I used to like walking in the rain when I was a child.
When I was a kid, I dreamed of becoming a star like Seiko Matsuda.
I have known Tom since I was a little boy.
I have been fond of adventure since I was a child.
I was a healthy child.
I'm proud of having run fast as a boy.
I loved reading when I was a child.
I could swim well even when I was a boy.
I could swim well when I was a boy.
I have known him ever since he was a child.
When I was a little boy, I often went fishing with my brother in the river.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
When I was a kid, I was all thumbs.
I went to church every Sunday when I was a boy.
I am greatly blessed in my children.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I supplied the children with necessary books.
I have to think of my children.
I remonstrated with him about his treatment of his children.
I cannot tolerate noisy children.
I bought three apples and two bunches of grapes for dessert at the market.
I bought this old clock at an antique stall in the market.
I have been acquainted with the mayor for more than twenty years.
I addressed a petition to the mayor.
I ran for the mayor.
I borrow them from the city library.
I will work to the best of my ability.
I was amazed at the unexpected result.
I mustered up my courage and went there.
I took it upon myself to telephone the police.
I chanced talking to her.
I dare not speak to her.
I was able to finish the work earlier than I had expected.
I wept in spite of myself.
I burst out laughing in spite of myself.
I ran a splinter into my finger.
I had no feeling in my fingers.
I burned my fingertip.
I had to finish the job by the stated date.
I have no idea what death is like.
I want to die, but I cannot.
It was his narrative that bored me to death.
I will fight to the last breath.
I worked as if there were no tomorrow.
I will abolish capital punishment.
I am not keen on anything that is after life.
I thought that we would be good friends from the beginning.
I was led to the conclusion that we made a fatal mistake.
I think it important that we should keep calm.
I am the tallest in our class.
I didn't say anything at all about our plan.
I saved for future needs a little money as our marriage fund.
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine.
I've spent almost all my money.
I'm looking for my camera.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
I am proud of my pretty cat.
I claimed my baggage.
I couldn't make myself understood.
It is interesting for me to read my old diary.
I viewed my action as a crime.
I viewed my action in the light of a crime.
I don't have much in common with my left-handed boyfriend.
I hear with my ears.
I'm doing my homework.
I made my son a doctor.
I think with my head.
I smell with my nose.
I was not as strong as my father.
I see with my eyes.
I am loved by my parents.
I asked the villagers many times to let me die.
I was annoyed with him for keeping me waiting.
I doubt if anyone even remembers his name now, except for me.
I want to improve myself.
I am going to write about our parks and mountains.
We did it ourselves.
I put down his address on paper.
I wrote down his phone number on a scrap of paper.
I cut the paper with a pair of scissors.
I am quite healthy and have had no cold.
I have weak sight.
I have an inclination for poetry.
I like poets, such as Takuboku.
I would like to try this dress on.
I tried climbing the mountain.
I tried standing on my head.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
I was happy to pass the exam.
I passed the exam and so did Tom.
I will do my best to pass the examination.
I exerted myself to pass the examination.
I am studying hard so that I can pass the exam.
I failed the exam.
I studied hard in order to pass the examination.
I studied hard so that I could pass the examination.
I am anxious about the results of the examination.
I ran through the textbook once more before the examination.
I have to have an interview before taking the examination.
I stayed up late preparing for the examination.
I must prepare for the exam.
I am going to apply for a scholarship.
I keep a female cat.
I remember reading about a dog that had eaten its owner.
Need I go to the dentist's?
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.
I've been to the dentist's.
I must postpone going to the dentist.
I am going to ascertain the truth of the matter.
I turned over the business to my son.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
I was late on account of an accident.
I ask these questions by way of finding out the cause of the accident.
I was called out to the scene of the accident.
I blamed him for the accident.
I know it for a fact.
I made the fact known to all my friends.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
I called for Mr Stone at the office.
I was given the task of cleaning the office.
I can give you several instances.
I don't have any money on hand.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
I was thrown out of the house bag and baggage.
I sold the best jewel that I had.
I meet him at school now and then.
I rarely go to the movies.
I am out of time.
I hired a boat by the hour.
I failed to go there in time.
I did not reach school in time.
I've got time on my hands.
I'm paid by the hour.
I make a point of being punctual.
I found my watch broken.
I checked the time on the clock.
I used much money for the repair of a clock.
I advanced the hands on the clock.
I must put my watch forward two minutes.
I am going to have my watch repaired by John.
I lost my watch, so I have to buy one.
I have lost my watch.
I bought a watch with cash.
I had my watch fixed.
I had my watch repaired.
I put my watch in for repair.
I had my watch stolen.
I bought a watch, and I lost it the day after.
I bought a watch.
I bought a watch and I lost it the next day.
I lost my watch.
I looked up the arrival time in the timetable.
I sometimes escape from my office and have a cup of coffee.
I sometimes wrote him a very long letter.
At times I confuse curve with carve.
I meet him at the club from time to time.
I sometimes skate.
I play tennis once in a while.
I sometimes use scissors as a can opener.
I sometimes enjoy my leisure in fishing.
I have occasional pains in the stomach.
I would sometimes travel abroad alone.
I go to the movies once in a while.
I'm sometimes in a bad temper.
I sometimes dream of home.
I fall asleep in the class every now and then.
I sometimes get uneasy about the future.
I go to the library from time to time.
I like to ride a horse now and then.
I meet him from time to time.
I call on him sometimes.
I sometimes play tennis with her.
I visit my friend's house at intervals.
I sometimes cook dinner.
I sometimes talk to my neighbor across the fence.
I read three kinds of newspapers in order to keep abreast with the times.
I make it a rule to read the newspaper every day lest I should fall behind the times.
I meet her at school now and then.
I can run at the rate of fifty miles an hour.
I read a newspaper every day so that I may keep up with the time.
I read books and magazines to keep up with the times.
I went to the theater to see a period drama.
I read newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
I am having trouble with one thing after another.
I am forever in trouble.
I don't know what to do next.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
I was at a loss what to do next.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
I was embarrassed when he talked to me.
I will take the next plane for New York.
I must get off at the next station.
I am getting off at the next station.
I'm getting off at the next station.
I will be seeing the doctor again next Friday.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
I'm getting off at the next stop.
I turned page after page.
I was all ears.
I listened but could not hear any sound.
My ears sometimes ring.
I didn't say such a thing of my own will.
I can't help loving my country.
I want to have my own room.
I'm used to cooking for myself.
I found my bicycle gone.
When I fell off my bicycle, I couldn't get up for a few minutes.
I go to school by bicycle.
I must ride a bicycle.
I got on a bicycle and chased after the thief.
I want to ride a bicycle, because I live far from my school.
I can ride a bicycle.
I oiled my bicycle.
I don't have a bicycle, let alone a car.
I have a bicycle.
I got my bicycle repaired.
I must have my bicycle repaired.
I had my bicycle stolen.
I must have my car fixed in a few days.
I held the party at my own expense.
I know that I am a good teacher.
I don't have to apologize for what I said.
I'm very proud of the job I chose myself.
I have no regrets about what I did.
I found myself bored by the book.
I'm sure of winning the championship.
I am proud of being a doctor.
I know what a lucky boy I am.
I like to think I know what I'm talking about.
I find it necessary to be able to say what I feel.
I count myself lucky in having good health.
I hope I am very efficient.
I can prove that I am right.
I am convinced that I am right.
I believe I am in the right.
I don't know the exact place I was born.
I realized that what I had chosen didn't really interest me.
I want to finish the work on my own.
I have to go there myself.
I'm going to work out the problem by myself.
I'm learning to sew so that I can make myself a dress.
I myself was not conscious of it, but I may have been jealous of his success.
I hope to find a job of my own choosing.
I wondered if I could do such a thing.
I can only speak for myself.
I have no regrets for what I have done.
I'm sorry for what I have done.
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I did so for the sake of my health.
I was ashamed of my behavior.
I lay on my bed.
I'm interested in creating my own web pages.
I was wary of showing my intentions.
I will have my own way.
I decided on telling her of my love.
I told a lie against my will.
I did it against my will.
I made known my intentions to my parents.
I have no great belief in my doctor.
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
I could not stand my house being torn down.
I long to experience the food and culture of my home.
I have already packed my things.
I acknowledge my mistake.
I can't convey my feelings in words.
I'm sorry about my mistake.
I came to regret my mistake.
I want to make it clear that I have not changed my mind.
I had complete mastery over my feeling.
I'm not good at expressing my feelings.
I cannot help laughing at my folly.
I accommodated my plan to those new circumstances.
I wrote to inform him of my decision.
I gave my old clothes for the flea market sale.
I feel abashed at my mistake.
I admit my mistake.
It is hard for me to put my thoughts into words.
I'll try to shape my ideas into a book.
I entrusted my property to the lawyer.
I can tell my umbrella from the others.
I am very pleased with my job.
I am tired of my work.
I lost interest in my work.
I am content with my job.
I have little, if any time that I can call my own.
I took it for granted that my watch kept the correct time.
I had my bicycle fixed by my brother.
I like to have my dictionary within easy reach.
I prefer to travel in my car.
I like going on trips in my car.
I made a good profit by selling my car.
I compared my car with his.
I dreaded his reply to my letter.
I thought over my future.
I want to have a talk with him about my future.
I'm not entirely satisfied with my position.
I am not so foolish as to quarrel with my bread and butter.
I felt my heart beating wildly.
I loved my life and my money.
I remember the house where I grew up.
I am deeply attached to my hometown.
I've got to earn my own living.
I was ushered to my seat.
I am ashamed of my son's conduct.
He is proud of his son.
I am content with my circumstances.
I looked at my bank account book, and happily discovered that I had an extra $50!
I boldly painted my answer.
I was full of shame at my rudeness.
In my room, I can listen to my favorite singer to my heart's content.
I am studying English in my room.
I have to clean my room.
I will sweep out my room.
I've spent the entire morning cleaning my room.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I quoted some famous phrases in my book.
I could hear my name called.
I was surprised to hear my name called.
I found my name written on the blackboard.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I will carry out my aims.
I was wary of showing my intention.
I lost sight of my friends.
I am determined to spend my lifetime pursuing my ideals.
I am not all too certain of my position.
I cannot solve the problem on my own.
I will study abroad on my own.
I identified myself with the gangsters in the film.
To defend myself, I had to tell a lie.
I am very proud of the job I chose myself.
I am occupied with my own affairs.
I live my life for the sake of myself.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
I'd like to see the Statue of Liberty.
I searched for the meaning of this word in the dictionary.
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
I cannot do without a dictionary.
I have no shortage of dictionaries.
I have gathered examples with the object of making a dictionary.
I have no intention of resigning.
He handed in his resignation.
I had an excellent breakfast at seven.
I left home at seven.
I will eat supper at seven.
I must work hard to make up for lost time.
I made up for lost time.
I know nothing concerning the lost letter.
I am out of work.
Though I failed, I will try again.
I will answer for the failure.
I accounted for the failure.
I took the liberty of calling him by his first name.
I'd rather go out than stay indoors.
I can't stand humidity.
I had some questions and raised my hand.
I find no shame in asking questions.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I can't make out in the business world.
I don't really care for that sort of thing.
I did not take many photos.
I had my photograph taken.
I attended the party with the intention of taking some pictures.
I'm fond of taking pictures.
I am interested in taking pictures.
I illustrated his biography with some pictures.
I have an interest in photography.
I'm very interested in social studies.
I'm majoring in sociology.
I want to see the director of the company.
I asked my boss for a pay increase.
I watched the car disappearing slowly around the corner.
I am fond of cars.
I reported the theft of my car to the police.
I go to church by car.
I go to the office by car, and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams.
I prefer walking to riding.
I turned right.
I know how to drive a car.
I do not know how to drive a car.
I tried to shut out the noise of the traffic, but it was of no avail.
I want to drive.
I caught a glimpse of the phantom sitting behind the wheel.
Whenever I drive, I fasten my seat belt to protect myself.
I am able to drive a car.
I can drive a car, but Tom can't.
I don't have a car.
I don't have a car, but my sister does.
I must have my car repaired.
I am very tired from a long drive.
I had my car stolen.
I decided to buy a car.
I will buy a car.
I didn't feel like buying a car.
I have enough money to buy a car.
I came out of the garage and walked to the truck.
I watched from the garage window, amazed at what I saw.
I rented a house with a garage.
I have a horror of snakes.
I'm not in the least afraid of snakes.
The snake bit me in the leg.
I don't like to be disturbed.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I just went into debt.
I must repay the debt.
When I was young, I was living from hand to mouth.
I left home when I was young.
When I was young, I would often watch baseball.
I did smoke when I was young.
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
I often played soccer when I was young.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I often played baseball when I was young.
I used to play tennis as a young student.
I have been a lover of sports since I was young.
I read a lot of books in my youth; I am a scholar in my own way.
I would go to the mountains when young.
I regret not having worked hard in my youth.
I regret having been idle in my youth.
In my youth we used to float down the river on a raft.
I worked on Mr Wood's farm when I was young.
I don't agree to a young lady going there alone.
I put down what I thought was useful to young men.
I was young, and I wanted to live.
My husband and I are calling it quits.
I am a housewife.
I don't like to be made a fuss about.
I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast.
I felt my hands tremble.
I have a dictionary in my hand.
I save what money I got.
I have a book in my hand.
I don't have any good reference book at hand.
I led him by the hand.
I tried to persuade him by all possible means.
To make sure that I said all the right things in the letter.
I make a point of writing an answer as soon as I get a letter.
I remember that a letter is sent.
I wrote a letter.
I'm writing a letter.
I am not writing a letter.
Do I have to write a letter?
I finished writing a letter.
I am going to write a letter.
I don't remember posting the letter.
I have a little money with me.
I was relieved to know that the operation was a success.
I bought a pair of gloves.
I felt my way to the door.
Will you please help me?
I bought him a drink in return for his help.
I want to be a magician.
I collect stamps as a hobby.
The spirits muddled my brain.
I neither smoke nor drink.
I mean to stop drinking.
I don't drink alcohol.
I shook my head.
I succeeded in reaching the top of the mountain.
I succeeded in the recovery of the stolen wallet.
I don't know whether to accept or refuse.
I will devote myself to studying for the entrance exams.
I put the receiver to my ear.
I ordered sushi, and John tempura.
I hurried out so as to be in time for class.
I went to sleep during the lesson.
I had a hard time making both ends meet.
I've lost my religious faith.
I am looking forward very much to the school excursion.
I turned the table upside down to fix it.
I like autumn best.
I'm going to Paris in the fall.
I prefer spring to autumn.
I like spring better than fall.
I missed the last bus, and was obliged to walk home in the rain.
I was late for the last train.
I spent the whole day reading a novel.
I work out in a gym two or three times a week.
I jog twice a week.
I visit my grandparents twice a week.
I visit my grandmother twice a week.
I meet her once a week.
I'll be going shopping in the latter part of the week.
I bought a weekly magazine.
I'm going to Izu over the weekend.
I never work on weekends.
I enjoyed playing tennis over the weekend.
I have a lot of work to finish up before the end of the week.
I have lots of work to clear up by the weekend.
I am going to spend the weekend in Kanazawa.
I spent the weekend reading a long novel.
I am going to spend the weekend in Tokyo.
I suffered from my mortgage loan.
I hadn't seen for ten years.
I took to drinking when I was eighteen.
I had a good sleep.
I have enjoyed myself to the full.
I accepted the offer after due consideration.
I am sixteen years old.
I like to sleep on a soft bed.
I dragged the heavy baggage to the airport.
I made a serious mistake.
I am charged with an important mission.
I'm in debt to my uncle for $10,000.
I was given a camera by my uncle.
I spent a week at my uncle's.
I am living with my uncle.
I respect my uncle, so I named my first son John after him.
I came across my aunt in Europe.
We found a room at the inn.
I don't like homework.
I watch TV after I finish my homework.
I'm busy with my homework.
I am tired of homework.
I fell asleep while I was doing my homework.
I was tired from doing my homework.
I haven't finished all my homework yet.
Having done my homework, I watched television.
It took me three hours to do my homework.
I have no time to do my homework.
Having done my homework, I watched the baseball game on television.
I've finished my homework.
I read the book after I had finished my homework.
I was unable to finish my homework.
I want to rest a little because all the homework is finished.
I have finished my assignment.
As for me, I don't want to go out.
I'm going to start.
I'm taking off. See you tomorrow.
I am going to start.
I am ready to start.
I work for a firm of publishers.
I translated the poem as best I could.
I will try to avoid tunnels as much as possible.
I kept as quiet as possible.
I put up with her as long as I could.
I do not like spring.
I'm longing for the spring.
I am going to do odd jobs during the spring vacation.
I am going to work during the spring vacation.
I was wrong all along.
I saw a koala for the first time.
I skied for the first time.
I saw the mountain for the first time.
I visited New York for the first time.
I came to Japan for the first time.
I ate Japanese food for the first time.
I met him for the first time.
At first I did not like him, but now I do.
I wasn't able to believe him at first.
We met at the designated spot.
I am very sensitive to heat.
I was used to the heat.
I can't stand the heat.
I was affected by the heat.
I couldn't sleep because of the heat.
I'm in charge of the book department.
I attached my signature to the document.
I've deposited the papers with him.
I don't know every one of you.
I need someone to help me.
I have no friends to help me.
I have not asked for help, nor do I desire it.
I heard a call for help.
I am looking for an assistant.
I like lyric better than epic.
I saw the girls pick the wild flowers.
I have never fallen in love with any girl.
I like girls to be cheerful.
I intend seeing the queen.
I remember I saw the queen.
I certainly don't subscribe to the view that women are necessarily more moral than men.
I heard a woman scream.
Woman as I am, I shall stand up against any social injustice.
I am weak as regards to girls.
I'll be happy whether I win or lose.
I work for a trading company.
I had to see someone on business.
I took over the business from Father.
I gather information about the quality of goods.
I have a business visa.
I sat for a scholarship.
I'm fond of playing shogi.
I play shogi a little.
I would like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
I would like to be a pilot in the future.
I want to become a TV announcer in the future.
I feel hopeful about the future.
I am anxious about the future.
I thought about the future.
I want to become a doctor in the future.
I hope I will become a dentist in the future.
I don't know what is in store for me in the future.
I will have to take over Father's business in the future.
I will look after my parents in the future.
I used to like chocolate when I was small.
I used to wet the bed when I was small, but I grew out of it by the time I was seven.
I warned little Mary to leave the kerosene heater alone.
I heard a little girl crying.
I live in a small town.
I propose a short rest.
I am short of pocket money.
I was absorbed in reading a novel.
I stayed home all day long reading novels.
I met a novelist and a poet.
I crossed the river by boat.
I have no small change on me.
I felt a little scared.
I want a little money.
I have some money.
I was mildly disappointed.
I have few books.
I think you should hold your horses a little.
I have some pens.
I'm not hungry at all.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I can't swim at all.
I don't care a rap.
I'm not in the least worried.
I'm not a bit tired.
I can speak English a little.
I was a little surprised.
I am a bit drunk.
I speak a little Japanese.
I had a little fever, I felt my heart beat violently.
Please tell her I'll come after I do some shopping.
I'm a little tired.
I'm a bit tired.
I have a few books.
I viewed the picture at a distance.
I gave him what little money I had with me.
I was not a little disappointed.
I was not a little annoyed.
I go to the library at least once a week.
I should finish my homework at least by Monday.
I became friends with at least Americans.
I read at least one book every month.
I heard the girl crying for help.
I learned to tap dance when I was a young girl.
I'm no quitter.
I forgave the boy for stealing the money from the safe.
I heard the boys singing.
I met a boy, who showed me the way to this hall.
I used to come to this beach when I was a boy.
I spoke to the boy, who seemed to be older than the girl.
When I was a boy, I often read a book in bed.
I caught sight of the boy.
I know some of the boys.
I felt the floor shake.
I polished up the floor and furniture.
Even after I went to bed, I was conscious of the voices in the parlor.
I spilled egg on the floor.
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
I intend to go to the barbershop.
I go to any party I am invited to.
I addressed the envelope containing the invitation.
I received an invitation.
I had to compete with him for promotion.
I'm anxious for a promotion.
I was born and brought up in Matsuyama.
The art of recognizing matsutake mushrooms became my passion, culminating in my writing a book on it.
I could not subdue the desire to laugh.
I could hardly resist laughing.
I laughed.
I cannot help laughing.
I tried not to laugh.
I could not but laugh.
I don't want to be laughed at.
I work for a stock company.
I am not in a position to testify.
I was in good spirits.
I'll discuss the matter with my boss.
I bow to the boss in greeting, and he returns my bow with a nod.
I briefed my boss on the new project.
I can swim well.
I know a girl who speaks English well.
I gave my coat a brush.
I put my coat on inside out.
I changed trains at Ueno Station.
I prefer walking to being carried in a vehicle.
I went aboard.
I experienced horse riding.
I am in no mood for joking.
I'm very fond of joking.
I like to go to a local jazz club where I can enjoy live music.
I always place a high value on knowledge.
I accept the proposal, but with some reservations.
I made it plain that the situation was unfavourable to us.
I like a garden tree.
I considered changing my job.
I live an hour away from work.
He placed the order over the phone after he got to his workplace.
I have to discharge my duty.
I make it a rule not to eat too much, for it is plain that overeating is bad for the health.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
I had hardly started to eat when I noticed that she was crying.
I should have starved to death for want of food.
I'm not very particular about food.
I'm washing the dishes.
I don't always brush my teeth after I eat.
I cleared the table.
Do I have to change my diet?
I am not one of those who go in for dieting.
I heard my name called in the cafeteria.
I collect every bit of information about food.
I have a good appetite.
I have a poor appetite.
I'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
I bit my lip.
I looked for a place in which to sleep.
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed.
I forgot to turn off the TV before going to bed.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I always brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I wrote five letters before I went to bed.
I make it a rule to read before going to bed.
I have three alarm clocks so as not to oversleep.
I overslept.
I overslept and was not able to catch the bus.
I bought lace curtains for my bedroom window.
I share a bedroom with my sister.
I overslept and consequently couldn't join them.
I slept late and I missed the first train.
I wish you happiness from the bottom of my heart.
I received a warm welcome.
I have a good idea in my mind.
I love this job from the bottom of my heart.
I enjoyed the music to my heart's content.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I felt my heart beat violently.
I think that Shintaro speaks English well.
I want a new oven.
I got a new camera.
I want to buy a new camera.
I'm getting along well with my new classmates.
I would like to buy a new coat at that department store.
I want to buy a new computer.
I want a new tennis racket.
I bought a new television.
I bought a new bag.
I bought a new sewing machine.
I'm pleased with my new underwear.
I am pleased with my new house.
I am very pleased with my new house.
I built a new house.
I can easily get lost in a new environment.
I am slow to adapt myself to new circumstances.
I need to buy new spectacle frames.
He is pleased with his new shoes.
I got a pair of new shoes.
I argued with him about the new plan.
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.
I have a mind to buy a new car.
I left my new pair of gloves in the library.
I am very much pleased with my new maid.
I am engaged in a new business.
I'm pleased with my new jacket.
I'm pleased with my new bathing suit.
I must buy a new winter coat.
I bought a new suit of clothes.
I had a new suit made.
I have lost my new fountain pen.
I have not spoken to our new neighbors; I simply know them by sight.
I am really pleased with my new car.
I can't afford a new car.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
I am going to buy a new car.
I bought a new car.
I got into a taxi outside Shinjuku Station.
I am a new student.
I've got a new word processor.
I read about the accident in the newspaper.
I read about him in the newspaper.
I read about his death in the paper.
I advertised my house in the newspaper.
I put an advertisement for the new publications in the newspaper.
I've advertised my house in the newspaper.
I subscribe to two newspapers.
I threw down the newspaper.
I didn't know about it until I read the paper.
I tore the paper into pieces.
I lost my way in the woods.
I caught sight of the rabbit in the middle of the forest.
I like taking a walk in the forest.
I lost my way in the forest.
I lean toward accepting the proposal.
I was watching the red sun sinking in the west.
I told it to my mother first and foremost.
I wanted to meet a really mature woman.
I found out the truth.
I believe it right to tell the truth.
I know the truth.
I heard a strange sound in the dead of night.
I do not believe in the existence of God.
I believe in God.
I went to Kobe, where I first met her.
I'd like to live in the suburbs of Kobe.
I'm economically independent of my parents.
I have been deceived by the man who I thought was my best friend.
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
I saw a stranger standing at the door.
I love Korean food because of the hot spices.
I don't care too much for hot food.
I am at the end of my patience.
I'm against people driving big cars.
I caught sight of an old acquaintance in the middle of the crowd.
I can recognize him even in a crowd.
I caught sight of an old friend of mine in the crowd.
I all but lost you in the crowd.
I was lost in the crowd.
I lost him among the crowd.
I am not a woman with strange humors.
I attach little importance to a person's appearance.
I was insulted in front of other people.
I am not very good at sizing people up quickly.
I think it possible for man to live on the moon.
I like him personally, but don't respect him as a doctor.
I don't agree with violation of human rights.
I felt thoroughly lost in the crowded Ginza.
I glimpsed the girl among the crowd.
I lost sight of her in the crowd.
I thrust my way through the crowd.
I made my way through the crowd.
I caught a glimpse of him in the crowd.
I don't agree with segregation of people by race.
I want to better understand what the meaning of life is.
I want to devote my life to education.
I'm not used to making speeches in public.
I was made to sing in public.
I can't stand being laughed at in public.
I am not accustomed to making a speech in public.
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.
I dislike speaking in public.
I'm not used to speaking in public.
I make a point of judging a man by his personality.
I borrowed the book from the library, but I haven't read much of it yet.
I went to the library, but I'm afraid it was closed.
I have read every book in the library.
I told the librarian that I needed the book for a report due on Friday; so she said she would call it in.
On my way to the library I met my friend.
I have been to the library.
Detective stories hold a special attraction for me.
I like reading mysteries.
I baptize with water.
I am poor at swimming.
I like swimming.
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.
I am very tired from swimming.
I thought I was a fairly good swimmer.
I like skiing much better than swimming.
I will enter the swim meet.
I belong to the swimming club.
I'm a member of the swimming club.
I like the picture painted in water colors.
I'm all thumbs in the kitchen.
I took up squash only a few months ago.
I met him several times.
I like math least of all.
I am weak in math.
I like maths.
I don't like math, much less physics.
I am weak in mathematics.
I study math very well.
I found it very difficult to come up to him in mathematics.
I am inferior to him in mathematics.
I am satisfied with the result of my math test.
I am out of my element in math.
I'm not good at math, so I can't solve this question.
I like mathematics, chemistry and the like.
I like English better than I like mathematics.
I study math harder than English.
I study math harder than you do.
I didn't study math at all.
I study math as hard as English.
I don't study math as hard as English.
I want to study math.
I need to study math.
I have lived a life of a puppet of fortune.
I'm taking a couple of days off.
I hope to get away from Tokyo for a few days.
I'll be visiting Japan again in a few years.
I began playing golf years ago.
I had forgotten that I had met her several years ago.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
I want to fly more than anything else in the world.
I am interested in old cities in the world.
I'd like to travel around the world.
I travel to all parts of the globe.
I want to travel all over the world.
I am eager to be present at the party.
I want to execute the plan by all means.
I thought that I should succeed.
I intended to succeed.
I intended to have succeeded.
I intended to succeed, but I could not.
There is little hope of my success.
I am sure of succeeding.
I made efforts to improve my grades.
I long for the day when I can meet him at Narita Airport.
I'm not concerned with politics.
I have a keen interest in politics.
I abhor politics.
I don't agree with the government's policy on education.
I will do whatever I think is right.
I'm not sure of the exact date.
I have lunch at noon.
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.
I'm an honest person.
I think that honesty is the best policy.
I am going to take a big chance by migrating to South America.
I don't want to eat a live lobster.
I'll never see him again as long as I live.
I've never seen a live whale.
I'll support you as long as I live.
I'll work as long as I live.
I am an optimist by nature.
I have never drawn anything in my life.
I have lived on this block, and next to the same neighbor, all my life.
I visited Rome for the first time in my life.
I took an airplane for the first time in my life.
I am natural born master.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
I'll live on welfare.
I asked him many questions about ecology.
I inspired my students to work harder.
I'm not a student.
I saw the students cleaning their classroom after school.
I was in danger of losing my life.
I have life insurance.
I love the taste of watermelon.
By God, I never tell a lie.
I like blue best of all colors.
I remember reading the book three times when I was young.
I was enjoying the serenity.
I am from Shizuoka.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I paid $in taxes.
I walked through the cars of the train to find a seat.
I don't care what you were.
I am free of past guilt.
I'm not what I used to be.
I'm not as healthy as I used to be.
I tripped on a stone, twisting my ankle.
I tripped over a stone and fell to the ground.
I work for an oil company.
I bought a red sports car.
I like red roses.
I like white roses better than red ones.
I saw a house whose roof was red.
I wanted red shoes.
I saw a red car and a white one; the red one was nicer looking than the other.
I have a new red car.
I walked on tiptoes so as not to wake the baby.
I cannot help smiling at babies.
I like white wine better than red.
I told my baby that she was very wonderful.
I had the porter carry my suitcase.
I have no knife to cut with.
I have a large collection of stamps.
I need to get a stamp.
I've just been to the post office to buy some stamps.
I've lost my ticket.
I had no money to buy the ticket.
I don't care if it snows.
I build snowmen and snow huts.
I am constantly forgetting people's names.
I am the last to believe such a thing.
There's no way we're going to do that.
I wouldn't ever want to cross him.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I visited Matsushima.
I will go on ahead.
I had my driver's license renewed last month.
I went to Los Angeles on vacation last month.
I changed my address last month.
I haven't seen her since last month.
I was in London last month.
I worked hard last month.
I didn't go to school last month.
I bought a new computer last month.
I caught a cold last month.
I saw my old classmate last week. She's as boring as ever.
I stayed with my uncle last week.
I lost my way here last week.
I forgot that the daylight saving time ended last week.
I had intended to visit the temple last week.
I saw her a week ago today.
I have been ill in bed since last Friday.
I met him this day last week, that is, the 25th of June.
I went to the park last Saturday.
My boss made me work last Sunday.
I caught a bad cold last week.
I had a tooth pulled out last week.
I saw grandfather last week.
I took a trip to Nikko last week.
I saw him last week.
I paid him the money last week.
I saw her last week.
I wasn't busy last week.
I carefully took down everything that my teacher said.
I am a teacher.
I am not a teacher.
I tried to keep my teacher at a distance.
I prefer to be looked upon as a teacher.
I hid myself for fear of being scolded by my teacher.
I regret having said such a thing to my teacher.
I'd like to be a teacher.
I wanted the teacher to write a letter in English.
I had my teacher correct my English composition.
I had my mistakes pointed out by my teacher.
I was scolded by my teacher.
I handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
I caught on to what the teacher was explaining.
I respect my teacher very much.
I went ahead on the road.
I bought a dictionary the other day.
I saw your brother the other day.
I met Jane the other day.
I made a great find in the store the other day.
I met an old friend by chance at that party the other day.
I ran across an old friend of mine at party the other day.
I went to the park to play baseball the other day.
I pay the money in advance.
If I had not had a previous engagement, I could have come to the party.
I have no more than one thousand yen.
I was robbed of no more than 1,yen.
I am a citizen of Chiba, but work in Tokyo.
I like astrology.
I was swimming in the river.
I enjoyed swimming in the river.
I like to fish in the river.
I walked along the river.
I dived into the river.
I went fishing in the river.
I have never believed in wars.
I saw the ship sink in the sea.
I was told to go not by boat but by plane, which advice I followed.
I am a bad sailor.
I am a poor sailor, so I don't like to travel by boat.
I slept aboard the ship.
I went on deck from my cabin.
I'm a good sailor.
I had to trust the captain with my life.
I'm as strong as before.
I have already visited America.
I lost the watch I had bought the day before.
I will let you know in advance.
I know better than to climb mountains in winter without making all necessary preparations beforehand.
I met him the day before.
I intend to follow my predecessor's policy.
I am wholly in agreement with you.
I cannot do without any money.
I met him quite unexpectedly.
I didn't study at all.
I can't think of everything.
I like tennis the best of all sports.
I like English the best of all the subjects.
I am the tallest of all the boys.
I like cats best of all animals.
I love all berries, but especially strawberries.
I require absolute loyalty of my employees.
I spent all my energy on that project.
I consumed my whole energy.
I am left with all the responsibility.
Locking all the doors, I went to bed.
I don't wholly agree with you.
I was able to answer all the questions.
I tried my best, only to fail again.
I was born in the year that Grandfather died.
I was named Robert by my grandfather.
I am well loved by my grandmother.
I love my grandmother very much.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
I don't remember my grandmother's face accurately.
I would prefer any alternative to a lawsuit.
I didn't want to get up early.
I got up early, so that I could catch the first train.
I got up early.
I do not get up early.
I had to get up early.
I make it a rule to get up early.
I went to bed early, for I was tired.
I want my mother to get well soon.
I'm not used to getting up early.
I have to form the habit of getting up early.
I believe in early rising.
I practice early rising.
I was too hasty in concluding that he was lying.
I tried to avoid conflict.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
I gazed out of the window at the landscape.
I looked out the window.
I like sitting by the window.
I was seen to break the window.
Not only did I forget to close the window, but I also forgot to sweep.
I laid myself on the grass.
I ran and ran; otherwise I might have been late.
I run.
I do run.
I'm able to run.
I like to run.
I'm as bad at swimming as I am at running.
I like to do a few exercises to loosen up before I run.
I'm used to the noise.
I could not make myself heard on account of the noise.
I couldn't make myself heard in the noisy class.
I read the most interesting book in my library.
I read a most interesting book in my library.
I don't like artificial flowers.
I'm not good at speaking off the cuff.
I held my breath and waited.
I ran into the classroom out of breath.
I ran out of breath.
I caught my son stealing from a cookie jar.
I am very happy about my son's success in his recital.
I am ashamed of my son's laziness.
I object to my son studying abroad.
I paid my son dollars to wash my car.
I made my son see the doctor.
I got my son to post the letters.
I got my son to repair the door.
I am disappointed in my son.
I'll get my son to make the plan.
I got my room cleaned by my son.
I had my son water the lawn.
I made his son a new suit.
I made my son a new suit.
I am looked after by my son.
I got my son to cook supper.
I have given to my son whatever he wants.
I'll buy a watch for my son.
I'm responsible for what my son has done.
I have been anxious about my son's safety.
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.
I put out a lot of money for my son's education.
I am convinced that my son is innocent.
I'm proud of my son.
I put my son through college.
I am going to send my son to college.
I lost my son about a decade ago.
I have made a foothold.
I like addition but not subtraction.
I am a good walker.
I badly injured myself in the leg, too.
I burnt myself on the leg.
I broke my leg.
I want to go straight.
I have sore feet.
I can swim fast.
I have a dog which can run fast.
I tried to run fast.
I have decided to learn shorthand.
I went on to read the book.
I will study abroad when I have finished school.
It was not until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
I don't have enough credits to graduate.
I paid for the damage.
I worked hard to compensate for the loss.
I had to make up for the loss.
I must get over a loss, and my illness as well.
I took leave of the villagers and made for my next destination.
I can't do anything else.
I love him more than any of the other boys.
I love him more deeply than any other man.
I am indifferent to others' opinions.
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I, in company with most other people, support that new law.
I can't imagine life on another planet.
I found it difficult to be kind to others.
I can't stand being laughed at in front of others.
I have no more than ten English books.
I have gone through many hardships.
I have read many modern authors.
I was confronted with many difficulties.
He told us he had gone through many hardships.
I grow many kinds of roses.
I was put to shame in the presence of many people.
I was hurt by many people.
I came to know many university students.
I am kind of interested in foreign films.
I invited scores of people to my birthday party.
I will most likely choose him as our president.
I enjoyed the voyage across the Pacific.
I was looking at the sun setting in the sea in the west.
I have known Taro for ten years.
Compromise is abhorrent to me.
I stood my ground and got the contract I wanted.
I was frozen to the bone.
I am not well at all.
I'm healthy.
I washed myself.
I got a glimpse of the wrestler as he hurriedly left the gymnasium.
I weigh kilos, give or take a few kilos.
I haven't lost any weight.
I have gained weight.
I have to alter my clothes because I've lost weight.
I want to lose weight.
I have started skipping lunch with a view to losing weight.
I am in poor state of health.
My physical power has decayed.
I waited and waited.
I waited and waited and at last John arrived.
I don't mind waiting.
The longer I waited, the more impatient I became.
I am ashamed of having been lazy.
I put the bag on or beside the chair.
I'm looking for a room for rent.
I considered leaving school, but thought better of it.
I am no match for boredom.
I gave notice at work yesterday.
I bought an eight-acre farm for my retirement.
I have a good mind to study abroad.
I have a big black dog.
I want to grow up to be a great scientist.
I've detected a big mistake.
I do not like a big desk lamp.
I don't like visiting big cities.
I cook soup in a big pot.
I saw the treasures of the British Museum.
I have a large family to provide for.
I have to support a large family.
I'm majoring in American history at university.
I majored in American literature at college.
I majored in European history at university.
I majored in chemistry at the university.
I'm studying economics at university.
I want to go to college.
I want to be independent of my parents when I enter college.
I have been to Australia once when I was in college.
The question whether I should quit college or not bothered me.
I represented my university at the conference.
I'm planning to go to graduate school.
I am satisfied with my life in college to a certain extent.
I'm a poor carpenter.
I was born in Osaka.
I was born in Osaka, but brought up in Tokyo.
I have an open ticket to Osaka.
I have a round-trip ticket to Osaka.
I have a return ticket to Osaka.
I am going to Osaka station.
I stay in Osaka.
I was born in Osaka, but was brought up in Tokyo.
I stayed in bed one more day just to be on the safe side.
It's all right with me.
I spoke to the minister himself.
I intended to buy a car when I come of age.
I saw many people starving to death on TV.
I called for help.
I almost laughed out loud.
I called his name loudly, but he didn't even look back.
I used to shout but you couldn't hear me sometimes.
I was charged with an important task.
I walked along the main street.
I usually get up early in the morning.
I like to put an ice cube into my coffee, because it's usually too hot.
I live in a big city.
I don't like the polluted atmosphere of big cities.
I gave up running for president.
I feel very sick. I want to throw up.
I was quite at a loss for words.
I am writing a thesis about international disputes after World War II.
I took a book from the shelf.
I liked the room overlooking the valley.
I was looking downward to the bottom of the valley.
I saw somebody steal the merchandise.
I heard someone knock on the door.
I looked for someone to take her place.
I heard someone scream.
I heard someone come into the room.
I don't know who made the cake.
I know who lives in this house.
I don't know who wrote this letter.
I know who is pulling the strings.
I know who likes Sachiko.
I don't believe just anyone.
Who am I?
I have no intention of lending this watch to anyone, much less parting with it.
I don't know who to ask for advice.
No one shall dictate to me.
I am anxious that nobody should be hurt.
I made sure that no one was watching.
I have never killed nor injured anybody.
I have to learn many words and phrases by heart.
I am tired of my monotonous life.
I'm tired of the monotonous life.
I found the key for which I had been looking.
I like short hair.
I like short poems.
I have been busy writing a short story.
I received my birthday present.
I received a sweater from her on my birthday.
I refused absolutely.
I'm a Windows person.
I saw the figure of a man.
I like boys to be lively.
I was delighted with the news.
You can search me!
I don't know it. Nor does he.
I feel quite at ease among strangers.
He replied that he did not know.
I ran for the governor.
I'm on a par with him in mental faculties.
I am ready to give up my position.
I go to school by subway.
I'm worried about the global warming trend.
I believe that an alien intelligence is watching the Earth.
I am the happiest man on earth.
I'm afraid of earthquakes.
I like the Mediterranean Sea best.
I felt the earth shake.
I like geography and history.
I prefer history to geography.
I am too ashamed to do it.
I blushed with shame.
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
I would rather die than live in disgrace.
I saw a spider walking on the ceiling.
I stayed up till late at night.
I am accustomed to staying up late.
I apologized profusely for my being late.
I hurried to make up for the lost time.
I must study hard to make up for lost time.
I was admonished against being late.
I'm late, aren't I?
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
I'm not interested in the tea ceremony or flower arranging.
I arrived too late and missed the train.
I went home in order to change my clothes.
I couldn't get in.
I let in the cat.
I was a member of the soccer club when I was in junior high.
I'm not a junior high school student.
I can't afford to buy a used car, much less a new car.
I came to Japan from China.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
I marveled at seeing the Chinese people burning coal.
I specialize in medieval history.
I visited her with a view to giving a piece of advice.
I've been toiling away in the kitchen all afternoon.
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
I finished writing the letter by noon.
I slept until noon, and then studied for the rest of the day.
I think of her day and night.
I ate some bread and a boiled egg for lunch.
I was invited to lunch.
I forgot my lunch and bought a sandwich at school.
I'm a careful man.
I stepped on the accelerator carefully.
I gave my carefully prepared speech.
I wrote the answers carefully.
I looked at his face carefully.
I was calm until I saw the syringe!
I canvassed the whole town for orders.
I must get a bad tooth pulled out.
I got my decayed tooth pulled out.
I've run out of my savings.
I was just going to write a letter.
The little girl made a polite bow to me.
I like lots of butter on my toast in the morning.
I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
I get up at six in the morning.
I take a walk at six in the morning.
I don't shampoo my hair in the morning.
I like to spread honey on my toast in the morning.
I began to stir about 4:in the morning, but I didn't get up until 6:00.
I used to take a walk in the morning.
I make it a rule to take a walk for an hour in the morning.
I don't like cheese for breakfast, nor does my wife.
I bought a loaf of bread for breakfast.
I must get breakfast ready.
I showered before breakfast.
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.
I took neither breakfast nor lunch.
I haven't eaten since breakfast and I'm very hungry.
I make it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
I used to take a walk before breakfast.
I make it a rule to do some exercise before breakfast.
I am in the habit of going for a walk before breakfast.
I make it a rule to jog early in the morning.
I went outside early in the morning.
I got up early in the morning.
I make it a rule to get up early in the morning.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
I have a habit of getting up early.
I make it a rule to take a walk early in the morning.
I went for a walk early in the morning.
I started early in the morning, arriving there late at night.
I wake up early.
I live in a town, but my parents live in the country.
I have an errand to do in town.
I am familiar with this part of town.
I was walking in the direction of the town.
I have loved her for a long time.
I know that German with a long beard.
I haven't smoked for ages.
I have wanted to be a painter for a long time.
I waited for her for a long time.
I have not seen you for ages.
I have lived here for a long time.
I have struggled under extreme difficulties for a long time.
I was made to wait for a long time.
I don't like to be kept waiting for a long time.
I have had to be in the hospital for a long time.
I haven't got in touch with him for a long time.
I haven't heard from her for a long time.
I was kept waiting for a long time at the hospital.
I cannot afford a long vacation.
I am tired from a long walk.
I talked a long time, and I managed to make her believe me.
I don't like long drives.
I'm not accustomed to walking long distances.
I went with them so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
I cannot look on anybody as a national hero with the exception of Shigeo Nagashima.
I've spent so many years as chairman that I feel it's time I stepped down.
I met them during my descent from the peak.
When I reached the summit, I was thoroughly worn out.
I saw a bird fly across the sky.
I am not a bird, but I'd like to be.
I listened to the music of birds.
We started at once, otherwise we would have missed him.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with them.
I met Fred on the street.
I met her on the street by accident.
I ran across an old friend in the street.
I heard someone on the street calling me.
I heard my name called by someone on the street.
I met his father on the street.
I met her on the street.
I saw an old man fall on his back in the street.
I walked along the street.
I got sick of the constant noise of the street traffic.
I walked about the street.
I was seen to cross the street.
I walked back and forth on the street.
I walked the length of the street.
I walked across the street.
I enquired of a passer-by which road to take.
I can dance on my toes.
I was tried in a kangaroo court.
I like to fish; it's a very relaxing way to spend the day.
I find much enjoyment in fishing.
I intended to have gone fishing.
I suggested that we go fishing.
I am very interested in fishing.
I cast my fishing line into the sea.
I put a bait on a hook.
I got there ahead of time.
I have three years left until retirement.
I have two passes to the Imperial Theater.
I rid the garden of the weeds.
I raise a variety of roses in the garden.
I work hard in the garden.
I planted roses in the garden.
I breathed the smell of the flowers in the garden.
I am looking for an effective method to get rid of all the weeds in my yard.
I helped my brother move his desk.
I don't like my brother climbing the mountains.
I recall the day when the younger brother was born.
I know better than to quarrel with my brother.
I am on good terms with my brother.
I had my brother put this room in order.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
I had my brother clean the room.
I promised to help my brother with his homework.
I am not so tall as my brother, but taller than my father.
I made my brother go to the station.
I am quite agreeable to the proposal.
I tore my jacket on a nail.
I arrested many thieves at the same time.
I met with a cool, not to say hostile, reception.
I cast about for a suitable reply.
I give myself to the study of philosophy.
I have supported you throughout.
I stayed up all night.
I'm used to working all night.
I'm sitting in the railway station.
I can't reach the ceiling.
I will go regardless of the weather.
I was an angel of an actress.
I am immune to smallpox.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I had my watch repaired at the store.
I picked out a new hat at the store.
I met Tom in front of the store.
I looked around the store but couldn't find what I had in mind.
I looked around the inside of the store.
I must have tried on everything in the shop, but nothing looked right on me.
I am going to the store now.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
I live in a flat above a shop.
I was brought up in the country.
I went for a drive in the country.
I want to live in rural areas.
I don't like living in the country.
Rural life appeals to me very much.
I keep in touch with my parents in my hometown by phone.
We came by a tiny village on our way to the country.
I like to walk in the country.
I was late as a result of the train delay.
I got on the train.
I was late for the train.
I want a book to read in the train.
I may have left them behind in the train.
I've had my pocket calculator stolen.
It was not until the telephone rang that I woke up.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
I spoke to him by telephone.
I talked on the telephone.
I also did not call.
I catch the telephone.
I hung up and called her back again.
I looked up his telephone number in a telephone directory.
I met her along the way to school.
I am interested in mountain climbing.
I went the whole way with my teacher.
I met Tom on the way.
I was caught in a shower on the way.
I lost sight of him on the way.
I met her along the way.
I'm at my wits' end.
I really like city life.
I will not be able to fit in with the city life.
I'm not accustomed to the city noises.
I prefer living in the country to living in the city.
I'd like to leave the city and rediscover nature.
I hold a lot of land.
I've been here since Saturday.
I will be playing a tennis match on Saturday with my boyfriend Cyril.
As I will not be a slave, so I will not be a master.
I am not angry, far from it.
I couldn't control my anger.
I couldn't keep my anger down.
I like winter.
I always catch a cold in the winter.
I cannot dispense with a coat in winter.
I often catch cold in winter.
I like summer better than winter.
I slipped and fell on the icy sidewalk.
I am at home with the geography of Higashikakogawa.
I took an airplane from Tokyo to Kyushu.
I met him in Tokyo by chance.
I was born and brought up in Tokyo.
I have been to Tokyo only once.
I always drop in at her house when I go to Tokyo.
I have a few friends in Tokyo.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I came to Tokyo.
I took a trip to Tokyo.
I prefer walking to driving in a big city like Tokyo.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.
I live at Akasaka in Tokyo.
I stopped off at Osaka on my way to Tokyo.
I have a return ticket to Tokyo.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
I'm from Tokyo.
I go to Tokyo University.
I would rather starve to death than steal.
I have a deposit of a thousand dollars here.
I kept body and soul together at that time.
I took it for granted that you were aware of the danger.
I take for granted that my answer is correct.
I take it for granted that people are honest.
I took his attendance for granted.
I assumed that she was there.
I took it for granted that she had received my letter.
I took it for granted that she would come.
I am becoming accustomed to the severe climate here bit by bit.
I shall stay here for the time being.
I have to be absent from school for the moment.
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.
For the time being, I intend to stay at a hotel.
I racked my brains for an answer.
I arrived too late to hear his speech.
I took his part in the discussion.
I tried to escape.
I felt like running away.
I am clever, sensitive and imaginative.
I can't help taking painkillers when I have a headache.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
I felt a touch of pain in my head.
I shook my head a few times.
I've been down with a headache.
I cannot stand headaches.
I like to work.
I prefer relaxing to working.
I can't stand to see animals be teased.
I don't like to see animals cruelly treated.
I bought a book about animals.
I am reading a book about animals.
I experimented on animals.
I had never seen a giraffe till I visited the zoo.
I went to the zoo.
I acted to protect myself from a similar destiny.
I got tired of hearing the same thing so often.
I am the same age.
I nodded to show that I agreed.
I would like to travel abroad in company with my colleague.
I love Hitomi.
I found a dollar in the street.
I happened across an old friend in the street.
I got lost, and to make matter worse, it began to rain.
I lost my way and, what was worse, it began to rain.
I got lost and had a hard time finding my way back to the hotel.
Am I on the wrong road?
I found it impossible to cross the road.
I don't want to go there in particular.
I like this scene in particular.
I don't have anything particular to say.
I have nothing special to say.
I don't want to go anywhere in particular.
I like the Terminator films because the special effects are fantastic.
I work in a special unit.
I had a special ticket.
I feel good in a special way.
I walked alone.
I come here every Fourth of July.
I am going to work out the problem by myself.
I have lost my place.
He can neither read nor write.
I want many books to read.
I want a book to read.
I put aside the book I was reading.
I love reading books.
I am happiest when I am reading.
I am tired of reading.
I was concentrating on reading.
I tried to focus my attention on reading.
I have no leisure for reading.
I have no time to read.
I was surprised at the sudden thunder.
I felt a sharp pain in my stomach all of a sudden.
I didn't know what to do because I was suddenly spoken to by a foreigner.
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.
I love Nara, particularly in the fall.
I am going to see the sights of Nara.
I've visited Nara.
My guess is that there will be a resignation of the cabinet.
I paid 1,yen on account.
I went there in private.
I told you that in confidence, so why did you tell Jane about it?
I passed the examination with ease.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
I could solve the problem without any difficulty.
I had no difficulty in persuading my father to let me study abroad.
I left out two sentences.
I have two books.
I have been here for two hours.
I waited more than two hours.
I expect to be back by the 20th.
I was born years ago.
I will never do it again.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I bought a camera two days ago.
I returned home after an absence of two years.
I missed the train by two minutes.
I like meat, cheese and tomato sandwiches.
I like meat, but eggs do not agree with me.
I prefer fish to meat.
I like my meat well done.
I abstained from taking meat.
I've given up eating meat.
I'm not fit for physical labor.
I don't care for meat.
I'm getting better every day.
I'm standing in the shade.
I scribbled down his address in the back of my diary.
I'm paid by the day.
I don't want to get a suntan.
I hope that Japan will abide by its Constitution.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article of her Constitution.
I'm a free-lance writer in Japan.
Born in Japan, I make it a rule to have rice at dinner.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in Japan.
I had been studying music in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I had been staying in Boston before I came back to Japan.
When I came to Japan, I burned my bridges.
I live in Japan.
I returned to Japan.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I don't know anything about Japan.
I want a book telling about Japanese customs.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
I like Japanese food and customs, so it follows that I like living in Japan.
I'm ashamed of Japanese politics.
I would rather have been born in Japan.
I like Japanese rice pillows; they are good for my neck.
I am interested in Japanese history.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I have a deep love for Japan.
I am leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
I was traveling in Japan.
I'm studying the Japanese drama.
I have to complete a paper on the Japanese economy.
I speak Japanese, English, and French.
I cannot speak Japanese.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
It is forty years since I began the study of Japanese.
I do not have to study Japanese.
I have to study Japanese.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
I would like to read books on Japanese history.
I study Japanese history.
I like Japanese food.
I am Japanese, but you are an American.
I speak of the Japanese in general.
I was impressed by the general knowledge of Japanese students.
I like Japanese dishes.
I usually went to the movies on Sunday.
I used to play tennis with him on Sunday.
I visited her on Sunday morning.
I cannot dispense with this book till Sunday.
I am not always free on Sundays.
I clean up my room every Sunday.
I am always at home on Sundays.
I'm not always at home on Sundays.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I am in the habit of going for a drive on Sundays.
I'm never at home on Sundays.
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.
I often go downtown on Sunday.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
I go to church on Sundays.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I go to church on Sunday.
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.
I was made to cry for help.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
I went up to the door.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
I go to see my friend in hospital every other day.
I must visit my friend in the hospital.
I'm prepared for the entrance examination.
I am pregnant.
I went up to my bedroom on tiptoe.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I do not like cats and my brother does not either.
I seized the cat by the neck.
I like dogs more than cats.
I let the cat out of the house.
I do not have a cat.
I keep thirteen cats.
I let the cat into my room.
I burned my fingers on a hot iron.
I rode in a hot air balloon.
I get a physical examination once a year.
I visit the city yearly.
I go to my father's place twice a year.
I may be too old.
Though I am old, you are still young.
I respect elderly people.
My heart is full of trouble.
I like dark red better.
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.
I prefer Noh to Kabuki, because the former looks more elegant to me than the latter.
I will do the work to the best of my ability.
I will do my duty to the best of my ability.
I bought some fresh eggs which had just come from the farm.
I worked on a farm.
I mortgaged my farm to him for ten million yen.
I am trying to sell my farm, but I haven't had any offers so far.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
I can ride a horse.
I am training a horse for the race.
I gave my horse its head.
I have a bad pain in my back.
I've got a bit of an ache in my back.
I don't like being asked to go shopping.
I'm only a customer.
I noticed the sale prices were written in red ink.
I entered the museum through the wrong gate. I should have been more careful.
I applied to be an attendant at the exposition.
I saw a white dog jump over the fence.
I saw something white flying in the sky, so that I came to believe in angels.
I like red wine better than white.
I prefer red wine to white.
I manage to live on a small income.
I came into a huge fortune.
I fastened the box tight with a rope so that it wouldn't break up.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I carried the box on my shoulder.
I put a piece of paper around the box and tied it up with a ribbon.
I don't have a box.
I met him outside the greengrocer's.
I am engrossed in sailing.
I was suspected to be the criminal.
I'm a salesperson.
I have to set up a budget for sales promotion.
I must have the wrong number.
I have no tolerance of cowards.
I saw him coming upstairs.
I am sure of his living to be ninety years old.
I love you better than he.
I don't like him much, in fact I hate him.
I've often seen him bullied.
I said he might go.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
I don't know when he will come.
I was not aware of his presence.
I suspected that he was telling a lie, but that didn't surprise me.
I envy him.
I know that he will be introduced to a lady by his uncle today.
I saw him scolded by his father.
I saw him scolded by his mother.
I am sure of his passing the examination.
I'm sure of his success.
I will ask him where he went last Sunday.
I object to his making private calls on this phone.
I heard him sing at the concert.
I owe him a debt of gratitude for what he did.
I thanked him for what he had done.
I know he likes jazz music.
I saw him jump.
I expect him to come soon.
I demanded that he pay the bill immediately.
I recollect his saying so.
I don't know the reason why he went there.
I often heard him playing the melody on the trumpet.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
I saw him tear up the letter.
I know he hardly prepared for it.
I was ignorant that he was present.
I'm surprised that he accepted the offer.
I thought it impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think it's impossible for him to solve the problem.
I think he did it.
I know that it was done by him.
I think he has done it.
I don't know if he knows it.
I thought him a poor dancer.
I can not help laughing to see him dance.
I was glad to see that he finally came to his senses.
I am sure of his winning the tennis match.
I don't know what has happened to him.
I know where he lives. But it is a secret.
I cannot say for sure where he lives.
I know where he lives.
I know where he comes from.
I like him very much.
I think he is a very kind man.
I am very anxious to know why he did such a thing.
I don't care what he says.
I heard him play the piano once.
I heard him mumble to himself.
I am not angry with him because he made a mistake.
I ascertained that he was still alive.
I thought he would come soon.
I found him to be a good workman.
I got the money back from him.
He told me about the accident.
I learned a lot from him.
I hear from him once a month.
I don't have contact recently from him.
I was laughed at by him.
I got the information from him directly.
I learned much about astronomy from him.
I owe him yen.
I am looking forward to hearing from him.
I was made to drink by him.
I got a useful piece of information out of him.
I know that he went to London.
I thought that he was a doctor.
I don't know if he is a doctor.
I saw him walking alone in the park.
I suspected he was a liar.
I think it a pity that he told a lie.
I strongly suspected that he had been lying.
I saw him swim across the river.
I have never heard him speak English.
I didn't know that he could speak English.
I couldn't figure out what he was talking about.
I am convinced that he did nothing wrong.
I couldn't make out what he wanted to say.
It was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
I couldn't figure out what he meant.
I don't know for certain who he is.
I saw him enter the house.
I caught him stealing pears in the orchard.
I was not aware of his absence from the meeting.
I don't know why he quit the company.
I convinced him that he was wrong.
I helped him carry his desk.
I worry about him.
I don't care for him.
I don't know the reason why he was absent.
I had a suspicion that he would leave me.
I was not conscious of his presence.
I took it for granted that he would win the race.
I had a fancy that I could see him approaching.
I think it strange that he didn't speak to you.
I'm surprised to hear that he is in prison.
I found that he was turned over to the police.
I saw him caught by the police.
I know the real reason for his absence.
I soon noticed his absence.
I affirmed that he was innocent.
I think him in good health.
I do not care for him.
I think he is the greatest artist of the time.
I believed every word he said.
I don't like what he said.
I can't make out what he was saying.
I couldn't make out what he was saying.
I found him riding a bicycle in the park.
I came to like him.
I can't understand what he is thinking about.
I wish to spare him the trouble of going there.
I will stop him from going.
I remember the year when he got a job.
I observed him stop.
I was afraid he might die.
I can't understand what he wants me to do.
I suggested that he follow my advice.
I noticed he was wearing my slippers.
I caught him speaking ill of me.
I don't like him coming to my house so often.
I am convinced of the truth that he was in love with my sister.
I expect him to take care of my younger brother.
I requested him to keep me informed.
I looked to see if he was teasing me.
I was banking on him to help me.
I am sure of his passing the exam.
I expect he'll pass the examination.
I thought he was going to fail the exam, but he passed after all.
I caught him stealing the camera.
I don't like the house in which he lives.
I saw him go out.
I didn't notice him go out.
I arrived on the night he left.
I have a letter written by him.
I expect him to help me.
I found that he was gazing at me at a distance.
It was not until I saw him laughing that I realized what a fool I had been.
I hope he will come up with a new and good idea.
I listened to him explain a new product.
I've never seen him really get down to work.
I found him kind.
I'm thinking he was a kind man.
I have never heard him speak ill of others.
I'll hire whoever he recommends.
I am sure that he will succeed.
I am sure of his success.
I think he will succeed.
I took it for granted that he would succeed.
I saw that he was right.
I don't think that he's right.
I think he is right.
I like him because he is honest.
I don't consider him honest.
I think that he is honest.
I know him to be honest.
I believe that he is honest.
I like him in that he is honest and candid.
I thought he was more clever than honest.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
I know the house where he was born.
I visited the village where he was born.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I have known him since he was a baby.
I don't know who he is.
I know who he is.
I asked who he was.
I was angry because he was late.
I don't know why he was late.
I watched him cross the street.
I saw him cross the street.
I helped him walk across the street.
I saw him crossing the street.
I take it for granted that he would come.
I saw him running away.
I saw him crossing the road.
I saw him cross the road.
I helped him to carry his baggage upstairs.
I met him while he was in Japan.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
I caught him trying to sneak out.
I heard of his involvement in crime.
I saw him pat her on the shoulder.
I am sure of his coming to the party.
I thought he was sick.
I caught him trying to go out of the room.
We caught him trying to go out of his room.
I saw him enter the room.
I noticed him sitting with his back against the wall.
I was very surprised to find him in disguise.
I am sure of his winning the speech contest.
I saw him walking with a book under his arm.
I thought that he was innocent.
I had just written the letter when he came back.
I saw him playing baseball.
I saw him play baseball.
I'm sure he'll be as good as his word.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I think it doubtful whether he will keep his word.
I am confident he will keep his promise.
I was convinced that he was guilty.
I know that he is a famous musician.
I didn't like him much; in fact I hated him.
I could not help laughing to see him dancing.
I am sure of his passing the coming entrance examination.
I expected him to come.
I thought he might come.
I am certain of his coming.
I thought he would come.
I'm sure he will come.
I expect him to come every moment.
I found him a bright boy.
I don't know whether he'll come by train or by car.
I have been associated with him for ten years.
I was meeting him at the station at six.
I am to meet him at six.
I made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock.
I found a good friend in him.
I would rather stay home than go out with him.
I didn't want to work with him, but I made the best of it.
I accompanied him on the trip.
I am to meet him there.
I argued with him about it.
I have to talk with him about the new plan.
I can't do with him and his insolent ways.
I could not bring myself to dance with him.
I had a tennis match with him.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
I have a nodding acquaintance with him.
I know him by sight, but I have never actually spoken to him.
I have done with him.
I am on visiting terms with him.
I got acquainted with him in France.
Seldom do I see him.
I share with him in the enterprise.
I would often play tennis with him.
I raced him a mile.
I never feel at home in his company.
I don't want to be seen in his company.
I go to school with him.
I play with him.
I had a chance to see him.
I used to go to school with him.
I had a race with him.
I ran a race with him.
I will associate with him in business.
I associate with him in business.
I went into partnership with him.
I worked hand in hand with him.
I went to church with him.
I never exchanged a word with him.
I agree to go with him.
I intended to go with him.
I work with him.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I cooperated with him in the task.
I made friends with him.
I have been honest with him.
I don't mind sharing the room with him.
I negotiated the price with him.
I am acquainted with him.
I struck up an acquaintance with him.
I have known him a long time.
I am on good terms with him. He always keeps his promises and is relied upon by everybody.
I am to have lunch with him.
I parted from him on the street.
I've got as much money as he has.
I am as old as he.
I wish I were as rich as he.
I love you as much as him.
I am as tall as he.
I have as many books as he.
I would rather remain single than live an unhappy life with him.
I don't enjoy his society.
I would like to talk to him face to face.
I talked with him far into the night.
I competed with him for the championship.
I have an appointment to dine with him.
I got in touch with him.
I want to get in touch with him.
I cannot get in touch with him.
I enjoyed talking with him.
On having a talk with him, I found him troubled but friendly.
I can't relax when I'm talking with him.
I can't get by without him.
I told him to work hard or he would fail.
I told him to work hard and he would succeed.
I asked him to come with me, for I was a stranger in that part of the city.
I tried to explain to him that we were not responsible for his mistake, but he refused to listen.
I asked him if he had got my letter.
I advised him to be independent of his parents.
I told him not to throw stones.
I congratulated him on the birth of his son.
I persuaded him that he was wrong.
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars.
I asked a favor of him.
I took him a cup of coffee.
I have written to him once a month for almost twenty years.
I offered him odds of to 1.
I paid five dollars to him.
I owe him no less than 50,yen.
I asked him to come at eight, but he turned up at nine.
I lent him a CD.
I suggested that he try to go to America.
I know that I should not tell him a lie.
I offered him some money, but he would not take it.
I had to lend to him money.
I left the money with him.
I asked him to lend me some money.
I am not so foolish as to lend him money.
I asked him to make tea.
I remember seeing him once.
I had him carry the baggage to your office.
I want him to play the guitar.
I asked him to wait here.
I asked him to be here by six.
I slipped the letter to him.
I borrowed this book from him.
I don't want him to touch me.
I had him take my suitcase to the room.
I made him carry the suitcase.
I'll get him to carry my suitcase upstairs.
I will make him do it at once.
I caught up with him soon.
I asked him if he would return soon.
I asked him to start at once.
I advised him to come back at once.
I found him a nice apartment.
I made him do so.
I wanted him to go there.
I want him to go there.
I told him the big news.
I warned him of the danger.
I admonished him of the danger.
I explained the rule to him.
I paid him the money.
I regret having said that to him.
I paid him on the spot for his work.
I thanked him for the nice present.
I want him to solve the problem.
I advised him to keep that promise.
I had him write it.
I promised him to keep it secret.
I couldn't make him understand it.
I asked him not to drive so fast.
I advised him to give up smoking.
I don't know anything about him at all.
He opened the door, though I told him not to.
I asked him to open the door, but he would not do so.
I asked him where he was going.
I asked him where I should park my car.
I remember that I met him somewhere.
I wrote him to ask why.
I bear him no malice.
I bought him a tie.
I am no match for him.
I couldn't put up with him.
I'll give him a pen.
I'll buy a pen for him.
I handed the mike to him.
I met him by pure chance.
I persuaded him that he should try again.
I am disgusted with him.
I remember seeing him somewhere before.
I told him not to go to the place alone.
I regret that I have never been kind to him.
I'm attracted to him.
I advised him not to drive.
I tried to get him to learn to drive.
I instructed him in English.
I met him at the station.
I warned him not to smoke.
I advised him against smoking.
I answered his blows with several of my own.
I am indebted to him.
I told him what to do.
I made him paint the house.
I had him carry my luggage to the platform.
I advised him not to grieve over the past.
I must go and see him.
I went there to meet him.
I can't forget the day when I met him.
It was only when I met him that I realized his true intention.
I hid myself so that I might not meet him.
I have tried to discourage him from going abroad.
I got him to paint the fence.
I was ashamed of showing my face to him.
I have to do right by him.
I advised him to give up smoking, but he would not listen to me.
I got him to stop smoking.
I have not seen him for a long time.
I told him what to see in Kyoto.
I presented him with a gold watch.
I trusted him with the money.
I gave him a gold watch.
I asked him to mend my shoes.
I will have him mend my shoes.
I got him to polish my shoes.
I made him change his plan.
I told him of our plans, but he seemed uninterested.
I gave him a warning, but he took no notice of it.
I gave him a warning, to which he paid no attention.
I liked him all the better for his faults.
I informed him of the result.
I admonished him against smoking for the sake of his health.
I've tried reasoning with him but he just won't listen.
I made him open the door.
I paid him five dollars.
I owe him 50,yen.
I must study hard in order to keep up with him.
I advise him to come back at once.
I told him that I would do my best.
I lent him a magazine.
I bought him a magazine.
I agree with him.
I found him a job.
I paid him four dollars.
I paid him the money due to him.
I asked him if I could read them.
I told him about our school.
I discouraged him from marrying me.
I got him to mend my shoes.
I tried to convince him of my innocence.
I would like him to stay with us.
I challenged him to a game.
It was demanded that I tell him the truth.
I gave him what money I had.
I had my watch mended by him.
I had him mend my watch.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
I could not persuade him of my honesty.
I was disappointed in you.
I regret having been rude to him.
I asked a question of him.
I asked him a question.
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
I asked him to drive me home.
I got him to repair my car.
I had him wash the car.
I suggested that to him.
I think it's better not to lend him a hand.
I had the letter written by him.
I have put off writing to him till today.
I put handcuffs on him.
I will get him to come and help me.
I gave him my address.
I had him do my homework.
I intend him to help me with my homework.
I besought him to help me.
I asked him if he would help me.
I asked him to help me.
I thanked him for helping me.
I appeal to him for his advice.
I gave him what little information I had.
I made him sweep the floor.
I was all the more angry because I was laughed at by him.
I furnished him with food.
I confided my troubles to him.
I had not a little difficulty in bringing the truth home to him.
I gave some books to him.
I congratulated him on his success.
I told him to be quiet.
I explained it to him, only to make him confused.
I explained it to him.
I don't want to see him at all.
I am in debt to him for 1,yen.
I remember meeting that man before.
I chose him a nice tie.
I claimed damages against him.
I bid against him.
I answered for him.
I gave him much trouble.
I gave him some advice.
I gave him advice, to which he paid no attention.
I turned to him for advice.
I wrote him a long letter, but he sent me no reply.
I haven't met him in person, but I know of him.
I met him on the street.
I forgot to give him the message.
I telephoned him the message.
I gave him a call.
I called him, but the line was busy.
I called him up and asked his schedule.
I gave him some good advice about buying land.
I could not help feeling sympathy with him.
I told him not to be late again.
I whispered to him to come in.
I congratulated him on passing the entrance exam.
I beat him on points.
I told him that he was wrong.
I told him, once for all, that I would not marry him.
I asked him about his new book.
I owe him $100.
I do not want him to be careless.
I told him to clear out of the room.
I gave my cold to him.
I was bound to answer him.
I will take my revenge on him.
I gave him a book.
I thanked him for lending me a book.
I gave him a few books.
I was trying to tell him what had really happened, but he cut me short.
I asked him what his name was.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
I called him a coward to his face.
I complained to him face to face.
I am not acquainted with him.
I waved him back.
I told him to keep his promise.
I asked him if he would go there the next day.
I told him to come.
I meet with him once every six months.
I could not speak to him.
I have read twice as many books as he has.
I have three times as many books as he.
I landed him a blow on the chin.
I can't forgive him for behaving like that.
I can't forget his kindness.
I held him by the collar.
I cannot help laughing at his odd manner.
I may as well stay alone as keep him company.
I saw his mother scold him.
I like him, but at the same time I don't really trust him.
I know him like a book.
I cannot help thinking about him.
I regard him as a man of character.
He doesn't believe me at all.
I can't forgive him for what he did.
I don't like the way he speaks.
I couldn't catch on to the joke he told us.
I was deeply impressed by his speech.
I was deeply affected by his speech.
I held his sleeve.
He has no friends besides me.
I will do anything for him.
I often visited his house.
I want to sing to his piano accompaniment.
I want to have his only daughter for my wife.
I interpreted what he said in French into Japanese.
I can't trust such a man as he.
I listened to some of his records.
I found myself listening to his records.
I'm looking over his report.
I went over his report, but couldn't find any mistakes.
I brushed by him while running.
I asked after him.
I went to the hospital to inquire after his health.
I did so at his request.
I can't agree with your opinion.
I don't make much of his opinion.
I cared little for his opinion.
It has dawned on me that I mistook his intention.
I envied him his good fortune.
I admire his skill at driving.
I was bored with his speech.
His speech made no sense to me.
I like his music.
I was impressed by his music.
His music made a deep impression on me.
I am familiar with his music.
I classify his music as rock.
Every time I go to his house, he is out.
I found his house easily.
I found his house with ease.
I called at his house but found that he was out.
I called at his house.
I remember calling at his house.
I know his family.
I view his error as insignificant.
I blamed him for his fault.
I forgave his mistake.
I'm pointing the finger at his mistake.
I mused on the meaning of his painting.
I didn't say anything to hurt his feelings.
Did I hurt his feelings?
I am sorry for his mistake.
I know him by sight, but not by name.
I was bewildered at the sight of his strange behavior.
I could not come up to his expectations.
I must live up to his expectations.
I struck on an idea that could change his mind.
I was afraid that I might hurt his feelings.
I lost the thread of his argument.
I grasped the entire structure of his argument.
I am not in the least afraid of his threats.
I praised him for his diligence.
I think his job resume is questionable.
I agree to his plan.
I have not the slightest interest in his plans.
I was ignorant of his plan.
I want to know the reason for his absence.
I don't approve of his decision.
I can bear witness to his innocence.
I was worried about his health.
I am very concerned about his health.
I could not make out what he meant.
I could hardly understand him.
I couldn't understand him; I couldn't follow his way of speaking.
I can understand him perfectly.
While he was talking, I guess I was absent-minded.
I believe what he says.
I felt encouraged to hear what he said.
I could make nothing of what he said.
I believe whatever he says.
I tried to listen to him carefully.
I did it the way he told me to.
I didn't catch what he said.
I could not understand anything he said.
I could not believe his statement.
I'm going to ascertain the truth of his statement.
I dissent from what he said.
I couldn't for the most part make out what he said.
I took him at his word.
I can hardly understand what he says.
I took note of what he was saying.
I can't figure out what he is saying.
I affected not to understand what he was saying.
I interpreted his remark as a threat.
I didn't for a moment believe them.
I was bored with his old jokes.
I followed him into his room.
I followed him.
I do not like the way he talks.
I consoled him with his favorite food.
I gave him a present in return for his favor.
I envy him his luck.
I sincerely hope for their happiness.
I believe that his action was in the right.
I don't have much belief in his abilities.
He succeeded to his estate.
I will inherit his estate.
I am pleased with his work.
I agreed to help him in his work.
I was at a loss how to answer his unexpected question.
I don't support his ideas.
I have a suspicion about his death.
I was discouraged to hear of his death.
I am indignant about the way he treated me.
My name was called after his name.
I dealt him a blow on the ear.
I was amazed at his abrupt resignation.
I was surprised to hear of his failure.
I couldn't put up with his rudeness.
I was embarrassed by his rudeness.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
I am familiar with the way he asks questions.
I'm familiar with the way he asks questions.
I anticipated his question.
I trust his executive ability.
I saw his car make a turn to the right.
I'm working on his car.
I demanded that they be allowed to leave.
I observed that his hands were unsteady.
I held fast to his hand.
I couldn't shake off his hand.
I do not want to reply to his letter.
I glanced at his letter.
I took him by the wrist.
I miss his lessons so much.
I have learned to draw by following his lessons.
I was bored with his endless sermon.
I took his name and address.
I know his address.
I know his address, but it's a secret.
I was able to find out his address.
I forgot his address.
I delayed telling him about his uncle's death as long as I could.
I helped him with his homework.
I heard news of his departure.
I repeated his exact statement.
I look to him for help.
I asked for his help.
I am sure of his victory.
I read not only his novels but also his poems.
I have read many of his novels in translation.
I think little of his novel.
I haven't read all of his novels.
I never read his novels without being deeply moved.
I haven't read his novel, and my brother hasn't either.
I accepted his invitation.
I dislike how he smiles.
I could not but laugh at his joke.
I don't like his taste in color.
I cannot help admiring his appetite.
I can't understand his psychology.
I didn't expect his behavior to descend to such a disagreeable level.
I was admiring his new car.
I fail to understand his true aim.
I would like to repay him for his kindness.
I relied on his kindness.
His kindness touched my heart.
I do not like the way he treats others.
I cannot forget his kindness.
I am not familiar with his character.
I had a glimpse into the negative side of his character.
I am envious of his success.
I am doubtful of his success.
I am anxious for his success.
When I heard of his success, I wrote a letter to him.
I could not find him out.
I am assured of his honesty.
I can't help doubting his honesty.
I can't answer for his honesty.
I was not interested in his life.
I was convinced by his explanation.
I can't recollect his explanation.
Words failed me in his presence.
I attended his funeral.
I haven't met both of his sons.
I have met neither of his sons.
I wired him a message of congratulation on his graduation.
I tried to repair his damaged prestige.
I was annoyed at his behavior.
I cannot abide his manner.
I attended the meeting in place of him.
I bought a new dress for her on his behalf.
I failed to go to his birthday party.
I acted on his advice.
I regard his advice as valuable.
I interpreted his silence as consent.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I cannot but object to his proposal.
I politely turned down his offer and hung up.
I wrote down his phone number.
I wrote down his telephone number so that I might remember it.
I received a letter informing me of his arrival.
I impeached his motives.
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I was beside myself with his sudden appearance.
I don't have much faith in his ability.
I clapped him on the back.
I concluded his judgement was right.
I threatened to reveal his secret.
I can't answer for his dishonesty.
I am annoyed by his carelessness.
I hesitated to leave his grave.
I learned a lot from his books.
I accepted a present from his sister.
I had a dream about him.
I was taken aback by his rudeness.
I don't like his rude manner.
I was very much shocked to hear his daughter using such bad language.
I don't know how to pronounce his name.
I know him only by name.
I know him by name but I have never actually spoken to him.
I don't remember his name.
I don't fully remember his name.
I don't know his name.
I have to give in to his order.
I looked him in the eyes.
I was irritated by his indecision.
I marveled at his courage.
I cannot help admiring his courage.
I am his friend and will remain so.
I am going to assert his guilt.
I declined his invitation to dinner.
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air.
I will accept his request.
I cannot comply with his request.
I don't know the day when he will come.
I was forced to support his theory.
I was fascinated with him.
I prefer the updated version of his cookbook.
I doubt the truth of his story.
I was deeply moved by his speech.
I don't like the way he talks.
I leaned forward, eager to catch every word he spoke.
I listened to his talk.
I was much moved by his speech.
I was much impressed by his story.
I was much impressed by his speech.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
I doubt his story.
I don't trust his story.
I can't bring myself to trust his story.
I caught him by the arm.
I cannot stand his arrogance any longer.
I can't stand his arrogance any longer.
I cannot put up with his arrogance.
I thought it best for him to say nothing about the matter.
I don't think he is fit for the job.
I am of the opinion that he will succeed.
I pledged my loyalty to him.
I don't have as much money as he does.
I am not more intelligent than him.
I am not older than he is.
I can't speak English as well as he.
I am not as tall as he.
I asked him if he would go too.
I am two years younger than he.
I am his junior by three years.
He can play the piano better than I.
I am older than he by three years.
I am taller than he.
I'm younger than he is.
I am older than him.
I am shorter than he.
I have an advantage over him.
I charged them too much money for their room.
I saw them enter the bank.
I sat apart from them.
I saw them leave the coffee shop downstairs.
I'm annoyed about them forgetting to pay.
I didn't resist the pressure they forced on me.
I am sure of their passing the examination.
I took for granted that they would give me a receipt.
I saw them play baseball.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
I have nothing to do with them.
I went to Nikko along with them.
I am studying it in cooperation with them.
I congratulated them on the birth of their daughter.
I feel very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
I told them to study harder.
I gave them clothing and some food.
I always tried to be strict with them and not to smile.
I had no choice but to read it out to them.
I waved my hand to them.
I was treated like a child by them.
I couldn't run fast enough to keep up with them.
I sympathized with them, and promised that I would do what I could to help.
I ordered them to leave the room.
I am ignorant of the reason for their quarrel.
I know neither of them.
I am not concerned with their trouble.
I gave three pencils to each of them.
I saw through their plot at once.
I will never forget their warm hands.
I like their pictures.
I sat among them.
I believe in what they said.
I asked for their approval.
I know all of them.
I do not know every one of them.
I know none of them.
I must prepare their breakfast.
I interpreted their silence as consent.
I cannot meet their demands.
I gave way to their demands.
I don't know either of them.
I think they must be twins, but she says they cannot be so.
I suppose they are coming.
I do not know any of them.
I don't know all of them.
I am quite unqualified to teach them.
I went to the airport to see them off.
I dropped them off at Kanda.
I know them.
I know both of them.
I waited for him for an hour.
He shall not come here again.
I am to pick him up at five.
I saw her at the station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
I want to surprise him.
I think him a good teacher.
I will make him go.
I felt bad about picking on him.
It is a fact that I dislike him.
I made him go there at once.
I don't blame you for hitting him.
I couldn't help admiring him.
I know him very well.
I have a fine contempt for him.
I took him for Mr Brown.
I looked on him as the boss.
I call him Mike.
I don't know him at all.
I can't make him out at all.
I pointed at him.
I regarded him as a good teacher.
I remember him well.
I am well acquainted with him.
I took him aside.
I conducted him out.
I consider him a great scientist.
I tried to stop him, but he left me behind.
When I called him right-wing, I mean that his thinking is old-fashioned.
I barely restrained the impulse to strike him.
I did so with a view to pleasing him.
I tried to please him, which I found very difficult.
I said so with a view to pleasing him.
I can't help feeling sorry for him.
I cannot forgive him because he insulted me in public.
I took him to the Kyoto Imperial Palace.
I scared him out of cheating on the exam.
I supposed him to be rich.
I recognized the actor the minute I saw him.
I was astonished at sight of him.
I went to the airport to see him off.
I went to the hospital to visit him.
I have a high opinion of him.
I gave him a ride in my car last night.
I took him out for a walk.
I look up to him as my teacher.
I second his nomination.
I decided that he should be transferred to the branch.
I tried but failed to stop him.
I can't bend him to my will.
I invited him to my house.
I made him my servant.
I regard him as a poet.
I intended to have visited him at his office.
I took him for my brother.
I have him eating out of my hand.
I help him.
I went to the airport to meet him.
I have a mind to help him.
I could not help laughing at him.
I don't trust him; be careful what you say when he's around.
I believe in him.
I have trust in him.
I trust him because he never tells a lie.
I took him for my close friend.
I look on him as my best friend.
I think of him as one of my good friends.
I suppose him to be honest.
I believe him honest.
I cannot find fault with him.
I can't find fault with him.
I persuaded him into accepting the offer.
I persuaded him to go to the party.
I persuaded him to be examined by the doctor.
I persuaded him to give himself up to the police.
I've managed to talk him into buying a new bed.
I tried to persuade him, but in vain.
I have absolute trust in him.
I think highly of him.
Far from respecting him, I dislike him.
I'm waiting for him.
I have a great regard for him.
I consider him a great writer.
I feel very sorry for him.
I thought him very clever.
I came to know him.
I regarded him as the best doctor in town.
I regard him as an enemy.
I called him up on the phone.
I have made him angry.
I was careful not to say anything to make him angry.
I met him at Tokyo Station.
I rate him among the best modern composers in Japan.
I made an ass of him.
I took him for his brother.
I planned to introduce him to her.
Much as I pitied him, I could not help him.
He cast reflections on me.
I showed him into the room.
I visited him only to find him absent.
I didn't call on him because I wanted to.
I have never called on him.
I intended to have called on him, but I couldn't.
I will make a friend of him.
I made him go.
I forced him into complying with my wish.
I am going to call on him tomorrow.
I considered him a friend.
I cannot but admire him.
I relied on him.
I thought him clever.
I would sooner starve than betray him.
I tried to stop him but he made off in a hurry.
I have never heard her say 'No'.
I suggested that she go alone.
I was not conscious of her presence.
I don't know when she got married.
I do not know when she can come.
I was fascinated by her opera singing.
I know that she is cute.
I found her mending a skirt.
I know that she is Spanish.
I object to her going there alone.
I saw her enter the room.
I found out that it was difficult for her to solve that problem.
I am surprised that she should have done such a thing.
I gave her just what she needed.
I cannot make out what she is driving at.
I am quite in the dark as to what she is going to do.
I asked where she lived.
I did not notice how she was dressed.
I can't bear to see her cry.
I allowed her to go to the party.
I can't picture her playing the piano.
I asked her if she had been to Mexico.
Not a letter did I receive from her.
I was very glad to get a present from her.
I was expecting a letter from her.
I got a letter from her.
I received a letter from her.
I was invited to dinner by her.
She gave me several books.
I saw her swim.
I heard her speak English fluently.
I couldn't figure out what she was talking about.
I have no idea where she lives.
I heard her sing a song.
I have never heard her sing.
I heard her singing a song.
I think it certain that she will succeed as a singer.
I arrived at the moment she was leaving.
I am growing to hate the girl.
I hope she will get well.
I could hardly make out what she said.
I don't like her.
I wish her happiness.
I helped her wash dishes.
I have known her since she was a child.
I take it for granted that she will join us.
I was thinking about what she had said to me.
I objected to her treating me like a child.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
I heard her singing in her room.
I received a letter which was written by her.
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.
I think she is kind.
I was delighted at the news of her success.
I insist that she was honest.
I have known her since she was a baby.
I saw her crossing the street.
I informed him of her arrival.
I was glad that she visited me unexpectedly.
I saw her at it with great enthusiasm.
I was afraid of her having been punished.
I remember the horror I felt when she screamed.
I know that she is beautiful.
I didn't know that she was ill.
I was given to understand that she was ill.
I hope she will get over her disease.
I was disappointed at her absence.
I have never seen her help her father.
I didn't notice her going out of the room.
I saw her clean the room.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
I know that she has been busy.
I think that she will discuss trade friction.
I was all the more worried for her silence.
I wait here until she comes.
I can't make her out.
I tried to efface the memory of her tears.
I waited for her to speak.
The longer I listen to her, the less I like her.
I have kept company with her for about years.
I talked to her for an hour.
I accompanied her on a walk.
I know better than to quarrel with her.
I'd like to go skiing with her.
I have to talk with her about the new plan.
I canceled an appointment with her.
I met her the year that my uncle William died.
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.
I've been on close terms with her since childhood.
I didn't get along with her.
I've known her for a long time.
I told her once and for all that I would not go shopping with her.
I said that I didn't go shopping with her.
I had nothing to do with her.
I almost never met her.
I am nearly as tall as she.
I shook hands with her.
I agreed with her.
I talked with her for an hour.
I'd like to go on a picnic with her.
I intended to go with her, but I was too busy.
I had a nice chat with her.
I want to make her acquaintance.
I hope to marry her.
I made up my mind to marry her.
I have known her for five years.
I am engaged to her.
I exchange letters with her.
I talked with her to my heart's content.
I can't tell her from her twin sister.
I talked to her on the telephone.
I am glad to have her company.
I will part company with her.
I am on visiting terms with her.
I couldn't tell her from sister.
I am friends with her.
I made friends with her.
I want to get in touch with her.
I had a lot of difficulty getting in touch with her.
I want to talk to her.
I told her to do that work at once.
I told her she looked pale, and asked if she was all right.
I owe her 100,yen.
I made sure to not let her do such a thing again.
I am going to stop her ever doing that again.
I met her three days ago.
I asked her to pick me up around four.
I told her to be home by nine.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
I remember seeing her.
I bought her a toy cat, but she wasn't happy with it.
I bade good night to her.
I offered to lend money to her.
I don't think she is capable of doing this job. To start with, she is far too old.
I argued her out of going skiing.
I bought a wonderful watch for her.
I did that which she asked me to do.
I asked her if she could go to the party.
I want her to do the difficult work.
I don't like her to go in such a dress.
I told her I'd keep it secret, so I've kept that to myself.
I was aching to tell her the secret.
I debated whether to ask her about it or not.
I promised her not to do it again.
I had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking.
I was very worried about her.
I meet her on occasion at the club.
I made her a dress.
I told her what to do.
I'm not at all satisfied with her.
I have made up my mind to propose to her.
I counseled her to wait a little longer.
I am ashamed of not having been kind to her.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I met her at the station, but I did not recognize her in uniform.
I said nothing to her, which made her upset.
I'll give her some flowers.
I'd like to see her.
I hope that I'll see her.
I am glad to see her.
I recognized her as soon as I saw her.
Hardly had I met her when I fell in love with her.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
I said to her, "You look pale. Are you all right?"
I persuaded her to be at home.
I told her to quickly finish the report.
I am going to let her do as she likes.
I told her not to go.
I demanded that she should go.
I wanted her to come here this evening.
I asked her if I could read the book.
I informed her of my departure.
I informed her of my success.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the fact.
I informed her of my arrival.
I lent her my camera.
I showed her my room.
I was disappointed in her.
I must make an apology to her.
I charmed a secret out of her.
I remember writing to her.
I have no time to write to her.
I gave her what little information I had.
I can't afford to buy her a new dress.
I have a deep affection for her.
I ought to have told her the truth.
I made her a doll.
He presented her with a doll.
I informed her about the success.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I advised her to catch a morning train.
I ran into her in the street.
I wrote a long letter to her.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with her.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
I called her up.
I gave her a comic book to read.
I tried to ask her a riddle.
I asked her a difficult question.
I asked her if she knew his address.
I followed her into the room.
I got her to clean my room.
I told her to tell me the truth, but she shook her head.
I lent her dollars free of interest.
I love her.
I got her a wrist watch.
I have three times as many books as she has.
I can make out what she said.
I'm going to her cocktail party.
I was worried on her account.
I'm not acquainted with her.
I am not acquainted with her.
I can't stand her jealousy.
I kept an eye on her suitcase.
I'm immediately behind her.
I like her style; she's aggressive and knows what she wants.
I was amazed by her quick response.
I will do anything I can do for her.
I repeated the word several times for her.
I gave a bunch of roses to her in return for her hospitality.
I regret having fallen in love with a girl like her.
I am concerned for her safety.
I was anxious for her safety.
I appreciated her sentiments.
I made her play the piano against her will.
I was entranced by her singing.
I was full of curiosity about her past.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
I was keyed up over her impending operation.
I focused the camera on her face.
I saw sorrow's print upon her face.
I stared her in the face.
I caught a glimpse of her face.
I was unable to look her in the face.
I took a close shot of her face.
I'm fed up with her complaints.
I don't know the reason for her absence.
I'm anxious about her health.
I heard her to the end.
I'm sick of her excuses.
I can hardly understand what she says.
I took what she said literally.
I can't make out what she said.
I couldn't for the most part make out what she said.
I gathered from her words that she liked him.
I could not catch her words.
I read anger in her face.
I congratulated her on her success in the examination.
I like her dark eyes.
I have done with her job.
I helped her with her work.
I stood still, my whole attention fixed on the movements of her fingers.
I called her office, but no one answered.
I noticed her hands shaking.
I can remember the warmth of her hands.
I believe what is written in her letter.
I must answer her letter.
I can't remember her address.
I don't know his address.
I spent several days sorting through her papers.
I can't do without her help.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I like her novel.
I accepted her invitation.
I don't like the way she laughs.
I had a good laugh at her joke.
I thanked her for her kind hospitality.
I gave her a present in return for her kindness.
I noted a trace of eagerness in her voice.
I had to take care of her baby.
I was offended by her crude manners.
I sat beside her.
I pulled her by the sleeve, but she went on talking unconcernedly.
I was moved by her love for other people.
I'm fed up with her laziness.
I don't like her manner.
I was invited to her birthday party.
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.
I wrote down her phone number.
I tried to find out her telephone number.
I was impatient for her arrival.
I guessed her to be 40.
I got very annoyed at her remarks.
I was fascinated by her beauty.
I'm very concerned about her illness.
I dislike her unfriendly attitude.
I felt drawn toward her.
I can't remember how to spell her name.
I can't think of her name at once.
I tried to avoid looking at her eyes.
I was taken in by her promise.
I greatly admire her for her bravery.
I was deceived by her appearance.
I like her sense of style. Her clothes and makeup always look good.
I gave in to her demands.
I was charmed by her way of speaking.
I don't like the way she speaks.
I was completely deceived by her story.
I listened to her story.
I believe her story.
I took her arm.
I thought it better that she should take a vacation.
I think she is sick.
I think she is a good dancer.
I love you more than her.
Although I am her elder, she treats me as if I were her servant.
I have known her for two years.
I took Ann for her sister.
I cannot praise her enough.
I hugged her tightly.
I had a good opinion of her.
I thought her very clever.
I know her slightly.
I caught a glimpse of her.
I asked her for a date.
I asked her for a date, only to have her say no.
I know her very well.
I suggested to him that she be invited to the party.
I wanted to surprise her.
I turned away as if I didn't like her.
I know her well.
I know her well. She is my friend.
I don't love her.
I can't help loving her.
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.
I can comfort her.
I look on her as my best friend.
I sent her home.
I cannot excuse her.
I excited her.
I was looking at her.
I never see her without thinking of her mother.
I will make her happy.
I want to make her happy.
I made her happy.
I couldn't stop myself from longing for her.
I treated her as my own daughter.
I was able to help her.
I cannot but believe her.
I admire her truly.
I consider her as an honest woman.
I persuaded her to substitute for me in that job.
I talked her into marrying him.
I tried to persuade her in vain.
I failed to persuade her.
I became weary of waiting for her.
I don't know her and I don't think I want to.
She is a stranger to me.
I gave offense to her.
I met her at Tokyo Station.
I waited for her as long as two hours.
It took me some time to persuade her.
I took her for her sister.
I took her for her sister. They look so much alike.
I made her my secretary.
I mistook her for Minako. They look so much alike.
I look on her as my sister.
I tried to stop her but she made off in a hurry.
I'll share both troubles and joys with you.
I was more angry than sad.
I don't like sad movies.
I like stories that have sad endings.
I do not feel sad.
I like to feel sad. I know that most people try to avoid any kind of sad feeling. But I think that is wrong.
I prefer comedy to tragedy.
I read the book in the light of criticism.
I was tired.
I was tired and, what is worse, I was sleepy.
I was very tired, but I was nevertheless unable to sleep.
Though I was tired, I did my best.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
Tired as I was, I went on working.
Tired out, I carried on working.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I was tired, so I didn't go.
"I am not tired." "Neither am I."
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
I'm tired, so I should get some rest.
Though I am tired, I will work hard.
I am tired and I want to go to bed.
I was too tired to go on working.
I am confronted with a great danger.
I have a very old stamp.
I got up so early that I caught the train.
I caught the last train because I walked extremely quickly.
I was very tired.
I'm really unhappy about this.
I am so busy that I have no time to read.
I can jump.
I went to Kyushu by airplane.
I want to travel by airplane.
I've never flown in an airplane.
I was very afraid in the airplane.
I was very much afraid in the airplane.
I got airsick and felt like throwing up.
I looked down on Mt. Fuji from the window of the plane.
I prefer to travel by air.
I don't like traveling by air.
I couldn't restrain a smile.
I caught a beautiful butterfly.
I saw a beautiful bird.
I am a lover of the beautiful.
I am deeply interested in art.
I like to wear my skirts knee length.
I am bound to solve this question.
I will call you without fail.
I will lose weight.
I ran for my life.
I will take such action as seems necessary.
I am of the opinion that necessity is the mother of invention.
I went from door to door trying to sell encyclopedias.
I want to learn standard English.
I slipped on the ice and hurt my head.
I fell down on the ice.
I work for a hospital.
I was held up on my way to the hospital in a traffic jam.
I recovered from my illness.
I couldn't go to work because I was sick.
I stayed at home because I was sick.
As I was sick, I did not go to school.
Because I was sick, I didn't go.
I was ill, otherwise I would have attended the meeting.
As I was ill, I couldn't go to the meeting.
I've been on sick leave.
I had to decline the invitation because I was ill.
I could not go to the party because of illness.
Illness prevented me from going to school.
I had to have my brother help me with my homework due to illness.
I am depressed by my illness.
Sickness kept me from attending the party.
I was absent from school because of illness.
I didn't go on account of illness.
I took care of my sick sister.
I asked after my sick friend.
I've been to Osaka to ask after my sick friend.
I tanned myself on the beach.
I am poor, whereas my brothers are very rich.
I pointed out that we needed more money for the poor.
I am nothing but a poor peasant.
I'm poor.
I, who am poor, cannot afford it.
I'm all thumbs.
I bear in mind that misfortunes never come singly.
I dreamed a strange dream.
I would rather be poor than make money by dishonest means.
I can't help but complain.
I'm not satisfied.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji four times.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji.
I climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
I have seen Mt. Fuji.
I was not so much scared as amazed.
I am frightened of walking in the darkness.
I usually have breakfast at seven.
I usually take a shower after I play tennis, but today I couldn't.
I usually go to market on Friday.
I usually wake up at six.
I usually get home by six o'clock.
I usually get up at eight.
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.
I normally get up at o'clock.
I usually have a light breakfast.
I usually go to bed at nine.
I usually get up at seven.
I usually spend the whole day idly on Sunday.
I usually watch television before supper.
I usually get up at about six-thirty.
I am pleased with this watch my father gave me.
I want my father to see the movie.
I don't like my father's attending the meeting.
I helped my father with the work.
My father gave me a game.
I was given a computer game by my father.
I want to bring up my son as my father did me.
I helped my father wash his car.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
I'm not ashamed of my father's being poor.
I'm proud of my father being a good cook.
I told Dad about it.
I know not only the father, but also the son.
I often went to the movies with my father.
I don't see eye to eye with my father.
I never felt at ease in my father's company.
I'm looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I like to go fishing with my father.
I'm as tall as my father.
I can't talk with my father without losing my temper.
I suggested to my father that Kumiko study in China.
I asked my father to buy this toy.
I gave my father a silk tie.
I don't take after my father.
I had my photograph taken by my father.
I supported her even against my father.
I was given a minor share of my father's wealth.
I think I will occupy myself in my father's business.
I must be about my father's business.
I took over my father's job.
I was absolved from paying my father's debt.
I asked for my father's help.
I always felt ill at ease in my father's company.
I have to go there for my father.
I am acting for my father.
I don't know my father's annual income.
I visited my father's grave.
I have read every book in my father's bookcase.
I am tired of hearing Father's stories.
I have been to Kyoto station to see my father off.
I'm proud of my father.
I tried to argue my father into buying a new car.
I introduced my father to the teacher.
I'm very proud of my father.
I borrowed money from my father.
I am a dancer by trade and I teach jazz dance.
I like grape jelly best.
I like such fruits as grapes and peaches.
I will be waiting for you in my room.
I sleep in my room.
I like to have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.
I entered the room and shook hands with him.
I changed the arrangement of the furniture in my room.
I left a duplicate key to the room with my mother.
I like to adorn my room with flowers.
I don't have to clean my room.
I want my room painted white.
I owe two months' rent for my room.
I'm busy looking for an apartment.
I was an outsider.
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.
I opened the envelope and pulled out a letter.
I ripped the envelope open.
I had my hat blown off.
It took me ten days to get over my cold.
It took me more than one month to get over my cold.
I'm coming down with a cold.
I caught a cold.
I caught a cold. That is why I could not attend the meeting yesterday.
I have been down with a cold.
I didn't go out for fear of catching cold.
I think I'm getting a cold.
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.
I have a slight cold.
I am afraid I have a touch of a cold.
I warmed myself in the bath.
I took a bath and then had a glass of beer.
I enjoyed watching the Easter Parade.
I usually buy my clothes at the department store.
I have all my suits made to order.
I like to keep my clothes for as long as possible.
I use money for buying clothes.
I can't see well.
I prefer reading to writing.
I am surprised to hear that prices have gone up so high.
I like to read story books.
I've written a lot of stories.
I'm not good at classifying things.
I am not interested in material gain.
I'm not interested in material gains.
I like physics, and I like mathematics even more.
I have a liking for chemistry as well as for physics.
I'm not in the least interested in physics.
I have trouble with physics.
I took the right fork of the road.
I prefer payment in full to payment in part.
I'm supposed to be sensible human.
I make a point of arranging sentences in my mind before writing them down.
I am tired of hearing that.
I pricked up my ears.
I live in Hyogo.
I am a senior at Hyogo University.
I am a student at Hyogo University.
I sleep six hours a day on average.
I wear white shirts on weekdays.
I have a large library on American literature.
I hung a picture on the wall.
I hit my head hard against the wall.
I peeped out through a crack in the wall.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a musician.
Please don't look at me suspiciously.
I have other matters on hand.
I'm going through changes.
I saw a dog with one paw bandaged.
I looked all around, but I could see nobody there.
I don't like to leave people hanging.
I have some correspondence to deal with.
I don't like studying.
I played tennis after I studied.
I am studying.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
Do I have to study?
I have to study.
I watched television instead of studying.
I went to America to study.
I am going to study.
I am planning on studying and playing the flute by turns.
I often make use of the library to study.
I have no leisure to study.
I watch television before I study.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
I want to get a job that mixes work and play.
I was tired from studying.
I'm tired of studying.
I go to bed after I study.
I will establish myself as a lawyer.
I decided to be a lawyer.
Wherever I have my lunch box, I enjoy it.
I was captured.
I had to walk home.
I have to walk to school.
I go to school on foot.
I will go on foot.
I'd rather take a taxi than walk.
When I was badly off, I fell back on him.
I saw my mother hide the cake.
I hear from my mother every month.
I've never heard my mother sing a song.
I helped my mother wash the dishes.
I helped my mother clean the kitchen.
I'm really attached to my mother.
I'll help my mother wash the dishes after supper.
I went to Disneyland with my mother.
I had all my clothes washed by my mother.
I was made to stay at home by mother.
I ran to my mother.
I resemble my mother.
I am writing to you on behalf of my mother.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
I am tied to my mother's apron strings.
I had a white dress made by my mother.
I went to the hospital to see my mother.
I have to help Mother.
I don't get up as early as my mother.
I cannot cook as well as my mother does.
I'm no better at cooking than my mother.
I said that to please my mother.
I followed my mother's example.
I'm waiting for my mother.
I love my mother very much.
I love, and will continue to love, my mother country.
When I heard it, I was dumbfounded.
I've finished typing the report.
He wrote out a thorough report.
I am going to play soccer after school.
I often play soccer after school.
I played tennis after school.
I play the guitar after school.
I don't study after school.
I will hand in my report after school.
I have no sense of direction so I always travel with a compass.
I have a good sense of direction, so I don't get lost.
I will follow the law.
I intend to become a lawyer.
I gave my hat a brush.
I have lost my cap.
I took off my hat and entered the church.
I must remember to post the letter.
I am busy; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
I'm busy.
As I'm very busy, don't count on me.
I am busy, and I'm not interested in that, either.
I can't help you because I am busy.
I was busy, but I helped Mother.
I cannot afford the time for a vacation.
I'm too busy to help him.
I'm not busy.
I yield to no one in abhorrence of violence.
I failed to get the position I wanted.
I adjusted the telescope to my vision.
I read a book of adventure stories.
I wanted to live in Hokkaido, but I couldn't.
I want a book.
I spent ten dollars on books.
I could do nothing but stare stupidly at the printed page.
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
I paid five dollars for the book.
I ordered some books from London.
I returned the book to its shelf.
I put the book down and turned on the light.
I do not read books.
I get knowledge by reading books.
I went to the library to read books.
I am fond of reading.
I like reading books.
I have little time to read.
I was reading a book.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
I'll be reading a book.
I bought a book and he a ruler.
I sold a book.
I meant what I said.
I had known his name for some time before I entered this school.
I'm going to deal with the problem in this chapter.
I am allowed 1,yen a month for books.
I have a large number of books on my bookshelf.
I haven't read all the books on the shelves.
I'm really longing for summer vacation.
I really enjoyed it.
I'm really concerned about your future.
I actually saw a ghost.
I couldn't but speak the truth.
I don't really look at it that way.
I do not have a sister.
I discouraged my sister from going out with the leader of the pack.
I share the room with my sister.
I am widely different from my little sister in character and habits.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
I let my sister use my new computer.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
I bought my sister a new hat.
I gave my sister a doll.
I spend less money on clothes than my sister does.
I left earlier than my sister.
I give my mother fifty thousand yen on payday every month.
I take five kinds of magazines every month.
I must return a debt every month.
I get a haircut every month.
I make it a rule to play tennis with him Sundays.
I play tennis every Sunday.
I go to church every Sunday.
I visit my parents every Sunday without fail.
I brush my teeth clean after meals.
I walk my dog along the river every morning.
I jog before breakfast every morning.
I always take a bath in the morning.
I make it a rule to take a walk for half an hour every morning.
I get up at six every morning.
I make it a rule to get up at six every morning.
I jog through Central Park every morning at a.m.
I leave home for the company at seven every morning.
I told him that I get up at seven every morning.
I leave for school at eight every morning.
I report to work at o'clock every morning.
I make it a rule to jog every morning.
I keep fit by jogging every morning.
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV.
I go by that shop every morning on my way to school.
I get on the subway every morning at Ginza.
I take light exercise every morning.
I take a walk every morning.
I would sooner die than get up early every morning.
I have breakfast every morning.
I run before breakfast every morning.
I make it a rule to get up at six in the morning.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I have a bath every day.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
I take two newspapers daily.
I study for hours every day.
I leave home before eight o'clock every morning.
I work from nine to five every day.
I go by that church every day.
I use it every day.
Not a day passed but I practiced playing the piano.
I swim every day.
I study English every day.
I study English half an hour every day.
I speak English daily.
I walk to school every day.
I wash my face every morning.
I go to work every day.
I follow my routine every day.
I am in the habit of taking a walk every day.
I waited every day for my dog to come home.
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
I go to work by car every day.
I walk in the forest every day.
I make it a rule to study math every day.
I wash clothes every day.
I go home early every day.
I run every day.
I have a boiled egg for breakfast every day.
I water the flowers in the garden every day.
I go to Tokyo every day.
I am keeping a diary every day.
I keep my diary every day.
I call her up every day.
He goes to school to study every day.
I decided to study every day.
I walk every day.
I help mother do the household chores every day.
I worked on it day after day.
I worked hard day after day.
I go to work every day by train.
I catch the flu every year.
I go to bed at eleven every night.
I listen to the radio every night.
I am accustomed to studying English every evening.
I am at home every evening.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
I'm the youngest in the family.
I've lost my fountain pen. I have to buy one tomorrow.
I love comic books.
I read comic books.
I have grown out of the habit of reading comics.
I don't care a bit about the future.
I am on the side of democracy.
I saw a sleeping dog.
I had read only a few pages before I fell asleep.
I had a cup of tea to keep myself awake.
I awoke from a dream.
I think I was dancing in my sleep.
Now I have the hat which I thought was lost.
I ran out of the room without knowing what I was doing.
I bought a camera free of tax.
I was compelled to confess.
I was forced to sign my name.
I got the ticket for free.
I have a daughter.
I'm convinced that my daughter will pass the exam.
I'm anxious that my daughter should succeed.
I'm going to buy a camera for my daughter.
I have no idea how to do deal with my daughter.
I take great pains in educating my daughter.
I've worked out a good plan.
I am planning to make an overnight trip to Nagoya.
When I visited my friend in Nagoya, I was treated to delicious soba.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
I do not care for fame.
I aspire to fame.
I want to live.
I didn't turn off the light.
I don't forget turning out the light.
I slept with the light off.
I like light colors.
I'm going to call at his house tomorrow.
I will be fourteen years old tomorrow.
I will go to America tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I will come back to Canada tomorrow.
I am going to play soccer tomorrow.
I'll be there tomorrow.
I am to meet the man tomorrow.
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.
I will be all tied up tomorrow afternoon.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
I will be watching TV about this time tomorrow.
I will be flying over the Pacific about this time tomorrow.
I have got to leave here early tomorrow morning.
I'm going to see the baseball game tomorrow.
I must get up as early as I can tomorrow morning.
I must put this letter into French by tomorrow.
I have to get through with the work by tomorrow.
I've got to go to another dreary meeting tomorrow.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr Aoi tomorrow.
I will not be free tomorrow.
I will not go to school tomorrow.
I may die tomorrow.
I am going to write a letter tomorrow.
I will get up early tomorrow.
I must leave early tomorrow.
I'll leave Osaka for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'd like to sleep late tomorrow.
I am going to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I'll come back to Japan tomorrow.
I'll be seeing him tomorrow.
I'm going to see him tomorrow.
I will call on him tomorrow.
I will help him tomorrow.
I am going to call on her tomorrow.
I am off duty tomorrow.
I will have to study tomorrow.
I must remember to buy that book tomorrow.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
I will not be busy tomorrow.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
I feel happy because I am quit of that trouble.
I anticipated trouble.
I made a model plane.
I don't care for imitation.
I held the fur coat close to my cheek and dreamt of the day I would be able to afford it.
I studied like anything.
I have a dog trained as a seeing eye dog.
I caught a carp in a net.
I let go of the rope.
I sat down in the shade of a tree and read the book.
I made a desk of wood.
I have a wooden comb.
I tried flying from the top of the tree.
I chopped a tree down.
I bought two cotton shirts.
I must attend my history class on Thursday.
She got all the more angry for my silence.
I thought it wiser to hold my tongue.
My sight isn't good; I have to wear glasses.
I awoke to find myself completely refreshed.
By the look in his eye I could tell that he was speaking tongue in cheek.
I'm going to have my eyes examined.
When I am going to visit someone I look up to, I first write to him and tell him why.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called him.
I'll come back.
I parked my car by the gate.
I was asked to open the gate.
I was watching TV at night.
I never cut my nails at night.
I arrived at Osaka Station at night.
I don't like going out by myself at night.
I make it a rule not to sit up late.
I am not used to sitting up late at night.
I am used to sitting up late at night.
I'm used to staying up late at night.
I am used to staying up till late at night.
I worked far into the night.
I went to bed late at night.
I awoke three times in the night.
I waited for my husband till after midnight.
I will get to the foot of the hill before dawn.
I can play baseball, tennis, volleyball, and so on.
I like baseball.
I like baseball very much.
I was dropped from the baseball team.
I belong to the baseball team.
I am a member of the baseball team.
I have been to see the baseball game.
I like to watch a baseball game.
I prefer soccer to baseball.
I prefer tennis to baseball.
I like playing baseball.
I want to be a baseball player.
I quit the baseball club last week.
I walked around in the field.
I like to roam about the fields.
I'm afraid of wild animals.
I like wild flowers.
I hit the mark with the arrow.
I try to read as many valuable books as I can.
I became a director.
I walked about a mile.
I make it a rule never to be late for appointments.
I make a point of being in time for appointments.
I regret not having kept my promise.
I think it's important to keep a promise.
I may have made some minor mistakes in translation.
I felt sad for no reason.
I realized I was off my guard.
I make an excellent wife for him.
I found it impossible to win the championship.
I was awarded an honor prize.
My heart failed me.
I summoned up my courage, and walked inside.
I believe in friendship.
I rent a car from my friend.
I came upon a friend of mine.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
I'm looking for a gift for my friend.
I accommodated my friend with money.
I tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married.
I telephoned my friend to congratulate him.
I got my friends to help me.
I want to pick out a present for my friend.
I am staying with a friend.
I have my friend's car at my disposal.
I didn't want to be defeated in front of my friends.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.
I invited all my friends.
I have been to the station to see my friend off.
I went to the airport to see my friend off.
I decided to ask for my friend's help.
I invited my friends to dinner.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
I don't have any friends.
I have a few friends.
I'm waiting for my friend to arrive.
I spent the weekend with my friends.
I met a friend.
I was calling my friend.
I forgot to send New Year's cards to my friends.
I didn't meet any of my friends.
I saw my friend to the station.
I went to Kennedy Airport to see my friend off.
I do believe in ghosts.
I had a valid visa, so I was allowed to enter the country.
I had to part with my competent secretary.
I am a famous actor.
I got a famous singer's autograph.
I think that Yumi is sick.
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette.
I was determined not to give in to temptation.
I am tired from playing.
I went to the park to play.
I went as far as the post office.
I walked as far as the post office, where I took the bus for Tokyo Station.
I have been to the post office.
I invited Jane to dinner.
I was invited to dinner.
I study English after dinner.
I play the guitar before dinner.
I finished doing the work before supper.
I make it a practice to help my brother with his homework after supper.
I studied English for two hours after dinner.
I watch television after supper.
I play the guitar after dinner.
I play the piano after supper.
After dinner, I did my homework.
I listen to the radio after dinner.
I make a point of taking a walk before supper.
I will be through with my homework before supper.
I studied before supper.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I make it a rule to take a walk around the nearby pond in the evening.
I watch television in the evening.
I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
I was told to be ready to speak at a moment's notice.
I intended to have changed my schedule.
I made my way to the luggage office to collect the suitcase I had left there.
I have a lot of money in my savings account.
I remember playing with Yoshiko in that garden when we were young.
I acted the part of a fairy.
I can read Spanish with ease.
I expected Yoko to give up smoking.
I persuaded Yoko to give up smoking.
I'd like to stay in a Western-style hotel.
I don't care for foreign food.
I saw a flock of sheep.
I stick to the point.
I got a bit carried away when I was dancing and got up on the table.
I have two children to support.
I'll give this book to whoever wants it.
I was in the bath, with the result that I didn't hear the telephone.
I had planned to leave for New York the next morning.
I was leaving for Paris the next morning.
I'll invite whoever wants to come.
I meant to have come.
I'll take a trip to Kyoto next month.
I will go to Sydney on business next month.
This letter says he is going to marry Grace next month.
I will have been studying English for six years by the end of next month.
I will buy a new car next month.
I may go skiing at Zao next month.
I'll go to Hokkaido next month with my friend.
I am going to start a new job next week.
I will be seventeen next week.
I'm going to Europe by way of Anchorage next week.
I must calculate how much money I'll spend next week.
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
I'm supposed to go to New York next week.
I have to hand in my report by next Wednesday.
I will be traveling round Europe next week.
I will be busy next week.
I will have finished the work by next week.
I will be traveling in Europe next week.
I'm going to see the sights of London next week.
I expect to be back next Monday.
I am leaving next week.
I'll set out for China next week.
I will visit Nara next week.
I hope to graduate from university next spring.
I believe in the life beyond.
I will be sixteen years old next year.
I am going to go to America next year.
There is a possibility that I may go to the United States next year.
I intend to study abroad in America next year.
I will be in high school next April.
I want to come here next winter again.
I am going to Hawaii next year.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
I want to go abroad next year.
I will go abroad next year.
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.
I will not live in Sanda next year.
I plan to cycle around Shikoku next year.
I will live in Sasayama next year.
I will not live in Kobe next year.
I must sit for the entrance examination next year.
I intend to study abroad next year.
I am in need of a responsible person.
I was taken aback by a thunderclap.
I got gloomy and thought of giving up.
I felt ill at ease.
I was cool as a cucumber.
I spent hours looking for the key that I had dropped.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I like the white of an egg.
I bought eggs, meat, vegetables, and what not.
I have an egg.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I like both science and math.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I will consent to the divorce.
I went into the army.
I admire a person who expresses a frank opinion.
I stood all the way.
I stopped and gazed at them.
I stopped and waited for the car to pass.
I can't stand up.
I have seen a shooting star once.
I have little, if any, interest in popular songs.
I went to Hokkaido to see the floating ice.
I want to study abroad.
I made a decision to study abroad.
I decided to study abroad.
Tell him I'm not in.
I found the answering machine convenient.
When I started traveling, I rarely felt lonely.
All during my trip I could not keep you out of my mind.
I like traveling.
"I like traveling." "So do I."
I always travel with travelers' checks instead of cash.
I had a pleasant experience on my trip.
I will go on a trip.
I am short of money for my trip.
Putting my traveling experience to good use, I started a travel agency.
I am looking forward to the trip.
I negotiated with the travel agent about the ticket price.
I made use of the maps during my journey.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
I helped my parents with the housework.
I refused to eat until my parents came home.
I was often at odds with my parents.
I live with my parents.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
I contacted my parents.
I said "good night" to my parents and went to bed.
I never fail to write to my parents every month.
I was able to get my parents to consent to my marriage.
I have been a disappointment to my parents.
I was a constant torment to my parents.
I have not seen both of his works.
Cooking's one of my strong suits.
I don't have much interest in cooking.
I have a good English dictionary.
I have a good dictionary.
I am proud of being a good son.
I am often confused with my brother.
I prefer quality to quantity.
I put quantity after quality.
I like apples.
I can peel an apple.
I am a man who can't stand being alone.
I was robbed of my wallet by the man sitting next to me.
I became aware of being closely observed by a man sitting next to me.
I looked into the next room.
I couldn't control my tears.
I was brought to tears.
I want to go abroad, for instance, to Italy and Spain.
I like hot tea better than cold.
I'm dying for a cold drink.
I felt the cold wind come into the hall.
I tried to be calm, but finally I lost my temper.
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
We look up to him because of his politeness.
I believe in the immortality of the soul.
I like history.
I have little interest in history.
I'm interested in history.
I am not up on history.
I take great interest in history.
I will devote my life to the study of history.
I concentrated my attention on the little things of history.
I want to study history.
I majored in history.
I like studying history.
I took my place at the end of the line.
When I got off the train, I saw a friend of mine.
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house.
I went to Boston by train.
I returned home by train.
I went as far as Kyoto by train.
I went to Kobe by train.
I like to travel by train.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
I missed the train. I should have come earlier.
I ran to the station not to miss the train.
I got my foot caught in a train door.
I came across him on the train.
It occurred to me that I had left my bag on the train.
I call my sweetheart darling.
I was wet with dew.
I got up so an old man could sit in my seat.
I stood at a respectful distance from the old man.
I remember asking an old man the way.
I'm saying this out of kindness.
I helped an old woman across the street.
I gave up my seat to an old lady.
I gave up smoking six months ago.
I got up about six.
I got up at six.
I finished work at six.
He told me that I must finish the work by six.
I'll be back by six o'clock.
I will be back at half past six.
I get up at 6:30.
I have been studying English for six years now.
I've made a first draft of my thesis.
I had to work on an essay.
I meant to have finished writing the paper.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
I don't like to be spoken to.
I experienced a feeling of antipathy towards the speaker.
I want somebody to talk to.
I tried to change the subject.
I tried to change the subject, but they went on talking about politics.
My arm is hurting badly.
I broke my arm.
I must have my watch repaired.
I stood with my arms folded.
I'm a person who lives for the moment.
I tried to open the door with all my force.
I would rather be deceived than to deceive.
You must make good on your promise to me.
No one admires him more than I do.
I don't like it, either.
So do I.
I am seventeen years old, too.
I didn't know you were coming here either.
I'm glad to meet you, too.
I want to have a part-time job, too.
Please take me along with you.
Nice seeing you, too.
This is also the first time I've been to this area.
I myself did not know him.
I'm a stranger here myself.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.
I would not have known him.
I wish I could find one just like it.
I don't, either.
Nor am I.
I think so, too.
I get off there, too.
I've been invited there, too.
I also went there.
I've heard a lot about that, too.
I was just thinking of the same thing. I'm all for that.
Nor can I.
I also had a very good time.
He added that I should come to the party, too.
I'm a councillor, too.
I don't know what to do either.
I'm glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
I like English, too.
I will also become a grown-up before long.
I love music, too.
All of us, including me, rode the bus.
I am no more interested in physics than you are.
I'm fine too.
I also went.
Let me in under your umbrella.
I also heard a similar story.
I can ride a horse, too.
I am a teacher, too.
I am also a citizen of Tokyo.
I'd like to order the same.
I will do it the same.
I do not like him either.
I wish I could swim as far as he can.
You and I are both students at this school.
I also stopped sleeping.
Mother is more anxious about the result of the examination than I am.
He cannot be older than I.
He is my senior by three years.
Do you take me for forty? You are wide of the mark.
It is no use trying to deceive me.
Please show me around.
You can't bend me to your will.
Would you introduce me to your friend, Mr Murphy?
Don't pick on me, please.
I entreat your pardon.
Don't let me down.
Don't make sport of me.
Please call me Joe.
Send me there.
Don't apply that nickname to me.
It is very kind of you to invite me to the party.
They had great fun at my expense.
Deceive me once, and I will forgive you; deceive me twice, and you're a double-crosser.
It is no use trying to play a trick on me.
The ones who shout at me don't bother me.
You can call me Bob.
Could you introduce me to Mr Ono of Randolph, Ltd?
Please leave me alone. I am busy.
I think I can reach the branch if you'll give me a boost.
It's kind of you to drive me home.
Later, the nurse told me she had done her best to make me well.
Don't make little of me.
What surprised me was his cold attitude.
Please look at me.
Seeing me, the dog wagged its tail.
Seeing me, she was embarrassed.
He looked at me and barked.
Seeing me, the baby began to cry.
Look at me.
No sooner had he seen me than he began to run away.
Seeing me, the dog rushed up to me.
As soon as she saw me, she greeted me with a smile.
Stop bothering me!
Don't treat me like a child.
I hope you will hear me out.
It was the teacher's narrative that bored me to death.
It was his lengthy narrative that bored me to death.
It is kind of you to give me a ride.
Please come to my room to help me.
Please help me.
It is very kind of you to help me.
Will you help me?
It is kind of her to help me.
How kind of you to help me!
Let me step inside.
I'll be glad if you will help me.
He took a risk when he helped me.
I have no one to help me.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
I intend to decline his offer to help me.
It is very kind of you to invite me.
How nice of you to invite me along!
Don't laugh at me.
Don't wait dinner for me.
Don't leave me behind!
Let me in, please.
Don't bar me out.
Tell him either to call on me or to ring me up.
Don't pass me over.
Will you take me to the gate?
It is very kind of you to invite me to dinner.
It is kind of him to invite me to dinner.
You won't let me down.
The girl staring back at me was angry.
Don't deceive me.
Are there any messages for me?
Nobody has heard of it but me.
All the members but me have faith in what he says.
Everybody knows it except me.
Everyone except me knew it.
Everyone except me was invited.
Everybody is busy except me.
From my personal point of view, his opinion is right.
For myself, I would like to take part in the game.
In my personal opinion I am against the plan.
Let me give you my personal opinion.
Get off my back about my personal life!
Methinks my own soul must be a bright invisible green.
Don't interfere in private concerns.
I myself did it.
I'll get my son to go instead of going myself.
I myself saw it.
As for me, instead of trying to be a cool, international man, I would like to be an open-minded earth person.
I wish I had a room of my own.
I myself have never seen a UFO.
I have never been there myself.
Don't pry into my private life.
We're going to the movies. Are you game?
We have freed you from a great anxiety.
It is impossible for us to cross that river.
There is no telling when we will fall ill.
When we went to karaoke, Tom went on singing all night.
We arrived here fast, didn't we?
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
Two hours is too short for us to discuss the matter.
We do not all go.
The field where we used to play ball is now all built up.
Even though we tried hard, we couldn't beat Jane.
When we got to the station, the train had already left.
By the time we reached home, the sun had completely set.
When we went to the hall, the concert had already begun.
Three years have passed since we married.
When we say that a language is culturally transmitted - that is, that it is learned rather than inherited - we mean that it is part of that whole complex of learned and shared behavior that anthropologists call culture.
The man whom we saw in the park was Mr Hill.
There are not enough chairs for us to sit on.
The music we listened to last night was wonderful.
The best policy for us to observe is to mind our own business.
In modern times we have gone through two world wars as the end result of international disputes.
In spite of our congratulations, he frowned and turned away.
Is there anyone we invited who hasn't come yet?
Our bus left at eight, arriving in Boston at eleven.
The bullet train we were on pulled out at sharp.
Your help is indispensable to our success.
To our great surprise, he suddenly resigned.
The day when we arrived was a holiday.
It was raining when we arrived.
The English Channel was rough when we came across.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
They gave us a hearty welcome when we arrived.
It began to rain as we came near the pass.
The hotel which I am staying at is near the station.
The hotel at which we stayed was very comfortable.
There was nothing that we could do for them.
There is enough room for us to play.
It is a good idea for us to play shogi after dinner.
Beth looked after our dog while we were away.
We had an unpleasant experience there.
Would you like to eat with us?
Would you like to play soccer with us?
Won't you join us for dinner?
Let's ask some questions.
It's great fun for us to be with her.
It makes a difference to us whether it rains tomorrow.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
We have the ability to memorize information.
We have everything we need: money, time, and brains.
We had a pleasant evening.
We have a lot of homework to do.
We have many friends to visit in Tokyo.
I asked the waiter to see about getting us a better table.
Don't forget to write to us.
None of us have succeeded.
None of us could arrive at the harbor on time.
Our class consists of thirty students.
Our class will go on a picnic next week.
Our soccer game will be postponed.
Not all of us are against his idea.
Our team did very well.
Our football team has a good defense.
Our team triumphed over theirs.
Our hotel faces the coast.
Some of us went by bus, and the others by bicycle.
Our house was broken into by burglars last night.
The previous owners of our house moved to Liverpool.
In the course of our conversation, he referred to his youth.
Our town was bombed twice this week.
It has already been sixty years since our school was founded.
There are classes in our school.
Our school was established in 1951.
Our school is near the station.
Our school is situated on a hill.
Our school is in the south of the city.
Our school burned down.
I hope to see our relationship expand.
Our basic problem is the lack of know-how.
Our holiday plans are still up in the air.
The air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
All our plans went wrong.
Our plans went wrong.
Our plan was objected to by the majority.
Our dog will bite strangers.
You shall listen to us.
Our thinking is flexible.
Our country produces a lot of sugar.
We have a local newspaper in our city.
Our city is rather small in comparison with Tokyo.
We have a 20% share of the market.
All our attempts failed.
Don't worry about us.
Our car ran out of gas after two minutes.
Our car broke down in the middle of the street.
How about staying with us for a few days?
Our train was delayed on account of the heavy snow.
Our library is on the third floor.
We owed our success to their help.
Our mode of life has changed since the introduction of European civilization.
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state, and in a way, it is.
Our teacher will return from abroad in August.
Our teacher is patient with us even when we ask silly questions.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
Our teacher is marking papers.
Our teacher favors only the girl students.
Our teacher lives at the extreme end of the street.
Our teacher is going to the USA next month.
Our ship touched at Marseilles.
What's that big building ahead of us?
Many of us were tired.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own Sun.
Our university usually starts on April 1st.
Our university is in the suburbs of Tokyo.
None of us have been to Hawaii.
We'll be finished!
One town has excellent sports facilities.
Our town ran into danger.
Our city is known for its beauty all over the world.
Our long vacation has passed all too soon.
Our proposals met with little response.
Our effort ended in failure.
Our sales are decreasing.
Our feud traces back to our childhood.
Our trip was canceled due to the heavy snow.
Our trip is dependent on the weather.
Our train reached Rome after dark.
Our train left Osaka at 8:00, arriving in Tokyo by 11:00.
We appreciate your hard work.
We worry about your future.
We were obliged to obey the rule.
We took offense at the student's attitude.
We think of the plan as of value.
We named the dog Tim.
We shouldn't look down on a person only because he's homeless.
We met them by accident by the bus terminal.
We eat butter on bread.
On account of bad weather, we were forced to call off the assembly.
We sat talking about the remote past.
We agreed to share the housework.
We advanced to the finals.
We meet sometimes at the shop.
We talked over our problems.
We respond to the delicate beauty of the cherry blossoms in the spring moonlight.
We have very good business.
We'll stop at the New Osaka Hotel and pick up Mr Takakura.
We waste a lot of time.
We have used earth's energy resources as if they were limitless.
We have finished lunch.
We regard him as an important man.
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard.
We will be enjoying the life in Paris next month.
We ran for kilometers.
We have five English lessons a week.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
We went up step by step.
We suffered a loss of 10,dollars.
We are entitled to vote at the age of 20.
We are not going to stay at the hotel again.
We checked in at the Hilton at three o'clock.
We checked in at the hotel at three.
We defeated the other team by points.
We borrowed at 5% interest.
We have a majority interest in the company.
We have lived in Osaka six years.
We are to meet at seven.
We are to meet at Yurakucho at seven.
We have dinner at seven.
We will start at a.m. on August 20.
We work from nine to five.
We are to meet at the station at nine.
We purchased 10,shares of the General Motors stock.
We are to take an exam tomorrow.
We picked apples so as to make a pie.
We will do anything for you.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We would like you to come to our party.
We have to demand a large amount of money of you.
We don't feel hostile toward you.
We are sorry we can't help you.
We are anxious about your health.
We depend on you.
We bought a camera, a clock and some dishes in that store.
We rented an apartment.
We usually connect Americans with freedom.
We are thinking of buying some new furniture.
Whenever we met, we never agreed on anything.
How long can we hold out against the superior enemy attacks?
We do not always take his advice.
We played many kinds of games.
We eat many kinds of food.
We grow a variety of crops.
We must think about recycling energy.
We rode in an elevator.
We stayed at our uncle's.
We need the money.
We aided him with money.
We competed with each other for the prize.
We don't get on well with each other.
We rented a canoe.
We were very impressed by his new book.
We had a narrow escape.
We were involved in a petty argument.
We went up the mountain by cable car.
We lead a very ordinary life.
We are apt to forget this fact.
We got this chair free.
We had hoped to go abroad this summer.
We have decided to climb Mt. Fuji this summer.
We live about three miles above this bridge.
We concede your right to this property.
Last summer we went to Hokkaido.
We can solve this problem easily.
We are building your house in compliance with your wishes.
We enjoyed watching a circus parade.
We ate with chopsticks in restrained silence.
We elected Jack chairman.
We regard John as our leader.
We had a splendid holiday in Sweden.
We went to the mountains to ski.
We started in no time.
We may as well start at once.
We must start at once.
We intended to start right away.
We thought it doubtful whether it would clear soon.
We're leaving here soon.
We had our photograph taken with a star player.
Forever we will change, forever we will learn.
We should do away with those bad customs.
We took a taxi so as to get there on time.
We got there at the same time.
We went to the stadium, where we enjoyed the exciting game.
We beat that team by 2-0.
We happened to be in Hokkaido then.
We telegraphed him the news.
We were present at the dedication ceremony of the building.
We must make the best of the small room.
We admired the beauty of the scenery.
We carried out that plan.
We were entirely deceived by the advertisement.
We were excited as we watched the game.
We need to review the case.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
We bought the car for $12,000.
We booked seats for the play.
We read the letter again and again.
We heard the boy playing the violin.
We made the boy our guide.
We are familiar with the name of the place.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
We sniffed at the food suspiciously.
We should hold some of food in reserve.
We know him.
We estimated the damage at dollars.
We walked along the road.
We call the cat Madonna.
We went aboard the plane.
We complained that the room was cold.
We must think over the issues carefully.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
The issue is quite familiar to us.
We discussed the problem at length.
We'll have to try and make the best of it.
We may as well keep it a secret.
What reason did he give for being so late?
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We have a high regard for Professor Turner.
We spend piles of money on the things we don't really use.
We happened to meet at the station.
It happened that we were on the same bus.
We happened to take the same train.
We've just finished breakfast.
At last, we reached the summit.
We treated him in the politest manner possible.
They were playing tennis.
We watched a baseball game on television.
We managed to get there on time.
We managed to get it back without her knowing.
We make it a rule to get together at intervals.
We sometimes lack patience with old people.
Everywhere we went, we enjoyed ourselves a lot.
We didn't know which car we should get in.
We look up to Tom as our leader.
We shouldn't make fun of anybody or anything.
What was it that we were told to do?
We must make up for the loss in some way.
We were taught that Newton discovered the law of gravity.
We played a lot of games at the party.
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.
We invited a novelist and poet to the party.
We ran and ran so as to catch the bus.
Must we take the bus?
We saw the parade move down the street.
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
We adore going on picnics.
We abandoned the plan to go on a picnic.
We were caught in a shower while we were on a picnic.
We are badly in want of water.
We enjoyed playing football.
We learned why the French Revolution broke out.
We are looking for someone who is proficient in French.
We should back him up so as to make the project a success.
We listened to the bell ring.
We crossed the river by boat.
We aren't very hungry yet.
We are not on the telephone yet.
We are all eager to see the movie.
We all thought it difficult to execute the plan.
We all have our tasks to perform.
We all learn by experience.
We all know that no one is perfect.
We are eight altogether.
We all took for granted that the professor could speak English.
We are all supposed to know the traffic rules.
All of us are happy.
All of us aim at success.
We all like him.
We all laughed at his joke.
We are all accustomed to working late at night.
We're all linked in friendship.
We must be going now.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
We ought to be more interested in environmental issues.
We must treasure nature more.
Should we get up earlier?
We should have been more careful.
We managed to swim across the river.
We enjoyed good music to the full.
We used to discuss politics far into the night.
I wasn't listening to the radio.
We are giving a dinner for her at the restaurant.
We are going to rent a car by the hour.
We had a heavy fog in London.
She was sorry to hear the bad news.
We have different ways of thinking.
We went on a picnic together.
We remembered the old days when we had played together.
We named our only son Tom after my grandfather.
It is necessary that we should study hard.
We kept discussing the problem all night.
We shall go when the rain ceases.
We could not go there because of the rain.
We were examined in English.
We call our English teacher E.T.
We study English, and that subject is important today.
We can call English an international language.
We have been studying English for three years.
We have little opportunity to use English.
We studied English.
We are to meet at the station at seven.
We left the station and walked along the street until we came to a small hotel which Sam knew about.
We caught sight of a ship in the distance.
We encountered him in a distant town.
We saw smoke in the distance.
We did the sights of Yokohama.
We have learned much about survival from lower forms of animal life.
We saw nothing strange.
We can not dispense with sleep for too many days.
We soon recognized each other, although we had not met for years.
We had a chat about our plans for the summer vacation.
We should've stayed at home.
We'll eat lunch after we get home.
We must not keep the fire burning.
We should provide against fires.
We can never get rid of the past.
We extended the meeting another minutes.
We suspected our cashier of stealing the funds.
We mended some broken chairs.
We came in view of the sea.
We like swimming in the ocean.
We lived close by the sea.
We came in sight of the sea.
We had a glorious time at the seaside.
We spent our holiday at the seaside.
We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside.
We were all astonished to hear the news.
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public.
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
We tend to use English when we see a foreigner.
We aren't used to being spoken to by a foreigner.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
I study English at school.
We may be late for school.
We ran for the glory of the school.
We must pay attention to environmental problems.
We protected ourselves against danger.
We have some plans in view.
We surveyed the view from the top of the hill.
We stayed at my aunt's during the vacation.
We hurried, so we didn't miss the last bus.
We're in a hurry.
We were in London last winter.
We were in the first year of middle school last year.
We blew up a huge rock with dynamite.
We cut away all the grass and weeds around the church.
We made the best of our small room.
We should keep up friendly relations with neighboring countries.
It isn't as if we were rich.
Can we find joy in spite of suffering and death?
We cannot live without air and water.
We hurried to the airport, but we missed the plane.
It chanced that we were both traveling on the same train.
It happened that we met the owner of the flat.
We happened to get on the same bus.
We happened to be on the same train.
We have been waiting for hours for you to arrive.
We hope that you will succeed.
We learn much by experience.
We'd better call the police.
We couldn't play outdoors because of the intense heat.
We have been married for three years.
We meet here once a month.
We have to cut down our monthly expenses.
We are in good condition.
We must be healthy.
We cannot hope for success in life unless we are in good health.
We should substitute margarine for butter for our health.
When we are in good health, we are apt to forget its value.
We hid behind a bush so that no one would see us.
We saw a stranger walking outside.
We must think about peaceful uses of atomic energy.
We can make peaceful use of atomic energy.
We are living in the age of nuclear power.
We get the materials from Malaysia.
We express our thoughts by means of language.
We had a good time in the open air.
We made our way towards our hometown.
We are dependent on each other.
We got up at four in the morning.
We took turns driving.
We cleaned the room in turn.
We alternated with each other in driving the car.
We took turns in washing the car.
We eat with our mouths.
We sat down face to face.
We exulted at our good fortune.
We seek happiness.
We discussed a wide range of topics.
We want to modify the regulations of our school.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.
We live in the suburbs.
We want to be international.
We must rid the nation of drugs.
We have to make the best of what we have.
We are just going to leave.
We are going to visit our uncle next Sunday.
We are going to visit our aunt next Sunday.
We're going to have a test today.
We are going to travel abroad this summer.
We are in a difficult situation.
We had better sit down here.
We took the shortest way to the station.
We provide for disaster.
We decided to cease financial support.
We went swimming in the river yesterday.
We got to London yesterday.
We climbed the mountain last year.
We had a party last night.
We called on him last night.
We walked three abreast.
We reached the top of the mountain.
We broke down what little resistance remained.
We looked for the boy and his bicycle that had disappeared.
We adopted a child.
We climbed high enough to see the whole city.
We make lots of things out of paper.
We are studying hard in preparation for the exams.
We had better begin to prepare for the test.
We set the time and date for the game.
We call on her now and again.
We played cards to kill time.
We must keep up with the time.
We used the computer in order to save time.
We must keep in touch with the times.
We are to be married next Sunday.
We should place much value on the environment.
We love our children.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
We should tell children how to protect themselves.
We stand against free trade.
We are used to eating plain food.
We were disappointed with the results of the experiment.
We went to the park to take pictures.
We want a car.
We are distinct from each other in taste.
We pay an income tax at varying rates according to the size of income.
We learn English three hours a week.
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
We are asked to introduce ourselves in turn.
We introduced ourselves in turn.
We were waiting for a sight of the Queen.
We like to look feminine.
We are concerned about the shortage of the commodities.
We ran off copies of the invitation.
We went on board a ship.
We hardly had time to eat our dinner.
We are comfortable in our new house.
We got on the bus at Shinjuku.
We went on a picnic to the woods.
We talked seriously to one another.
We want to know the facts.
We lost sight of Jim in the crowd.
We cannot do without water even for a day.
We are working for world peace.
We had lunch at noon.
We took lunch at noon.
Must we dress up?
We cannot avoid cutting down our living expenses.
We have a legal obligation to pay our taxes.
We used to play games like tag.
We were looking at the fire burning brightly.
We got lost in the snow.
We are teachers.
We call our teacher "Doraemon" because he's fat.
We gathered around the teacher.
We have respect for our teacher.
We called on our English teacher the other day.
We plunged into the river.
We went swimming in the river.
We went to see the cherry blossoms along the river.
We took a walk along the riverbank.
We are eleven in all.
We held our breath and waited for the result of the experiment.
We estimated the losses as exactly as possible.
We have supplied the villagers with food.
We are all foreigners in other countries.
Since we can expect no help from others, let's try to do our best.
We are apt to speak ill of others.
We should feel for the pains of others.
We are more or less related to society.
We can study English in many ways.
We are in danger of making life impossible for a large number of animal species.
We must allow for some delays.
We enjoyed a long voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
We take the blessing of the sun for granted.
We must clean up the kitchen.
We got our roof blown off in the typhoon.
We all laughed and laughed.
We flew nonstop from Osaka to Los Angeles.
We kept standing all the way to Osaka.
We need somebody with bold new ideas.
Everyone of us is responsible for his own conduct.
We were forced to back out of a contract due to the earthquake.
We dug a hole in the ground.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
We had been waiting since morning, but he didn't come after all.
We put up at a small hotel on the edge of the town.
We have been on bad terms with each other for a long time.
We waited in the park for a long time.
We were watching the bird eat the crumbs; then I sneezed, and he was gone in a flash.
We lost no time in sending him to the hospital.
As a rule, we have three meals a day.
We make it a rule to get together at regular intervals.
We picked flowers in the garden.
We ran after the thief.
We spent a quiet day in the country.
We climbed on, till we got to the top.
We ran out of gas on our way there.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We often went skiing in winter.
We took a plane from Tokyo to Sapporo.
We closed the discussion.
We have a 50% interest in the company.
We came to a turn in the road.
We had to drive slowly all the way.
We lost our way and did not know what to do.
It seems that we have lost our way.
We enjoy reading books.
We traveled in South America.
We extended a wire between two posts.
We got up early so that we could see the sunrise.
We got up early in order to see the sunrise.
We started before sunrise.
We had a rest in the shade.
We go to school every day except on Sundays.
We play on Sunday.
We ran after the cat.
We carry out some research into the causes of brain damage.
We're as good as ruined.
We told our bus guide that we preferred to go shopping.
We heard the bomb go off.
We followed the tracks of the criminal.
We must promote sales.
We are having ten guests at the dinner party.
We are apt to watch TV, irrespective of what program is on.
We are babies in his eyes.
We persuaded him to change his mind.
We waited for him to turn up.
We will start when he comes.
We got him to carry our bag.
We asked him to come again.
We told a lie to him, and hurt him.
We tried to restrain him from his reckless action.
We'd like him to win the game.
We presented a watch to him.
We couldn't convince him of his mistakes.
We had our photo taken by him.
We fixed him!
We entered the room after him.
We lamented his death.
We'll have to be careful not to play into his hands.
We couldn't help laughing at his joke.
We are sure of his success.
We were astonished by his bold attempt.
We marveled at his bold attempt.
We celebrated his birthday.
We took notice of his remark.
We must allow for his poor health.
His name is familiar to us.
We could not help laughing at his story.
We advised them to start early.
We watched them play baseball.
We are on good terms with them.
We provided food and clothes for them.
We laughed at their opposition.
We did our best to help them.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
We took him for an American.
We call him Mike.
We recommended him as chairman.
We made him cry.
We counted him a rich man.
We believe him honest.
We persuaded him not to go.
We have to wait for him.
We usually call him Toshi.
We saw her enter the park.
We were disappointed at her absence.
We shouted for help, but no one came.
We sang for her.
We visited her house, where we had a Christmas party.
We were alarmed at her cry.
We flattered her on her cooking.
We have a few surprises in store for her.
We looked for her.
We may have to go without her.
We danced to the music for hours until we were all exhausted.
The flight took us ten hours.
We stood looking at the beautiful scenery.
We tried to come up to the standard.
We walked across the ice.
We are husband and wife.
We climbed to the top of Mt. Fuji.
We usually walk to school.
All of us were busy cleaning the room.
We must see things as they are.
We long for peace.
We hope for peace.
We walked along side by side.
We live on rice.
We sang as we walked.
We started to walk.
We always talked about a lot of things after school.
We clean our classroom after school.
We ought to obey the law.
We are so busy we'd take any help we could get.
We derive a lot of pleasure from books.
We must get down to our homework.
We can get a weather bulletin every day.
We celebrate Christmas every year.
We have supper at six every evening.
We watch television every evening.
Everything is well with us.
We are to have a garden party tomorrow.
We will visit Mr Smith tomorrow.
We are to meet again at the park tomorrow afternoon.
We start for Osaka tomorrow morning.
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.
We're going to play baseball tomorrow.
We talked the night away.
We must get up at dawn.
We had a party in the open.
We defeated them in baseball.
We had a conversation about baseball.
We put off our baseball game for two days.
We enjoyed playing baseball.
We waved flags to welcome members of our baseball team.
We should not take advantage of the generosity of a friend.
We went to the park to play.
We are invited to dinner.
We sang, danced and chatted after dinner.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
We are going on a journey next month.
We will have been married for ten years on this day next week.
We are supposed to have a meeting this day week.
We are looking forward to going on a hike next week.
We cooked egg dishes.
Our parents should be taken care of.
We are next-door neighbors.
His advice to us was that we should play fair.
Not all of us went to the Sapporo Snow Festival.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
We were young once, weren't we, Linda?
We all have passed the test.
We two became acquainted at a party.
Six of us are going on an excursion to the beach this weekend.
You as well as I are wrong.
I expected him to offer some help.
I traveled at my own expense.
The private detectives accompanied the President everywhere.
How is it in a private school?
The number of private colleges has increased.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
I don't know how to operate a spinning wheel.
I need some paper.
There is very little paper left, so order some more.
May I use a pencil and some paper?
The paper was blotted with ink.
I filled in my name on the paper.
Draw a line on the paper.
Draw a line on your paper.
Paper burns easily.
Paper catches fire easily.
Paper burns quickly.
Paper was invented by the Chinese.
Paper is made from wood.
A stapler is very useful for attaching papers together.
Give me a piece of paper.
May I use some paper?
Please fetch me a piece of paper.
Can I have a paper bag?
I made a paper plane.
The paper plane fell slowly to earth.
I had to leave out this problem for lack of space.
A purple carpet will not go with this red curtain.
The sudden increase of ultraviolet rays made the researchers believe in the existence of ozone holes.
Ultraviolet rays are harmful to us.
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.
You had better cut out the fat.
Would you please answer as soon as you can?
An urgent telegram brought her hurrying back to Tokyo.
I have something to tell him quickly.
The bliss was often interrupted by anxiety.
The eyes themselves can become selective, ignoring part of what is there, and the brain sometimes insists on seeing things that don't exist at all.
Sight is one of the five senses.
I'm afraid my visual field has narrowed.
My eyesight is getting worse.
Poor sight is a handicap to an athlete.
My eyesight is beginning to fail.
I have poor eyesight.
I have normal eyesight.
I have good eyesight.
If you start to go blind, just give a shout.
Please check my vision.
I'll check your vision.
I have some damage to my vision.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best mind.
I don't give a damn about poetry.
How do you interpret these lines of the poem?
Poetry helps to interpret life.
Poetry is a search for the inexplicable.
Poetry is not in his line.
The crop suffered serious damage as a consequence of the early frost.
Learning poetry is a good discipline for the memory.
It is difficult to translate a poem into another language.
Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
The scientist has a love of facts, even isolated facts, similar to the poet's love of words.
The poet Keats belongs to the Romantic school.
The poet and scholar is dead.
As a poet, he flowered in his twenties.
Poets often compare death to sleep.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
Poets write poems.
Poets have compared life to a voyage.
Unfortunately the poet died in his youth.
Tests showed that Alex wasn't just mimicking.
Let's have a go at it.
I tried writing with my left hand.
The attempts were for the most part unsuccessful.
All the vehicles behaved well on their test runs.
Success in exams doesn't mean a thing to her.
The examination is close at hand.
When I can get through my exams, I will take a long vacation.
The examination is drawing nearer.
If it were not for examinations, our school life would be happier.
But for exams, our school life would be more fun.
If it were not for exams, we would be happy.
I was at ease after all the exams were over.
The examination is approaching.
The students went at their work as the examinations approached.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
We felt happy when the examination was over.
I felt like singing loudly when the exam was over.
The examination is near at hand.
I will do well on the test.
Shizuko cheated in an examination and received an appropriate punishment.
Don't you think it's wrong to cheat on an examination?
We all consider it wrong to cheat in an examination.
I feel ashamed that I got such bad marks in the examination.
I made a good shot at the exam.
You must be careful when you write answers in a test.
How did the exam go?
I wish there were no examination.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Because I passed the examination.
I congratulate you on passing the examination.
You need not work so hard in order to pass the examination.
I must work hard to pass the test.
Study to pass the exam.
I'll do my best to pass the examination.
I'm confident of passing the examination.
I was able to pass the exam.
He failed the exam.
You needn't be ashamed because you failed the exam.
It is up to you whether you pass the examination or not.
I studied really hard so as to pass the exam.
I passed the examination, and I'm going to be an honor student.
You have to get marks to pass the exam.
Study hard so that you can pass the exam.
You'd better revise history for the exam.
The names of the students who failed in the examination were posted on the bulletin board.
Failing the examination means waiting for another year.
I'm preoccupied with the exam.
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
The examination compelled me to study hard.
I'll let you know the results of the examination after they are announced.
I can't ask for the test results. I'm too terrified to hear them.
He said that he would let us know later about the results of the examination.
The result of my exams was not what I had expected.
Don't worry about the results of your test.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
Your success in the examination depends on how hard you study.
She was very down because of the exam result.
What grade did you get on the test?
He's anxious about his examination result.
The date of the examination clashed with my sister's wedding.
How did you do on your exam?
The examination is at hand.
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
Examinations interfere with the real meaning of education.
Examinations interfere with the real purpose of education.
The examination begins next Monday.
Did you do well in the exam?
All the exams are now behind us.
The examinations are all over.
Examinations pose a big problem.
The examinations will begin on Monday next week.
There is only a week left before the examination.
The student who finishes an examination first does not necessarily get the best grade.
After finishing his examinations, my brother is enjoying skiing to his heart's content.
When he took the exam, he tried hard but failed it.
In addition to taking the tests, we have to hand in an essay.
He failed to take the exam.
If I can get through with my exams, I'll take a long vacation.
I'm very busy with the examination just before me.
Cross out any words that you do not wish the examiner to read.
Although I broke test tubes and played about with chemicals for fun, I did occasionally manage to obey the teacher's instructions as well; repeating experiments that others had long ago undertaken.
We need to make inquiries about the date of the examination.
Before the exam, he began to study in earnest.
You cannot work too hard before examinations.
During the test, she felt very sick, so she got a pass to go to the toilet.
Some of the college students who are caught cheating on the exams do not even blush.
It was tough going during the exams.
How many lessons is the examination going to cover?
I have to prepare for the test.
Through trial and error, he found the right answer by chance.
Trial and error is essential to progress.
The game was postponed due to rain.
The game had hardly started when they scored the first point.
As soon as the game started, it began to rain.
I was impatient for the game to start.
When the bell rings, he'll start strong and Luciano will lose quickly.
How about a drink after the game?
It is hard to win four successive games.
Winning the competition is important. However, fair play is more important. You need to understand that winning is not the most important thing.
Whether you win or lose, you must play fair.
They can't have lost the game.
Little did they dream of losing the game.
I watched TV during my breaks.
Interest in the game has dropped off.
Have you heard about the result of the game?
The game's outcome hangs on his performance.
Let's stay until the end of the game.
I always get nervous just before a match.
The game ended at nine o'clock.
The game ended in a victory for B school, which was quite contrary to predictions.
A game will be probably called off.
The game became exciting.
The game was drawn.
The game was rained out.
The game was put off because of rain.
The game will be held even if it rains.
The game came to a climax.
The game was drawing to an end.
The game was one point back and forth the whole game.
The game will be held rain or shine.
The match had to be called off because of the freezing weather.
The match ended in victory for him.
The game was put off until next week.
The game may have been put off till next week.
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
The play begins at p.m.
At the games they were sold by men who kept them warm in hot-water tanks.
I'd like to try this on.
Follow me to a fitting room.
Where is the changing room?
The fitting room is being used now.
You don't have to worry about funds.
There is no need to worry about funds.
Money lenders are enjoying a profitable period.
The money was enough to establish him in business.
I raise funds.
Our future will be full of difficulties because of lack of funds.
Owing to a shortage of funds, our project failed.
By and large his experiment was successful despite his lack of money.
We will have to stop this project for want of funds.
Our plan failed because of the shortage of funds.
What's included under assets?
A man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax.
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
Capital-intensive industries are not necessarily knowledge-intensive industries.
In the absence of sufficient data, the survey was given up.
What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Cows supply milk.
She will seize us, and, instead of finding happiness, we shall perish, and all for nothing.
You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
I tried to take our dog out of our house.
Our cat's fur has lost its luster.
One of my teeth came out.
I have a terrible toothache.
I've got a toothache.
I've got a toothache. The pain is killing me.
A toothache deprived me of sleep.
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
His teeth had gaps.
How much will it cost to get a dental cleaning?
I'd like to make an appointment for a cleaning.
I'll take some X-rays of your teeth.
We must always keep our teeth clean.
I had to have two fillings.
Clench your teeth together, please.
If we care for our teeth we won't have cavities.
You must keep your teeth clean.
Brush your teeth clean.
Bite together, please.
Clench your teeth, please.
I had a tooth pulled.
Did you brush your teeth?
I have to brush my teeth.
The dentist treated my teeth.
Can the dentist see me today?
According to dentists, decayed teeth are not always caused by sweets.
I've got to see a dentist.
Why have you delayed seeing the dentist?
I've been to the dentist.
You had better go to the dentist to have that tooth pulled out.
I can't come up with a good excuse for being late for the dentist.
The dentist doesn't want you to eat sweets.
The dentist pulled out my decayed tooth by force.
The dentist pulled my bad tooth.
The dentist pulled out his decayed tooth.
You had better go to the dentist's.
The dentist pulled out her bad tooth.
I'll take an impression of your teeth.
My gums are swollen.
I have pus coming out of my gums.
Do your gums bleed?
I have bleeding gums.
You have a gum infection.
I think I have a gum infection.
Does anything touch your gums?
Your gums are in bad shape.
I think I have a lot of plaque build up.
The plaque has to be removed.
The cog-wheels are in gear.
I think I have a lot of tartar.
The tartar has to be removed.
Please remove the tartar from my teeth.
I have pyorrhea.
The toothache made his face swell up.
I have crooked teeth.
I would like to have my teeth straightened.
Where's the toothpaste?
Brush your teeth.
The boy had bad teeth because he neglected to brush them.
Where can I find toothpaste?
I think I need braces.
I'd like to have a consultation about getting braces.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
I am playing it safe.
I blinked in amazement at the unexpected development.
You can't say anything till you know the circumstances.
What's the story?
The truth of the matter gradually dawned on me.
The truth of the matter is dawning on him.
Few know the truth of the matter.
It goes back, Personnel Officer Paula Grayson told us, to the way many employers used to pay their employees a hundred years ago.
He failed in business.
He tried to seem calm but his trembling hands betrayed him.
He appealed to lack of funds as a reason for the failure of his enterprise.
Its business is advancing quite well.
Don't talk to others during the class.
Did you happen to be present when the accident happened?
You may as well know the truth of the matter.
Give us a true account of what happened.
There seemed to be several explanations of the case, but the police hit on the right one the first time.
There must be something at the back of the matter.
The event came about like this.
Which judge heard the case?
The politician didn't appear in public after the incident.
There's been an accident.
There's been an accident. A man is hurt. He's bleeding badly.
Medical help arrives promptly after an accident.
Do you know how the accident happened?
We'll be home by sunset barring accidents.
The crossroads where the accident happened is near here.
We cannot rule out the possibility of an accident.
The accident happened, but they couldn't help it.
An accident just happened.
In case there is an accident, report it to me at once.
For fear of accidents, please drive slowly.
As soon as the accident occurred, a police car rushed to the scene.
Guard against accidents.
All the traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident.
Traffic was halted for several hours.
I got my left arm hurt in the accident.
My car was badly damaged in the accident.
I know you're complaining about your car being totaled but it's just a good thing you weren't injured. You should be thankful to be alive.
He went blind from the accident.
I didn't have any accidents or other problems.
I just had an accident.
He worked hard none the worse for the accident.
His account of the accident accords with yours.
There's been a flood of inquiries about the accident.
After the accident, the car lay in the street upside down.
After the accident, he was banned from driving.
She stopped appearing in public after her accident.
The accident taught me to be careful.
Thank you for not blaming me for the accident.
You had better not tell your father about the accident.
The accident held up traffic.
The accident robbed him of his sight.
On account of an accident, I was late for school.
The accident prevented him from coming.
The news of the accident was only too true.
An accident delayed us for half an hour.
The cause of the accident is still under investigation.
The cause of the accident is not known to us.
The cause of the accident is a complete mystery.
The cause of the accident was being investigated by the police.
The cause of the accident is unknown.
We are looking into the cause of the accident.
After the accident, the injured people were taken to the hospital.
After the accident, the police told the crowd to keep back.
Shortly after the accident, the police came.
Have you heard about the accident?
Am I fully covered in case of an accident?
Accidents have increased in number.
It was you that was responsible for the accident.
There are no witnesses of the accident.
An accident is often brought about by a bit of carelessness.
The accident took place near that intersection.
An accident may happen at any time.
Accidents often result from carelessness.
An accident only takes a second, but an accident could get you into debt for life. I think I'll just walk.
The accident was caused by an error on the part of the driver.
Accidents will happen when we are off guard.
Instead of fewer accidents there are more.
Accidents will happen when they are least expected.
The accident was a strong argument for new safety measures.
The accident happened all of a sudden.
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.
The accident bereaved her of her son.
Accidents are inevitable.
Accidents arise from carelessness.
An accident often comes of carelessness.
You might have an accident.
She cursed him for causing the accident.
It was there that I saw the accident.
The cause of the accident is still obscure.
In fact, there is a joke about passport photos: If you really look like the picture in your passport, you certainly need a vacation!
In fact, the sea has already risen centimeters since the beginning of this century.
Explain the fact as clearly as possible.
You have to distinguish fact from fiction.
We should acquaint ourselves with the facts.
Facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
Facts are to science what words are to the poets.
Fact is stranger than fiction.
The fact is that he did not notice the difference.
The truth is that she was not there.
It fairly took time to explain the fact.
A person who makes an easy matter sound difficult does not seem to be so smart.
Circumstances forced us to cancel our appointment.
Circumstances do not allow me to say any more.
Due to circumstances, I gave up the idea of going to university.
We suggest you adjust your records accordingly.
We want a man who knows what the score is.
This is the case.
You'd better consult an attorney beforehand.
We'd better make a reservation beforehand.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
If things get out of hand, you should call me at the number I gave you yesterday.
The situation calls for our cool judgement.
Matters are becoming worse.
The matter is really pressing.
The situation has evolved into a more complex problem.
That is the way things went for a while.
The situation seemed to call for immediate action.
The situation is better, if anything.
Matters are getting worse and worse.
The situation is still capable of improvement.
The situation is improving, so cheer up!
I thought things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I hoped things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I am afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
There's not a moment to waste.
He said that the matter was urgent, and that there was not a moment to lose.
There was a sudden change in the situation.
The outlook is grim.
My belief is that things will change for the better.
We expected that things would get better, but, as it is, they are getting worse.
The situation is bad enough as it is.
The situation hasn't changed at all.
You must let things take their own course.
The situation has changed dramatically.
The situation is very serious.
Discover a way around the situation.
Jim looked right and left before he crossed the road.
A clerk in the office is only a pawn in the game of big business.
The clerk made an entry in his ledger.
An office machine is cranking out a stream of documents.
The office telegraphed that they had not received my application.
The office is flooded with fan letters for him.
There are some children around the office.
I cooled my heels for one hour outside his office.
The office staff worked quickly and efficiently to resolve the problem.
Put on me to the office.
The office has been transferred up to the sixth floor.
I asked the solicitor to make out my will.
Please ask the secretary to stock the office supplies in the storage room.
As a similar feature it is noted that students engaged in fund-raising activities rarely contribute money they have earned themselves.
Like will to like.
Nothing really stands out.
The pupils are looking forward to the upcoming excursion.
Every child took to the new teacher.
Many child psychologists think that parents should play with their children more often and give them problems to think about.
You should not look down on her just because she writes a poor hand.
Leave more space between characters.
Please excuse my bad handwriting.
The devil lurks behind the cross.
The plants will revive after a good rain.
Giving such large contributions to charities made him feel that he had a feather in his cap.
Donations to philanthropic programs are tax-exempt.
He who carries nothing loses nothing.
For here, or to go?
Will you make it to take out?
I'd like to take that out, please.
If you're low on money, this one will be on me.
The owner sold the building for what he wanted.
Get your things together.
Don't leave your things behind.
Be sure to take all your belongings with you.
I gave him what books I had.
That stretches out ahead.
It is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry.
I had to remove some of the things I had.
Blessed are those who have no talent!
The more one has, the more one wants.
The more I get, the more I want.
Time crept on.
I think time will solve the problem.
As time goes on, grief fades away.
You will understand it as time passes.
As time went on, the sky grew darker and darker.
As time has passed; the problem has proved more serious.
She felt less sad as time passed.
He reflected on how quickly time passes.
Time will show which of us is right.
Time will tell which is right.
Only time will tell you if you're right.
Time is going by very quickly.
In the course of time, he changed his mind.
As time went on, people grew more and more concerned about the matter.
The problem came about as time passed.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
Time passes quickly.
As the situation is delicate, you should be careful of what you say.
Time cured her of her sorrow.
Everything will work out in due course.
Many are lost sheep at times.
You catch a big fish at times.
Time and thinking tame the strongest grief.
You must choose the second-best policy according to the circumstances.
Once in a while everything goes wrong.
Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
Sometimes I will be weak.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones's locker with his ship.
Sometimes reading took up half his time.
Sometimes I feel tired of walking.
Time goes by very quickly, doesn't it?
Time flies.
As time goes by.
On the wings of Time grief flies away.
Time is but the stream I go a fishing in.
It was about the tenth hour.
Time passes by quickly.
Time heals all wounds.
Time heals all broken hearts.
Time passed rapidly and the work didn't advance at all.
Time tames the strongest grief.
Time is the great healer.
Time reveals truth as well as falsehood.
One should bear in mind that time is money.
It goes without saying that time is money.
It is truly said that time is money.
An old proverb says that time is money.
Time goes by quickly.
Time goes very swiftly.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
I lost no time in doing it.
An ambulance arrived immediately.
If you have time, drop me a line now and then.
If you have a chance, please check your mailbox.
Come and see me if you have any time.
If I have time, I'll drop in.
Please come over if you have time.
I don't have much time, so I'm going to drop in at a fast-food restaurant.
Time is short, we must act NOW.
Better drop by his gallery if you have time.
If you have a minute, I'd like to talk to you about some problems.
If I were free, I would accept your invitation.
If I get time, I will.
I will call you up, provided that I have time.
As time went on, people grew less and less concerned about the matter.
As time went on, our hopes sank.
I took no note of the time.
Time went quickly.
I had so little time that I had to eat lunch in a hurry.
Not enough time to catch the last bus.
I am pressed for time.
Time is wasting.
Time is pressing every moment.
If I had had enough time, I could have seen more of London.
We ran out of time and had to cut short the interview.
Time is short and we must omit some of the speeches from the program.
I appreciate the lateness of the hour.
I didn't have much time so I just skimmed through the article.
Time is running out.
We ran out of time, so we had to cut our presentation short.
We walked about in the park to kill time.
I read a magazine to kill time.
Some read books to kill time.
Time is up. Hand in your papers.
Time runs on.
You're just on time.
Only a few people showed up on time.
I was lucky to be there on time.
He ran, so as to arrive on time.
Which is more valuable, time or money?
The waste of time and money is incredible.
Don't waste your time and money.
Make haste in case you are late.
In a time-bound society time is seen as linear- in other words as a straight line extending from the past, through the present, to the future.
Come and see me when you have time.
I'd like to make sure of the time.
What are the measures of time?
I spend half my time going out with her.
You're wasting your time.
Do you have much time to spare?
Since there wasn't much time to spare, she took a taxi.
The time is up to you.
We have all kinds of time.
I have plenty of time, but not enough money.
You must make the most of your time.
Time is more precious than anything else.
Time is the most precious thing.
Time is a precious thing, so we should make the best use of it.
Time is the most precious thing of all.
Time is allotted for work, recreation, and study.
I had enough time, so I didn't need to hurry.
We have enough time.
It is truly said that time is anger's medicine.
Nothing is more valuable than time, but nothing is less valued.
Nothing is so precious as time.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
Nothing is more important than time.
We won't be able to arrive home in time.
Are we likely to arrive in time?
We won't be able to arrive at the harbor in time. Let's take a shortcut.
Make good use of your time.
Take your time, or you may make some mistake.
Take your time over it.
Take the time to reflect.
Give me time.
Thank you very much for inviting me.
I'm killing time.
Let's stop wasting time and get on with this work.
Can you tell me the time?
Let's make use of our time wisely.
Punctuality is thought to be a matter of course in Europe and America.
Set the clock right.
Try to make the most of your time.
It is important that you should be punctual.
Can't you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
I used a computer in order to save time.
You must make much of time.
Let's economize on time.
Let's not waste time.
You must be careful not to waste time.
Let's hurry so as not to waste time.
He idles away his time.
Idling away your time is not good.
You have to beat the time.
Don't waste time.
You should not waste your time.
May I have a class schedule?
You won't get there on time.
I arrived at the station on time.
We have to be there on time, so don't stand me up tomorrow!
It's not too much to ask you to come to class on time.
I'm afraid I can't finish them in time.
Ursule asked for a pay raise of dollars and cents an hour yesterday.
How much is your hourly pay?
The clock struck ten.
He had just finished his homework when the clock struck ten.
The clock is ten minutes slow.
The clock says two.
As my watch was slow, I missed the special express.
The clock has just struck ten.
The clock has just struck three.
Something went wrong with my watch.
I'm afraid something is wrong with my watch.
My watch is broken, so I want a new one.
A clock stopped.
The clock has run down. I need new batteries.
My watch ran down and I didn't know the time.
My watch has run down.
The clock dictates man's movements.
A computer is no more alive than a clock is.
I asked him if he wanted a watch.
A clock must be above all correct.
A clock has two hands.
The clock has two hands, an hour hand and a minute hand.
I forgot to wind my watch up, so it stopped.
Something is the matter with my watch.
Put the clock right.
I am fixing the clock.
Don't turn the hands of a clock the other way around.
The clock is striking four.
The clock has already struck noon.
Clocks used to be wound every day.
The clock was working, but the alarm had not gone off.
He told me that he had lost his watch.
I lost the watch.
I looked at my watch and noted that it was past five.
Set the clock right. It's ten minutes fast.
I repaired the clock, it is now in order.
It cost me dollars to have my watch fixed.
I must get my watch repaired.
It is rather difficult to assemble a watch.
I must adjust my watch. It's slow.
We will set our watch by Japan Time.
Taking a watch apart is easier than putting it together.
When he lost his watch he didn't seem to care.
The timetable has been revised.
May I have a timetable?
Do you have a timetable?
May I see the timetable?
Could I see the timetable?
You can depend on the timetable to tell you when trains leave.
I hope you're prepared to communicate under these conditions, because e-mail is most effective and convenient when different time zones are taken into consideration.
Jet lag is more than just feeling tired - on top of that you just don't feel well.
I've got a bad case of jet lag.
At times I confuse "curve" with "carve".
Sometimes, father will ask me unexpectedly.
My dad drops in on me from time to time.
Sometimes I feel like kicking my own rump.
Once in a while my uncle took me to the harbor.
Sometimes, one of the politicians can be seen trying to keep the audience's opinions under control during televised debates.
Now and then I think of divorcing him.
At times, I can't trust him.
He sometimes feels like eating Japanese-style food.
I watch TV now and then.
Sometimes an Italian street musician came to town.
My temper sometimes gets the better of me.
I play golf every so often.
I sometimes see him on TV.
I watch TV off and on.
Sometimes Tony visited his family.
Please come to see me from time to time.
Please write to me once in a while.
Write to me sometimes and let me know how you are doing.
Remember me from time to time.
I sometimes suffer from pain in my lower back.
I sometimes go out for a walk.
At times we go for a drive.
Now and then, I looked up at the sky.
I get lonely at times.
You must sometimes write to me.
He sometimes affects indifference to what's happening around him.
Sometimes I get out of line.
I sometimes see him on the street.
Sometimes he acted as if he were my boss.
Sometimes he spends time by himself.
Sometimes he acts as if he were my boss.
Once in a while he tells strange things.
They sometimes play baseball.
Now and then she plays tennis.
She comes to see me from time to time.
Sometimes she tried talking to him about India.
Sometimes she was careless enough to lose her way.
Come and see me from time to time.
At times the train doesn't arrive on time.
Keep abreast with the times.
You had better read as many newspapers as you can so that you may not be left behind the times.
Read as many newspapers as you can so as to keep up with the times.
You should read the newspapers in order to keep up with the times.
You must read the newspaper so that you may keep up with the times.
Read newspapers at least lest you should be left behind the times.
It is necessary to keep up with the times.
Be sure to read the newspaper so as to keep pace with the times.
We are expecting an occasional rainfall.
At times I feel sad.
The meetings were held at intervals.
Other times, other manners.
Keep up with the times.
It is rather difficult for an old man to keep up with the times.
I bought a new computer to keep up with the times.
Read a newspaper to keep up with the times.
The sweep of the times is changing rapidly.
It's not easy to keep up with the times.
Times may change, but human nature stay the same.
The obsolete regime is about to collapse.
Next time I switch jobs, I need work that will let me make use of the experience I've gained up to now.
One failure followed another.
One difficulty after another arose.
The next is yours.
Next, we will talk to Ms. Pam Roland.
The following example of sick humor will enable you to judge for yourself.
I will tell him the news as soon as I see him.
Please tell me where to go next.
Tell us what to do next.
Then it draws more silky lines across these spokes, leaving a smooth, non-sticky patch in the middle of the web.
Then the guest of honor opens them and expresses his or her appreciation.
Drop in on us when you next visit London.
There is no telling what will happen next.
What happened next, I don't know.
There is no knowing what will happen next.
Nobody knows what will happen next.
There is no telling what may happen next.
Please tell us what to do next.
Ask him what to do next.
What we should do next is the question.
I have no idea what to do next.
What am I to do next?
It always thrills me to think of what she'll do next.
What to do next is the question.
We must consider what to do next.
Can you see what to do next?
What to do next is our question.
He didn't know what to do next.
I can't guess what to do next.
Will you tell me what I should do next?
The next time that I see you, you will be quite different.
Please call me when you come next.
What followed was unpleasant.
What happened next was terrible.
The next thing to be considered was food.
What town does the bus stop at next?
The next train to arrive was from Chicago.
I will spend next Sunday reading novels.
I will be at home when he comes next.
She went on to lay out two more parks in the town.
May I have your next dance?
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
Aren't you looking forward to your next chance to speak?
We hope the next years will be even more successful for all of us.
We'll have lived here for two years next April.
By next April will you have studied English for ten years?
Let's stop at the next gas station.
How many miles is it to the next gas station?
Turn left at the next corner.
We will have known each other for three years next Christmas.
The followings are the chief events of 1993.
Explain the following.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland for my next date with Jane.
How far is the next gas station?
Let's turn off at the next rest stop.
We may miss the next bus but at any rate we'll be there before midnight.
I'll take the next bus.
You would do well to make sure when the next bus starts.
The next bus came thirty minutes later.
Can you tell me when the next bus will arrive?
I had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus.
How long do I have to wait for the next bus?
We may as well walk as wait for the next bus.
You'd better wait for the next bus.
You have to change buses at the next stop.
The next Hikari arrives at 9:15.
Look at the next page.
When is your next train for Boston?
I'll ask you these questions.
Let us inform you that the following arrangements have been made.
Imagine a problem such as this: Suppose your brother has a car accident.
We'll note it in the following way.
Are you going to take part in the next race?
What time's the next train to Washington?
The following passage was quoted from a well-known fable.
I'm getting off at the next stop, please keep your seat.
You'll have to get off at the next station.
I'll get off at the next station.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
We'll change trains at the next station.
At the next station, nearly everyone got off the train.
Change trains at the next station.
When the next singer came on, it began to rain.
A notice about the next meeting was posted on the door.
We advanced the date of the meeting.
Please be advised that the next meeting will be held on April 15.
The next meeting will take place in a few days.
Please tell me when the next meeting will be held.
Let's kick it around at the next meeting.
Please advise me of the date for the next meeting.
We agreed on a date for the next meeting.
The next meeting will be on the tenth of June.
Turn right at the next corner.
Please set me down at the next corner.
I'll take a rain check on that.
The following descriptive analysis was derived from over closely-monitored questionnaires.
The next discussion concerns the transplantation of prenatal tissues.
We need to fill up at the next gas station.
Coming up next is "We are the world."
Please come next Friday.
I will be seeing her again next Friday.
Let's put off the meeting until next Friday.
The next train to the airport departs from platform 2.
We will have an English test next Monday.
Will I be able to see you next Monday?
You should receive the letter by next Monday.
Drive to the next intersection and make a left turn.
Turn right at the next crossing.
We will have lived here for a year next March.
By next April you will have studied English for ten years.
I ought to prepare for the next examination, but I just don't feel up to it now.
You had better prepare yourself for the next game.
Let me play the next game.
Next period I take an exam in German.
What is the next class?
Let us begin our analysis by positing the following question.
We must learn this poem by heart by the next lesson.
We all anticipate seeing you next weekend.
The next instant Hercules caught hold of the monster.
Study the next chapter.
What time is the next performance?
The next Shinkansen train leaves at just nine o'clock.
Let's look ahead to the next century.
He'll probably win in the next election.
In the next election, the Democratic Party is expected to get the better of the Republican Party.
What time does the airport bus leave?
I will be sixteen next birthday.
I said that I would be twenty next birthday.
The next stage was to enter a good arts school.
On the following day, we all had terrible hangovers.
The next morning found him dead in his bathroom.
You'll find our house at the end of the next street.
What is the next stop?
Get off at the next stop.
Get off at the next stop and take a bus headed to the airport.
I am going to get off at the next stop.
When does the next train leave?
They are the next to be on duty for taking care of the rabbits.
I want to introduce you to my parents next Saturday.
Let's clean the entire office next Saturday.
Please leave next Saturday afternoon free.
We must hand in a history paper by next Saturday.
The next day was Christmas Day.
The next day I came back, and I had a new waitress.
The next day, the cold was cured.
I will come to see you next Sunday.
How about holding a barbecue party next Sunday?
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
Keep next Sunday free.
I will have been staying in this hotel for one month next Sunday.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
Where would you like to go next Sunday?
I am looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
She suggested that we go shopping to Motomachi next Sunday.
Shall I come next Sunday?
What do you say to going on a hike next Sunday?
I wonder if you'd like to go out with me this Sunday.
Next year my birthday will fall on Sunday.
The next night I came and I had the same new waitress.
Ask him when the next plane leaves.
Correct the following sentences.
Put the following sentences into English.
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
He will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
Put the following sentences into Japanese.
There is a canceled seat available on the next flight.
Is it possible to get on the next flight?
Next person, please.
He proceeded to the next question.
Make another appointment at the front desk.
Can you come at ten on May second?
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
Tell me the exact time when the next train will arrive.
The next train will be less crowded than this one.
There was a two hour's interval to the next train.
We have a little time before the next train.
When shall we get together next?
When should I come again?
Better luck next time.
Please show me what to do next.
Where would you like to go next?
Which game shall we play next?
I expect to sing better next time.
Let me treat you next time, then.
It's your turn next.
My turn comes next.
Next time phone ahead.
Try and do better next time.
Do a better job next time.
Would you mind coming earlier next time?
I hope to visit Nara next time.
Next time bring me that book without fail!
We'll meet next time at ten o'clock, June the first, next year.
The next issue will feature articles on divorce.
One event followed another.
One after another the animals died.
We can see more and more swallows.
More and more physicians have begun to use the new medicines.
Come on, Jiro.
Jiro communicates with his pen pal in Australia.
Jiro doesn't have to go to school today.
Jiro finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
Jiro wants to drink Coke.
Jiro could not act otherwise.
Jiro has not come back from New York yet.
Jiro advised me on which book to buy.
Jiro made a sketch of Mt. Fuji.
Jiro gave his suit a quick brush.
Jiro is indifferent about clothing.
Jiro seems to have missed the train.
It will take a while to go away.
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
Prevention is better than cure.
I have hemorrhoids.
Compass needles point to the north.
A magnet attracts iron.
My earwax got very hard.
I can't remove my earwax.
What do you use to pick wax out of your ears?
I have an ear infection.
I have an itch in my ear.
My ears are frostbitten.
My ears feel plugged up.
My ears burn.
I have an earache.
I'm sick of hearing it.
I often have ear infections.
Deaf people can talk in sign language.
Would you like your ears to show?
He was deaf, too.
I listened but couldn't make out what they were saying.
I cannot choose but hear.
I'd like it above my ears.
I listened, but I heard nothing.
Lend me your ears!
I've got an attractive proposition for you.
You've told me something.
Don't buzz about my ears.
I want the wax cleaned from my ears.
I hear a noise offensive to the ear.
I have a ringing in my ears.
My ear is ringing.
Confess himself to be a spy.
I hate myself for my own error.
You should carry out your duty.
He grieved over his failures.
He is digging his own grave.
Volunteers collected donations for the benefit of the handicapped.
I prefer to work on my own.
This may sound like blowing my own horn, but ...
When you paint a self-portrait, you sit staring hard at yourself.
Keep to your own line.
Don't be overconfident.
Be your own person and don't imitate others.
Would you introduce yourself?
May I introduce myself to you?
May I introduce myself?
He is a self-oriented person.
We cannot know too much about our own language.
Suicide is a desperate act.
Proper praise stinks.
Self-praise is no recommendation.
Self-help is the best help.
Have confidence. You can do it.
Don't lose confidence, Mike.
You should beware of overconfidence.
Try to control yourself.
You must learn to govern your temper.
She got it at her own expense.
Don't take it for granted that the nature is always there to help us.
Nature provides them with the means of survival.
It'll cure itself naturally.
Japanese people are fortunate to live in a land with natural hot springs.
A book descriptive of the wonders of nature.
The simple perception of natural forms is a delight.
There is nothing useless in nature.
You can't go against the laws of nature.
Nature provides other forms of protection against environmental dangers.
Nature is under attack on all fronts.
Nature plays an important role in our life.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments.
The balance of nature is very fragile.
Let's stop the deterioration of the natural environment.
Since many organizations are putting effort into recycling in order to restore the natural environment, why won't you contribute to reforestation?
A natural diet is suitable for human digestion.
Natural food is not always good for our digestion.
Natural food will do you good.
His pride did not allow him to take the money.
His pride would not brook such insults.
With a bicycle, I could reach your house in minutes.
My bicycle had a flat tire, so I missed the seven o'clock train.
My bicycle was stolen.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
I was thinking to go there by bike, but it began to rain.
I bike to work.
The boy riding a bicycle is my brother.
May I ride a bicycle?
I went out by bicycle.
You cannot be too careful in riding a bicycle.
I have to fix my flat tire before I can resume cycling.
Can't you ride a bicycle?
I had the brakes of my bicycle adjusted.
It's a dull job to clean a bike.
Two people riding on a bicycle at the same time is dangerous.
The bicycle is racing to finish.
The bike was mangled in its collision with the truck.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
Do you think I'll get the bike?
Please move your car out of here.
I got the bicycle at a bargain.
Don't leave the bicycle out in the rain.
I don't have a bicycle.
Don't you have a bicycle?
Do you have a bicycle?
May I borrow your bicycle?
May I borrow your bike?
It cost me 5,yen to repair my bicycle.
Will you lend me your bicycle?
I was asked to fix the bicycle.
Put away your bicycle.
He's so deep in debt that he has to get money from one person to cover his other debts.
In his autobiography, he repeatedly refers to his unhappy school days.
The automatic doors opened and Tom got in.
The cars collided head on.
The car is running fast.
Before automobiles filled out streets, city air used to be clean.
Automobiles replaced carriages.
It's fun to take a trip in an automobile.
An automobile has four wheels.
Wasn't he killed by a car?
Carriages gradually disappeared with the advent of the motorcar.
The number of automobiles has been increasing.
Automobile sales suffered a setback at the end of the financial year.
Auto imports will take a nose-dive in the first quarter.
The car just shaved the corner.
Cars are factory products, while foods are farm products.
Automobiles are made in factories.
The car made a turn to the left.
The automobile has changed our life.
Traffic and passers-by stopped as they were slowly seen off from the little village.
Look out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
Fasten your seat belts when you drive a car.
The car is waiting at the gate.
Competition is very keen in the car industry.
Many people will lose their jobs due to the slump in the auto industry.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
The scene of the traffic accident was a horrible sight.
The car crash was a bad experience for her.
Automobile production has peaked out.
Car manufacturing is carried out by computer-programmed robots in place of human workers.
The vending machines are over there.
Did you study by yourself?
She kneed me again, not even caring that she was hurt.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
Do as you would be done by.
He who thinks himself already too wise to learn from others will never succeed in doing anything.
I do not feel myself equal to the task.
I am uncertain as to whether I am the right person for the job.
Little did I think that I would win the prize.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
You always try to get what you want.
I can't conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
Not knowing where she was, she stopped and asked the way on the street.
Those men are rich who are contented with what they have.
Imagine yourself as a billionaire.
You've got to carry out your commitment at all costs.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
Instead, they live alone as long as they are able to take care of themselves.
Around his facts the scientist weaves a logical pattern or theory which gives the facts meaning, order, and significance.
Little did I think that I would win.
It is no use being a writer if one is not in sympathy with the world in which one is living.
I don't know the exact place that I was born.
I wish I were a stone.
We are not as happy or unhappy as we imagine ourselves to be.
It's hard to admit to yourself that you are a failure.
I was amazed to learn I had won.
I feel like another person.
You should do your best to carry out your promises.
Happy are those who think themselves wise.
You may think you are clever, but you cannot laugh at me because of that.
She obviously thought she was a good woman, but...
You shouldn't live merely in pursuit of your own happiness.
They don't see the extent to which they depend on others.
We discussed the matter among ourselves.
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.
Those guys are ruthless, covering up their tracks like that after all their wrongdoing.
We should be conscious of our shortcomings.
We want a house of our own.
We should keep ourselves clean.
You have to appear in person.
Do your own work.
Why not look into the matter yourself?
Solve the problem.
You must do it for yourself.
Do it yourself and that at once.
I was sure I understood it, but on thinking it over, I realized I didn't know at all.
I feel as if I were another person.
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman.
He fancies himself somebody.
Though he wouldn't admit it, he was very tired.
I am not certain what I have in mind myself.
I quite appreciate it.
You brought it on yourself.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
I prefer to do it on my own.
I know myself very well.
Don't use any words whose meanings you don't know well.
You have to make do with what you've got.
Not driving himself, he isn't familiar with cars.
He thinks it's safer to drive himself than to let me drive.
You should try to figure it out for yourself.
It is very important to think for yourself and to study.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like.
Instead of going himself, he sent his son to the political meeting.
I didn't make it myself.
Try it out yourself.
He has to burn his fingers.
He has to burn his fingers to learn.
You can read a lot more than you think you can.
If you make your own clothes, it will save you money.
Nothing gives us so much pleasure as making things ourselves.
I bought a word processor for making a book on my own.
Go tell him yourself.
As for myself, I am satisfied.
You must do what seems right to you.
Is she faultless herself?
I have no self-esteem.
Don't interfere with matters that do not concern you!
Any offence against himself he forgave readily.
I don't want to see my future after years.
She knows herself well.
Attend to your business alone!
I can take care of yours truly.
It is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself.
The pot can't call the kettle black.
You ought to answer for what you have done.
Reflect on what you have done.
I have my own stereo set.
She is vain about her slender figure.
He could not hide his disgust at the task he was to perform.
It is a worthy ambition to do well whatever one does.
One should always be careful in talking about one's finances.
All his geese are swans.
Put away your things.
You shouldn't impose your opinion on others.
Did you come here of your own free will?
I tried to make myself understood, but in vain.
We must read such books as will benefit us.
I'll try my luck.
I might as well kill myself as reconcile myself to my fate.
Happy is the man who is contented with his lot.
If you are to improve your English, you had better go to countries where it is spoken.
I am ashamed of myself for my poor English.
I wish I had a house of my own.
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
I don't want a Ferrari bad enough to sell my house to get one.
I attached my name-tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.
There is no need to be ashamed of confessing one's mistakes.
Why don't you admit your mistake?
Few politicians admit their mistakes.
It's time to reflect on your past.
It is time to reflect on your past.
Hey! Scott! Pay my bill!
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
You don't have to hide your feelings.
I cannot describe my feelings.
To stand in your own feet means to be independent.
You had better live on your salary.
I'm content with my salary.
I haven't a cent to my name.
The wearer knows best where the shoe pinches.
One is apt to forget his own faults.
Few people can realize their faults.
Few people will admit their faults.
We must take care of ourselves.
It goes without saying that those who are awake to their own rights must respect those of others.
Some people are good at remembering their dreams, others forget theirs.
I found it difficult to make myself understood.
You should be more sensitive to how people feel about your words.
One is responsible for one's own words.
You should stick to what you say.
It's necessary to make his language like other people's.
Develop your linguistic competence as much as possible.
It is important to know your own limitations.
Don't blame others for your own fault.
You can do it however you like.
I found no shoes completely to my taste.
Don't intrude your opinions on others.
It's not good to force our ideas on others.
It is sometimes very hard to put your idea across.
Don't press your opinion on me.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
When I think back on what I did, I feel pretty stupid.
You should be ashamed of your behavior.
He looked upon it as his duty to see to the welfare of the people on his land.
You should get acquainted with the history of your own country.
There is no one but loves his own country.
You should harmonize your ambitions with your abilities.
You should choose a job in relation to your talents and interests.
You should make the most of this rare opportunity to demonstrate your talent.
It won't do you any good to talk up your own work like that.
Go about your business!
I really love my work.
Give yourself to your work with body and soul.
Do you take pride in your work?
Put your heart into your business.
Apply yourself to your own work.
Have you finished your share of the work?
He didn't really like his job, but he owed money on his new house.
It is acceptable to mention your job and interests and to ask the other person about his, but be careful not to let the conversation become too personal.
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.
Look at yourself in the mirror.
There is no mother that doesn't love her children.
Don't compare your children with others.
Do be kind to your children!
I had enough to do to look after my own children.
It is only when you have your own children that you realize the trouble of parenthood.
He will try to have his own way.
I cannot look back on my adolescence without feeling depressed.
You must be careful of yourself.
Go about your business.
Show your own business.
Put your name on all your belongings.
Don't leave your stuff behind.
It's no use thinking about one's lost youth.
Don't accuse others for your own failure.
Don't blame others for your failure.
He came upon an old friend when he visited his club.
Who buys tickets to ride in their own motor car?
I acted up to my principles.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
Try to live within your income.
Do your homework for yourself.
One should do one's homework by oneself.
I would rather die than conceal my belief.
I'll stand up for what I believe in and won't yield to any threats.
I am thrilled with my new home.
You make your own life.
Do you ever feel like you're running down?
Do everything at your own risk.
You have to dig down and pay for it.
He cannot speak well that cannot hold his tongue.
What's in front of you?
It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
Some people live on their sons.
