To stand on your own feet means to be independent.
Many a reader skips the words that he doesn't know.
I gave my old clothes for the church flea market sale.
Having boasted how sure his hunches were, he was forced to eat his hat when he guessed wrong.
Tend to your own affairs.
You must fulfill your duty.
I have much confidence in my ability.
You must work according to your ability.
Albert is always trying his hand at something to test his own skill.
You are honest to admit your mistake.
Her conceit about her beauty annoyed many people.
He is reading a book in his room.
I always keep my room as tidy as I can.
Keep your room neat and tidy.
I want to keep my room as neat as possible.
Keep your room as neat as you can.
It is hard work to keep my room in proper order.
Having put his room in order, he went out.
Put your room in order.
Sweep my room.
Let me pay my share.
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
She didn't think her dream would ever come true.
Her eyes ran over the list to see if her name was on it.
He heard his name called.
I heard my name called from behind me.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
I scarcely believed my eyes.
Read such books as are useful to you.
You should be true to your word.
It's small of you to speak ill of your friends.
If you take a close look, you'll find that your friends and you have similar personalities.
He must be crazy to treat his parents like this.
The subject is out of his sphere.
I can do it alone.
He thought how foolish he had been.
She maintains her innocence.
Don't pick on younger kids.
She was hurt to find that nobody took any notice of her.
You shouldn't let people use you like that.
There is no man but loves himself.
Don't sell yourself short.
He thinks himself to be somebody.
Who do you think you are, to look at me like this?
No one likes being thought a fool.
You don't have to kick yourself.
Do good to those who hate you.
Respect yourself.
It is difficult to know oneself.
Don't be ashamed of yourself.
I don't want to let myself go bad.
Imagine a situation where you are all alone.
No man can live for himself.
Socrates said that recognising your own ignorance is the first step towards wisdom.
It is our capacity to mold ourselves.
I believe in myself and trust what I do.
Have confidence in yourself.
You are backing yourself into a bad emotional corner.
To know oneself is difficult.
To know oneself is very difficult.
You should know yourself.
The selfish man was despised by his colleagues.
Little did we imagine finding ourselves in Paris.
Never surrender yourself to despair.
I flatter myself that I'm the best golfer in the club.
It may sound like blowing my own horn, but I can speak French.
The LDP needs a spiritual cleansing.
The LDP brought out a bill to raise taxes, but they met with such violent opposition that they backed down.
Freedom is the very essence of our democracy.
Freedom is the breath of life.
Too much liberty spoils all.
Freedom is usually equated with doing whatever you like.
There is a great difference between liberty and license.
You must not confuse liberty with license.
Having lots of free time, I've decided to study French.
You may spend this money freely.
Please take one.
Please take freely.
You are free to use this dictionary.
You are free to use this car.
You are at liberty to state your own views.
May I help myself?
Please help yourself to anything you like.
The Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America.
Freedom is so fundamental that its importance cannot be overemphasized.
The road to freedom: hard to climb.
I'm prepared to do anything to protect freedom.
The free market system is endangered.
The rights of the individual are important in a free society.
The foundation of free nations is democracy.
Could I have three seats in the unreserved section?
A son who could not learn to paddle his own canoe does not deserve to inherit his father's fortune.
You must sow before you can reap.
Seeds unsown do not grow.
Without a dictionary, it would be hard to study English.
If you need a dictionary, I'll lend you an old one that I have.
Look up the phrase in your dictionary.
Look it up in your dictionary.
Speaking of dictionaries, I have benefited from various kinds.
There's still plenty of room for improvement in dictionaries.
There are dictionaries and dictionaries.
What a dictionary says is not always right.
It is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary.
The dictionary is close at hand.
We use a dictionary to look up the meaning of words.
A dictionary is an important aid in language learning.
A dictionary defines words.
Dictionaries are used to look up the words you don't know.
A dictionary is an excellent reference book.
Try to make the most of your dictionary.
I left my dictionary downstairs.
May I use your dictionary?
Would you please lend me your dictionary?
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
The resignations would have little or no effect on upcoming indications.
The deer was running by itself.
The deer darted off in alarm.
Deer were once the main game.
A deer ran for its life.
The deer slept on a bed of leaves.
Deer are good game.
I've never visited Kagoshima, but I intend to this summer.
The tanker was launched after the ceremony.
Are you going to attend ceremony?
The ceremony was followed by the reception.
The result of this experiment is obscured by the extra variables added in the formula.
Preparations for the ceremony are under way.
I go to school at seven.
It is waiting in the park at o'clock.
It was seven thirty.
At seven-thirty, we too closed the door behind us.
After an absence of seven years, I went home.
Have a happy Turkey day.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
The scolded boy was sobbing.
Owing to a change of administrations, he lost his job.
Nothing is missing.
The lost chance will never come again.
It's difficult to make up for lost time.
Money cannot make up for lost time.
You have to make up the time you have lost.
We hurried to make up for the lost time.
We must work hard to make up for lost time.
Lost time must be made up for.
I searched all the rooms for the lost thing.
Money cannot pay for the loss of happiness.
Time lost cannot be recalled.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
Being unemployed gave me the chance to stand back and think about my life.
I hear that the number of the unemployed has been increasing recently.
The unemployed always wind up at the bottom of the heap.
The number of unemployed people will rise by degrees.
The unemployment rate went up to 5%.
The unemployment rate dropped to a five-year low in January.
The unemployment rate will rise by degrees.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
Don't give up if you fail.
I choked! I should have come up with a proper plan first.
I shouldn't have done it.
What if I fail?
If you fail, try again!
She did not let failure discourage her.
Take care not to fail.
He feels happy in spite of his failure.
Calculating the risk which is involved in the event of failure, he demanded a show-down with the other party.
You ought to blame yourself, not the others, for the failure.
We learn by trial and error.
The failure resulted from his idleness.
Failures often spring from ignorance.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
It's not fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
Keep up your courage.
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind?
Can I be excused?
Excuse my clumsiness.
I excused myself from the table.
I beg to differ.
I beg to differ with you.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
I'm sorry to say I don't remember your name.
Excuse me, but do you mind if I ask your name?
Excuse me, but may I open the window?
Sorry, but I think you've got the wrong number.
May I presume to tell you that you are wrong?
I beg to point out that your calculation is wrong.
Excuse me, but do you mind if ask your name?
I beg to differ from you on that point.
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
I am afraid you have the advantage of me.
And who might you be?
Excuse me, but aren't you Dr. White?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the station?
I beg to modify your proposal.
I make so bold as to ask you.
I took the liberty of calling her.
Please excuse me for being rude.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
There is not a passion so strongly rooted in the human heart as envy.
A jealous person gets a feeling of contentment by behaving like a dog in the manger even with his friends.
Remove your hat when you go inside.
What's the room rate?
The wet climate did not agree with his constitution.
A humid climate is characteristic of the peninsula.
What about the rash?
The rash is, um, also incredibly contagious.
This one is of much higher quality than that one.
In terms of quality, his is the best report.
Services of better quality are in demand.
Quantity rather than quality is important.
Don't hesitate to ask your teacher a question.
Please ask me any time you have a question.
Ask the teacher when you have a question.
If you have some questions, please refer to this guidebook.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
If you have a question, please ask me.
Raise your hand if you have a question.
The question was so complicated that they were all mixed up.
The question was discussed in detail.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I am to be able to answer them.
Do you mind if I ask you a question?
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't hesitate to ask questions.
I am at a loss how to answer the question.
Your answer to the question turned out to be wrong.
Answer the question.
Must I answer all the questions?
I would like to address two questions.
Will you put your questions in written form?
Put the question in writing.
Ask your question.
Would you mind repeating the question?
Bold as brass.
What a wonderful idea!
A special tax is imposed on very high incomes.
It's really stinky.
After doing quality work, his average has gone up marvellously.
In fact, to move at any speed the polar bear uses twice as much energy as do most other mammals.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about him.
I was in fact thirty-one at the time.
As a matter of fact, he knows very little of the matter.
In fact, he's a billionaire.
As a matter of fact, he doesn't agree with me.
To tell the truth, she gave away all her money to others in desperation.
Actually, I did not witness the traffic accident.
The truth is, I want to be a writer.
To tell the truth, I'm tired of violent movies.
Actually, I haven't gotten any letters yet.
The fact is we were not invited.
The tree bent under the weight of the fruit.
The truth is, Ellen liked you a whole lot.
In fact, the inhabitants have been exposed to radioactive rays.
Guess what! I'm going to New Zealand to study.
In fact you are quite right.
As a matter of fact, I have had nothing since this morning.
Actually, I didn't know anything about those plans.
As a matter of fact, I've only just arrived myself.
The fact is that I don't know anything about him.
In fact, he has never been to New York.
The fact is that he is too busy to see you.
I have a favor to ask.
Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.
The fact is that I have no money with me.
This, in essence, is the secret of science.
The fact is that the rumor is groundless.
The fact is, I have heard nothing about it.
The fact is that he slept late that morning.
To tell the truth, I know nothing about the matter.
As a matter of fact, it is true.
In fact I don't know anything about it.
Actually it was only a rumor.
Actually, it was just a rumour.
I am getting married to the most beautiful girl in town.
In fact, you are quite right.
The fact is that my cat is shy.
Actually, we had prepared ourselves for defeat.
To tell the truth, this is how it happened.
To tell the truth, we got married last year.
To tell truth, I'm not so well as before.
The fact is I didn't go to school today.
As a matter of fact, I did it.
The fact is that I've spent all the money.
The truth is that I don't know anything about it.
As a matter of fact, I know nothing about it.
The fact is that I haven't read the book yet.
The truth is I told a lie.
The fact is that I can't swim.
The fact is I do not love her.
The truth is that we can't live without air.
The fact is that his father lives alone in New York because of work.
As a matter of fact, he's going to the states.
In fact, he can't swim well.
The fact is that he knows nothing about it.
The truth is that he was not fit for the job.
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
The fact is that he is my close friend.
In fact, he is sick.
The fact is that they don't have enough money.
Actually I wrote her a card.
The fact is that she lied.
The fact is that she didn't even read the letter.
The fact is that she is ill.
As a matter of fact, she is my sister.
The fact is that I have another appointment.
The truth is that the parents were to blame.
As a matter of fact, I've never seen it.
To tell the truth, I've already seen the movie.
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.
To tell the truth, it does not always pay to tell the truth.
To tell you the truth, I don't like him.
To tell the truth, that film was not very interesting to me.
To tell the truth, I have lost your pen.
To tell the truth, that actor is married.
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.
To tell the truth, the widow suffered from stomach cancer.
To tell the truth, I was scolded by my mother.
To tell the truth, I have no money with me.
To tell the truth, I don't really like him.
To tell you the truth, I don't care for America.
To tell the truth, I didn't notice it.
To tell the truth, I had drunk a little beer.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
To tell the truth, I don't remember anything I said yesterday.
To tell the truth, I couldn't finish it in time.
To tell the truth, I didn't do my homework.
To tell the truth, I used to smoke two packs a day.
To tell the truth, I am at my wit's end.
As a matter of fact, I dislike him.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
To tell you the truth, I don't love him.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of thinking.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of living.
To tell the truth, I don't like his way of talking.
To tell the truth, I don't know him well.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
To tell the truth, I do not like him.
To tell the truth, I hate the very sight of him.
To tell the truth, I've forgotten his name.
To tell the truth, he was rather a shy boy.
To tell the truth, he wasn't up to the work.
To tell the truth, he is still under sixty.
As a matter of fact, he did it by himself.
To tell the truth, she is my girlfriend.
To tell the truth, I had forgotten all about our appointment.
As a matter as fact, he did it for himself.
To tell the truth, I don't really like her.
To tell the truth, I don't like her very much.
To tell the truth, I did not make it myself.
To tell the truth, she is my sister.
To tell the truth, she is my niece.
To tell the truth, this is how he escaped.
To tell the truth, I forgot all about your questions.
To tell the truth, I have no money with me now.
To tell the truth, I don't want to go with them.
To tell the truth, she is my cousin.
Tell me about your successes in business.
As a businessman he is far above me.
The businessman was leading too busy a life to spend weekends with his family.
Proper clothes count for much in business.
Experiments are carried out in a laboratory.
The results of the experiment were highly satisfactory.
The results of the experiment were not as we had hoped.
The whole experiment was recorded on film.
The experiment failed in the initial stages.
The experiment was successful.
Experiments will enable you to find out what is wrong.
The results should be measurable and the process repeatable.
There must be a defect in the experimental method.
The subjects for the experiment were chosen at random.
Something is wrong with the experimental apparatus.
It is often easier to make plans than to carry them out.
We found out their plot before they took their actions.
Theory without practice will be no use.
Deeds are better than words.
Practice must go hand in hand with theory.
In fact, gorillas have many of the same feelings that people have.
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
In fact, the man got angry.
In fact sleep is vital to us.
In reality, I used to work like a dog.
As a matter of fact, he is a man of faith.
Even though she is seeing someone else, I won't give her up.
As it is, you are awake.
Being tired, as I was, I went to bed earlier than usual.
Living, as I do, in the country, I seldom have visitors.
Indeed, in some parts of the world we can see the effects already.
In fact, you could do anything you wanted in order to get or keep the ball.
Theory is quite useless unless it works in practice.
The actual cost was higher than the estimate.
These bodies have actually played indispensable roles in attaining these goals.
Actually, this method has plenty of room for improvement.
In fact, this does not seem to be true at all, except in a very trivial sense.
Actually, the present method has plenty of room for improvement.
In practice, ability counts for more than effort.
In reality, all they are interested in is power.
In point of fact, she had nothing to do with the scandal.
That didn't really happen.
What actually happened?
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
Through television we can learn various things which we cannot actually see or hear.
In fact, I was there.
Actually, the earth is getting warmer.
Did you really fly the plane?
I really will have to study.
As a matter of fact, the owner of this restaurant is a friend of mine.
In fact, this is a major means of bureaucratic control.
In fact, the opposite is more likely to occur.
As a matter of fact, bankruptcy is inevitable.
As a matter of fact, his lecture was boring.
As a matter of fact, he knows nothing about it.
As it is, ordinary people cannot afford to purchase such luxuries.
As it is, I can not pay you.
As a matter of fact, I take little notice of girls.
The actual price was lower than I had thought.
As a matter of fact, I think he's a nice guy.
As it is, I am awake.
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
In fact, he loves her.
A good idea suddenly struck me.
You can speak as you actually feel.
In fact, I am happy.
In fact, I did not know it.
In point of fact it is difficult to foresee the destiny of people.
The truth is he has a habit of inventing lies.
His failure was in reality due to his lack of care.
In fact, he looked silly.
He was as good as his word.
In practice, there is little difference between the two.
Learning probably takes place in virtually every activity in which we take part.
Price increases explain the difference between the real and nominal growth rates.
Being pitched out into life is the best way of learning how to live.
I will tell you exactly how the matter stands.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
From the practical point of view, his plan is not easy to carry out.
Practice is as important as theory, but we are apt to value the latter and despise the former.
Practical utility and artistic beauty combine to make a comfortable house to live in.
Both teams are well matched. The game will be an interesting one.
That's my skill talking.
Mr. Kawa made it to the top due to his own abilities, not because of his family.
Example is better than precept.
The lawn always looked better on Tuesdays, but I began to notice he wasn't getting as close to the trees as he used to.
I wasn't usually home when the lawn was cut, so all I ever saw were the results.
Some lawn equipment is loaded into the jerry-built cart.
Admission to the show is by ticket only.
Where can I get tickets to a play?
Did you enjoy yourself at the theater?
Do you often go to see plays?
Get off the lawn!
The grass looks nice.
The dog lying on the grass is mine.
Let's sit on the grass.
Keep off the grass.
Keep off the grass!
I lie on the grass.
Don't walk on the grass.
Don't trample on the grass.
Her striped dress accentuates her slimness.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
Sometimes those photos are not very good.
Can you identify the man in this picture?
Having seen him in the picture, I recognized him at once.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Do you know this man in the picture?
Who is that man in the background of the picture?
The picture was held on by a pin.
Photography is now considered a new form of art.
Nothing is more vivid than a picture.
Please show me your picture.
I enjoy taking pictures.
Let's get our photograph taken.
You aren't allowed to take photographs.
All you have to do to take a picture is push this button.
Let's take a picture.
Don't expose photos to the sun.
A photographer took a photograph of my house.
The policeman was off duty when he was shot to death.
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants.
When one lucky spirit abandons you another picks you up. I just passed an exam for a job.
I have a bad squint.
Put the eggs into the boiling water.
It is boiled just enough.
He pushed it down my throat.
We'll have our firm's attorneys look through the provisional agreement.
The staff exchanged frank opinions in the meeting.
Half the office took a day off.
The employees treat everything the company president says as a golden rule.
The staff exchanged opinions in the meeting.
I would like to put special emphasis on the concept that social ecology is the second school of contemporary environmentalism.
Each society has a different institution.
Working in a society gives women both hardship and achievement, but the daily chores at home don't seem to give them fulfillment.
Society is built on trust.
Society and the individual are inseparable.
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society, we think of husbands supporting the family, and wives taking care of the house and children.
When going out to the society, what is the most necessary knowledge?
The impact of science on society is great.
A society's values are reflected in its traditions.
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
Social customs vary from country to country.
Society could not care less.
Society is composed of individuals.
Society has a great influence on individuals.
Society exists for the sake of the individual.
Society consists of individuals.
Society must do away with laws which cause racial discrimination.
Some say society should be corrected first, but that is to put the cart before the horse.
The social structure is not much different.
The social structure has changed beyond recognition.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
Progress has been very slow indeed, so far as social life is concerned.
Social relationships are secondary to this business.
Social customs vary greatly from country to country.
It is important to eliminate the social unrest.
The bill was passed by a majority, although the Socialist Party was strongly opposed to it.
The social welfare system is in bad need of renovation.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
Social securities are not something that should be trifled with.
The boss praised you for your good work.
The news that the president was killed surprised them.
The boss ordered us to work from morning till night.
We are subject to change our plans if the president disagrees.
The president and his entourage were injured.
The president and the secretary talked over a cup of coffee.
The man talking with our boss is Hiroshi.
After I said such a thing to my boss, I am certain to lose my job.
I am highly honored by the presence of the president.
I'll put you through to the president.
It came to the president like a bolt of lightning.
The president was very serious about your overseas assignment.
The boss of our company is always on the go.
The president gave up the idea because it was not practical.
Where's the president?
The boss buzzed his secretary.
The boss gave Mike the ax for not coming to work on time.
The company president was indicted for paying kickbacks.
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay.
The president assembled his advisers for a conference.
The president is out now.
The president held himself responsible for the slump in business, and left his post.
The president is a down-to-earth kind of man.
My boss says one thing and means another.
Is the boss in a good mood today?
I hope my boss agrees to my plan.
My boss is twice as old as I am.
The president instructed the employees to improve their productivity.
The company president has hired a headhunter to find us a new sales manager.
The president appointed a new manager.
The president was sitting in the chair with his back to the window.
The president of the company bribed the government minister.
The president doesn't see anybody.
The boss told his secretary to come up with a good idea by the end of the week.
The boss gave us all a day off.
The president did not come, but sent the vice-president in his stead.
Smoking in the office is against our rules.
They talked about nothing but the news in the company.
I apologized, but even then she wouldn't speak to me.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
She had the decency to apologize.
There is nothing to do but apologize.
Don't apologize.
A car cut in.
I wish I had a car.
Why do you walk when you have a car?
If you have a car, you can come and go at will.
We can go there with the help of a car.
How I wish I had a car.
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
There's a car coming.
I couldn't get out of my garage because there was a car in the way.
We shouldn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy.
Cars arrived there one after another.
The car banged itself against a tree.
The car crashed into the truck.
The car collided with a truck.
We couldn't go there because we didn't have a car.
The car got stuck in the mud.
The car hit the fence and turned over.
Do you want a car?
There is ample room for another car.
A car was coming in this direction.
His car broke down in remote countryside.
She had a narrow escape when her car skidded off the road into a lake.
I heard a car stop in front of the house.
My car broke down, so I had to take a bus.
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
The car left a cloud of dust behind it.
The car broke down on the way to the airport.
Something must be wrong with our car; the engine is giving off smoke.
The car broke down, so that we had to walk.
I was late because my car broke down.
We were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
Cars took the place of bicycles.
He would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt when the car crashed.
A car drew up at the main gate.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
Each passing car threw up a cloud of dust.
A car was blocking the gateway.
It was frightful when my car skidded on the ice.
There were cars burning, people dying, and nobody could help them.
A car went by at terrific speed.
The car bumped the tree.
The car ran into a tree.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
It took me an hour and a half to get there by car.
It only takes thirty minutes by car.
How long does it take by car?
Could you tell me how to get to your office?
Another ten minutes drive will take you to the seashore.
Will you drive me home?
I've been to the seaside by car.
He went to Kyoto by car.
Please come to pick me up.
My neck snapped when my car was hit from behind.
Let's go by car.
When I passed by it in a car, I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress.
It was careless of you to leave the key in the car.
A car has one steering wheel.
There was room for one person in the car.
Nothing is the matter with the car. It's just that you are a bad driver.
Lots of people are interested in cars, but they're really nothing to me.
Is there any room to spare in your car?
I'll give you a ride.
Didn't you lock up your car?
I signaled the car to go slow.
Can I give you a ride?
I'll give you a lift.
Why don't you give me a ride?
Will you give me a ride?
Could you give me a lift in your car?
I was wondering if you could give me a lift.
Get into the car.
I asked if you wanted a ride.
Look out for the car.
Don't you have a phone in your car?
I spend all her money on the car.
The car failing to start, we went by bus.
I can't get the car to start.
I've lost my car key.
Instead of putting the car into gear, she put it into reverse, causing a great deal of damage to the store-front.
I have a problem with my car.
Military personnel are prime targets of car salespeople.
I was unable to write down the number of the car.
My car battery is dead.
The car battery is dead.
I have to charge the battery of my car.
Look at the boy beside the car.
How I wished I could drive a car!
You can't be too careful in driving a car.
Drive carefully.
Do you know how to drive a car?
Driving a car is a lot of fun.
Driving a car taxes the eyes.
It took me some time to learn how to drive a car.
I've been learning to drive.
I have left my car keys behind.
They were badly injured in a car accident.
I got injured in the car accident, but it was not anything.
The existing law concerning car accidents requires amending.
One of the car wheels came off.
As soon as you have the car fixed, please send me a letter with the cost. I'll send you the money.
What have you done about fixing the car?
There were three deaths in the car crash.
The number of cars is on the increase.
It is difficult to catch up with Japan in the production of cars.
I could see traffic lights ahead of my car.
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces.
Could you open the car window?
The traffic noise interfered with my sleep.
Thus, we are annoyed by the noise of cars.
Traffic noise is very harsh to the ear.
Be alert when you cross a busy street!
The payment for the car will be made in monthly installments.
I paid fifty percent down for the car.
With car prices so high, now is the worst time to buy.
I can see a lady and two dogs in the car.
Are there any pens in the car?
It was careless of you to leave the key in your car.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
What is the matter with your car?
Exhaust gases of a car are noxious.
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.
A car licence can be held from age 18.
I'm going to go and get my driver's license.
The line of cars stretched all the way from the expressway to the city centre.
When should I return the car?
You should always keep your car in good order.
The car ran into a guardrail.
The car crashed into the guard-rail and rolled down the hill.
The car is kept in a garage, under cover and locked.
The car gave a jolt.
The car veered from its course.
The automobile is a wonderful invention.
The car continued to put on speed.
Our car broke down on our way there.
Cars go through the tunnel.
Was there anything wrong with the car?
The car drew in to let the truck pass.
The car brushed the fence and got scratched.
Our dog was nearly run over by a car.
The car labored up the hill.
The car put on a burst of speed and passed the truck.
The car ran along the shore.
The car came to a smooth stop.
The car ran down the hill.
The car cut to the left.
Cars are indispensable to suburban life.
The car raised a cloud of dust.
The automobile is of great use in our life.
A car is a handy thing to own.
The car ran at miles an hour.
Our car pulled uphill.
The car behaved well.
The car hit a telephone pole.
The car clapped along very slowly.
Cars, buses, and trucks are all vehicles.
It's the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
A few people have two cars.
She must be rich to have three cars.
Would you move your car, please?
Running a car is a great expense.
That salesman was persistent in asking me to buy a car.
The man driving the car had been drinking.
A big tree had fallen across the road and was in my way as I drove.
When you are driving, you should slow down on corners.
Keep to the left when driving.
Driving a car is really very simple.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
You cannot be too careful driving a car.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
It is necessary to have a license to drive a car.
You can't be too careful when you drive a car.
You must take care when you drive a car.
Drivers should always be on their guard against accidents.
Check and adjust the brakes before you drive.
If only I could drive a car.
I traded in my car for a new one.
How many cars do you have?
Why don't you pull over and take a rest for a while?
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
Keeping a car is a considerable expense.
Can we rent a car?
Where can I rent a car?
It cost me three hundred dollars to have my car repaired.
It cost me a fortune to get my car repaired.
The man washing the car is Mr Jones.
The boy washing the car is my brother.
Put the car into the garage.
Can I borrow your car?
With the car stolen, there was nothing for it but to walk.
Move your car, please.
I want to rent a car, please show me a price list.
Reckon the cost before you decide to purchase the car.
I'm saving money for a car.
In order to buy a car, you must show the ward office proof of parking space.
I had to borrow money to purchase the car.
You should inspect the car well before you buy it.
See the car carefully before you buy it.
I advertised my car for sale.
Selling motorcars is my business.
I'd like to return a car.
You'll save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
You will save yourself a lot of time if you take the car.
I'd like a safety check on my car.
I was wasting time, wandering around the garage, when an old truck swept into driveway.
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.
A car in itself is neither good nor bad; it depends on the driver.
Say, Conductor! What's the next town?
Don't you tend to get carsick?
There were not less than five passengers on the train.
Barricades across driveways say "Keep Out."
Around him, in the carriage, the other passengers rocked and swayed.
The vehicles are inspected for defects at least every three months.
The wheel began to turn.
I've just oiled the wheels.
The wheels turned around.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
Wheels turn on axles.
The snake swallowed a frog.
They that hide can find.
The snake sheds its skin.
She screamed when she saw a snake.
The faucet is leaking.
You get in my way?
It's a distraction.
It is in the way.
They are in the way.
Do not interfere!
Excuse me for interrupting, I've got something to tell you.
You should not lose anything borrowed.
I lost the book you lent me.
Don't borrow more money than you can help.
Those who like borrowing dislike paying.
I'd like to see the car before I rent it.
Farmers defaulting on loans had to auction off their land.
Some people are up to their necks in debt.
He is up to his ears in debt.
You are to pay your debt.
It's time to pay up all your debts and close out your loan.
Be on your guard against running into debt.
Julie thinks that she will not be able to pay off all of her debts.
When I pay all my debts, I'll have no money left.
I expect you to pay off all your debts.
He wants to quit his debts.
I paid back the debt, and I feel relieved.
In all probability, no language is completely free of borrowed words.
The scorching sun grilled us.
You can't teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
I'm sure you don't need me to tell you this, but wouldn't it be a good idea to stop smoking?
You must study hard while young.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
Read as many books as you can while you are young.
I advise you to go abroad while young.
Gather roses while you may.
Build up your body while young.
You should work hard while you are young.
Young as he is, he is a man of ability.
Being young, he can work all day long.
Young as he is, he has much experience.
The young campers were kited out with new waterproof jackets.
Young as he is, he is a very reliable person.
Young as he is, he is as great a mathematician as ever lived.
Nothing is left so vividly in our mind as the impressions we received in our younger days.
You should enrich your mind when young.
I could swim faster when I was young.
I could run much faster when I was young.
When he was young, he used to follow Beethoven everywhere he went.
I wish I had studied English harder while young.
I went overboard about the Beatles when I was young.
Earlier in his life, he ran a hotel.
She was a good swimmer in her young days.
She seems to have been beautiful in her young days.
I wish I had studied harder in my youth.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
I wish I'd studied harder when I was young.
You should have learned how to swim when you were young.
We need to learn a lot of things in our youth.
It is important to find true friends when you are young.
Heavy work in youth is quiet rest in old age.
He was a hard worker in his youth.
When he was young, he was so poor that he virtually had to live on gruel.
I wish I had studied English harder when I was young.
As a young man he flirted briefly with communism.
Because his parents had died when he was young, his uncle brought him up.
Young rice plants will be badly harmed.
You should make the most of your time while you are young.
I would often swim in this river when I was young.
I don't recall ever wanting to be a fireman or a baseball player as a youth.
As a young man, he did not know that he was to become famous later on.
He told me that when he was young, he was very eager to be popular, and wanted to make a good impression on everyone.
I would sometimes study late at night in my youth.
I used to be thin when I was young.
I had to work hard when I was young.
When I was young, I would often go to watch baseball games.
In his younger days he worked very hard.
In his early days he was known as a great pianist.
I used to walk in the cemetery in my youth.
In his youth, he had shown great promise.
Try to read as many books as you can when young.
Charles lived a life of debauchery when he was young.
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.
You are only young once.
When I was young, I tried to read as many books as I could.
You're only young once.
You're only young once. Be a man and take on the world.
It would be a shame for a young man to be at loose ends just because he can't get the kind of job he wants.
That young man can't get the sort of jobs he wants and doesn't have any friends; he's really at a loss.
Respect of the young for the old is quite natural.
Young people naturally react against the attitudes of their parents.
As usual with young girls, Alice loves chocolate.
It was yesterday that a young woman came to see me.
A young girl was at the steering wheel.
It's not the mode for young girls to curl their bangs.
The young girl was chased by the old man.
Young parents often indulge their children.
A young person is waiting for you outside.
It is a matter for joy that young men's physique has very much improved.
The young should be kind to the old.
Young people know the disasters of war only in the abstract.
Young people are prone to fall into temptation.
The young should respect the old.
As is often the case with young men, he does not pay much attention to his health.
As is often the case with young people, he was indifferent to money.
Young people tend to think so.
Young people are apt to behave that way.
Young people like popular music.
Young people are apt to waste time.
Young people are not shy about the future of this country.
Young people usually have more energy than the old.
Young men are prone to fall into temptation.
Young people adapt themselves to something sooner than old people.
Take a liberal view of young people.
The younger generation looks at things differently.
The young man robbed her of her bag.
A young man robbed an old woman of her handbag.
There were two people in it, one of her girl students and a young man.
She was robbed her of her bag by a young man.
The girl, who had her head on the boy's shoulder, looked around in surprise.
As the young man's car was close to the fence, Miss Baker had to drive up beside it on the other side, where the girl was sitting.
A young man is singing before the door.
The young man got up hurriedly, stammered a few words and in a moment was gone.
The young couple fell in love with each other very soon.
The young couple went to Kyoto for fun.
There is no returning to our younger days.
Some young Japanese people prefer being single to being married.
Modesty is befitting to a young girl.
Young as she was, she devotedly attended on her sick grandmother.
Young Martin spent a fairly quiet childhood in Atlanta, Georgia.
Youth has its advantages.
Keep in mind that youth is not eternal.
The charges against him were dropped because of his youth.
A young man came for the new product.
A young man barged in unexpectedly.
Young people flocked to southern California.
Young men and women fought to defend their country.
There is a lack of communication between the young and the old.
As is often the case with young people, John is mad about pop music.
A group of youths attacked the old man.
A group of young men were fighting.
Wearing second-hand clothes is now popular among young people.
It became popular among young people to wear hunting boots.
Young people are eager to go abroad.
The lad leaned over and shouted into Tom's ear.
Being at the concert hall full of young kids made an old duffer like me feel out of tune.
Young people are usually full of energy.
He grinned cheerfully at Tom.
Young people should enjoy reading more.
Young people can recognize this about romantic love, but they find it hard to accept the same fierce element in parental affection.
Young people tend to complain about everything.
Young people are apt to go to extremes.
Young men are apt to fall a victim to their own avarice.
Young men and women don't seem to know what they are seeking after.
Young people must profit from their bitter experiences.
Young people are often poor judges of their own abilities.
The young man bade farewell to his comrades and relatives.
Young people like his books.
Their sweet melody made young people feel free.
The young man decided to propose to her.
Young people have shown a lot of improvement in physical stature.
The young adapt to change easily.
Young people love adventure.
The young should make room for the old.
Behave yourself like a young man.
Books for young people sell well these days.
I want the young members to be more active.
Both young and old people desire slim figures.
Trees put forth young shoots all at once.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
I just miss him.
Whenever you get lonely, feel free to come and talk to me.
I side with a weaker party.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
The weak easily assimilate the opinions of the strong.
The weakest go to the wall.
There is no man but has his weak points.
We accept all major credit cards.
All major credit cards are accepted.
Who plays the lead?
Sovereignty resides in the people.
I acted for our captain while he was in the hospital.
The boss bawled me out.
The host cut the turkey for the guests.
The host entertained us at the party.
The master gave me an order to come in.
The boss seemed to frown on my method.
The host showed off his rare stamps to all his guests.
I am writing on behalf of my husband, who is in the hospital.
I'll call my husband.
Would you call up my husband?
The hero, as a child, suffered from parental neglect.
The hero died at the end of the book.
The boss controls his men at will.
The chief engineer did research hand in hand with his assistant.
The head groundsman has a cottage right in the middle of the grounds.
Thanks to electric goods, housewives have plenty of free time.
Housewives may well complain about their daily routine.
Housewives have a hundred things to do.
A housewife has many domestic duties.
A housewife should be economical.
The housewives provide their families with necessities.
Are you counting your chickens before they are hatched?
The parcel will be kept at the post office until you call for it.
The deal did not go through.
If the sky falls we shall catch larks.
Don't cross the bridge till you come to it.
Can you order it for me?
Could you exchange it with a different one?
The weather was good at harvest.
It was so cold that he was shivering.
The business contract ran out last month.
The Board of Directors aim is to make decisions regarding business affairs of the company.
Don't make a promise which you cannot keep.
I was challenged by a gatekeeper.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
Even if he has a clue, he won't let you know it.
The plate slipped from my hands and fell to the floor.
You should not allow him to get out of your hand.
My hands are dirty. I have been repairing my bicycle.
I can't reach it.
I pricked up my ears when I heard of the available apartment.
Hold on to the rail.
Hold the handrail.
I haven't got much money with me.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
My hands are stained with paint.
Give me what you have in your hand.
I couldn't get it.
What is it you got?
It's too much of a nuisance.
There's nothing to be done about it.
Don't show them your hand.
You should lay your cards out on the table.
Lay your cards on the table and give me a straight answer!
Show your cards.
You must keep your hands clean.
Are your hands free of dirt?
Hands reveal our inward emotions.
I have done everything I could do.
Those who bring something with them are welcome.
It is necessary to fight AIDS with whatever weapons are at hand.
Do you have a pencil about you?
I can't get anywhere with it.
Raise your hand before you answer.
Put your hands up!
We must keep our hands clean.
Did you wash your hands?
They waved good-bye with their hands.
Wash your hands well.
You'd better back off.
Don't put out your hand.
Don't touch.
I reached for and tapped his shoulder.
Come here after you have washed your hands.
Lend me a hand.
Give me a hand. If you do, I'll buy you a drink later.
Hey, could you give me a hand over here, please?
We'll help you, okay?
Put your hands behind your head.
Keep your hand still.
Don't let go. Hold on tight.
Take your hands off me.
Don't let go.
Get your hands off!
A wheelbarrow fills the bill for moving concrete blocks.
Where are the luggage carts?
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.
This is all my carry-on baggage.
Where can I check my baggage?
Where do I go after I pick up my baggage?
I will be waiting for you at baggage claim.
The bill is due on the 1st of next month.
Let's make believe we have one million yen hand.
This is all the money I have.
Watch your fingers!
We have ample funds in hand.
We should take the necessary steps before it's too late.
Treated roughly, the cup has some cracks.
Drop me a line and let me know what you think.
Write me sometime, OK?
Please contact me by letter.
You haven't replied to the letters.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
Her duties include making copies of letters.
The contents of the letter were secret.
The letter runs as follows.
Have you had an answer?
Don't put off answering the letter.
I used to type my letters, but now I use a word processor.
Write your letters with a pen.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
Letters are a link with friends who live far away.
The letter was written.
Did you receive my letter?
The letter was written by her.
Letters are delivered every day.
The letter will arrive tomorrow.
Remember to post the letter.
You must not write a letter with a pencil.
Let me hear from you.
I remember mailing the letter.
Please remind me to post the letters.
Remember to mail the letter.
I forgot to put on the stamp before I mailed the letter.
If you have written the letter, I'll post it.
I'm busy with writing letters and giving speeches.
Please wait until I have finished writing this letter.
I have to write a letter, but I won't be able to get at it until tomorrow.
After I write the letter, I'll mail it in a mailbox.
I've finished writing the letter.
I wonder whether to write or phone.
It is no easy task to write a letter.
All you have to do in writing is to keep it clear and interesting.
The best way to write letters is to put down whatever is in your mind.
Do you think I should write?
Please send the letter by express.
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
Please remember to post the letter.
I converted my yen into dollars.
Surgery is the best solution.
Do I need an operation?
He had an injection prior to the operation.
I don't want to have an operation.
The operation cannot wait.
You have to have an operation.
Will surgery help it?
I am still a bit sore after my operation.
Her condition is taking a turn for the better after the operation.
Let's do this as a first step.
Written by hand, the letter was not very easy to read.
I will be happy to assist whoever needs help.
Learn a trade.
We charge a commission of 3%.
How much is the commission?
Is there a handling charge?
Pull it open.
I am interested in palm reading.
My hands and feet have got as cold as ice.
My hands and legs are swollen.
I got out of bed and had a good stretch.
I'd like to check in.
A pair of gloves is a nice gift.
To make a long story short, we buried the hatchet.
Please confine yourself to a short comment.
To put it briefly it's your fault.
The project, in short, was a failure.
To make a long story short, we cannot accept your offer.
To put it briefly, she turned down his proposal.
That's it in brief.
Would you write your name in my notebook?
Will you lend me the books by Osame Tezuka for about a week?
Let me give you a hand.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
You don't have to help me.
Can I help?
I'd like to treat you to lunch to thank you for all your help.
You are kind to help me.
Can you help me? I can't make out how to start this machine.
We need someone to help us.
I'll treat you to dinner if you help me.
Do you want me to give you a hand?
I gave him three textbooks in exchange for his help.
Let me do this.
Help me.
It's very nice of you to help me.
I helped her into a gown.
It is better to read a few books carefully than to read many at random.
You had better stop buying things at random.
I read novels at random.
He works fast and is very articulate but his insincerity is his biggest defect.
No matter how interesting magic shows may be, I don't like them so much.
Magicians use deception.
Wounded bears are usually very dangerous.
He who touches pitch shall be defiled therewith.
Spring over the ground like a hunting hound.
The hunters trailed the deer over the mountain.
The hunter was alert to every sound and movement.
Seeds must have air and water to grow.
Cover the seeds with a little earth.
As you sow, so will you reap.
The seeds will become flowers in the summer.
If one does not have a hobby, his life may be desolate.
Speaking of hobbies, do you collect stamps?
Speaking of hobbies, I'm fond of baseball.
It is not easy to combine hobbies with profits.
When talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
I play the guitar in my spare time.
Tastes differ.
What do you do for fun?
There is no disputing about tastes.
Hobbies take your mind off the worries of everyday life.
He who loves not wine, woman and songs, remains a fool his whole life long.
You must not yield to your desire to drink.
Where the drink goes in, there the wit goes out.
When wine is in, truth is out.
When the wine is in, the wit is out.
Let's have a drink or something.
Drink brought about his downfall.
Don't indulge yourself too much in drinking.
You must not get drowned in your sake.
The drunken man grasped my collar and swore at me.
Bacchus has drowned more men than Neptune.
There is very little wine in the bottle, if any.
It's best to drink in moderation.
We make sake from rice.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for the health.
If he continues drinking too much, he will fall ill sooner or later.
I drank too much and was unsteady on my feet.
He was sitting drinking wine.
Too much drinking will make you sick.
Try to be moderate in drinking.
I advise you to give up drinking.
Drink less and sleep more.
It is a toss-up whether to drink sake or whiskey; too much of either results equally in drunken revelry.
I bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store.
Don't drive under the influence of alcohol.
I can't turn my neck, because it hurts a lot.
No one dares to contradict his employer for fear of being fired.
I have a rash on my neck.
His head nodded, and he snored gently.
I'm up to my neck in work.
The sun beat down on our necks and backs.
They communicate disapproval by shaking their heads.
I sprained my neck while sleeping.
The Prime Minister tried to cover up the scandal, but that just made it worse when the newspapers discovered the truth.
The prime minister appoints the members of his cabinet.
Word is passing that the Prime Minister is seriously ill.
The premier and his cabinet colleagues resigned.
The Prime Minister's explanation of the scandal just wouldn't wash with the public.
The prime minister's speech did not make for peace.
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
The news of the prime minister's resignation took us by surprise.
The prime minister's answer was equivocal.
The prime minister's remark sparked the opposition movement.
The foreign minister will act for the Prime Minister in his absence.
Our Prime Minister is scheduled to meet with the Chinese Prime Minister tomorrow.
The premier is likely to resign.
The Prime Minister was involved in a scandal.
The Prime Minister wants to be respected by everybody.
The premier paid a formal visit to the White House.
It is whispered that the Prime Minister is critically ill.
The prime minister fielded some tough questions at the press conference.
The premier announced his intention to undertake drastic reforms in parliament.
The Premier subscribed his name to the charter.
The prime minister paid a formal visit to the White House.
The Prime Minister proposed administrative reforms.
The prime minister dissolved the Diet.
The Prime Minister stated that he would not introduce a new tax without the consensus of public opinion.
The Prime Minister fell from favor with the people.
The Prime Minister dwelt upon the financial crisis.
The Prime Minister held a press conference yesterday.
The Prime Minister has won his services as Minister for Justice.
The Prime Minister is invested with incredible powers.
The Prime Minister announced that he would resign within a few weeks.
The Prime Minister was unable to form a Cabinet.
The prime minister hinted at the possibility of an early election.
The Prime Minister was obliged to resign from the Cabinet.
The Prime Minister is feeling the heat over his statement.
The Prime Minister appointed them to key Cabinet posts.
The Prime Minister met with the press.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement today.
The Prime Minister holds a press conference tomorrow.
The Prime Minister will go on the air tomorrow.
Rwandan rebels are pushing their offensive south as fighting continues in the capital Kigali.
The capital was bombed again and again.
Leaders are trying to do away with impediments to economic growth.
The summit conference was held for world peace.
The summit talks are to be broadcast around the globe.
The summit talks are to be broadcast simultaneously throughout the world.
The summit conference made a contribution to the peace of the world.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
It's hard for nurses to be objective about their patients.
The coffee mill that I received does not work.
Please let me know when you receive them.
Would this be acceptable to you?
The receptionist forced me to sign my name on the paper.
The receptionist said to come right in.
I sat for the exam, only to fail.
I failed the tests.
My fight in our examination hell is over!
There might have been an error during transmission.
The reception isn't good.
You have to fill out an application for admission to the hospital at the front desk.
Please ask at the information desk.
The receptionist changed her tune.
Strange noises keep coming from the receiver and won't stop.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
The spell was broken and the pig turned into a man.
I don't like sushi.
Do you like sushi?
I don't feel like eating sushi.
I'll treat you to sushi.
How about trying some sushi?
When class is over, it will probably be raining.
Now that school is over, you can go home.
As the lessons were over, the children went home.
The lesson being over, children ran out into the hall.
The class being over, the students left quickly.
As soon as the lesson was over, they rushed out of the room.
Be quiet during the lesson.
It is important to be punctual for your class.
Look up words in advance, before you attend a class.
If you want to go there in time, you'd better make a bee-line for your class right away.
We'll be late for class.
Don't speak in the middle of a lesson.
Will you hand in your essays at the end of the lesson?
At the end of the class, the teacher said, "That's enough for today."
You should have prepared for the lesson.
School begins on April 5th.
In this school, a period is fifty minutes long.
School starts at 8:40.
School begins at half past eight.
School begins at 9.
School is over now.
The class was carried on in English.
School begins at 8:a.m.
School begins at half past eight in the morning.
The classes stopped at noon, when we had lunch.
Classes begin next Tuesday.
Paying attention in class may lead to high marks.
You must not talk to each other in class.
I do not allow sleeping in class.
During the class she fell asleep in spite of herself.
I got a grant for my tuition.
Tuition fees must be paid not later than the 25th of this month.
Extract an essence from the bark of a tree.
With no supply of water from trees, rainfalls diminish in time and the area keeps drying up.
Trees are cut down and land is cleared.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
The supply-demand balance is relaxing.
As the demand increases, prices go up.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
The supply-demand balance is tight.
A convict has escaped from prison.
The prisoners were treated with monstrous cruelty.
The prisoners are in chains.
The prisoners were glad to be free again.
The inmate was doing time for a burglary conviction.
The prisoner dug a hole under the prison wall.
The prisoner denied that he had killed a policeman.
The prisoner died under torture.
The prisoner is being quiet in the cell today.
The prisoner was given his freedom.
The prisoner was set at liberty.
The prisoner escaped from prison.
The prisoner broke away from the guards who were holding him.
Poor crops may cause famine.
I began driving our tractor when I was years old to help my father out at harvest time.
Because of the poor harvest, wheat prices have gone up in the last six months.
A dry spell accounts for the poor crop.
My income has gone down by percent.
It's difficult for our income to keep up with inflation.
It is out of the question for me to built a new house till my income becomes greater.
The more you earn, the more you spend.
His large income enabled him to live in comfort.
A small income obliges us to thrift.
You'll have to proportion your expenditure to your income.
You should try to live within your means.
You ought to work hard regardless of your income.
You should live within your means.
Don't anticipate your income.
Never spend in excess of your income.
You must not live beyond your means.
Do not live above your income.
He lives above his means.
Try to live within your means.
The bribery came to light.
The bribery scandal created a backlash overseas.
The bribery scandal cast doubts on the government.
It's noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
There was nobody about.
The people standing around were all strangers.
The people standing around were amused and laughed at the brave little dog.
The circumstances gave color to her story.
Be kind to those around you.
He looked quite happy in contrast with those around him.
Nothing can change the look of a city so dramatically as the sudden appearance of a block of offices which towers above all the surrounding buildings.
The surrounding hills protected the town.
In the religious-cult trial, the ambitious lawyer will represent the cult leader.
You'd better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
She has no opinion about religion.
In religion there are the two great motives of fear and love.
Slaves find power in religion.
The bishop took pity on the desperate immigrants.
I don't believe in religion.
Religion is the opium of the people.
My mother's religion helped her to come to terms with my father's death.
Some people don't believe in any religion.
On the religious side, the decision caused serious dissension among followers.
Admission is free for preschool children.
The company has unofficially decided to employ me.
A conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview.
I was interviewed for a job.
The job-seeking season is starting earlier each year and it's the mass media that are causing that trend by moving up their job interview schedule.
Vocational schools were set up one after another.
I talk in my sleep very often.
The team played hard because the championship of the state was at stake.
The Council Education Committee wants to close a school, but some people don't agree with the idea.
State police spokeswoman Janet Welp says the truck wound up crashing into a bridge railing along Interstate 30.
The state government deprived the civil rights of their citizen.
The governor appeared on TV in person.
The governor took the money out of a slush fund.
The governor set the prisoners free.
I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.
The hooded clouds, like friars, tell their beads in drops of rain.
When she became a nun, she took the name Sister Teresa.
I think it needs a tune-up.
Repairs will cost a lot of money.
The mechanic assembled the engine.
Take it to a mechanic, and get it fixed.
The repairs will cost at least pounds.
The repair bill includes parts and labor.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for study.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn is here.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
In the fall, when the days grew shorter and the nights colder, she watched the first frost turn the leaves to bright yellow and orange and red.
In fall they go back to school.
The leaves change color in autumn.
In autumn the leaves turn yellow.
In autumn, leaves fall from trees.
Several typhoons hit Japan in autumn.
In the fall, many birds head for the south.
The leaves turn in autumn.
The leaves fall to the earth in autumn.
Leaves collect on the sidewalk in the fall.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
The leaves turn brown in the autumn.
In autumn, leaves change their color and fall.
In the fall, covers are put over the fans in trains.
In the fall, the leaves turn red and gold.
There was a hint of fall in the air.
The autumn sky is clear and serene.
There's nothing better than reading in the long autumn nights.
I think autumn is the most beautiful season of the year.
Fall has flown by.
Autumn changed into winter.
Fall is the best season for sports.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Autumn is just around the corner. It's about time the weather started cooling off.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
Fall is when we can study best.
Fall is the best season for us to study.
Autumn is when food is especially delicious.
Autumn weather is changeable.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for taking long walks in the country.
Fall is a good season for reading.
There are also people who like spring better than autumn.
I prefer spring to fall.
An autumn breeze begins to blow.
Like a leaf in the autumn breeze.
Autumnal Equinox Day falls on Friday this year.
"I've finished" said Tony shortly, then he closed the piano.
You must try hard to the end.
I'll mail this questionnaire as soon as I finish.
All's well that ends well.
All is well that ends well.
What time does the curtain fall?
Go out and have a good time once in a while instead of just studying all the time.
It is difficult to find a well paid permanent job.
I was able to catch the last train.
I have to hurry to the station to take the last train.
Many passengers were sleeping on the last train.
It rained on and off all day.
We are just in time for the last train.
Habit is second nature.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
It is true of learning English that "practice makes perfect".
Practice makes perfect.
A habit is very difficult to shake off once it is formed.
Custom reconciles us to everything.
Courage is needed to change a custom.
I should follow my nose.
The boat is lost.
The number of minority seats in the Lower House is rapidly eroding.
When attacked he defended himself with an umbrella.
Studying three hours a week wouldn't be enough to learn a language well.
We have four French classes a week.
Try to exercise at least once a week.
How many times a week does the soccer team practice?
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.
The latter half of the week was fine.
You should receive them by the end of the week.
Is there a weekly rate?
I sure wish I could have a three-day weekend.
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
As long as it doesn't spoil the weekend!
Let's visit my grandpa this weekend.
How about going to a disco this weekend?
See you on the weekend.
Let's go hiking this weekend.
We used to visit each other on the weekend.
I often go yachting on weekends.
I hankered to get out of the city for a weekend.
How about going for a swim this weekend?
The counterfeit bills flooded the market over the weekend.
I pigged out over the weekend.
I spent the weekend writhing in agony when my gallstone started to move.
Do you feel like going out for a drive in the country over the weekend?
I think I caught a bug over the weekend.
Would you like to have supper with us on the weekend?
What are you going to do over the weekend?
You won't make any progress just studying on the weekends. It's meaningless unless you do it every day.
Are you staying there for the weekend?
What're you going to do this weekend?
How was last weekend, Nancy?
I'd like to take a small trip this weekend.
Won't you come and see me this weekend?
The chief massed his warriors to attack the fort.
Let's get together and talk about the matter.
Let's get together and talk about old times.
Start at once so as not to be late for the meeting.
No one else came to the meeting.
The meeting broke up at seven.
The meeting broke up at nine o'clock.
It is not clear when the meeting will open again.
All social animals use some methods of communication to exchange information and to maintain an orderly community.
The intensive course did marvels for my French.
I have difficulty concentrating.
An ugly duckling became a graceful swan.
News of the scandal caused the politician to lose face.
That is a good place to live.
Wherever you live is the best place.
I don't have the address with me.
Might I ask your address?
Name and address, please.
This is to inform you of my address change. Please update your mailing list.
I must bring my address book up to date.
House prices have remained static for several months.
The house costs double what it did before.
Housing could be obtained at a price.
The housing project has fallen flat.
As far housing goes, it is very poor in Japan.
The housing situation seemed quite hopeless.
The housing shortage is very acute.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
The residents made complaints about the noise.
More than percent of the inhabitants are in favor of the program.
The movement of the inhabitants drove the band of thugs out of the town.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
The people protested against the low altitude flight training.
The inhabitants rebelled against the ruler.
It was not permitted that the inhabitants trespass in the area.
The inhabitants are proud of their urban culture.
She doesn't drink enough breast milk.
If you take four from ten, you have six.
Is it about ten o'clock?
I can have dinner ready by o'clock.
One out of ten persons is nearsighted.
Many men, many minds.
Teenagers want to be independent of their parents.
That's par for the course with teenagers.
A group of teenagers robbed me of my money.
Ten to one he will get married to her.
In nine cases out of ten, he will win the race.
Ten to one he will forget about it.
In nine cases out of ten he will take the first place.
Ten to one he will be elected chairman.
It is probable that Jane will come.
In nine cases out of ten it will be the very thing that I have long wanted.
Ten to one he will be chosen.
Ten to one, he will succeed.
In nine case out of ten he will be late.
Ten to one they'll miss the train.
December is the last month of the year.
The twelve-hour journey had tired me out.
There is ample scope for improvement.
Don't lump all these issues together. You need to give every single one careful consideration.
If I had enough money, I could buy this camera.
In the absence of sufficient proof, the police could not indict him.
Partly because he could not receive enough information, Harper's description remains imperfect.
Do we have enough food?
Enjoy yourself to the fullest.
I'm sure we'll make it all right.
A concrete plan evolved after much discussion.
Make sure you get plenty of rest.
It's very important to get enough rest.
I'm more than happy.
He said I don't get enough sleep.
We should be very careful.
A good sweat will cure a cold.
You'll be there in plenty of time.
Let's start in plenty of time. I don't like to run a risk.
Let's start in plenty of time. I don't like to take risks.
Take a good rest, and you will soon get well.
Handle it with great care.
I've had enough, thank you.
Give yourself plenty of time.
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.
Lake Towada is in the north of Japan.
There was nothing for it but to obey.
There is nothing for it but to obey.
So from then on, manufacturers had to pay real cash.
The employees demurred at working overtime.
Workers pulled together and asked the management for a raise.
Your task will be to train the employees on the new computer system.
One of the reasons some workers hesitate to use their paid holidays is that they fear unfavorable reactions from their colleagues or superiors.
The employees' interests are bound up with those of the corporation.
The employees were intrigued by the odd behavior of their boss.
Each employee is entitled to a two week paid vacation per year.
Employees threatened a strike to protect worker benefits.
The employees had to work overtime in order to produce enough cars.
Employees are required to wear uniforms.
The employee asked for the all the members rise in pay.
Employees were allowed to share in reading customer compliments.
The employees also share the same idea.
Every employee is supposed to keep his own vehicle in perfect condition.
The employees share the burden of toil.
We were given a pot as a gift of my cousin's wedding party.
I'm sorry I haven't been able to give you my cousin's contact info.
Innovation has something to do with the faculty to notice unusual phenomena.
Soft words win hard hearts.
Soft wool is more expensive than coarse wool and both are superior to synthetics made of nylon.
Please eat only soft foods.
I have soft stools.
In judo, technique is more important than strength.
Judo is not only good for young people's health but also very useful in forming their personalities.
I take it back.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to one's progress.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
We should make it if the traffic isn't too heavy.
I was delayed by a traffic jam.
Impatient at the delay, many drivers began to blow their horns.
I was caught in traffic.
In spite of the heavy traffic, I managed to get to the airport in time.
I think you'll make it if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam.
We missed our plane because of the traffic jam.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
Which train should I take to go to Shibuya?
I ran into Mr Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
The area of an 8-foot square room is square feet.
It's heavy, but I can manage it.
The floor gave in under the weight of the heavy safe.
It's so heavy that I can't lift it.
Because it seems to be heavy.
The ice cracked under the weight.
The loaded desk groaned again.
Heavy industry always benefits from war.
The severely injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
For all their serious wounds, all of them were in good spirits.
The very sick baby was under careful observation by the doctors.
There will be grave decisions to be made.
Budget items that received priority are education, social security and other fields that are closely related to people's lives.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Because of a serious disease, he can't move his body as most people can.
The top execs are gathering for a power breakfast.
The executive committee appointed him the president of the company.
He got up enough guts to break the ice at the board meeting.
You should write down whatever seems to be important.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
It is not the goal but the way there that matters.
It is how effectively you use the available time that counts.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
It is not her looks that is important but her ability.
An important post was given Tom.
I play an important part.
They don't decide important matters.
Someone has gone off with important papers.
Gravity pulls things toward the center of the earth.
The hard work began to tell on him.
Avoid heavy labor It will be better in two weeks.
The gun was out of shot.
Guns are readily accessible to Americans.
Don't point your gun at me.
The gun suddenly went off when I was cleaning it.
Aim the gun at the target.
Gun makers have been able to escape responsibility for firearm violence.
A shot rang out.
The bullet penetrated his chest, leaving him in critical condition.
My uncle bought me the same camera as you have.
We are anticipating receiving a gift from our uncle.
I would rather our uncle visited us.
My uncle has made me what I am.
My uncle bought me this book.
My uncle took me for a ride in the countryside.
My uncle is not young, but healthy.
My uncle has a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
I went to Shikoku to visit my uncle.
Was it necessary that my uncle be informed?
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.
I'm planning to stay at my uncle's place.
I hear my uncle died of cancer.
He was named Horatio after his uncle.
My uncle lived a happy life.
My uncle died a year ago.
My uncle made a will last year.
Our uncle called on me all the way from Kyushu.
My uncle lived a happy life and died a peaceful death.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
My uncle yielded his car to me.
The uncle gave me a friendly piece of advice.
My uncle guaranteed my debts.
My uncle told me the story by way of a joke.
My uncle says he's about to embark on a new business venture.
My uncle has retired so he is at loose ends.
My uncle is a very heavy smoker; tobacco is indispensable to him.
My uncle has completely recovered from his illness.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
I made my peace with my aunt before she died.
My aunt treats me as if I were a child.
My aunt lived a happy life.
My aunt gave me an album.
My aunt lives in a lonely house in the country.
We'll have to camp out if we can't find a place to stay.
The landlord barked at his servants.
The inn was no better than a log cabin.
When I have homework to do, my brother always helps me with it.
I can't go out because I have a lot of homework.
His homework having been finished, Tom went to bed.
Please wait till I have finished my homework.
Did you do the last problem of the homework?
The homework is due next Monday.
You have to finish your homework right away.
All my homework is done.
I will be watching TV at nine o'clock tonight in spite of much homework.
Have you done your assignment yet?
Write your homework in ink, not in pencil.
Are you completely through with your homework?
The homework was easily done.
You are supposed to hand in your homework by Friday.
The teacher excused me for being late for class.
She told him off for not doing his homework.
When I have finished my homework, I'll go for a swim.
I'll come when I have done my homework.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Having done my homework, I had a chat with Mom.
Don't watch TV until you finish your work.
Having done my homework, I had a chat with Mum.
The boy left his homework half-finished.
Do your homework.
It took me three hours to finish my homework.
You ought to have done the homework.
Let's do the homework together.
Submit your homework on Monday.
After he had done his homework, he watched TV.
I played video games after I finished my homework.
It was very nice of you to help me with my homework.
It is very nice of you to help me with my homework.
I will go out after I finish my homework.
After completing the homework, I reflected on something I had read in Truman's.
After I had done my homework, I went to bed.
Are you through with your homework?
It took me three hours to finish the homework.
I must get my homework finished.
I'm thankful to you for your helping me with my homework.
I have done all of my homework and I'd like to take a short break.
I have done all my homework and now I am completely free until Monday.
It's a relief to have finished the assignment on time.
Turn in your homework.
Hand in your homework by next Monday.
I'd like to stay at your hotel.
Can I extend my stay one more night?
Could you please sign the register?
Let me know where you're staying.
Does the price include accommodation?
Yoshiko is an Anzai.
I'm going to make reduced copies.
A ripe apple dropped from the tree.
Eat green fruit and ten to one you will get ill.
A good salesman will not encroach on his customer's time.
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
A skilled mechanic earns decent wages.
Somebody came to see me while I was out.
Don't you want to go out?
I was about to go out when he called on me.
I was about to leave home when the telephone rang.
We were about to start, when it began to rain.
I was about to go out when he came to see me.
I wish you would shut the door when you go out.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out.
I would sooner stay than go.
It was time to leave.
It's time to go.
Are you ready to go out?
Please lock the door before you go out.
I would like another cup of tea before I go.
Be sure to turn off the gas before you go out.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
Make sure you turn everything off before you leave.
You should make sure of it before you go.
See that the door is locked before you leave.
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
Make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave.
I've got to shave before leaving.
You want to eat before you go.
Be sure to put out the light before you go out.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before going out.
I want you to have a definite plan before you leave.
I'll come as soon as ever I can.
You must eat what you are served.
Could you let it out?
Let me out!
If you give at all, give quickly.
Hand it over. That's all you've got?
Making a good start is half the battle.
Get your carcass out of here!
The man who stepped out was frowning.
I had scarcely gone out before the phone rang.
You are free to leave any time you wish.
Get out!
I was about to leave when Mary appeared out of the blue.
Either go out or come in.
Be sure to put the fire out before you leave.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
Envy is the companion of honour.
The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
The cast was given a standing ovation.
The fire must have broken out after the staff had gone home.
In case of fire, push the button.
In case of fire, you should dial immediately.
Thank you for the shipment.
Thank you very much for informing me that the shipment will be delayed.
Thank you very much if the shipment has already been made and please disregard this inquiry.
Would you please let me know the delivery time?
Thank you for coming to meet me.
I'm bleeding badly.
I've started bleeding.
It won't stop bleeding.
Do you have any bleeding?
Something has to be done to stop the bleeding.
Where is the way out?
When I got to the office, I had tons of work waiting for me. I was running around like a chicken with its head cut off.
He always talks as though he knows how to handle himself but you never know how he'll act when the chips are down.
Damages from the flood amount to ten million dollars.
Luck and hard work are necessary if you want to advance in life.
If you wish to get on in the world, you must not shrink from effort.
You have to be aggressive to be a success.
If you are to succeed in life, work harder.
The mortality rate per live births are set out in figure 13.1.
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
Those present were, for the most part, students.
The people present were surprised.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
Those present were all astonished at the results of the election.
You ought not to miss it.
I will join it!
Please let me know by Wednesday if you can't attend.
You can't attend? Why not?
Those who are present are all Japanese.
Attendance had been falling off and such people as did come sat about indifferently.
She was the brightest and gayest of all present.
There was no objection on the part of those present.
Among those present was our principal.
Among those present was the Mayor.
There were forty people present.
Those present rose as one man and walked out.
Those present took it for genuine gold.
Those present were almost all women.
Those present were so kind.
Those present were all against the plan.
Those present were charmed by her beauty.
Those present were fewer than we had expected.
Your attendance will affect your final grade.
How was the attendance?
Do you have many out-of-town assignments?
I took advantage of my business trip to see the sights of Paris.
The gate was left open.
They said they'd make the boarding announcement minutes before takeoff.
Scarcely had I started out when it began to rain.
Hardly had I started when it began to rain.
I would like to see you before I leave.
It is really time for us to go.
Call me before you leave.
I'm all set to start.
Are you ready to set off?
Are you ready to start?
What is the departure time?
There still is time until leaving.
I'd like to confirm the departure time.
I'd like to settle the transportation arrangements before I leave.
All the arrangements should be made prior to our departure.
Will you please order a copy of the book from the publisher?
Skip the problems you can not do and go ahead.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I'll do my best.
Please speak as clearly as you can.
Please write to me as soon as you can.
Please speak as slowly as possible.
I'd like inexpensive seats, if possible.
I will make up for the lost time by studying as hard as I can.
Please give us your answer as soon as possible.
Do it as soon as possible.
I will pay my debt as soon as possible.
We want the meeting arranged as soon as possible.
We have to avoid a conflict as far as possible.
Try to read as many books as possible.
As far as I can, I'll help you.
Lend me what money you can.
I'll try to finish it in time as best I can.
I'd like to go fishing if possible.
I would like to, but I have a previous appointment.
I'd like to make a reservation to play golf tomorrow.
I'll be back by tomorrow, if possible.
The turnover was million shares.
We are doing business at piecework payment basis.
Spring is here. It is getting warmer every day.
Spring is coming soon.
Spring has come around.
Spring came on.
Spring is drawing near.
Do you like spring or autumn?
I'm looking forward to the return of spring.
When spring comes, the days get longer day by day.
When spring comes, people go out to pick wild plants.
The snow melted away when spring came.
In the spring, when the days grew longer and the sun warmer, she waited for the first robin to return from the south.
Everything in the fields and mountains looks fresh when spring comes.
When spring comes, it gets warm.
Love begins playing his old tricks every spring.
It was springtime... and everything was quiet and peaceful in the country.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
Let's contrast spring with fall.
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?
Autumn is suitable for study, compared with spring.
It was a little too muggy for spring.
When spring arrives, I am going to take up a new sport.
I look forward to seeing them this spring.
When spring arrives, I'm going to take up a new sport.
In spring, everyone wakes up early.
Every spring, the winter ice melts into the streams and rivers and lakes.
In spring it becomes warmer and warmer.
Everywhere looks beautiful in the spring.
Woods grow greener in the spring.
Every spring the river floods here.
When spring comes, they dig up the fields and plant seeds.
When spring sets in, the flowers smell sweet.
In spring everything looks bright.
A lot of flowers begin to bloom in spring.
In spring, we like to give the house a thorough cleaning.
In spring the days get longer.
A great many tourists visit Kyoto in spring.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
Trees put forth new leaves and buds in spring.
On a fine day in spring, we enjoyed a walking tour to the full.
A spring rain revived the flower.
The air was scented with spring flowers.
Spring is followed by summer.
The approach of spring brings warm weather.
With the coming of spring, everything is gradually coming to life again.
The grass came to life with the coming of spring.
In spring days are not always warm.
It was so nice to sit on the grass in the spring sun.
The buds burst open at the first sign of spring.
Spring brings warm weather and beautiful flowers.
Spring is around the corner.
Spring is the season I like the best.
Spring is just around the corner.
The spring was still young.
Spring is the season that Lucy likes best.
Spring is a delightful season.
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
Spring makes us hopeful about the future.
Spring brings warm days and beautiful flowers.
Spring comes between winter and summer.
Spring comes after winter.
Spring is the time to plant trees.
Spring will be late.
I feel spring in the air.
How long is your spring vacation?
Haruko likes warm springs.
Haruki and Machiko were very happy to see each other again.
Haruki doesn't have much money with him.
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.
Junko is a pretty girl.
Junko will have to study math tonight.
Hang on a bit until I'm ready.
Aren't you ready?
My older brother did all the preparation.
Having made all the preparations, he set out for Tokyo.
Everything is all arranged.
Look on both sides of the shield.
Junko is quite familiar with English.
The policeman was on his usual nightly round.
Wait until your turn comes.
Get on the bus in turn.
Wait for your turn, please.
Thanks to the favorable wind, we soon reached the island.
Hoist your sail when the wind is fair.
We should abolish the death penalty.
Let me see your prescription.
I'll give you a prescription.
I have important business to take care of in my office.
A friend I went with on our first trip abroad had his wallet pickpocketed. I don't think it left a very good impression.
You have to pace yourself or you'll choke halfway through.
We enjoyed every minute of the party.
I've known it all along.
For the first time, he stood to take a real interest in his studies.
I am glad to make your acquaintance.
I ate durian for the first time.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
It was just years ago that I visited New Zealand for the first time.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
Everything is so new to me!
Is this your first visit here?
For the first time a satellite was launched into orbit.
It is a good habit to look up new words in a dictionary.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
A new case occurred. They applied the new rule to it.
The first time I met Betty, I was nervous.
They went on a trip abroad for the first time.
I mistook you for your sister when I first saw you.
I took you for Roy when I first saw you.
It is a good practice to look up in a dictionary words seen for the first time.
I feel embarrassed when I meet somebody for the first time.
I remember the night when I first saw the Milky Way.
When did you first come over to Japan?
When I first met him, I was taken aback by his unexpected question.
The first time I held my girlfriend's hand was in the haunted house.
It is not unnatural that you should feel anxious about your first flight.
To start with, I want to thank you all.
To begin with, we have no money now.
In the beginning was the Word.
At first I felt a bit too shy to speak to her.
At first, it is difficult.
At the beginning, I was bored with radio gymnastics, but now I do not dislike it.
The first step is the hardest.
In the beginning, man was almost the same as the other animals.
At first I did not like rock music, but now I do.
At first, he thought English very difficult, but now he thinks it is easy.
At first, everything seemed difficult.
At first the job looked good to Tom, but later it became tiresome.
At first their abilities are more limited than those of animals.
Nice to meet you, Ken.
Well begun, well finished.
Crashes in the early days of commercial jets tended to be caused by technical faults, such as metal fatigue in the airframe or engines.
Some early religion's leaders were persecuted by their enemies.
When the early Protestant immigrants came to this country, they brought the idea that work was the way to God and heaven.
Early man used his fingers and toes to count the animals he owned, or the measures of grain he had stored.
Early man migrated to all parts of the world.
Are you using the default settings?
Why don't you carry out what you've set out to do?
This is the first time I heard about it.
At no time does the plain look so perfect as in early autumn.
It is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing.
It's dangerous for a beginner to swim here.
Is it open to beginners?
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
Do you have a course for beginners?
Is this your first visit?
Registration for the first visit is at Counter No.1.
Have you been here before?
My first sexual experience was with a woman some years older than I was.
When I first met him, I thought he was putting on airs.
I had my first period when I was years old.
There were many upsets right from the first day.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
Sometimes first offenders are in need of help.
I ran across her in Mongolia, of all places.
You shall have what money I have.
For his length of loyal service to his organization, he was only repaid in chicken feed.
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?
The chief pronounced that the technique was inadequate.
An income tax is levied on any income that exceeds deductions.
There was no objection on the part of the owner.
I'll serve you a cup of nice and hot coffee.
What with the heat and the humidity, I didn't sleep well.
When it is hot, one usually sees him in white.
It is warm, not to say hot.
The hot weather turns milk.
Milk does not keep long on a hot day.
Milk goes bad quickly in hot weather.
Hot summer days ended and cool autumn days followed.
The hot weather changed snow into water.
It is strange that people in hot climate eat hot things like curry.
During the hot season, my son's skin breaks out easily.
During hot season, perishables go bad easily.
We have had a long spell of hot weather.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
In hot weather, water evaporates more quickly.
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
How much is that mountain bike?
Hot tears ran down her cheeks.
It was hot, and in addition, it was humid.
It being hot, she was wet with sweat.
It was so hot that I slept with the window open.
Feeling hot, I turned on the fan.
You will melt.
It is too hot to stay here.
I'm baking!
The most likely sources of energy in hot and dry regions are the wind and the sun.
It's too hot.
He could not sleep because of the heat.
Let's go out before it gets hot.
Hot, dry areas will become hotter and drier.
The heat has relaxed.
The heat told on him.
The heat kept me awake all night.
Many runners passed out in the heat.
I was affected by the summer heat.
The heat really gets me.
The hot sun made the flowers hang down.
No heat or cold lasts beyond the equinox.
The long spell of hot weather withered up the plants.
How are you getting along in this hot weather?
I wrote to everybody inquiring after their health in the hot season.
How are you getting along in these hot days?
There were flocks of people on the beach.
From a humble background, John achieved worldwide fame.
The people followed the dictator like so many sheep.
His hand was trembling as he picked up his pen to sign.
You'd better examine the contract carefully before signing.
Could you write it down, please?
I have to write a letter.
Compare the copy with the original.
The writing style is much less complicated in this article.
If you are to make a success of writing, you have to work hard.
Give me some paper to write on.
Stop writing and hand your paper in.
There is no paper to write on.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
Do you have anything to write?
I have read every book on the shelf.
He often shuts himself up in the study and writes things like this.
There is an anteroom adjoining the library.
Please be sure to sign and seal the form.
Books must follow sciences, and not sciences books.
You had better fix the bookcase to the wall.
You can get it at a bookstore.
Learning calligraphy is fun.
If it were not for books, each generation would have to rediscover for itself the truths of the past.
Books and friends should be few but good.
Books add to the pleasures of life.
So valuable were books that the greatest care was taken of them.
Apply in writing.
The papers blew off.
Divide the pile of documents equally, and take them one by one to either side of the room.
Sign your name at the end of the paper.
Please don't take the documents out of this room.
Have you finished the papers?
The documents were tampered with.
All the papers were taped up and kept in the safe.
Keep the paper in the inside pocket.
Will you hand the papers around?
Gentlemen, allow me to say a few words in greeting.
The first thing you must learn is to stand on your own ideas.
Are you going to learn English?
You should work in the interests of humanity.
All of you have to read it.
The facts bear out this hypothesis.
You have to pay for utilities.
Call on me if you need my assistance.
Let's endure till help comes.
I want to express my appreciation for your help.
You've got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
I am very much obliged to you for your help.
Help me, please.
I took him out to dinner in return for his help.
Is there any help available?
It is our obligation to help.
I had trouble making him hear me calling for help.
There is no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
A call for help rang through the night.
Please send for help.
I heard a cry for help.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
It is important to help each other.
Advice isn't much good to me. I need money.
I tried to give him some advice, but he just abused me violently.
An expert was called for advice.
We want an assistant, preferably someone with experience.
Three women and a goose make a market.
Women are always buying hats.
A woman thinks of everything in terms of money.
Woman as she was, she was brave.
A woman asked me for directions.
A woman's strength is in her tongue.
A girl should not sit with her legs crossed.
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
The girl was heard to sing a song.
I saw a girl tumble and ran to her in spite of myself.
Keep an eye on the girls; they are poor swimmers.
Keep an eye on the girls.
The girls burst into laughter when they heard his joke.
Girl as she was, Joan was not daunted at all.
What he said about girls holds true of boys, too.
There is no stopping a girl's tongue.
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.
A little girl caught her fingers in the door.
Bob felt embarrassed when he was treated in front of some girls.
Some of the girls like that sort of music, and some don't.
The girl insisted on being taken to the zoo.
Both girls wear white suits.
Girls like to show off their fine clothes.
The girl was called Elizabeth after her grandmother.
The girls are facing each other.
Girls think much of fashion.
Almost all girls are kind.
Girls use makeup in their low teens.
The girl broke into tears.
The girl didn't like to wash dishes.
The girl hugged her doll.
Girls mature faster than boys.
The girl wore yellow ribbons in her hair.
The girls were not afraid, but the boys were.
The girls were sitting side by side.
The girl came dancing toward me.
The girls couldn't wait to show off their fine needle work to us.
The girls amused themselves playing games.
The girls began to laugh when they heard the story.
Where are the girls?
All the girls helped each other.
The girls objected to our plan.
A woman's mind and winter wind change often.
A woman was kind enough to show me the way.
A woman was hanging the washing on the line.
How happy you must be to have a new baby girl!
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
For a girl, after 30, it's downhill all the way.
Women like to talk.
The woman reached for the knife on the table.
She had nothing else to drink.
She rides to the black sabbath.
The woman tried on one hat after another, then left the hat shop.
She attributed her success to luck.
Women ought to be as glad to be women as men are to be men.
A woman is the woe of man.
They named the ship Queen Mary after the Queen.
An exhibition was given in anticipation of the Queen's visit.
The part of the queen does not suit her.
The Queen lives in Buckingham Palace.
The queen was wearing a magnificent silver dress.
The queen was gracious enough to invite us.
The queen was richly appareled.
The Queen made an address to the nation.
The Queen made an address to the nation on television yesterday.
The queen shook hands with each player after the game.
The queen visited the museum.
The queen is going to address parliament next week.
The Queen is to visit China next year.
God save the Queen.
Long live the Queen!
May the queen live long!
Three cheers for my Queen!
She was even more surprised when she heard Miss Baker say, "Excuse me, but may I change places with you?"
The women's college had a very small car park, and as several of the teachers and students, and many of the student's boyfriends, had cars, it was often difficult to find a place to park.
Where is the ladies' room? I want to wash my hands.
An office girl was robbed of an envelope containing 100,yen on her way back from the bank.
A woman is a weathercock.
A woman's mind and winter wind change oft.
Career opportunities, flex-time, satellite offices, and more childcare facilities are required to make women at home join the work force.
A woman is taking down some notes on a pad of paper.
It took some years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
Women talk about trivial things when talking with men.
What accounts for the fact that women outlive men?
A woman was driving a car on a country road.
It is quite common for women to go out to work.
A woman is giving a book a quick once-over.
Woman as she was, she fought bravely.
Woman as she is, she can lift this barbell.
Some women are quick at figures.
We should not ask a woman her age.
How about holding a debate on women's rights?
Women's rights groups are going after sexual harassment.
Woman's intuition is clearly a valuable trait.
The position of women, over the years, has definitely changed for the better.
She wanted to know if the photographer could remove the hat from the picture.
"I forgot," she said.
Women tend to fuss over trifling matters.
Women usually have the gift of gab.
Most women enjoy shopping.
Why aren't women allowed to enjoy the same civil rights as men?
Women generally live longer than men.
Women no longer are satisfied with their traditional role of housewife, and are seeking recognition of needs in the workplace.
Men usually like wrestling as women do not.
Women usually live longer than men.
Women are said to be weak at figures.
Must the woman always play the secondary role?
Since women are taking on more responsibilities at work and in the community, it is said that the number of women with stress from both child-rearing and work is increasing.
Women use talking to maintain personal relationships.
Women are physically weaker than men.
Women want equality of opportunity with men.
Women are employed at a lower salary than men.
Women tend to live longer than men.
It is said that women live longer than men.
Women commonly live longer than men.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words.
Women have been resigned to unjust treatment for too long.
Women are easily moved to tears.
There were few colleges to educate women.
Never keep a lady waiting.
The changes resulting from the women's movement have affected both women and men.
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
The maid was totally tired of her household routine.
The shopwoman showed me a lot of neckties, but I didn't like any of them.
Knowing very well that his wife wanted to go to a movie, the husband, who was a dog in the manger, cooked up a scheme whereby they had to stay at home waiting for a certain visitor who was not expected to come.
My wife burst into tears.
Were you shouting at my wife?
A bad wife is the shipwreck of her husband.
Many times, a hen-pecked husband doesn't know his problems until he talks to a happy bachelor.
My wife's hands are slightly smaller than the shop assistant's.
The actress fell backward over the stage.
The actress tore up her contract angrily.
All the girls around her say she's got it coming.
In the introduction, the author is stating as follows.
How does the preface run?
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
Will I have a scar?
I was aching from the injury.
The wound won't close.
Do something about the flow of blood from the wound.
Stop the flow of blood from the wound.
Pus has formed in the wound.
The injured bird fell to the ground.
The wound is not yet healed.
The wound has not yet healed.
The wound was fatal to him.
To avoid spoiling, fish caught far out at sea are immediately cooled or even frozen.
Search not the wound too deep lest thou make a new one.
The wound discharged pus.
Don't touch the wound.
Let me see your wound.
The scar shows clearly.
Best of luck in your tournament.
The chances of victory or defeat are even.
It doesn't matter whether you win or not.
You must keep up your guard even after a victory.
Some will gain, others will lose.
There's an outside chance of winning.
All is fair in love and war.
If you win, you are in the right, but if you lose, you are in the wrong.
We have little chance of winning.
Do your best whether you win or lose.
Whether you win or lose, you should play fairly.
Whether we win or lose, we must play fairly.
Whether you win or lose, you should do your best in the match.
Masaru can't finish the work in an hour, can he?
Masaru doesn't care for this color.
Katsuko leads her class in English.
It is good to be a winner.
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
Have it your way.
Don't let your imagination run wild.
Don't try to duck out early. Where's your sense of responsibility?
Don't enter at the kitchen door.
The chances are even.
The match ended in a draw.
Her efforts were crowned with victory.
All hope of winning the game vanished.
On hearing of the victory, the whole nation shouted for joy.
Everyone got excited by the news of the victory.
The report of victory turned out to be a little premature.
It is important for us to learn to handle defeats as well as triumphs properly.
The victory made us more excited.
The day is ours without doubt.
Victory is unlikely but not impossible.
The victory made him a hero.
We fought hard for victory.
We're confident of our victory.
The servant gradually adjusted to his new surroundings.
The servant swept the floor.
Don't hesitate to tell me if there is anything you would like to eat.
Treat your servant more kindly.
Commercial television is an effective medium for advertising.
The soul of commerce is upright dealing.
Commerce led to the development of cities.
In the case of commercial airplanes, private companies compete to sell their product.
Trade companies aim at a new market in Asia.
The merchant bribed the politician.
The merchant sent the politician a bribe.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
The dealer took advantage of her ignorance and bought the picture very cheap.
Shall we shoot the breeze for a while before talking business?
The first session of the trade negotiations is at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
The shops were bad, but the factory was worse.
The shop did not want him.
Shops are quiet on weekdays.
He made good in business.
The business is slow.
Trade is getting depressed.
Merchants complain about the depression.
Such a business failure would sink any company.
Efficiency is the dominant idea in business.
I don't know the ABC of business.
Business is looking up.
Your business is flourishing, I hear.
How's business?
Business is quite slow.
Business is declining.
It's all up with my business.
The business is in the red.
Business was a little slow last month.
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
Two of a trade seldom agree.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
Please use our toll-free number for calls regarding merchandise.
Don't touch the goods.
If you wish, you may pick them up, or we would be glad to send them back to you.
All the goods for sale are set out on the tables.
The goods were transported by ship.
It often happens that goods sell all the better for their high price.
Commercial Code can be called an enterprise method.
The Commerce Department reports retail sales rose seven-tenths of percent last month mainly thanks to strong auto sales.
The scholarship made it possible for him to continue his education.
The scholarship enabled her to go to university.
The scholarship enable her to go to college.
The scholarship enabled her to study abroad.
He who would the daughter win, with the mother must begin.
The general's massive presence awes everyone.
The general never lost his presence of mind in the face of the large force of the enemy.
The general commanded that the city be attacked.
The general had 20/hindsight about the defeat, but no foresight at all.
The general shook hands with us.
The general took the bull by the horns and saved his army from disaster.
The general commanded him to report to headquarters.
The general commanded them to move on.
The general participated in the plot with his men.
The general concentrated the soldiers in Paris.
The general ordered the massacre of all war prisoners.
The general said to the brave man, "You deserve a medal."
The general cut a distinguished figure in his dress uniform.
Officers will henceforth wear ties at dinner.
The officer inspired his men to be brave.
When, one day, computers undertake to translate literary works, it will be the end of literature as we know it.
In the future we may need to take another look at the way decisions such as this are actually implemented.
What do you want to be in the future?
What are you going to be in the future?
What would he like to be in the future?
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
You never can tell what will happen in the future.
You should think about your future.
Do you feel secure about the future?
Put by money for the future.
We must provide for future.
I feel uneasy about my future.
How to meet future energy demand is a big question we must consider.
You'd better study for the sake of your future.
I am full of anxiety about the future.
I can't help thinking of the future.
You mustn't spare your efforts so that you can realize your dream in the future.
I'd like to get into journalism in the future.
Please take more care in the future.
In the future, we won't be handicapped by old age.
It is not mine to foretell the future.
Who can tell what will happen in the future?
What will happen in the future no one can tell.
We can't tell what may happen in the future.
Who can predict what will happen in the future?
There is no telling what will happen in the future.
It is impossible to know what will happen in the future.
What would you like to be in the future?
The truth will come out in the future.
People tomorrow will have different ideas.
There will be a big earthquake in the future.
There was something about that house that made her stop and look again.
She couldn't be sold for gold or silver, so she just stayed there and watched.
The small house had come to look shabby, though it was just as good as ever underneath.
At night, she used to dream of the country and the field of daisies and the apple trees dancing in the moonlight.
She watched the grass turn green.
He makes a mountain out of a molehill.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
Three pieces, including a small one.
I noticed that a small gray animal was looking toward us.
Small print looks dim.
Young children soon pick up words they hear.
Small children tend to wander off if you don't watch them all the time.
A small car takes little room.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
Little girls in general are fond of dolls.
The small boys rang the door bell and ran away.
A small town lies between the big cities.
Be kind to little animals.
I can't read small letters.
It's too small.
The tiny birthmark took nothing from her loveliness.
This is fairly good except for minor mistakes.
Don't trouble about small things.
In spite of their tiny restaurant they managed to pull through the recession.
Draw a small circle.
Tiny blossoms have come out all over the river bank.
The small companies were absorbed into a big organization.
A small bridge arched the stream.
The owner of the small dog gripped its neck and scolded it.
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.
Small children can be very destructive.
Even a little child knows its name.
Small children often like books about dragons and other monsters.
When a small boy is helping you, you must make allowance for his age.
The little children looked tired from swimming.
To teach young children is not easy.
None but little children would believe it.
Little children always question things we adults take for granted.
Small children are afraid of being left alone in the dark.
Little children like to touch everything.
Small children are very curious.
You oughtn't to go out with the little boy remaining alone.
The lives of little children are full of fears.
Little girls are dancing in the woods.
Little girls like playing with dolls.
There is a small pond here.
A little kindness goes a long way.
A small village grew into a large city.
Life is very flat in a small village.
His happy life went on in a small village.
The little boy said hello to me.
The little boy was lost in the forest.
Little birds are singing merrily.
Could you find me a house that has a small garden?
A small toolkit can be very handy when you are traveling.
Light cares speak, great ones are dumb.
A small, naked bulb gave the only illumination.
An umbrella is useful in a mild rain, but when it rains cats and dogs an umbrella is of little help.
The roof of the hut groaned under the weight of the snow.
From the look of the cabin, no one lives in it.
The huts were built with a space of meters in between.
The cabin was torn asunder by the storm.
The cottage will not endure a strong wind.
The cottages were blown down one after another.
Clean out the shed and throw away things you don't need.
I've loved French cakes since elementary school.
I miss my elementary school teachers.
Elementary school children go to school for a term of six years.
It was hard for him to live on his small pension.
You can get only NHK in the Ogasawara islands.
Small business are often absorbed by a major company.
Small businesses are often absorbed by a major company.
Hire a minivan by the hour.
The small car boom is ending.
Small cars are very economical because of their low fuel consumption.
I'd like to rent a compact car.
It is great fun to play with a puppy.
The pup snapped at my hand.
I approached my father about an increase in allowance.
Don't pick at me.
The peasants rose up in rebellion against the ruler.
My little finger is swollen.
Little thing please little minds.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
The little boat bobbed on the rough sea.
Small things amuse small minds.
I'd like to see Mr Kosugi.
Please speak in a low voice.
May I pay by check?
I'd like to pay by check.
I will pay for it by check.
Will you take a check?
Write the amount on the check in letters as well as figures.
Will you take a personal check?
A check is a method of paying money to somebody.
Putting the check in my pocket, I started for the door.
I don't have the numbers of my checks.
The success of her novel made her rich.
Beyond the novel, we come to works whose avowed aim is information.
A new school of fiction has grown up.
Fiction is as old as fairy tales and myths.
All in all, the novel was a success.
The only reason for the existence of a novel is that it does attempt to represent life.
When we write a novel, we exercise our imagination.
The novelist is interested in human beings.
The novelist talked to a large audience.
Writers such as novelists and poets don't seem to benefit much from the advance of science.
We can hear a brook murmuring.
A stream flows into the lake.
She watched the children playing in the brook.
Drink water from a stream.
Do you have small change with you?
Do you have any small change?
I'm sorry, I don't have smaller change.
I'd like to have smaller bills mixed in.
Please include lots of small change.
Is Mr Ozawa going to be the next manager?
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
The birds fluttered away at the noise.
Little birds are singing merrily in the trees.
Birds are singing in the trees.
The little birds broke forth in song.
The birds were singing in the forest.
Birds were singing up in the tree.
The birds are singing merrily.
Can you tell one bird from another by hearing them?
The little bird couldn't defend itself against the eagle.
We must preserve birds.
Little birds sing merrily.
Little birds sing merrily in the trees.
Akane Oda got her start in a petite miss beauty contest.
Which train is bound for Odawara?
Mr Kojima had a smoke after breakfast.
I saw some small animals running away in all directions.
He cleared the path of snow.
The path winds through the woods.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
That car in the middle of the path is an inconvenience.
I walked along the footpath.
A little pot is soon hot.
Jump out of the frying pan into the fire.
The kitten was drinking milk under the table.
The brain needs a continuous supply of blood.
A retail merchant buys wholesale and sells retail.
The retail price index is a barometer of economic activity.
Seed the fields with wheat.
A wheat import ban was enacted.
The wheat is ready for harvest.
You can make a cake with flour and milk and an egg.
Flour is sold by the pound.
Flour is the main ingredient in cakes.
Flour is made into bread.
Flour is made from wheat.
A bill came along with the package.
I'm afraid I have addressed the parcel wrongly.
Will you weigh this parcel?
The package will arrive in London on August 17.
Parcels are handled at the next window.
Let me know when you get the package.
I have just been to the post office to send a parcel.
There is an extra charge for mailing packages by express.
The girl snapped up the package and pointed to a little old man standing beside her.
As well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
Kobayashi is lost in the music.
Don't you think you are a little too pushy?
Could you lend me some money? I'm short of cash at the moment.
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
May I speak to you a minute?
I was a little disappointed.
Will you give me some?
How about adding a touch of pepper?
It's a gradual thing.
Little by little our knowledge of English increases.
Gradually things began to look a little less black.
Little by little the water gets shallower.
Would you turn down the stereo a little?
It will hurt a little, but not much.
Would you just move along a bit, please?
It allowed of no delay.
Do you mind if I watch TV for a while?
Apart from a few spelling mistakes, it is a good composition.
You'd better relax a bit.
Little help did I get.
May I take a rest for a while?
Could you take care of the baby for a while?
I will stay here for a short period.
We had better leave her alone for a few minutes.
He found difficulty in making ends meet on his small salary.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
There was a short pause and the housewife said...
Would you give me a discount?
Is he anything of a scholar?
Is there any hope whatsoever?
I can follow you partly.
Settle down for a while and concentrate.
I have a little money with me now.
It might be discreet of you to bend a little to the prevailing wind.
I understand his point in a way.
Are you feeling better?
I was a little afraid.
With a little planning, I think we can take our company to the top.
Feeling a little dizzy, I sat down for a while.
We're not a bit too soon.
Little help did he give me.
Since I lost a little weight, my belt got loose.
I've lost a little weight.
He could not refrain from smiling, though with a slight sense of guilt.
Can't you discount it a little?
Do you think a little salt would improve the flavor?
I think I'll lie down for a while.
Can I play some music?
A few hours nap will do you good.
"Could you move over a little?" "Oh, sorry. I didn't realize I was taking up so much space."
I want to take a rest.
I'll be fine if I take a little rest.
Seen at a distance, the two look alike.
The work will come easy with a little practice.
A little thought will tell you that the whole plan is out of the question.
A little reflection will make you realize you are wrong.
I had gone some distance before I missed my wallet.
I pulled my punches a little.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
Would you mind if I left a little early?
We're a little early.
All I did was run a little and now my knees are wobbly.
I felt my heart pound after running a little.
You seem to have gained some weight.
Would you mind waiting a moment?
I hadn't waited long before he came along.
If you hold on a moment, I will get Jane on the phone.
Hold on a minute, please.
Won't you take something off this price?
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.
I have a slight headache.
I became very sleepy after a bit of reading.
Having a slight fever, I stayed in bed.
I think I've got a touch of fever.
You may have a slight fever.
I have some shopping to do.
There is a little chill in the air.
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
A short walk will bring you to the station.
A short walk brought me to the lake.
A short walk brought me to the museum.
I've got to catch some Z's.
I need to get some shut-eye.
Would you mind holding your tongue for a while?
We'd better go back a little.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a ball.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a squatting human figure.
Seen at a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
Seen at a distance, she looked like a woman of about fifty.
I think it's a good idea to spend some time apart so you can see each other differently.
At a distance, the ship looks like an island.
I'll lend you what little money I have on me.
Living on a small income is hard.
Make the best of your small income.
Not a few houses were destroyed in the typhoon.
We were not a little disappointed with you.
At least, not that one. You see, I give the lecture.
You might at least say thank you.
There were at least a hundred people present.
No less than one hundred people were present.
The situation in Hungary was more confused, at least until 1947.
Brush your teeth twice a day at least.
At least thirty students were absent.
Not less than percent of students go on to university.
At least percent of students go on to university.
Not less than fifty passengers were injured in the traffic accident.
Come at least at six.
You should call on your parents at least once a month.
You must not forget to write to your parents at least once a month.
I believe in you at any rate.
At least they should have a map.
Do you want small bills or large?
A major is above a captain.
It was very far-sighted for that company to change its policy to accommodate the decrease in numbers of children and the aging of society.
The girl was carrying a plastic bag stuffed full of things.
A girl is playing the flute.
A girl was making a speech in the park.
A girl appeared before me.
Girls came in one after another.
One of the girls was left behind.
Each of the girls has a doll in her arms.
The girls were dancing lightly like so many butterflies.
The girls chased after their teen-age idol.
The girls arranged their party.
The girls danced to music.
The girls came singing toward the crowd.
The girls clubbed together to help the poor family.
The girls wanted to pick beautiful flowers in spring.
The girls were trussed up and left in a cellar.
The girls will not play tennis tomorrow.
The girl looked around.
The girl danced for joy.
The girl made an awkward bow.
The little girl played an angel in the Christmas play.
When the girl was scolded, she assumed a look of innocence.
The girl caused her to get injured while skiing.
The girl was aware of the danger.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
The little girl just kept crying.
The girl stood up to her knees in the water.
The girl was pleased when she got a present.
The girl writes a good hand though she is still only ten.
The girl lifted her face, still wet with tears.
The girl vanished like magic.
The girl walked slowly.
The girl listened to music, the boy was reading a book.
The girl lacked musical ability.
The girl ran away from home and cut loose from her parents' control.
The girl stood in tears.
The girl shrank back in fear.
The girl trembled with fear.
The girl was trembling with fear.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
The girl tried hard to hold back her tears.
The girl is checking out the rear of the bicycle.
The girl is deeply attached to her aunt.
The girl cried out for help.
The little girl laughed her tears away.
The girl melted into tears.
The girl kindly told me the way to the museum.
The girl squeezed her doll affectionately.
The girl has a pure voice.
The girl was in her best.
The girl made a doll out of a piece of cloth.
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.
The girl brought me a red and white rose.
The girl let the bird loose.
The girl let the bird go.
The girl jumped to her feet and left the room.
The girl flung her arms around him.
The girl wanted to, but could not, tell him the truth.
The girl was overcome with grief.
The girl greeted me with a smile.
The girl went to school in spite of her illness.
A crying girl opened the door.
The girl threw her arms around her father's neck.
The little girl was carried back home in her father's arms.
The girl came into the room and burst into tears.
The girl played the baby to her mother.
The girl went to sleep.
The young girl laughed carelessly.
The little girl danced, with her eyes shining.
The girl was used to sitting up till late.
The girl was busy making tea for her friend.
The girl was not more careful than her friend.
The girl stood looking into the mirror.
The girls came dancing arm in arm.
Was their mother watching the girls?
The girls are wild about the film star.
The girls were all excited at the thought of meeting the actor.
Little girls sing merrily.
The girls reveled in dancing.
Would you please wait for a minute?
Hang on. I'll transfer you.
Hold on a minute, please. I'll see if he is in.
Please wait a moment. Yes, we have a reservation for you.
I will give you what little money I have.
It'll do no harm to drink a little whisky.
A few minor mistakes apart, your writing is good.
Give me some milk.
I'm rather proud of it.
A perfect knowledge of a few writers and a few subjects is more valuable than a superficial one of a great many.
You must also respect the opinions of the minority.
We should think much of the opinion of the minority.
The minority party made a last-ditch effort to block passage of the bills.
Minorities are despised in many countries.
Minorities are confronted with many hardships.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty and so on.
Although many pay lip service to the idea of affirmative action, in reality, very few minorities get hired.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice and poverty.
Three boys came in. I spoke to the boy who seemed to be the oldest.
Now that the boy was five, they had to think about which school to send him to.
A boy ran off with some money.
A boy made off with some money.
For the boy to swim across the river was impossible.
A boy was beating the drum.
Look at the boy jump!
A boy was throwing stones at the dog.
A boy came running towards me.
A boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle.
I saw a boy knocked down by a car.
I saw a boy crossing the street.
One of the boys suddenly ran away.
One by one the boys went out of the room.
The boys were banging about upstairs.
Aren't the boys staying with you?
The boy went down the river on a raft.
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
All the boys enjoyed skiing.
All the boys looked down.
All the boys spoke, each in turn.
The boys are all of an age.
One by one, the boys came to see what I was reading.
All the boys spoke in turn.
The boys marched on, singing merrily.
Sometimes the boys would play a trick on their teacher.
All the boys spoke each in turn.
We hardly had enough cake for every boy.
A boy and a girl came in. I spoke to the boy, who seemed to be older than the girl.
The boy and the girl seem to know each other.
The boy and his uncle faced each other across the table.
He's only a boy, but he is very thoughtful.
For the boy, his father represented authority.
His mother's letters were an anchor to the boy.
I bade the boy go out.
I would walk in the woods when I was a boy.
When he was a boy, his home environment was good.
The boy has a paint spot on his shirt.
A group of boys were coming up to me.
When I was a boy, I was addicted to reading detective stories.
There is every promise of the boy's release.
The boy cried what a tall building it was.
The boy set a bird free.
The boy is always mocked by his classmates.
The boy was always reckless of danger.
The boy considered the dolphin his best friend.
The boy spilled the ink, but he didn't mean to.
The boy acknowledged having lied.
The little boy hung his head and said nothing.
The boy liked to keep his pencils sharp.
The boy released a bird from the cage.
The boy ran and ran toward the goal.
The boy deserved praise for saving the child's life.
The boy was absorbed in playing a computer game.
The boy was anxious for a bicycle.
The boy sat there reading a weekly magazine.
The boy slung a stone at the dog.
The boy was bright-eyed with delight at the present.
The boy captured the bird with a net.
The boy lay on the sofa.
The boy claims he knows nothing about it.
The boy knows many magic tricks.
The boy said that the taxi vanished into the fog.
The boy grew taller and taller, till at last he exceeded his father in height.
The boy was holding a mouse by the tail.
The boy seized the ladder, and began to climb.
The boy was clever enough to solve the puzzle.
The boy has a bat under his arm.
The boy took off his cap.
The boy was about to jump into the lake.
The boy decided to observe and record honeybees in detail.
The boy decided to observe and record bees in detail.
The boy skipped over the fence.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
The boy stripped off his clothes.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
The boy told his mother about it first of all when he got home.
The boy admitted having broken the vase.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
The boy rolled downstairs.
The boy returned with his face covered with mud.
The boy pretended that he was so sick that he couldn't go to school.
The little boy struggled to free himself from the policeman.
The boy threw a stone at the dog.
The boy passed the time by flinging stones into the lake.
The boy ran away without looking back.
The boy persisted in his opinion.
The boy is to be praised in so far as he did his best.
The boy bowed to me.
A boy came running toward me.
The boy ran away when he saw me.
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.
The boy saw himself as an adult.
The boy passed the examination with success.
He kept at the job all day.
The boy lay on his back, basking in the spring sunshine.
The boy clasped the puppy to his chest.
The boy locked his arm in the girl's.
The boy hit the ball with his new bat.
The boy showed off his new bicycle to everyone.
The boy jumped into the water.
The boy grew up to be a famous scientist.
The boy had a red face.
The boy admitted breaking the window.
The boy came running into the room.
The boy came back to life.
The boy has grown out of all his old clothes.
The little boy shied away from the TV camera.
The boy was gazing at a school of carp in the pond.
The boy was sold into slavery.
The boy is bashful and doesn't talk much.
Both the boys shouted out.
The boy was so tired that he could walk no longer.
The boy pretended that he was too sick to go to school.
The boy made believe he was too ill to go to school.
The boy took no notice of his father's advice.
The boy looked into the room.
The boy quivered at the sound.
The boy stole money from his mother's handbag.
The boy bent his steps from the path.
The youth was arrested for being involved in a riot.
The boy has taken the toy away from his little sister.
The boy was full.
The boy could not find his way out of the maze.
The boy was engrossed in constructing a model plane.
The boy carved his name on the tree.
The boy stripped a tree of the bark.
The boy was fed up with being treated as a burden.
The boy faintly resembled his father in appearance.
The boy was watching the sheep.
The boy was very sharp at physics.
The boy entered by the back door.
The boy may have told a lie to please his parents.
Boys, be ambitious.
I came near being drowned, trying to rescue a boy.
You may trust the boy. He is above lying.
In his boyhood, Yasunari Kawabata took care of his grandfather.
His boyhood experiences taught him what it was like to be poor.
Sometimes it is pleasant to look back on one's childhood.
Boys and girls were parading along the street.
They walked with him to an old wooden building near the farmhouse.
All the boys thought Carol was a dog.
The boy stood on end.
All the boys went away.
Taking no notice of the people around them, the boys talked loudly to each other.
The boys scampered in all directions at the sight of their teacher.
Keep an eye on the boys. They're mischievous.
The juvenile crimes are increasing recently.
However, the general crime number has not decreased though the juvenile delinquency stands out.
The increase in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
Juvenile delinquency is increasing.
Art is long, time is fleeting.
The floor had a good shine.
Please pick up the pen from the floor.
The floor gave way.
They laid the carpet on the floor.
There were bits of broken glass on the floor.
Scarcely had I gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I had hardly gone to bed when the telephone rang.
On going to bed, he fell asleep.
Wax the floor.
Get down!
What pet is always found on the floor?
Don't sit on the floor.
Is there anything on the floor?
The floor must be very clean.
The floor is so dirty that It requires washing.
The floor was covered with dust.
The floor was swimming with blood.
The floor sagged under the heavy weight.
The floor is made of boards.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
Look down at the floor.
Would you do me a favor by moving that chair over to the corner so that I can sweep the floor?
Newspapers lay scattered all over the floor.
The floor was running with water.
The barber has cut your hair very short.
Why don't you get a haircut?
Go to the barber.
Go to the barber's to have your hair cut.
Run pipes under the floor.
You had best agree.
All right.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
Thank you for your invitation.
Though invited, she didn't go to watch the World cup.
It is a great honor to be invited.
I can't go when I haven't been invited.
Did you invite him?
Thank you so much for inviting me.
If you invited him, he might come.
My son's friend imposed himself on us for two weeks.
Having accepted the invitation, he failed to show up.
Among the guests were the mayor and his wife.
Please respond at your earliest convenience.
Don't leave me out when you're sending the invitations!
As we went up, the air grew colder.
How beautiful the rising sun is!
I went to the boss in hopes of getting a raise.
You'd better not count on a raise.
Promotion was an incentive to harder work.
Are you worried about the promotion?
She had no incentive to work after she was refused a promotion.
It's great that you got the promotion.
I'm afraid a promotion is out of the question now.
The chance of promotion disposed him to accept the offer.
I worked hard in expectation of promotion.
His desire for promotion blinded him to other's feelings.
World War II came to an end in the 20th year of the Showa era.
Matsui pulled the Giants back from the brink with a grand slam that gave them a come-from-behind victory.
Matsushita commands respect from its competitors.
He called up his uncle as soon as he got to Matsuyama.
Can you tell me the art of recognizing matsutake mushrooms?
Seicho Matsumoto died in 1992.
Swampy land is no use for building purposes.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
May I borrow your eraser?
Leave it off.
I have gas indigestion.
The passive man seldom, if ever, expresses himself.
I don't like a negative sort of man.
Spending will grow only a touch faster.
The consumer price index has been fluctuating wildly.
The consumption tax is now percent in Japan.
It took the fireman almost two hours to put out the fire.
The fire fighter demonstrated how to put out the fire.
Before the firemen were able to arrive, both buildings burned down.
The firemen protect us from fires.
The area was cordoned off while fire fighters tried to keep the blaze under control.
The firemen soon put out the fire.
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze.
The firemen battered down the door.
The fireman could not extinguish the flames.
The firefighters put out the fire on the spot.
The firemen rushed into the burning house.
The firemen had the fire out in no time.
The fireman soon put the fire out.
The fire fighters put out the fire.
The fireman rushed into the burning house.
The house was ablaze when the fire engine arrived.
Before the fire engine arrived, the whole house was burnt down.
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.
Please call the fire department.
The fire station is next to the police station.
The fire brigade was on the scene within five minutes of receiving the call.
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
The beaches in Shonan are very crowded on Sunday.
A freshly baked cake doesn't cut easily.
I don't like grilled fish, let alone raw fish.
Please have some copies made.
Won't you have some bread hot from the oven?
It's baking hot.
It is broiling hot.
A mother's heart is always with her children.
Jealousy is an enemy to friendship.
I want to take things one step at a time without getting flustered. I want to live in the moment.
Stay calm, and do your best.
Please give us three references.
Terumi gave me a thin smile again.
Make sure you go to a doctor if you get worse.
You should consult a doctor if the symptoms get worse.
Your condition isn't serious.
Is this symptom getting better or worse?
A national campaign for energy saving is underway.
It's no laughing matter.
That goes beyond a joke.
I was laughing so hard I nearly dislocated my jaw.
A kiss will be given to the person who wants to laugh.
Is laughter a quality of man only?
Laughter is the best medicine.
It was no laughing matter.
It is no laughing matter.
Laughter is a human instinct, and when it comes to instinct, cultural barriers don't exist.
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
Please don't laugh! Try it yourself!
I want to die laughing.
Laugh and be fat.
You amuse me.
Don't make me laugh!
I'm used to being laughed at.
Thank you for your referral.
What's the name of the person who recommended us to you?
Did anybody recommend us to you?
In preparation for painting a portrait, my friend takes many photographs in order to study the subject closely.
I'll never forget the sound the crash made.
As soon as he heard the crash, he rushed out of the house.
He recalled that a collision had been avoided by sheer luck.
There's no evidence.
You can't accuse him of stealing unless you have proof.
The evidence convinced us of his innocence.
The evidence was against me.
The evidence is laid out before us. Considering that, together with the fact that he has no alibi, there's no question that he's the guilty one.
The evidence is clear.
There is not even a semblance of proof.
When he was faced with the evidence, he had to admit that he was guilty.
In the absence of firm evidence the prisoner was set free.
In the absence of definite evidence, he was acquitted.
Loan on deeds needed the joint surety.
The concealment of facts by a witness is a criminal offense.
I move that the witness be summoned on Monday.
The confirmation hearings turned into a free-for-all.
Don't rush into the situation until you have all the details; hold your horses until you know where you are going.
A detailed report will be sent you by next mail.
A thorough investigation is now in progress.
There isn't time to explain in detail.
Let me know the details.
The investigation revealed him to be a spy.
For further details, call Gisle.
I didn't go into details.
Apply to the office for further details.
For particulars, apply to the college.
More detailed information will be supplied on application to the publisher.
Have you ever seen an elephant fly?
An elephant is a strong animal.
The size of the elephant astonished the little boy.
This book says that elephants live to be over years old.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
The elephants are the chief attraction at the circus.
The elephant is bigger than all the other animals.
An elephant is an enormous animal.
Elephants are in danger of dying out.
An elephant is a very large animal.
An elephant has a long nose.
The elephant is the largest land animal.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
I hope you will succeed in winning the prize.
You shall have this album as a prize.
The prize went to him.
He turned out to be a real disappointment after we went through hell and high water to find him.
He came five minutes after the bell had rung.
Directly the bell rang, we got up.
The bell chimed them to meals.
Has the bell rung yet?
Some people are gifted with the ability to iron out difficulties while others are born trouble makers.
Hurdling the wall will make him stronger.
A rock fell from above.
The island as seen from above resembles a pear in shape.
The sound rises and falls.
The higher you climb, the greater the fall.
The numerical values shown above derive from Hobson's simulation.
The higher up we went, the colder it became.
See the example given above.
Before we try to move up to the next level, I think we need to focus on keeping what we have.
I'm sorry but it's not my position to make a decision.
The animal in the top left-hand corner is meant to be a dragon.
What is shown in the above experiment is that the right hemisphere of the brain is not used at all.
Please take the sugar pot down from the upper shelf.
I heard a strange sound coming from the room above.
The people upstairs come home late at night.
Evidence that the above example is farfetched can be seen by comparing the total occurrences of component X.
Where's the up-escalator?
Feel the top and see how warm it is.
Between them, the two largest companies account for a share of more than 50% of the market.
The senator charged that I had distorted the data.
When does the show start?
Two passenger trains crashed in Shanghai.
There are many more beautiful ladies in Shanghai than in Tokyo.
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
Shanghai is among the largest cities in the world.
Senior executives spend a lot of time training their subordinates.
I hoped to have seen you when I went to Tokyo.
He had not been in Tokyo a month when he got homesick.
Allow me to know in advance when you are coming up to Tokyo.
I stayed at my uncle's while I was in Tokyo.
The jet made a whining sound as it soared overhead.
We had a glimpse of the lake as we flew over it.
My boss gave me so much work that I couldn't leave the office.
I hope my boss will agree to my realistic plan.
My boss invited me to dinner.
I skipped out on my appointment with my boss.
My supervisor is making me do this so I'm in no hurry to finish.
You should know better than to talk back to your boss.
I'll get permission from my superior.
I could not but talk back to my boss.
My boss made me work overtime.
The boss'll have my head.
I should tell you that my boss, Mr Tanaka, might try to take you drinking.
My boss detained me more than minutes.
My boss is always finding fault with me.
My boss is starting to get edgy.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
My boss will not say 'yes'.
My boss called me down for frequent absence from work.
My boss called me down for making private calls on the office phone.
My boss doesn't think I am equal to the job.
My boss didn't excuse me for coming late to the meeting.
After the hatchet job my boss did on my proposal, I'm not sure how long I want to keep on working here.
Our boss turned down our proposal.
My boss grumbled at me about my work.
My superior excused me for arriving late.
My boss isn't satisfied with my report.
The boss asked Mr Brown to take charge of the office while she was away.
My boss rejected the budget for the new project.
My boss turned down his proposal.
My boss dictated a letter for his secretary to type.
The boss directed his men to finish it quickly.
The boss allotted tasks to his men.
My supervisor looked at the revised schedule and nodded his agreement.
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
Don't risk insulting your boss.
Quality goods are worth it in the long run.
It's made of fine cotton.
A good diplomat is a person who practices the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
Do you think it will work?
Excellent putt.
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
A good lawyer will always zero in on a key piece of evidence.
You have done a very good job.
Hang your coat and hat up on the rack over there.
Your jacket and tie don't go together.
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.
On him the coat did not meet in the front.
A coat is an article of clothing.
The coat does not fit properly across the shoulders.
I put my coat on the table.
He's putting on a coat.
Take your coat off, and make yourself at home.
May I take off my coat?
Put your coat on, or you'll catch cold.
I wear my coat to rags.
We have to be respectful to our seniors.
Please undress from the waist up.
Something is flashing up ahead.
The cherry blossoms at Ueno are at their best now.
Ueno is the station after next.
Don't be subservient to your boss.
If the boss says you've got to work overtime, then there's no choice but to do so.
It is courageous of him to oppose his boss.
He was wearing a long black coat that reached almost to his ankles.
It was the tall man in the long, black coat.
Could you make it a little shorter for me?
Please get in.
We cannot meet the demands of the hijackers.
Do you want a ride?
I got on the wrong line.
I missed my stop. How long does it take to reach the next stop?
Would anyone like a transfer?
We have a margin of just five minutes to change trains.
Is there a transfer point?
Do I need to transfer?
Do I have to change trains?
Could I have a transfer?
Can I drop off the car?
What gate number does the bus leave from?
How do I get down to the trains?
If she hasn't missed the train!
Rides in the cars are for kids.
Please give me some airsickness medicine.
If you drive, don't drink.
How long will it take to get in to ride?
I'm afraid I have taken a wrong train.
The only flight available is a red eye flight next week.
The pilots were among the survivors consisting of passengers and crew.
The passengers came on board all at the same time.
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
Passengers poured out to the road.
None of the passengers escaped injury.
Much attention was paid to the safety of the passengers.
Little attention was paid to the comfort for the passengers.
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.
Some passengers complained about the service.
The passengers sat four aside.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
Passengers can take a certain amount of baggage on the airplane.
How many people are on board?
Are all passengers on board?
Passengers should board the train now.
All passengers are required to show their tickets.
All the passengers were requested to get off the train.
The passengers were taken off the sinking ship.
I can't find my ticket.
I can't find my ticket. I must have lost it.
Where is the ticket-selling window?
Go on board.
The passengers on board were mostly Japanese.
The crew is large.
The crew prepared for the voyage to outer space.
The crew is busy preparing for the voyage into outer space.
The crew jumped for joy.
The crew prepared for the voyage across the Pacific Ocean.
Some of the crew were drowned.
The crew abandoned the ship.
All the crew were saved.
The crew had to abandon the sinking ship.
The whole crew was saved.
I'd like to try horseback riding.
The crew is now opening the hatch.
The crew were all waiting for the news.
All the crew were tired.
There were people on the plane, exclusive of the crew.
The entire crew was afflicted with food poisoning.
My joke went over very well.
You are carrying your joke a bit too far.
It's no joke.
You can't be serious! He's no more a doctor than I am.
Don't think I'm joking.
Never tell a lie, either for fun or from fear.
He said so in jest.
There's many a true word spoken in jest.
I said so by way of a joke.
Joking aside, how are things going?
Joking aside, what are you trying to say?
Joking aside, what do you mean to do?
Joking apart, you ought to see a doctor about your headache.
No more of your jokes, please.
Get serious.
Apart from joking, what do you mean to do?
Don't pull my leg!
You mustn't carry your jokes too far!
You must be joking!
Whether we find a joke funny or not largely depends on where we have been brought up.
I don't feel like joking.
Can there be a computer intelligent enough to tell a joke?
You have to be joking.
The site of the castle is now a park.
The castle is across the river.
The castle lies to the east of the town.
The castle stands facing a beautiful lake.
All was silent throughout the castle.
The party grew chilly.
I think it depends.
Just appoint the time and place and I'll be there.
Where did the mugging take place?
The scene was a tiny mountain village in a remote section of West Virginia.
Please tell me your location.
Could you please make room for me?
Always obey your father.
You should always do your best.
I always feel hungry.
You should always think before you speak.
It is the border-line cases that are always in danger: the dignified buildings of the past which may possess no real artistic or historic value, but which people have become sentimentally attached to and have grown to love.
You must always do what is right.
Always do what is right.
To be always ready for war, said Mentor, is the surest way to avoid it.
I always have a tired feeling.
To be always logical may be sometimes hated by others.
Who that has common sense can believe such a thing?
A man of sense would be ashamed of such behavior.
Who, that has common sense, would do such a thing?
Who that has common sense can believe it?
A man of common sense would never do such a thing.
Nobody that has any common sense would think of doing such nonsense.
I think that knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
Though commonsense is necessary for everyone, it is not always easily acquired.
Knowledge without common sense counts for little.
Knowledge without common sense counts for nothing.
He who gives to another bestows on himself.
I was moved to tears in spite of myself.
Everything is against us.
The situation went from bad to worse.
The situation calls for our action.
The odds are against us.
The situation calls for drastic measures.
The situation has taken on a new aspect.
The situation got out of the government's control.
The situation is hopeless.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
Passions weaken, but habits strengthen, with age.
Bad news is preferable to an absence of information.
The information seems to have leaked out.
Information is sometimes held back from patients when it is thought it might upset them.
A polite way to reveal knowledge of a fact without telling the source of the information is to say, "a little bird told me".
The information is leaking piecemeal to the press.
Thank you for the lead.
In order to keep informed, I try to read as much as possible.
We have to gather information.
Some people read that they may get information.
Do you know where to go or whom to ask for information?
Although the conditions are slightly different, the result of our experiment was identical with Robinson's.
I fix the terms.
A treaty is, as it were, a contract between countries.
The treaty bans the use of chemical weapons.
The treaty bans atomic bombs and hydrogen bombs.
A staff is used to help steady yourself when walking, much like a cane.
The stick didn't help him any.
I am afraid of the situation getting worse.
That depends, but usually about three times a week.
You should deal with matters according to the situation.
The situation gets worse and worse.
The situation is capable of improvement.
The situation became worse by the minute.
The situation was getting difficult to deal with.
Do you regard the situation as serious?
The situation appears desperate.
The situation remains unchanged.
The situation got out of their control.
Appearances are against her.
Please let me know the status.
I hope you will correct the situation immediately.
How would you analyze the situation?
I don't remember what happened.
I've added my recommendations to improve the situation.
Thank you for helping me correct the situation.
You must judge the situation and act accordingly.
My legs ache from sitting on tatami.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
Though it was a muggy night, she went to bed with all the windows closed.
Stop beating a dead horse.
Steam is rising from the pot.
The steam has fogged my glasses.
Steam boilers may explode.
A steam engine transforms heat into power.
Steam trains were replaced by electric trains.
Steam locomotives run less smoothly than electric trains.
The lock is broken.
The tablets took away my pain.
Plants grow.
Along with the plants, animal life, too, was developing in harmony with the strict requirements of the land.
Water the plants.
In addition to water, sunshine is absolutely necessary for plant life.
Our attitude toward plants is singularly narrow.
The seeds of plants breathe all the time.
Plant growth and productivity react sharply to a complex combination of temperature and moisture.
All plants need water and light.
Plants give off oxygen as they make food.
The more worthless the plant, the more rapid and splendid is its growth.
Plants die without water.
Failure to water plants will cause them to die.
Plants take in water from the soil.
Plants are nourished by earth.
You don't have any plants or animals, right?
Professor Sprout acclimated the plant to a new environment.
Botany is the scientific study of plants.
Botany deals with the study of plants.
I had the gardener plant some trees.
The flower pot crashed to the sidewalk.
Admittance to staff members only.
Job security became a major worry.
A job is not merely a means to earn a living.
My teacher guided me in the choice of a career.
His job has brought him in contact with some foreigners.
Look through the yellow pages.
The section chief seems to like abusing his authority.
Install a vending machine in our office.
You shouldn't go to work.
Can I go to work?
A professional is painting the house.
The workmen were climbing up and down the ladder.
How is your job hunting going?
Faded jeans are still in fashion.
The colors don't mingle well.
The color is thickly laid on.
She is a fox.
The color has come out well.
The color will not go off.
He identifies colors and shapes.
Do you have this in any other colors?
Fair words fill not the belly.
I think it's about time you stopped putting your belly before your looks.
Color is the most sacred element of all visible things.
Thanks again for everything.
"Thank you very much for everything." "You are welcome."
Thank you very much for everything. He wrote it down lest he should forget it.
Women are finding out that many different roles are open to them.
I'm color-blind.
Some people are color blind; they cannot tell one color from another.
Don't touch it. Leave it as it is.
Hands off.
The greedy little child ate all the food.
You may eat anything so long as you don't eat too much.
It's not good to overeat.
You shouldn't eat to excess.
Eat as much as you like.
Foods you eat which you don't like will not digest well.
Just leave it.
You must not read while eating.
Eat, for you are hungry.
He says we must live to eat.
Why do you take so long to eat?
Put out your cigarette before you eat.
Don't injure your stomach by eating too much.
The doctor said to me, "Don't eat too much."
I ate myself sick.
Bear in mind that we must guard against overeating.
Eating too much is bad for the health.
When we eat too much, we suffer from indigestion.
If you eat too much, you will get fat.
Eating too much may lead to sickness.
Don't eat to excess.
Lack of food had left him weak and exhausted.
There is plenty of food left if you'd like some.
I have difficulty chewing.
The food disagreed with him.
Some food was brought to them.
The food is getting cold.
Food and blankets were given out to the refugees.
I advised him not to spend all his money on food.
Some kinds of food make us thirsty.
I have no likes and dislikes about food.
Wash your hands before you handle the food.
The smell of food made me hungry.
Don't complain of your food.
The food was not bad, as hotel food goes.
All the food was gone.
There is plenty of food.
The food was terrible -all the same I didn't complain.
You might as well chew your food well.
The food wasn't good, but at least it was cheap.
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Food works on our health.
Food decays quickly in hot weather.
We have food in abundance.
We have run short of food.
My throat hurts when I swallow.
It is not good to talk with your mouth full.
What is the best way of getting food into the mouth?
He finished his dinner because he didn't like to waste food.
It was not until the child was fed that he stopped crying.
Let's do the dishes.
Please carry your dishes to the kitchen.
"It is not a cupboard," he said in surprise.
"Is it a cupboard?" Replied Pip.
I got a rash on my hands from dishwasher detergent.
Are you giving out meal tickets here?
How do I use meal tickets?
After dinner, we took a spin around town in my car.
Take two capsules after a meal.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Take this medicine after meals.
Brush your teeth clean after each meal.
Brush your teeth after meals.
I have aggravation after eating.
I cannot dispense with coffee after meals.
I can't do without coffee after meals.
The meals don't suit my taste.
When the food is bad, it's a real letdown.
I had sooner sleep than eat.
Dinner's ready.
Dinner's ready. I'm coming.
Won't you come to dine with us?
What about going out for a meal?
Let's go to eat.
Give variety to your meals.
Let's walk on the beach after dinner.
The room emptied when the gong for dinner sounded.
He kept silent during the meal.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
Coffee comes after the meal.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth after meals.
Do you have strong likes and dislikes for certain food?
A fine dessert finished the meal.
The doorbell rang during the meal.
Avoid drinking too much water with your meals.
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
Have a good wash before meals.
You should wash your hands before each meal.
Say your prayers before you eat.
Wash your hands before meals.
May I set the table?
We'll eat on the way.
I have left you your dinner in the oven.
The meal was great, wasn't it?
The whole meal was good but the wine in particular was excellent.
Are meals included?
Take time to eat your meals.
When shall we eat?
Do you eat at home or eat out?
Are any meals included?
You have to eat regularly.
Let dinner wait.
Don't eat for at least three hours.
I'm cooked meals by my mother.
Don't talk about business while we're dining.
We could eat supper before it, couldn't we?
We have time enough to eat.
The smell of cooking makes me hungry.
Did you have a good time at the dinner?
What is peculiar to Japan at mealtimes is that people eat rice out of little bowls.
Should I watch my diet?
You should always wash your hands before meals.
The price of the meal includes a service charge.
We shared the cost of the meal.
It is bad manners to do so at table.
You shouldn't speak with your mouth full at table.
It is bad manners to make noises at table.
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat.
He came in while we were at table.
The conversation at table is lively and interesting.
I would like you to behave yourself at table.
You must not make a noise at the table.
Be quiet at the table.
It's important to follow a strict diet.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
Food is necessary for life.
Take this medicine before each meal.
You must clean your hands before meals.
I cleared the table of the dishes.
He does not know how to behave at the table.
Don't bend over the table.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
The table was loaded with fruit.
Don't bend over the table. Sit up straight.
Have you ever had food poisoning?
Insect-eating plants are equipped with various kinds of traps to catch insects.
Have you put out the light in the dining room?
The cafeteria was self-service.
Where is the cafeteria?
Is the dining room open now?
What time does the dining room open?
Let's adjourn to the dining room for dinner.
Where's the dining car?
Food packaging reduces spoilage.
We know how food affects growth.
Reading is not less necessary to our mind than food is to our body.
Books are to the mind what food is to the boy.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
Food and drink are material needs.
Pay heed to your food.
Food is essential to life.
Chew your food well.
It is hard to imagine a more efficient way of catching food.
I have little appetite.
I have an extraordinary appetite.
Sudden decrease in appetite is sometimes a sign of illness.
I don't feel like eating.
The doctor says stimulus is needed for appetite.
The only thing that doesn't require skill is an appetite.
Supplies of food were low and we had to ration out the little that was left.
There are abundant food supplies.
Food supply shows steady improvement.
The food supplies will not hold out till then.
We have still a lot of food left.
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs.
Both our food and water were running out.
Will you get me some salt at the grocer's?
The grocer managed to convince his customers of his honesty.
Goods at the food and clothing stalls were very cheap.
Food prices will come down soon, won't they?
I am in the grocery line.
We ran out of food.
We ran short of food.
Food has been in short supply.
Stay here for as long as the food supply holds out.
Lack of food made them very hungry.
Violence erupted all over the city because of the food shortages.
Bite your tongue!
Tails are absent in some cats.
Believe me. I'll be a new man.
Do you believe me?
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the bush.
But whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's only son.
Believe it or not, that is true.
Believe it or not, I went skydiving.
Unbelievable!
Believe it or not, Tom is years old.
That was fabulous.
Believe it or not, a monster emerged from the cave.
It's unbelievable.
I almost believe you.
I acted upon what I believed.
The problem of faith brings us to the Thirties and the Western love-affair with communism.
Faith can move mountains.
Good for Nobuyuki.
When the traffic light is yellow, we stop.
The sign warns us to look out for traffic.
The signal turned green.
Wait till the light turns green.
The traffic light turned green.
Wait until the light changes to green.
They got over to the other side while the light was red.
The traffic light changed to red.
I didn't notice the light turn red.
Don't cross the road while the signal is red.
The signal turning red, he stopped his car.
It is against the rule to cross the street while the red light is on.
Turn to the left without regard to the signal.
The traffic signal is green.
The signal turned from red to green.
The signal was red.
The light turned red.
The traffic lights were all red.
Traffic lights work all the time.
Is there a law here about jaywalking?
We don't want to risk running a traffic light.
We're better off not running traffic lights.
It is hard to live up to your convictions.
I acted out my belief.
Which is longer, the Shinano River or the Agano River?
No other river in Japan is longer than the Shinano.
The Shinano is longer than any other river in Japan.
No other river is longer than the Shinano.
Credit companies send their customers monthly bills.
Give me some credit.
You should have your house built by a trustworthy builder.
I have great faith in you.
You should associate with people who you believe are trustworthy.
It's a fort built to defend the town from invasion.
I have chapped lips.
I have a cold sore on my lip.
Put one's finger on one's lips for silence.
I had to bite my lip to prevent myself from laughing.
You may as well go to bed now.
While you are asleep, the bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
Don't wake up the sleeping child.
Nothing is so appealing as the innocent face of a sleeping baby.
May I go to bed?
Whether I'm sleeping or awake, I think of you all the time.
Whether I'm sleeping or awake, this subject is always in my mind.
Awake or asleep, she was thinking about it.
You had better put out the fire before you go to bed.
I was about to go to bed when he called me up.
Never fail to lock the door when you go to bed.
It's too early to go to bed.
I like sleeping.
It took all evening.
Time for bed.
Don't forget to put out the light before you go to bed.
Finish it before you go to bed.
Turn off the TV before you go to bed, OK?
It is better for you not to eat before you go to bed.
Be sure to lock the door before you go to bed.
Please put out the light before you go to sleep.
Don't drink beer before going to bed.
Would you like to have a bath before going to bed?
Put out the candles before you go to bed.
You are to clean your teeth before you go to bed.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
Finish your homework before you go to bed.
Lock the window before going to bed.
Turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please remember to put out the cat before you go to bed.
Be sure to take this medicine before going to bed.
Please remember to put out the light before you go to bed.
Put out the light before you go to bed.
Do not forget to turn the light off before you go to bed.
Don't forget to turn off all the lights before going to bed.
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
I perspire a lot at night.
I heard a noise in the bedroom.
On entering the bedroom, she started sobbing.
The bedroom curtains have faded at the edges.
It's the sort of day when you'd like to stay in bed.
I'd like to reserve a sleeping berth.
Lack of sleep is telling me.
When you lack sleep, you are apt to be careless.
Lack of sleep whittled away her energy.
I'm tired from lack of sleep.
Lack of sleep began to tell on me.
Want of sleep injures our health.
My hair got kinky.
Take care not to oversleep.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
Remember that oversleeping is no excuse for being late.
Some were under the impression that the judges had not chosen wisely.
The judge's decision is final.
The umpire sits in a high chair at the side of the court.
The umpire called the ball foul.
A referee should not favor either side.
The referee blew his whistle to end the match.
The umpire called the batter out.
The umpire said that he was out.
The judge acknowledged him the winner.
The referee must be fair to both teams.
Please accept my sincerest condolences.
I offer you my hearty congratulations.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
I sympathize with you from the bottom of my heart.
Sincere apologies.
I really appreciate it.
My heart's aching.
That sounds very tempting.
There are none so deaf as those who won't hear.
Thank you very much for your hearty hospitality.
Thank you very much for your thoughtful present.
He was persuaded to carry it out against his will.
Willing mind is what I have found at last.
Remember that we will inherit the results of your decisions.
I've got a feeling.
The pain in my heart just gets worse.
I've been waiting for love to come.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
I felt my heartaches, I was afraid of following you.
I thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
I'll be with you in spirit.
Pray with all your heart.
I closed my eyes to calm down.
I can't look at this photo without feeling very sad.
You must turn over a new leaf and work as hard as possible.
Piano music soothes the soul.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
I'll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard.
You'll have to turn over a new leaf.
Lately I've had the time to quietly enjoy the wonders of nature.
My heart is pounding so hard it feels like it's going to explode.
My heart's beating so fast!
It's abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
My heart fluttered with excitement.
I felt my heart beating rapidly.
The human heart is analogous to a pump.
It's not good for my heart.
My heart is beating fast.
My heart quickened.
We learn about the structure of the heart in junior high school.
The function of the heart is to pump blood.
The heart works slowly.
The heart is made of muscle.
After his heart attack, Jim had to cut down on his sugar intake.
I had a heart attack.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
You have my sympathies.
I'll take your ECG.
Few people are free from cares.
I'm so lucky to have someone who cares.
What is the use of worrying?
Don't worry. I'll take care of you.
Don't worry. I'm not mad at you.
Don't worry. You can count on me.
Don't worry. I'll look it up for you.
Don't worry. I have completely recovered.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. It's a common mistake.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Take it easy. Things are looking up.
Don't worry, I'll help you. Just take it easy.
There is no cause for worry.
There is no cause for undue alarm.
There's nothing to worry about.
I've been worrying myself into depression.
Worrying deprived me of sleep last night.
Anxiety lined his face.
Worry turned his hair white.
Worries aged him rapidly.
Worrying deprived him of sleep.
Care killed a cat.
Recently what with anxiety and lack of sleep, she has lost almost ten pounds.
Nobody is free from care.
In the matter of psychology, he is an expert.
Psychology is the science of the mind.
Psychology is the scientific study of the mind.
Psychology deals with human emotions.
Dr. Patterson, a psychologist, has tested Koko's IQ.
Some psychologists raise doubts about Pepperberg's research.
It is clear that he failed for lack of prudence.
It is important to drive carefully.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Shinya married a pretty girl.
Don't look back cause you know what you might see.
We were back to square one.
I will be back to square one and have to take the classes over.
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
In looking back, I feel deeply grateful to my parents.
The marketing department is responsible for pricing new service.
I spent 3,yen on a new CD.
It will cost me a lot to furnish my new apartment.
We need to develop a new kind of energy.
The new engine must undergo all the necessary tests.
A new oil tanker was launched.
New office buildings seem to be sprouting up all over the city.
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
Send me a new catalog.
You have to have a new crown.
How do you like your new class?
How are you getting along with your new classmates?
Do you get along well with your new classmates?
Mary was silly to buy a new coat.
The new computer is ten times as fast as the old one.
The new computer was too complicated for me to use at first.
The new jet circles the globe in twenty-four hours.
I spilled some fruit juice on my new shirt.
We want a new carpet.
A new shopping mall opened on the edge of town.
I must get a new suit made.
I have to buy a new pair of skis.
The project to build a new sports center has fallen through for lack of adequate funds.
The new sofa goes with the curtains.
The new team has the capability to win.
I'm going to ask for a new desk.
The new department store will be opened next month.
She's pleased with her new dress.
A new dress was bought for her.
Please help me pick out a sweater which matches my new dress.
She was satisfied with the new dress.
She looked very beautiful in her new dress.
I can't afford to buy a new bike, so I'll have to manage with this old one.
I am saving money in order to buy a new personal computer.
I am looking for a part-time job so I can buy a new video camera.
The new building cut the view from my window.
We are excited about the move to the new building.
Five years have been spent building the new building.
I have a new pen; I'll lend it to you.
I need a new pen. I'll buy one.
The new hall is double the size of the old one.
The new model is featured by higher power and speed.
A novelty wears off in time.
I'll buy a new one.
We played the game in accordance with the new rules.
It is said that a new restaurant was constructed.
The food at the new restaurant is nothing special - average at best.
I was anxious for a new word processor.
Will you show me your new word processor today?
How many new sites were uncovered?
The new train station is under construction and will be completed soon.
The new station building is under construction and will be completed soon.
Now that we're in our new house, I have to inform the post office of the change of address.
The new house didn't live up to expectations.
Money is the key factor when we decide to buy a new house.
The flowers in her new vase refreshed her.
I hear you'll set up a new company.
You must quickly accustom yourself to your new school.
There was a controversy about the location of the new school.
How do you like your new school?
The new school is of simple and modern construction.
I found it pretty hard to adjust to my new surroundings.
We had to gear our lives to the new circumstances.
He felt ill at ease in the new surroundings.
Did you request a new desk?
The new machine brought in a lot of money.
The company asked the bank to loan them some money to buy new machinery.
The new equipment enabled us to finish the work in an hour.
The new regulations were confirmed by the full committee.
New guests must register in the hotel book.
The leader of the new republic is buckling under political pressures.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
The new bridge made it easy for the villagers to go to town.
The new bridge is in process of construction.
The new bridge will be as long as 1.km.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
The new bridge was named Rainbow Bridge.
I'm breaking in my new shoes.
Because the new trainee did things sluggishly, he was told that he'd be fired if he didn't start taking his job seriously.
The new contract enables us to demand whatever we want.
Preparations for the new project are under way in both companies simultaneously.
I must acquaint myself with the details of the new plan.
A new moon was coming up.
The framework of the new building is progressively appearing.
Look up the new words in your dictionary.
There was a new candidate on the ticket at the Democratic convention.
A new school building is under construction.
The new school building is the boast of the village.
A new principal is administering the school.
A new idea came to me.
We enjoyed driving along the new expressway.
A new difficulty has arisen.
When will the new magazine come out?
I left a new umbrella in the bus.
The new industry transformed the town into a big city.
The new industry brought about changes in our life.
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
I'm sure you like your new job.
Every success in your new job.
He was tense with his new business.
Can you adapt yourself to the new job?
How are you getting along with your new job?
How do you like your new job?
How are you getting along in your new job?
His new job brought him a handsome income.
When looking for a new job, do not forget to read the want ads in the newspaper.
Plans are under way to build a new city hospital.
What is the new leader like?
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
Please send us more information.
Take great care when you put your hand to a new business.
The new venture was financed by a group of entrepreneurs.
We are looking forward to your visit to our new office.
Please visit us in our new office.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
I need a new bicycle.
If you want a new bike, you'd better start saving up.
The new bicycle cost me as much as 50,yen.
I've got a new bike.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
A new car came to a standstill in front of the bank.
The new company rule was unfair to older workers.
My new car will arrive here next week.
I had trouble with the new car. It was difficult to steer.
Please let me know your new address.
The new birth policy is aimed at achieving zero population growth.
What is the address of the new bookshop?
I was given a new jacket.
He's wearing a new coat.
It is easy to make friends even in the new places.
I started a new job, and it's been a struggle just to keep my head above the water.
How's your new job?
New truth and knowledge always elevate human life and most usually find practical application.
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
I have a new relative: my sister got married, so now I have a brother-in-law.
The rock has been blasted to make a new course for the stream.
This was how matters stood at the turn of the century.
Each new generation makes use of the knowledge.
The new government promised to rid the country of corruption.
The new production process achieves a high yield.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
A new tax was imposed on wine.
The new tax system comes into effect next year.
The new tax law is full of loopholes.
New stamps will be issued next month.
A new teacher stood before the class.
What do you think of the new teacher?
The new President is well spoken of.
I am sure you will take an active role in your new position.
He didn't want to disappoint his wife by giving up his new position.
The new subway enables me to get to school in minutes.
A new study suggests that hospital records for patients older than are often incorrect, which may lead to serious treatment errors.
The new railway is not completed yet.
It always takes time to get used to a new place.
A new road is under construction.
New roads were constructed one after another.
The new road will benefit the people living in the hills.
He retires before the new pension scheme is due to come into effect.
The new museum is worth visiting.
Her new hair-do made her look younger.
What's the scoop on your new boyfriend?
The new airplane flies at twice the speed of sound.
I bought a new shaver.
I appeal to you to contribute to the new clinic.
As a new father, I gave my first child plenty of books.
Do not put new wine into old bottles.
Where did you have your new suit made?
How pretty she looks in her new dress!
It wasn't always easy for Edison to invent new things.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
A new law has come into existence.
A new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
The new laws sowed the seeds of revolution.
The new law has done away with the long-standing custom.
The new law will deprive religious minorities of their right to vote.
The new law should take a bite out of organized crime.
Try a new hat on.
Plans for a new trade zone are still on the drawing board.
I am working on my new book.
You must turn in your old license in order to get a new one.
The new fur coats were displayed in the window.
New blankets were distributed to the poor.
There are plenty of fresh eggs on the table.
The new coalition government is trying to ride out the storm.
A new topic came up in conversation.
Newly printed books smell good.
We have a new puppy. He is about weeks old.
The newly elected president is something of a poet.
The resolution that a new road be built was passed.
The new line of dresses is from Paris.
The new section chief seems to spend most of his time finding fault with the work of his men.
The newcomer sat down at the foot of the table.
Another shooting and another friend's gone.
New indirect taxes were imposed on spirits.
A new argument was presented.
New facts have been brought to light.
The heat is on the administration to come up with a new policy.
The newcomers cultivated the immense wilderness.
Don't complicate the problem by raising new issues.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
I've been very busy since the new term started.
The new school year begins in April in Japan.
They have much snow in Niigata.
I wish you would make a list of the newly published books.
If you travel by Shinkansen, it doesn't seem far from Nagoya to Tokyo.
The new plan worked well.
The new season's T.V. programs are as much old hat as ever.
The newly-opened jewelry shop took away some of my best customers.
Our project came off with flying colors.
Setting a new record added luster to his name.
Please come to see us at our new place.
Are you quite satisfied with your new house?
We moved into a new house.
This attitude, the Protestant work ethic, still influences Americans today.
A new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one.
The new model will be priced at $12,000.
The new model will retail for 30,yen.
The new model is expected to be put on the market early next year.
Joe's idea for a new kind of car will make him filthy rich.
The new model will be on the market in November.
The new plan was accounted practicable.
The site for the new factory has not been decided.
The new school building is expected to be completed by spring next year.
The new international airport really put Narita on the map.
For their honeymoon they took a voyage around the world.
The honeymoon will be spent abroad.
His new movie earned him an Academy Award.
The new business was eating away his fortune.
The new fact has come to light.
The newcomers will have to compete with each other for a promotion.
The new boss has whipped the company into shape.
The new president can be relied upon, can't he?
I can't afford a new car, so I'll have to make this one do.
The new car underwent its tests successfully.
I'm going to buy a new car.
Can we afford a new car?
Some new kinds of rice can be harvested two or three times a year.
Change trains at Shinjuku.
You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku?
There are many department stores and supermarkets in Shinjuku.
Where do I have to transfer to get to Shinjuku?
The new boxer outboxed the champion.
With the appearance of a promising new writer, the aging novelist fell from prominence.
The newcomer fell short of our expectation.
A new actor was billed to appear as Hamlet.
It's a whole new ball of wax.
The new system proved a success.
The new government is expected to bring about a good number of administrative reforms.
You will soon accustom yourself to the new life.
I was disappointed with the new product.
Excitement over the new product spread quickly throughout the division.
Many questions came up about the quality of the new product.
The company plans to sell the new product for $1,000.
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.
In asking voters to approve the new tax, the President appealed to reason.
The site for the new school has been bought.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
It is great fun skiing on new-fallen snow.
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite.
I have a craving for fresh fruit.
Fresh fruit is good for you.
Fresh fruit is good for the health.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
I want to eat fresh fish.
I feel like getting some fresh air.
Fresh air is blowing in.
Fresh air and exercise are good for the health.
There is nothing like fresh air.
What with fresh air and proper exercise, he recovered from his illness quickly.
Let's breathe the fresh air.
Please let in some fresh air.
Let in some fresh air.
I opened the window so I might let fresh air in.
Fresh vegetables promote health.
The new Diet member was smoking, leaning back proudly in a chair.
The new minister took over the job on Monday.
The new president wants to build up the army.
This is the season to pick fresh tea.
I doubt the new proposal will be accepted.
From the Tokyo International Airport to Tokyo, you can take a train or an airport shuttle bus.
The New Tokyo International Airport was opened in Narita.
What do you think of the new Cabinet?
You're new, huh?
It will be your job to acquaint the newcomer with the rules of the office.
The new employee glossed over his first mistake.
A new student came into the class.
The new boys soon accustomed themselves to the school.
The new students entered the hall full of hope.
Don't make fun of the new student!
Did you enjoy yourself at the welcoming party for freshmen?
We will have a period of orientation for freshmen.
Acquaint a newcomer with the rules of the club.
You will be interested to know that we have just introduced our new Managing Director, Mr Masaru Ezaki.
The new boss wasn't very social with his employees.
A new teacher's going to take charge of this class.
The new teacher was a disappointment to the class.
What's the new teacher like?
The new teacher is fresh from college.
The new ambassador will push for a cease-fire to stop the killing.
Mr Suzuki, our new teacher, teaches us English.
Happy New Year, Louise!
The New Year was drawing near.
The New Year came in with a light fall of snow.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
How do you spend the New Year?
We had a very good time at a New Year's party.
The new discovery proved useful to science.
Newspapers, television, and radio are called the mass media.
Two whole pages of the newspaper were devoted to the news of the royal divorce.
Let me read the newspaper if you've finished with it.
It is from advertising that a newspaper earns most of its profits.
I clipped some articles out of the newspaper.
What the newspapers say is true.
What the newspaper said about the weather will certainly come true.
What the newspaper said about the weather has certainly come true.
I saw in the paper that he had returned from the South Pole.
Where's the newspaper?
Not a day seems to pass without newspapers reporting the war.
There was nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper.
There's nothing important in the paper.
Newspapers carry weather reports.
According to the paper, there was a big fire in Boston.
The newspaper said that XYZ oil company went belly-up today.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
The newspaper said that a typhoon was approaching.
According to the papers, the man has finally confessed.
The newspaper says that he committed suicide.
According to the newspaper, he will be here today.
The papers say that there was a big fire in Nagoya.
According to the papers, there was a big fire in the town.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake last night.
The newspaper reports the prime minister has died of cancer.
According to the newspaper, the boy was knocked unconscious and lay on his back with his eyes closed.
The newspaper says that the typhoon hit Kyushu.
According to the newspaper, the cost of living in Tokyo is the highest in the world.
According to the newspaper, he participated in the plot.
According to the newspapers, he will be here today.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Peru.
According to the paper, there was an earthquake in Mexico.
According to the paper, it will snow tomorrow.
I think I will advertise in the paper.
A criticism of literary works this year is in the paper.
What is reported in the paper is an obvious fact.
Don't go by what the newspapers say.
Reject all its lies and vulgarity.
The function of the press is to provide the common people with facts.
The newspaper reported friction between the two parties.
The newspaper is by your side.
How many papers do you take?
Have you got through with the paper?
Newspapers did not report that news.
Newspapers did not report the news.
The newspaper extracted several passages from the speech.
The newspaper declared for the Republican candidate.
The newspapers gave a lot of space to the affair.
The newspaper reported the death of the statesman.
The newspaper supplies news.
The newspaper said another war broke out in Africa.
Are you through with the paper?
Are you done with the paper?
The newspapers opened fire on the politician.
The newspaper is of great value in the world today.
A newspaper tells us what is happening in the world.
Newspapers influence the current of time.
The newspaper always keeps us informed of the events taking place in the world.
The newspaper reflects public opinion.
The newspaper told of the mother's anguish at the death of her son.
Newspapers distribute information to the public.
May I have the paper after you, please?
Help me bind the papers into bundles.
Pitch the newspaper onto the porch.
I have a newspaper clipping file.
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?
Bring me the newspaper.
Bring me the newspaper, please.
Get me the newspaper.
Can I have the paper when you're finished with it?
He makes it a rule to wear glasses when he reads a newspaper.
Having read the newspaper, I know about the accident.
The man reading a newspaper is his father.
How can you make a living from selling newspapers?
Read the newspaper every day, or you will get behind the times.
You're a reporter.
The newspaperman should get his facts straight.
According to the newspaperman, it makes life worthwhile, doesn't it?
I have come in response to your ad in the paper.
I'd like to talk to you away from the press.
The press are arriving in force.
The newspaper boy delivers papers in any kind of weather.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
Act your place.
The new trade accord will pump fresh blood into the international economy.
The new medicine saved his life.
The new medicine saved me from an illness.
The newcomer carried off the first prize.
I built a house within a stone's throw of the forest.
It's a pity that Mr. Mori can't come to see us.
Birds were singing in the woods.
I caught sight of a flock of sheep in the forest.
Before you go hiking in the woods, find out what you should do when you meet a bear.
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.
All was still in the woods.
We saw an old hut standing at the margin of the forest.
The other animals of the forest came to watch the wedding dance, and they, too, danced all night in the moonlight.
The forest fire began to spread in all directions.
There stands a cottage close to the forest.
The silence in the forest is restful.
In the woods they found themselves in danger.
We didn't see many deer in the forest.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
He lost his way in the woods.
In the woods, she met with two strangers.
We hacked a path through the forest.
It's fun to follow the path through the woods.
It became quiet again in the forest.
It's fun to go for a walk in the woods.
The forest was in flames for three days.
The forest was very still.
The woods were clothed in autumn leaves.
The wood is alive with birds.
The woods are my home.
We went through the woods and came to a lake.
There is a path through the wood.
Mr Morikawa's continually complaining about something.
Forest conservation is an important issue all over the world.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
The woodland was parceled into farms.
The deep snow prevented the party from getting to the hut.
I feel deep sympathy for you.
As we dive deeper, the water becomes colder.
I took the job without giving it much thought.
Sit back and rest, and you will feel much better.
Tell me the precise time for their arrival.
It is your shadow in the deep sea.
It's healthy to breathe deeply.
Take a deep breath and then relax.
Were a serious crisis to arise, the government would have to act swiftly.
There is an acute shortage of water.
A serious epidemic has broken out in Beijing.
Excessive drinking is destructive of our health.
Did you see the cowboy film on TV last night?
We are sorry to say that we can not give you that information.
Applications are accepted until tomorrow.
Glue the photograph to your application form.
In order to apply, you have to go in person.
It tastes just right.
Sorry, but we're booked up.
I'm sorry, we have no vacancies.
I'm sorry, the flight is full.
I'm sorry but I can't follow you.
I'm sorry. I'm a stranger around here.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
I'm sorry, but Mr Rooney is tied up at the moment.
I'm afraid we're quite full at the moment.
I'm sorry I don't know for certain.
I'm afraid I can't help you now.
I'm sorry I don't have my watch with me.
I'm sorry I can't put you up tonight.
I'm sorry I've lost my watch.
I'm sorry, you have to pay for the extra weight.
I'm sorry, we don't accept checks.
I'm sorry, I have no idea.
I'm sorry, this painting is not for sale.
I'm sorry, but I have a previous appointment for tomorrow.
I'm sorry we couldn't get you a seat on first class.
I'm sorry, but I can't attend the meeting in person.
I'm sorry that I had been viewing you as a liar until just a few minutes ago.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
I'm sorry, but I can't find the book you lent me.
I'm sorry, but he is out now.
I don't have anything to declare.
What forms do we need to file?
After she filled out the application, the records clerk told her that the fee was eight dollars.
It is necessary to complete all pages of the application form.
Please fax me the application form.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
It is pitch dark.
The deep red of the setting sun portended fine weather.
Go straight, and you will find the station.
Go straight ahead.
It's really snow white.
True science teaches us to doubt and to abstain from ignorance.
A true scientist would not distort facts.
True happiness consists of desiring little.
True wealth does not consist of what we have, but in what we are.
A true friend would've helped me.
True friendship is priceless.
A true friend would advise you.
The true makers of history are the masses.
Truth is more important than beauty.
I'm not charmed about working in mid summer.
All I want to do during the dog days is stay indoors and keep out of the sun.
Televisions with vacuum tubes are regarded as being behind the times.
Mako cannot have written this letter.
It has often been said that facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
It is hard to distinguish truth from a lie.
As long as you won't face the truth, you will cry in vain.
The truth will come out one day.
You should tell the truth.
I thought it my duty to tell you the truth.
I have no hesitation in telling the truth.
It's a point of honor with me to tell the truth.
If you knew the truth, you'd be surprised.
It is truly difficult to know the truth, and still more difficult to speak it.
The time will come when you will know the truth.
I think it important to tell the truth.
The harvest of pearls was small.
Who wants to find pearls, has to dive deep.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
The truth will clear soon.
The truth of the matter is kept absolutely secret.
You may as well know the truth.
You are killing me slowly.
Stop trying to make us follow all these subtle clues. I wish you would say what you want to say more clearly.
At midnight, we reached the village by car.
You should know better than to call at midnight.
He escaped from the prison in the dead hours of the night.
The midnight sun is a fantastic natural phenomenon.
A midnight telephone call gives us both shock and displeasure.
Midnight is when ghosts are thought to walk the earth.
Get back before midnight or you will be locked out.
Mayumi is a healthy person. She almost never gets sick.
The girl talking with Mayumi is my sister.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
The discovery of truth should remain the single aim of science.
Truth is time's daughter.
Truth needs not many words.
Truth is usually expressed in the present tense.
That a girl, Marie!
Do cheer up, Marie!
Mariko studied not only English but also German.
God bless you!
For no one could perform the miraculous sign you are doing if God were not with him.
There came a man who was sent from God; his name was John.
Whom God loves, his bitch brings forth pigs.
For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
God created the world.
I do not believe that God exists.
The earth was made by God.
Nothing but God can save you.
I swear by God that I will speak the truth.
Let's pray to God, and He will answer our prayers.
I talk to God but the sky is empty.
By God, I never knew that.
Her faith in God is unshaken.
Only God knows.
May God bless you.
May God keep you!
He granted the privilege to become children of God.
He prayed God to bless me.
Do you believe in the existence of God?
Believing in God is not evil in itself.
Some people believe in God and others don't.
In the sight of God, all men are equal.
God created the world in six days.
For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son.
God is.
God made the universe.
God is our strength.
Though God may forgive, man is not therefore to forget.
"How can you win, Satan?" asked God. "All the famous ballplayers are up here."
God redeemed them from sin.
God has blessed me with riches.
God is in me or else is not at all.
God helps those who help themselves.
God created man in his own image.
God never forgets even a small kindness.
God has ordained that all men shall die.
God is the absolute being.
Do you believe that God exists?
God created the heaven and the earth.
God made the country and man made the town.
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
God is the cause of all things.
God, hear my plea.
God, hear me!
Lord, I wonder what fool it was that first invented kissing.
God preserve us!
He said, 'May God help us!'
It is important, in any age, to adore God and to respect one's parents.
Putting his trust in God and taking the bull by the horns, the Christian gladiator defeated many adversaries.
Who that believes in God would do such a thing?
Some believe in God, but others do not.
Are you going to remove the nerve?
I have a nervous stomach.
I had the nerve removed from my tooth.
I have to remove your nerve.
A nerve cell responds to a slight stimulus.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
Nervous people will scratch their heads.
I'm afraid I have neuralgia.
How long have you been in Kobe?
The devastation in Kobe was as terrible as I had imagined.
Well do I remember the night view of Kobe.
Kobe is a sister city of Seattle.
Kobe is famous for its port.
Kobe is famous as a port city.
Kobe is the city which I like best.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
Prices are lower in Kobe.
Kobe is famous for its good beef.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
The oracle was fulfilled.
Miss Kanda can swim well.
What a fast runner Miss Kanda is!
How fast Miss Kanda runs!
Miss Kanda is a good swimmer.
Miss Kanda is a very fast runner.
Miss Kanda runs very fast.
It pleased God to take away my son.
God may be listening to his wish.
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
A gentleman would not do such a thing.
A gentleman would not spit on the street.
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
A gentleman would not say such a thing.
Any gentleman would not use such language.
Gentlemen first.
A gentleman is always kind to others.
Like a gentleman, he rose and offered her his seat.
I know why there are so many people who love chopping wood.
Love your parents as dearly as your parents love you.
Some children are as bad as they can be while their parents are gone.
You must not buy such an expensive thing because your parents are rich.
Children whose parents are rich do not know how to use money.
Since her parents were busy at work all the time, she spent a lot of her time at her friend's house.
The education by the parents of their children is sometimes very difficult.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
Parents can pass many diseases on to their offspring.
His parents should be firm with him.
Parents love their children however naughty they are.
Parents love their children.
Have you ever argued with your parents?
Happy is she who marries the son of a dead mother.
You should be respectful to your parents.
The sins of the fathers are visited upon the children.
The son is known by his father.
I can almost see my parent's happy face in my mind's eye.
In the parent's mind, a child grows but does not age.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
I cannot be too grateful for my parents' kindness.
Many parents are worried their children are not being given a basic understanding of numbers.
Children whose parents are dead are referred to as "orphans".
The crow thinks her own birds fairest.
Our child seems to be brilliant. Of course, we may be prejudiced.
My parents wouldn't allow me to go by myself.
Parents are always worried about the future of their children.
There is no satisfactory answer a parent can give to this.
Nature is a good mother.
Parents are proud of their children when they do well in school.
Parents often make sacrifices to give a good education to their children.
Parents hope their children will become independent as soon as possible.
Parents punish their children for misbehavior.
Parents provide protection for their children.
Parents have various influences on their children.
Are parents rational about their children?
Parents must provide their children with proper food and clothing.
Parents try not to think about it, hoping that if they blot the children out, the fateful call or cable will never come.
Parents are responsible for their children's education.
Parents must look after the well-being of the their children.
Parents must answer for their children's conduct.
Parents should deal fairly with their children.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children's health.
The mother sponged her sick child's face.
Find things out for yourself instead of having a parent or a teacher tell you.
You should not depend on your parents.
By the time you wish to be a good son, your parents are long gone.
It must be nice having such a loyal son. You don't have to wonder if you'll be taken care of in your old age.
Trade knows neither friends or kindred.
The father and son met after a long separation.
I had my thumbnail torn off.
Thank you for your kind hospitality.
I appreciate your kind letter.
Thank you for your kind letter.
Being kind, he is loved by everyone.
We appreciate your kind advice.
Some people were kind and others were unkind.
I am much obliged to you for your kind help.
He was kind enough to help me.
He did me a kindness when he got me a job.
Kindness is a virtue.
Kindness is the essence of politeness.
His relatives were convinced of his innocence.
My wisdom teeth are coming in.
I'm getting my wisdom tooth.
Father looked me full in the face.
Even good friends should make an effort to keep up their friendship.
I can talk about anything with my best friend.
Making friends with people doesn't have anything to do with how long you know them.
Make a few good friends and stick to them.
His relatives began to keep away from him.
I'd like to see the doctor.
I'll give you a check-up.
Keep the dog still while I examine him.
I'd like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
That's it for your medical exam.
An afternoon appointment is more convenient for me.
A morning appointment is better for me.
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.
From what time to what time is your office open?
You can get up from the examination table now.
Lie on your stomach on the examination table.
Lie on your back on the examination table.
Can I use my credit card?
Can I use my travelers' checks to pay the fee?
You must leave diagnosis to your doctor.
Can I make an appointment to have a medical examination?
Judging from her appearance, I think that she's rich.
Don't despise a man just because he is poorly dressed.
She is regardless of her appearance.
Clothes make the man.
The honor you are giving me is more than I deserve.
Cut one's coat according to one's cloth.
It is freezing cold.
I hope to earn a respectable income by the time I settle down.
Risk all and gain all.
You don't have to play outside in the biting wind.
It's bitter cold.
Gesture is another way of communication.
Gestural language had, however, serious limitations, since it could not be used in the dark or at distance.
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Big men are not necessarily strong men.
The body must be developed along with the mind.
One must take good care of oneself.
I really enjoy helping disabled people.
Rank boys according to their height.
Remember your station in life.
Do you have any ID?
Any student with an I.D. card has access to the library.
May I see two pieces of identification?
Some people love hot curry, but it's not Jeff's cup of tea.
You shouldn't eat anything spicy.
I want something dry.
It's patience that counts.
You must persevere before you can succeed.
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.
One who is not willing to learn is not worth teaching.
Willingness to take responsibility is a sign of maturity.
You will learn your lessons only in so far as you are willing to keep studying them.
Progress is a comfortable disease.
The theory of evolution is beyond the reach of my imagination.
Progress is monitored daily and stored in a database.
Never get off the train while it is going.
Shinko's brother is eight.
Shinko disputed with him about it.
Shinko is kindness itself.
Shinko is full of fight.
I am in a tight place.
I asked my teacher for advice on my future course.
I pricked my thumb with a needle.
Don't you have a needle and some thread?
I don't like sewing because I can't thread the needle.
You might hear a pin drop.
The hand on its axis turns at revolutions per hour.
Wires transmit electricity.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
A shiver ran down my spine.
I'll stand by you no matter what others may say.
I don't think I would ever shop until I had to go into debt because of it.
Americans are all ears when people say something.
I do not mind what people say.
I don't care what people say.
The most valuable skill one can acquire is the ability to think for oneself.
You should not respect a man because he is rich.
At one time it was thought impracticable for man to fly.
I don't care a damn what people think of me.
You often hear people compare life to voyage, don't you?
The more, the merrier.
You should not despise a man because he is poor.
Don't interrupt people when they're talking.
Don't cut in while others are talking.
You should hold your tongue while someone else is talking.
Do not interrupt when another is speaking.
Don't think it has nothing to do with you.
That's only because you don't have to do it.
It is impolite to elbow one's way through the crowd.
Not a soul was to be seen.
People and robots can cooperate with each other in making life easier.
Be punctual for appointments, otherwise you'll lose face.
When meeting a person for the first time, keep the conversation light.
I can't talk with people.
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.
Could you bear anyone to treat you like that?
For he knew what was in a man.
It is polite to open doors for people.
People have worldly passions which lead them into delusions and sufferings.
People differ in habits.
Each person has various reasons for going on a trip abroad.
Each man has his own field of work.
Speak kindly to others.
We have two ears.
Every man has his weak side.
He that cannot ask cannot live.
Blessed are those who give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Opinions vary from person to person.
Some people gain weight when they stop smoking.
Every man in his way.
I'm not good at meeting people.
To persuade somebody that your recommendation is reasonable and wise, you have to give reasons and quote known examples and authorities.
When meeting a person for the first time, be sure to pay attention to the distance placed between yourself and your partner.
Practice what you preach.
Don't let anyone take advantage of you.
My husband got the hots for a Canadian and is threatening me with divorce.
No one feels displeased when he is praised.
You must not cast a spell upon someone inside the school.
Don't find fault with others.
Don't speak ill of others while they are away.
Why don't you mind your own business? What do you gain by sticking your nose into other people's affairs?
Don't interfere in other people's affairs.
You'd better mind your own business.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
Now that people can steal passwords, illegal impersonation is becoming a serious problem.
Learn wisdom from the faults of others.
Don't speak ill of others.
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.
It is not right to criticize people behind their backs.
You can't trust rumors.
It will be a nine-day's wonder.
A wonder lasts but nine days.
A man's worth has nothing to do with his appearance.
A man's worth does not lie in what he has, but in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than in what he has.
A man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
A man's worth should be judged by his character rather than by his social position.
You must try to avoid hurting people's feelings.
Don't say such things that hurt others' feelings.
A person's face tells a great deal about his character.
Every man has his humor.
We cannot control the tongues of others.
We cannot control other people's tongues.
Don't depend on others' kindness.
I wouldn't like to cash in on other people's misfortunes.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
A man's happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has.
One's view is determined by his education, sex, class and age.
A person's soul is immortal.
It is easy to find fault with the work of others.
So the Son of Man must be lifted up.
As a man lives, so shall he die.
Don't meddle in other people's affairs.
When people meet, first impressions determine more than percent of whatever happens next.
One's success in life has little to do with one's inborn gift.
Everybody loves a winner.
Don't follow anybody blindly.
Do not always ride on someone's coat-tail.
So many men, so many minds.
A man's heart is about as large as his fist.
By other's faults wise men correct their own.
Recognize and respect the personality of a person.
The life of a person is a transient thing.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him a week.
One's lifestyle is largely determined by money.
Men get their growth before they are thirty.
A man's worth lies in what he is, not in what he has.
The burden is light on the shoulder.
Man's skin is very sensitive to temperature changes.
The apples on the other side of the wall are the sweetest.
I don't understand how in the world they can take your stuff for safekeeping, but then the post office guy has the nerve to tell you "Sorry, we lost it" and expect that to be the end of it.
It is his constant boast that he has a good memory for names.
They are talking loudly when they know they are disturbing others.
There is no more dangerous experiment than that of undertaking to be one thing before a man's face and another behind his back.
Stop sticking your nose into other people's business.
All you ever do is nitpick. I wish you could say something more constructive.
It's good to put yourself in someone else's place now and then.
You should not expect the help of others.
It is rude to interrupt others.
Don't throw a wet blanket over our conversation.
A man should not be judged by his station in life.
People are apt to make excuses.
People usually become famous at the cost of their privacy.
One should always do one's best.
One is often judged by the company one keeps.
We know that all men are mortal.
All shall die.
Men can only be corrected by showing them what they are.
One should love one's own mother.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
Each person has a duty to do.
No matter how rich a person is, he shouldn't be idle.
I think everyone looks back on their childhood with some regret.
Every man is master in his own house.
Every cock crows on his own dunghill.
We are all liable to make mistakes.
People carried their own weight then.
People used to associate demonstrations with students.
People often don't notice their own faults.
One is apt to think oneself faultless. State the facts as they are.
No matter how rich people are, they always want more.
No matter how rich a man may be, he ought not to be idle.
No matter how old one may be, one can learn.
One will be judged by one's appearance first of all.
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."
No one can live by and for himself.
One must do one's best.
When we are praised, we gain confidence.
One is judged by one's speech first of all.
One can't learn to do anything without making mistakes.
Different people have different ideas.
All men are fallible.
Everyone has a right to live.
Men will not look at things as they really are, but as they wish them to be.
Men differ from brutes in that they can think and speak.
People often take me for my brother.
Man is a conscious being.
People as a whole don't do things like that.
One can't quarrel with destiny.
People can't live forever.
People are given a lot of pleasure by music.
Man is above all things the talking animal.
One must do one's best in everything.
One should not lament over past mistakes too long.
I don't suppose you ever really get over the death of a child.
Everybody wants to be happy.
Every man cannot be happy.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
All men must die.
You shouldn't judge a person by his looks.
People are protesting against nuclear weapons.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
One must observe the rules.
One should do one's duty.
We are born crying, spend our lives complaining, and die disappointed.
We learn by teaching.
One tends to shout when excited.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
Accordingly as people become rich, they are apt to be stingy.
Men can not exist without air.
People learn from experience.
One should take care of oneself.
A man cannot be judged by his appearance.
Men are not always what they seem to be.
We express our thoughts by means of words.
People love to inspect each other's houses.
It may be said that a man is known by the company he keeps.
Man fears disasters such as floods and fires.
One should do one's best.
Man lives in communities such as cities and countries.
Man is mortal.
The more we have, the more we want.
The more people have, the more they want.
People are sometimes tempted to eat more than they should.
You don't know when you're alive.
One ought to be true to oneself.
One must do one's duty.
One should do one's duties.
One learns from one's own mistakes.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
We must be careful of our health.
One should keep one's promise.
One must love one's neighbor.
Man is a social animal.
It's necessary for us to sleep well.
One must always keep one's promise.
A man must be honest.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
From the moment of his birth, man cannot get along without depending on others.
Is it valid to say that all men are created equal?
Are people born intelligent or stupid, or is intelligence the result of how you live?
As soon as man is born he begins to die.
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
People once held that the world was flat.
A man is more or less what he looks like.
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work.
One should wash oneself.
Every man has his own strong points.
No man can live by and for himself.
All men have some natural talent, but the question is whether they can use it or not.
Not everybody wants to be an artist.
Not everybody can be an artist.
Every sane man is accountable to his conscience for his behavior.
Everyone should periodically receive a physical examination.
All are equal.
A person is either male or female.
The more a man knows, the more he discovers his ignorance.
A man can receive only what is given to him from heaven.
One should be considerate about things and considerate of people.
A man must work.
One cannot do lots of things at the same time.
One can't do lots of things at the same time.
No man can serve two masters.
A man will succeed to the same extent as he perseveres.
The older one grows, the weaker one's memory becomes.
As one grows older, one becomes more silent.
The older we grow, the more forgetful we become.
One is more prone to make mistakes when one is tired.
A man is not always what he seems.
Man modifies to his needs what nature produces.
People can turn to the law if they want to correct an injustice.
You will be known by the company you keep.
People usually go after fame.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man likes bright sunshine.
One must keep one's promises.
One shouldn't betray one's friends.
A man is known by his friends.
You can know a man by his friends.
Men are subject to temptation.
People react to the frustration in much the same way.
A time will soon come when people can enjoy space travel.
People thought him to be a great scholar.
The people have made their preparations for the trip.
It is not good to laugh at others.
Don't make fun of other people.
Are you kidding?
It's impolite to stare at people.
Let's refrain from stabbing people with knives.
Mary scared Tom out of his wits.
You should not judge people by their appearance.
Don't judge a man by what he has.
We'd better send for help.
When we deal with people, it would be wise to try to separate the sheep from the goats without letting them know it.
You should not judge a person by his appearance alone.
Don't judge people by their appearance.
Distrust of people, not to mention hate, is the root of human suffering.
Never trust a stranger.
You shouldn't judge a person by his appearance.
You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.
Could you page someone for me?
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
Don't point at others.
It's rude to point at anyone.
It is rude to point at people.
It is bad manners to point at people.
It is not right to put a man to death for punishment.
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
It is rude to laugh at others.
It is wrong of you to discriminate against people because of their race.
You should not keep people waiting.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him for a week.
The secret of influencing people lies not so much in being a good talker as in being a good listener.
Don't make a fool of me.
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
Visiting people is nicer than being visited.
You have to blast your way out.
What one is is more important than what one has.
Men, dogs, fish, and birds are all animals.
It's possible, though rare, for humans to catch diseases from animals.
The time may come when people will have used up all the oil.
The day will soon come when man can travel to Mars.
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon.
Just when the first human beings will reach Mars remains to be seen.
Only human beings are capable of speech.
Human beings alone take a very long time to bring up their little ones.
Man alone has the ability to reason.
Every person has a psychological need to feel that what he does is of some importance.
This is where human beings and animals greatly differ.
It is language that distinguishes man from beasts.
Human nature revolts against such a crime.
Man is a more dangerous foe to man than the elements of nature or animals in the wild.
Water is as precious as air to man.
Man has reason, animals do not.
Man has the ability to talk.
A man's worth depends on what he is, and not what he has.
A man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has.
Hope springs eternal in the human breast.
The human soul longs for something noble.
The soul of man is larger than the sky and deeper than the ocean.
The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed.
Those books which have made a lasting contribution to man's quest for truth, we call great books.
The true value of a man does not lie in what he has.
The true value of a man lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
Human parents teach some words by giving babies what they ask for.
Man's body is a sort of machine.
There is no limit to human progress.
The human brain can adapt to new situations.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
In humans, the eyes act together with the brain.
The savage in man is never quite eradicated.
The more we have, the greater our desire will be.
Nature is beyond mortal control.
Man's soul is immortal.
Human history is in essence a history of ideas.
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.
Man prides himself on the increase in his knowledge.
Man has the gift of speech which no animal has.
Man is none the happier for his wealth.
Men first visited the moon in 1969.
Man has two feet.
Man has been writing for about years.
Man is 70% water.
Man may well, in his attempt to be too ambitious, destroy himself.
Man will die sooner or later.
Human beings usually have two basic desires: to get away from pain and to arrive at pleasure.
Human beings are not always wiser than animals.
When did man start to use tools?
Human beings are emotional creatures, so to speak.
One lives but once in the world.
They have climbed the highest mountains and walked on the floor of the seas.
People can talk but animals cannot.
People love to talk, talk, talk.
It matters not how long we live, but how.
All human beings are much more intelligent than animals.
Man is but a reed, the weakest in nature, but he is a thinking reed.
People build houses, dams, bridges, ships and so on.
Man is the only animal that can use fire.
Man differs from animals in that he can use fire.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Humans can't live on Mars.
All human beings have the same kind of body.
Man is a creature of emotion.
Man is not the creature, so much as he is the creator, of circumstances.
Man learned to adjust to, and in some ways to shape, his environment.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
I believe men are basically good.
Man lives in a community, and has to conform to a social pattern.
A madman is not accountable for his actions.
Man has the gift of speech.
Man is the only animal that possesses language.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Man, being of flesh, is subject to diseases of the mind and after death, to worms.
Human beings communicate with each other by means of language.
Human beings are different from animals in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Men differ from other animals in that they can think and speak.
Man differs from animals in that he can think and speak.
Man is a thinking reed.
Man is unable to escape death.
People devised shelters in order to protect themselves.
Man is part of nature.
Human beings are powerless before nature.
Human beings seem to find it difficult to give up their old habits.
Man is indeed at the mercy of nature.
The men form a society.
Man is a creature of habit.
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Human beings can live up to days without food, but no more than without water.
We cannot exist without food.
Man consists of soul and body.
Man is not as almighty as God.
People are living in all parts of the world.
Man is a social animal by nature.
Man is born a sinner.
It crawls on all fours as a baby, then learns to walk on two legs, and finally needs a cane in old age.
All men are equal.
Man learned early to use tools.
No one can avert death.
Human beings evolved their intelligence.
Since their first appearance on earth, men have gathered information and have attempted to pass useful ideas to other men.
A man cannot be made in a mold.
Does mankind have dominion over animals and birds?
People have many things to communicate and many ways to do so.
Human beings have achieved a lot more than animals.
Man is bound to die.
Man is a complex organism.
Human beings are created to create things.
Man is the lord of all creation.
Human beings are gifted with infinite potential.
Man is a rational being.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they can speak and laugh.
Man is the only animal that talks.
Man is the only animal that can talk.
Man is different from animals in that he has the faculty of speech.
Man has the ability to speak.
Man, too, has been given protective devices against extreme temperatures.
Human beings communicate in many ways.
Human and animal life are influenced by their reactions to the atmospheric environment.
Man, know thyself. All wisdom centers there.
Hunger is perhaps the strongest of all human drives.
Comfort can spoil you. Once in a while, it can do you good to corner yourself.
Money doesn't always count for much in human relationships.
The misanthrope enjoys his solitude.
Hope, not fear, is the creative principle in human affairs.
Angels watch from above as men fight amongst themselves.
Is it popular?
He is deservedly popular.
Popular or not, it is right.
The popularity turned her head.
Some of the dolls are too expensive to buy.
Human rights groups are putting pressure on authoritarian governments.
The increase of the population is a serious problem.
It was the increase in population that caused the poverty.
Population growth has given rise to serious social problems.
There was a steady increase in population.
The population has doubled in the last five years.
The population is increasing.
The population remains stationary.
The population explosion is a serious problem.
I'm bottle-feeding my baby.
The artificial satellite was launched into orbit.
The ESA put a satellite into orbit.
The launching of artificial earth satellites is commonly looked upon as an exploration of space.
He refuses formula.
I met him in the crowd.
I could not make my way at all because of the crowd.
A woman picked my pocket in the crowd.
Stick with me until we get out of the crowd.
The man who was arrested for murder asked to plead the fifth.
They sell carrots at the grocery store.
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.
Carrots are good for the eyesight.
Man proposes, God disposes.
He tried to brave it out while held as a hostage.
The fate of the hostages depends on the result of the negotiation.
The hostages will be released before Christmas.
The hostages will be released.
All the hostages were released unharmed.
Many hands make light work.
The significant point as regards the segregation problem is to clarify the value system of each group.
He says racial reconciliation and nation building will be the aims of his government.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
There is no denying the fact that no one is free from racial prejudice.
Racial problems are often the cause of social unrest.
A shout arose from the people.
People started to run all at once.
How awful to reflect that what people say of us is true!
The people gathered about us.
People are saying that the crisis is over.
We often hear people say that time flies.
There were some people sitting about on the grass.
There were no laws for people to abide by.
The crowd rushed to the exit.
There is no doubt that people prefer peace to war.
People are playing near the beach.
When people came out of the factory in the evening, their faces looked white and ill.
The people rebelled against the king.
Be active in doing good for people.
To serve people is his sole object in life.
A group of people started off in snow boots.
The birds are flying near the people.
I will illustrate the way people use language.
People were filled with fright.
The character of men depends more on their occupations than on any teaching we can give them.
Some people are apt to think of their own way of life as the normal one and to look down on life-styles that differ from it.
They insisted on the criminal being punished.
People buy these tickets many months before the tournament starts.
People came from the farthest country.
And people were constantly coming to be baptized.
People will complain of heavy taxes.
The men cried for help.
People were choked with the gas.
People have more leisure than they have ever had.
People once believed the world was flat.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
They wanted to give Koko a new pet.
They have practiced this custom for many years.
People believe this report true.
People often said this to my mother.
People are bustling about.
People thronged the theater to see the star.
People rained words of praise on the hero.
People came to see the strange animal in the zoo one after another.
People took pity on the orphan.
They blamed the driver for the accident.
People laughed at the boy.
People came to the concert hall to listen to the famous orchestra.
The people got excited at the news.
They are substituting word processors for typewriters.
People waited for buses.
The people stood up so as to see the parade better.
People massed along the streets to watch the parade.
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous.
People were even encouraged to play football.
People came to drink orange juice more and more.
Everybody praised his heroism.
All the people were moved by his speech.
Everyone seemed to be very busy and everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
People were moving faster and faster.
People needed a more practical system of exchange, so various money systems developed.
People often complain about the weather.
The people were rescued all but one.
People used to laugh at him behind his back.
They waved flags to welcome the princess.
The people came out of their houses to listen to his music.
All the people are in favor of your idea.
Everyone laughed at the story.
The people gathered around a round table.
The people cried for help.
People take electricity for granted until its supply is cut off.
People tend to require strong stimuli.
People established churches and schools there.
People are apt to take it for granted that the professor can speak English.
The crowd made for the nearest door.
People see things differently according as they are rich or poor.
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
People must love one another.
But man loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
People walked about in the wide garden.
People were anxious for news of missing relatives.
People will gradually lose sight of the original purpose.
People hear without listening.
One receives unforgettable impressions of scenery and local life.
People need to express themselves; they cannot do so unless society allows them liberty to do so.
People swim at that beach at their own risk.
People love freedom.
People seemed to be anxious about the future.
The people laughed till she said, "Burn!"
People ran out of the castle.
People will always resist tyranny.
The people could repel the invasion.
People are crying out against the new tax.
People in general have faith in everything newspapers say.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
People are concerned about racial problems.
People greatly differ in their views of life.
People are suffering from the contamination of the water supply.
People were deprived of their political rights.
The people were ferried across the river.
People have a fear of wars.
People lived in villages.
People tend to look at others with bias.
The people were in a line to get the signature of the president.
People came from far and wide to hear the President's speech.
People no longer consider it strange for men to let their hair grow long.
People were removing the snow on the street.
People often have no sympathy for geniuses.
People seek escape from the heat of the town.
People were weeping at the news of his death.
People regretted his sudden death deeply.
The people praised him for his courage.
He was listened to with enthusiasm.
The people exulted over their good luck.
They elected him President of the USA.
People call him Dave.
People hailed him as king.
People laughed at him.
People believed her to be dead.
People came to like her paintings.
People are not always what they seem.
People were ground down by poverty.
People struggled against poverty.
People suffered heavy losses in the eruptions.
People were eager for peace.
People talk without having anything to say.
It is worthwhile considering what it is that makes people happy.
He persecuted people for their religion.
Trust people, but don't take candy from strangers.
The priest tried to improve the people's morals.
How many people are in your party?
I'm counting the number of people.
This is the life.
Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
Life is not all fun.
I get a kick out of life.
To some life is pleasure, to others suffering.
That life is mysterious, I admit.
Not everything is pleasant in life.
The best time of life is when you are young.
May this day be the happiest day in your life.
The best time of life is when we are young.
Success in life lies in diligence and vigilance.
There is no returning on the road of life.
Man's but a bubble.
That's the way the cookie crumbles.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
Life is indeed a good thing.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Life is very short.
Some people place a lot more emphasis on the importance of money in life.
Luck plays an important part in your life.
What is most important in life differs from person to person.
Nothing is more important in life than health.
It is everyone's wish to succeed in life.
Success in life is not necessarily the same thing as the acquirement of riches.
Success in life calls for constant efforts.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The difficulty in life is the choice.
You have to endure a lot of hardships in life.
Nothing is pleasant in life.
There are many mysteries in life.
Life is full of ups and downs.
There is more in life than meets the eye.
The unexpected often happens in life.
If you would succeed in life, you must work hard.
Each stage of life is a preparation for the next as well as a complete life in itself.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
We cannot expect to have halcyon days until we get safely through the crucial period in life.
Happiness and success in life do not depend on our circumstances, but on our efforts.
The most precious element in life is wonder.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
The secret of success in life is known only to those who have not succeeded.
I feel the uncertainty of life.
Making money is not the only goal in life.
Life is but an empty dream.
Life is, at best, a sea of troubles.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
He thinks that life is like a voyage in a sense.
Life is more interesting than any book.
Life being very short, you ought not to waste your time.
Life is often compared to a voyage.
Life has often been compared to climbing a mountain.
Life is often compared to a journey.
Life is at best very short.
How strange life is!
People say that life is short.
They often say that life is short.
Life is not all beer and skittles.
Life is full of chances.
Life is sweet.
Life is not all fun and games.
Life is not an empty dream.
Life is by no means a series of failures.
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.
One's life is like going far with a burden on one's back.
All life is a series of activities.
Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
Life is short and time is swift.
Life is a long and winding road.
Life is so important for him.
Life is full of adventure.
Do you think that life is but a dream?
Life is like a journey.
A man's life is but three score years and ten.
You must learn to see life as it is.
You had better not take such a hopeless view of life.
How I wish I could live my life again.
We must accept life, for good or for evil.
Some people compare life to a story.
Don't see life in terms of money.
When I look back on my life, I realize how much time I wasted.
What makes life dreary is the want of motivation.
The more we know about life, the better we can understand what we read.
Some people compare life to a stage.
Don't be so glum about it. Life has its ups and downs.
Don't do such a shameful thing in public.
Don't hang all over her like that in public.
You must speak clearly in company.
Behave yourself in company.
You should be more discreet in expressing yourself in public.
I don't like to sing in public.
Don't insult me in company.
He made fun of me in public.
Don't make a scene in public.
Don't speak ill of him in public.
It is mean of you to ridicule him in public.
Don't be shy about speaking in front of people.
Don't be afraid of speaking in public.
He tends to shy away from anything that involves public speaking.
I've got accustomed to speaking in public.
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.
The human body has a mysterious power to keep itself healthy and sound.
The human body is composed of billions of small cells.
A human body consists of a countless number of cells.
His true character is starting to show through.
What you are is more important than what you have.
We believe in government by and for the people.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
But for the support of the public, the President could not have survived the revolt.
The people saved their country from the enemies.
If you want to do eye-grabbing work you have to put out something punchy at the outset. Say what you mean directly.
Seldom have human beings experienced such a disaster.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
The time when mankind is free from hunger is yet to come.
It will not be long before man can travel to the moon.
Only man knows how to use fire.
I'll do anything in the interests of humanity.
I will labor in the cause of humanity.
What is man's ultimate destiny?
Half the species are woman.
Man reached the moon at last.
Human beings succeeded in flying into space.
Man hopes to master nature with science and technology.
Man should make peaceful use of technologies.
Mankind will succeed in making peaceful use of atomic energy.
Human beings are the higher mammals.
Humanity has suffered more from war in this century than ever before.
Man seems to need drama as much as he needs religion.
Man has got over many difficulties.
People have eaten with their fingers from the beginning of history.
The human race is dominant on earth.
Man would perish.
Man is insatiably curious.
I've got a keen-edged knife.
Many a mickle makes a muckle.
After they questioned him, the police returned the suspect to the house.
He kept silent all the time during the interrogation.
I have kidney trouble.
Prompt action prevents trouble in the future.
I have labor pains every thirty minutes.
My labor has started.
My contractions last about forty-five seconds.
Vinegar has a sharp taste.
The graph in Figure illustrates the differences in the means of total scores for white and black subject in each grade.
Let me explain it with a diagram.
I ran across your mother in the library.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
You ought to be quiet in a library.
Don't make a noise in the library.
We waited for Helen at the library for an hour, but she didn't appear.
I'll join you in the library.
How about studying together in the library?
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
There is no one reading in the library.
Do you ever study in the library?
There are a lot of students in the library.
We have a lot of children's books in the library.
There are a lot of books in the library.
They were alone in the library.
Will you tell me the way to the library?
They furnished the library with new books.
She took the book back to the library.
There was a crowd of students waiting in front of the library.
We must not speak in the library.
You must not tear pages out of library books.
You should avail yourself of the books in the library.
The air-conditioning in the library is too strong.
The library is on the second floor.
The library was founded in memory of the scholar.
Where is the library?
Excuse me, can you tell me the way to the library?
The library is open from a.m. to p.m.
The library is in the middle of the city.
It is a five-minute walk to the library.
I got lost trying to find the library.
Don't talk in the reading room.
The library is on the 4th floor.
That's it.
A glance at Chart will reveal that some of these trade cycles are very short-lived.
A rash broke out on her neck.
The icy wind cut us to the bones.
The snowstorm held on.
The snowstorm blotted out the view.
The traffic was paralyzed by the snowstorm.
The train arrived late because of the snowstorm.
The snowstorm raged for a full week.
A brass band is marching along the street.
Unless I miss my guess, he is forty.
According to an estimate, steel production will reach million tons this year.
I have been absorbed in reading a mystery.
I have not the least interest in detective stories.
Mystery novels are loved by a lot of people.
It's a special holiday for people who like detective stories.
The water is clear to the bottom.
With the water so cold, we decided not to swim.
Camping is impossible where there is no water.
Were it not for water, nothing could live.
But for water, no living thing could survive.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
Without water, we would soon die.
But for water, no man could live.
If it were not for water, no living things could live.
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
Without water, nothing could live.
I'd like some water.
I want to drink some water.
Water poured from the broken pipe.
Water spouted from the broken faucet.
The water came up to my waist.
There is no water.
The water shortage is due to the weather.
What do you call it when water freezes?
The shortage of water means that plants cannot thrive.
A water shortage causes inconvenience.
If it were not for water, we couldn't live.
I want some water.
Reflections could be seen in the puddles.
I stepped in a puddle and now my shoes are completely soaked going squish squish squish.
Water is strange stuff.
If it were not for water and salt, we could not live.
Water is to fish what air is to man.
We cannot do without air and water.
Water, forests, and minerals are important natural resources.
Water and oil are both liquids.
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
Oil and water don't blend.
You can't mix oil with water.
We cannot do without water.
We cannot exist without water.
Living without water is out of the question.
It is impossible to live without water.
I would like some more water.
I'd like some more water.
The chemical formula for water is H-O-H.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
The chemical formula for water is HO.
Water freezes at degrees Centigrade.
I can see some small fish swimming about in the water.
Standing pools gather filth.
The water whirled around the rocks.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water boils at degrees.
The water rose to a level of meters.
There is not a drop of water left.
Water freezes at degrees Fahrenheit.
There is quite a bit of water remaining.
The water is deepest here.
Water can not be had for nothing here.
The water will soon drain away.
Water boils at degrees Celsius.
Water is so important that we can hardly do without it even for a day.
Water is a natural resource of vital importance.
There is little water left.
Water is a liquid.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
When water is heated, it turns into gas.
Water was supplied from outside.
Water is as precious as air.
Water transmits sound better than air.
The water came up to the bridge girder in a second.
Water reflects light.
Water can be decomposed into oxygen and hydrogen.
The water came up to my knees.
Water is indispensable to us.
Water will boil if heated enough.
We have water enough.
There is a little water left.
Water changes into steam.
Water is indispensable to plants.
Water is important for humans.
Water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen.
Water tries to find its own level.
Water is essential to life.
Water is indispensable to life.
Water boils at a temperature of degrees centigrade.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
Water finds its level.
The water ran over the banks.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
Water changes into vapor when it is heated.
Water expands with heat.
The water came up to his waist.
The water turned to ice.
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
Water is heavier than oil.
The water is nice and cool.
The blisters have formed scabs.
Water and air are both fluids.
Sometimes water becomes a precious commodity.
She is a graceful beauty.
A glass of water will make you feel better.
Shall I bring you a glass of water?
I'd like a glass of water, please.
I'd like a glass of water.
Shall I get you some water?
Some water, please.
We have to buy water from Malaysia.
That rose will revive if you water it.
After taking a drink of water, the Prime Minister said, "Ask away!"
A glass of water, please.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Add water and stir to a paste.
We've run out of water.
Don't leave the water running.
Bring me some water, and be quick about it.
Please use the water with economy.
You don't have to buy water, do you?
Nothing is to be seen but water.
Nothing was to be seen but water.
I like summer best because I can swim.
You may go swimming or fishing.
Swimming is one thing I enjoy.
Swimming will be the main event of the next Olympics.
I belong to a swimming club.
I'm equal to my brother in swimming.
I am going to establish a new world record for swimming.
I like swimming and playing basketball.
Where swimming is concerned, he is second to none.
I'd rather play football than go swimming.
After swimming, a glass of orange juice really fills the bill.
Swimming is good exercise for the whole body.
Swimming is good exercise.
Swimming develops our muscles.
Swimming is good for your health.
Swimming is my hobby.
Swimming makes your legs strong.
Swimming will develop many different muscles.
Swimming is a very useful skill.
Did you have a good time swimming and surfing?
The swimming event was called off.
I got a cramp in my leg while swimming.
The flood victims were housed in several schools.
Let's stop this fruitless argument.
I'd like whiskey and water.
Another Scotch and water, please.
A buffalo is akin to an ox.
Buffaloes have big horns.
The city of Mito was crowded with blossom viewers.
The handle of the pitcher was broken.
Every miller draws water to his own mill.
Clear water breeds no fish.
A pilot guides the ship toward the port.
Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
The atomic number for hydrogen is 1.
Hydrogen does not exist as such in nature.
The water tank teems with mosquito larvae.
The stock got creamed when they got wind of the dilution.
Can you show me the way to the aquarium?
It's a good idea to bring something to slip on over your bathing suit.
The ice in the water melted.
Can you swim underwater?
Can you see fish swimming in the water?
I have athlete's foot and it's very itchy.
I have bad athlete's foot.
Athlete's foot is my brother's problem.
My athlete's foot hurts.
There is little water left in the canteen.
We couldn't use the faucet because it was out of order.
The water is running with great force.
The water supply was turned off.
The water of the water supply is dangerous.
The water pipes froze and then burst.
The water pipe burst.
You'd better not drink the tap water.
Fill the jars with water.
The flowers withered for want of water.
We couldn't take a bath for want of water.
We've had a poor crop due to lack of water.
During the water shortage, the value of water really came home to me.
Water shortage is caused by the loss of forests.
A water shortage causes a lot of inconvenience.
The sailors perished in the sea.
The sailors saw land.
A sailor saw his fellow sailor sink from exhaustion.
The sailors sang merry songs.
Water evaporates when it is heated.
You should drink a lot of liquid.
You should not drink a lot of liquid.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
I see some fishing boats on the horizon.
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
Can you see a sail on the horizon?
A bird flying out of the water is careful not to cause turbulence.
What you see above the water is just the tip of the iceberg.
School begins at half past eight except on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
We have to submit an essay by Wednesday.
Turn on the rice cooker, please.
You'd better fight off sleep.
Sleep and good food are indispensable to good health.
Sleep is no less necessary to health than food.
Sleep is essential to health.
Sleep is necessary to good health.
Do you get enough sleep?
Sleep is better than medicine.
There is nothing like sleep.
We can no more live without sleep than without food.
You have to get enough sleep.
I wish I had enough time to sleep.
Lack of sleep was undermining her health.
Your lack of sleep will catch up with you someday.
Intoxication is what happens when the brain is affected by certain stimulants.
I went for a walk to try to sober up.
He's just a fraud who pretends to be a doctor.
Granting that he was drunk, his conduct cannot be excused.
He was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense.
The drunk rolled up to him.
A drunk man fell down the stairs.
He was arrested for drunken driving.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
The angry wife was on the warpath; she hit her husband with a broom for coming home late and drunk.
You may leave your seat at will.
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
After all we had done, he was still ungrateful.
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
Several birds were flying in the air.
The shocks of several explosions were felt for miles.
I make several allusions to the Bible.
I like math best.
I'm best at math.
As I am not good at math, I hope my parents will allow me to have a private tutor.
I am good at math.
I am not equal to him in mathematics.
He is superior to me in mathematics.
In mathematics, a straight line is defined by two points.
In mathematics and English, he is second to none in the class.
He is superior in mathematics and English to everyone else from these.
Math and English were my favorite subjects.
We cannot keep up with him in mathematics.
When it comes to mathematics, he is second to none in his class.
How was the math test?
I worked hard in order to pass the math test.
I have no idea what we are doing in our math class.
I went to sleep during the math lesson.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
Our mathematics teacher won't give us a test tomorrow.
Did you work out the math problem?
Mathematics is Albert's favorite subject.
I do not like mathematics very much.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
I somehow got a passing grade in mathematics.
Math is the last subject that I want to study.
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
Mathematics is a difficult subject.
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
Mathematics is her weak point.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
Mathematics is an interesting subject.
I had been studying mathematics about an hour, when I felt sleepy.
Some students like mathematics and others don't.
I'll drop you a few lines.
I bought several guidebooks, none of which helped me.
The figures add up to 230.
The figure will be astronomical.
Please add up the numbers.
Once you go ahead and start, even the tiresome work of adding and subtracting figures is interesting in its way.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
Several companies are competing to gain the contract.
Dozens of people gathered before the station.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
Many years ago, I visited the center of Hiroshima.
A few people mentioned they would like to attend some sessions later in the day on the Technical Session Agenda.
Several people lay wounded.
Some students were sitting on the bench and having lunch.
Several students came to the library.
There were some guests waiting in the drawing room.
There are some children playing in the park.
Several children are playing in the sand.
Several young engineers were employed and were devoted to developing a new computer.
Some girls were playing tennis.
Several girls are standing beside the gate.
A few passengers went on board the plane.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
Some people are working in the fields.
Several politicians exerted strong pressure on the committee.
Several students have gone home without cleaning the classroom.
Several students were absent from school because of colds.
Of all the principles he once stood fast on.
Thousands of people became victims of this disease.
A few days would have been excusable, but you are in arrears for days.
You shouldn't go out for a few days.
You must not eat anything for a few days.
I think we should get away from here for a few days.
The weather stayed hot for a few days.
After a few days, she realized that he lacks in intelligence.
A few days later, he came.
It was not until a few days later that we heard the sad news.
I am leaving town for a few days.
Several years went by.
Years of heavy drinking has left John with a beer gut.
Years later, Europeans established colonies in the coastal areas.
Several years ago, in the course of being interviewed for a job, I was introduced to a competitor for the position.
A few years ago it would have been inconceivable for Japan to send troops overseas.
I lived in Tokyo a few years ago, but now I live in Kyoto.
Can you spare me a few minutes of your time?
Can you spare me a few minutes? I need your help.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
A few minutes' walk brought us to the park.
I reached the museum after a few minutes' walk.
We walked a few minutes and reached the shore.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the park.
I saw a little boy fall over a few steps ahead.
Apart from several windowpanes, there was no major damage.
Mrs. Sugimoto always wears neat clothes.
A sparrow is very alert in its movements.
A cloud of hornets set at the children.
I can see a clear blue sky and feel so good.
The tongue stings.
His expectations hit the mark exactly.
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
This is the big tough world.
There is much that is good in the world.
If you are to get ahead in life, you must work harder.
Nothing adds up in the world.
All the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
Suffering is the price of all good things in the world.
It's the trend that counts.
The world owes me, so fuck you!
It's a small world.
It seems as if things would change for the better.
The world is changing every minute.
The world will change in an instant.
He who rebukes the world is rebuked by the world.
Just like you want it to.
The whole world is off its rocker.
And the world was made through him.
The world did not recognize him.
Let us hope the world will never be on the brink of a nuclear war.
In many parts of the world it is illegal to shoot wild game such as deer, moose or pheasant.
What is the second largest country in the world?
It's the best job in the world!
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
No place in the world is as beautiful as the Swiss Alps.
Many trees are cut down in the world.
A lot of people are starving in the world.
The richest man in the world cannot buy her love.
What is the longest river in the world?
What's the most beautiful place in the world?
The book read most in the world is the Bible.
There are more than nations in the world.
There are more than languages in the world.
There are seven continents on the earth.
There are a lot of different peoples in the world.
There are a body of languages in the world.
Some people in the world suffer from hunger.
There are four oceans in the world.
There are quite a lot of tribes in the world.
There are many different races in the world.
There live in this world people of all sorts of colors and manners and customs.
There are almost seven billion people in the world.
A lot of people want peace all over the world.
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.
Nobody in the world wants war.
Everybody in the world desires peace.
No mountain in the world is as high as Mount Everest.
This train is the last train to the world's end.
It is high time we thought more about the damage to the world's climate.
Japan ranks among the economic powers of the world.
The world's aviation industry is growing increasingly worried about crashes.
The world population is expanding at the rate of nearly million people a year.
The population of the world is increasing so rapidly that it will be doubled within forty years.
The population of the world will double before long.
There is a rapid increase in world population.
Since the Industrial Revolution, the world population has more than tripled.
The world's population tends to increase.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
My fellow citizens of the world: Ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
The world's tropical rainforests are critical links in the ecological chain of life on the planet.
What do you think we must do in order to maintain the peace of the world?
Boeing, which builds more than half the world's commercial airliners, is understandably keen to draw attention to what can go wrong besides planes.
The history of the world is but the biography of great men.
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.
The world needs to change its thinking and behavior, especially in the developed nations.
When will the world come to an end?
The world economy is in recession now.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
It is often said that the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
The world still has not found peace.
The world is confronted with the problem of environmental pollution.
Did the world really act as fast as possible to meet the threat to the environment?
The world is not what it used to be.
The world needs to develop new energy sources in place of oil.
The world is running out of oil.
The world is split into two camps.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller every year.
I want to travel around the world.
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything.
I wish I could travel around the world.
It was a good luncheon, as hotels go.
Recovery of the world economy is not yet in sight.
Nobody can deny the fact the world economy revolves around the American economy.
The world economy will not recover anytime soon.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
It is the longest in the world.
The world history exam proved to be easier than I had expected.
World history is required for graduation.
Will you show me a map of the world?
Have a look at the world map.
Stones collected from all over the world are used.
All the world desires peace.
That sports are gaining in popularity all over the world is evidenced by the sports news in the papers, by the many sports equipment stores, and by the number of runners who participate in marathons or other races.
It was easy for them to be famous all over the world.
It has been played in many ways in most cultures around the world.
Millions of people all over the world knew about Rev. Martin Luther King and his beliefs.
I have a collection of silver tea spoons from all over the world.
Newspapers and television stations around the world told the story of Koko and her kitten.
Because people in the world don't speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
The whole world is watching the summit conference.
People all over the world are anxious for peace.
Let's call out to the people around the world.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
You can use English at most hotels anywhere in the world.
A global crisis is at hand.
Global agricultural output was expanding.
A worldwide plague of theft emptied museums.
What do you think we should do to make for world peace?
Is world peace made possible by friendship?
We should do our utmost to establish world peace.
We must work hard to promote world peace.
There is no one that does not long for world peace.
The shifting pattern of world trade is made clear in the following table.
She is saving her money with a view to taking a trip around the world.
There are many people in the world who complain that they are too busy to read.
Be infected with the evil ways of the world.
Don't mind about what others think.
Will you screen me from public censure?
Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be.
How long can the world stand by and watch these atrocities?
It is a small world!
People regard him as nothing.
The world has paid due recognition to her ability.
Don't kid yourself.
I read the newspaper to keep myself informed.
We have other things to do than worry about keeping up appearances.
I can't believe you're so clueless. You're like a babe in the woods.
The naive man blushed with shame.
He is a good man as the world goes.
You don't have to chat with them.
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
This is a rough world we are living in.
Public opinion obliged him to retire.
The trend of public opinion is against corporal punishment.
The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
Public opinion was strongly in favor of the project.
Public opinion is opposed to the policy.
The balance of public opinion remains in his favor.
Public opinion plays a vital in the political realm.
Public opinion counts for much.
A poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation.
Public opinion polls are barometers of confidence in the government.
I have kids to take care of.
How long is the Seto Bridge?
What does all this add up to?
I'd like that a lot.
I want the concert to be a success at any cost.
We must finish this work at any cost.
Please do so by all means.
I've got to see it.
Try to study a foreign language by all means.
Please come to my house by all means.
Come and see us by all means.
Do come to the party.
I want to see him at all costs.
A great light was diffused over the baseball stadium.
With restrictions removed, thousands of new enterprises have come into being.
Don't go beyond the speed limit.
You were exceeding the speed limit, weren't you?
Uncontrolled, these forces may be dangerous and destructive, but once mastered they can be bent to man's will and desire.
I'm out of control.
Uniforms deprive youths of an important choice: what to wear.
Do you have a school uniform?
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
Uniforms differ from school to school.
It's abating.
You are carried along with the slide.
Write only your family name in capitals.
You must associate with people of good character.
I can't get sexual satisfaction.
Quick judgements are dangerous.
I bleed when I make love.
It's painful making love.
I'm afraid I've contracted a venereal disease.
I had V.D.
You should not discriminate against people because of their sex.
I have no sexual desire.
Blessed is he who has found his work.
Let things take their own course.
The upstart tried to pass for a man of culture.
If you are to succeed, you should make efforts.
If you are to succeed, you must try harder.
If you want to succeed, you have to take a lot of risks.
If you want to succeed, use your time well.
You must work hard if you want to succeed.
Whether we succeed or not, we have to do our best.
He who will succeed must work hard.
Whether you succeed or not, you have to do your best.
If you are to succeed, you must make a good start.
Whether he succeeds or fails, he has to do his best.
The struggle to succeed sometimes leaves people feeling empty.
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife.
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.
Whether you will succeed or not depends upon your own exertions.
Whether you succeed or not depends on how hard you study.
It is up to you whether we succeed or not.
We hold out no expectation of success.
If you are to succeed, you must start studying now.
Work harder if you are to succeed.
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed.
To succeed we must go shoulder to shoulder.
Stick with it and you'll succeed.
You should keep on until you succeed.
Work hard so that you can succeed.
He prayed that I might succeed.
The teacher said: "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
Americans are all heading north to the land of opportunity.
There is no hope of success.
There was only a faint chance of success.
There is every promise of success.
The secret of success lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from his angle as well as from your own.
The secret of success is not to think of failure.
There is little hope of success.
Success depends on your own exertions.
Success depends mostly on effort.
Success is dependent on your effort.
Success is always on the side of the persevering.
Success consists of discipline.
Success depends on your efforts.
Success treads upon the heels of effort and perseverance.
Success is due less to ability than to zeal.
There are bright prospects of success.
There is no simple road to success.
There is no shortcut to success.
It is education that is key to the success.
Success or failure is all the same to me.
Break a leg.
A successful presentation of a play.
Don't be too eager for success.
There is not one of us but wishes to succeed.
Success often depends on one's temperament.
My grades fell greatly.
Grades are important, but they are not everything.
Any student who wishes to review his grades may make an appointment with the college dean.
If one wants to grow, one must not avoid hardships.
That which grows fast withers as rapidly.
A growing child who is not full of beans probably needs medical attention.
It is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour.
The Narita Express will take you directly to Tokyo Station in approximately minutes.
There is an international airport in Narita.
At Narita Airport, I ran into an old friend of mine.
I will go with you as far as Narita Airport.
He gave me a ride to the Narita airport.
I will try my best, whether I shall be successful or not.
Money counts for much in political circles.
Political candidates should talk about family values.
I'm opposed to political power being monopolized within a clique.
Questioned about his policies, the candidate gave only vague answers.
Politics was the main topic of their conversation.
It is our national conviction that politics is a dirty and dishonest pursuit.
What is the relationship between politics and war?
Appreciate the importance of propaganda in politics.
I'd rather not say anything about politics.
I suggest we discuss politics.
My interest in politics is strictly academic.
There are several forms of government.
When it comes to politics, I know nothing.
We are sick and tired of political corruption.
When it comes to politics, he is as eloquent as anyone.
It seems that the government wants to separate these three.
Why is politics separating us, when we ourselves know who is good and who isn't?
Politics has much to do with me.
Developing political awareness takes time.
He is a politician, if ever there was one.
A politician thinks of the next election; a statesman, of the next generation.
The politician tried to cover up the insider trading.
The statesmen are barely coping with the intricate foreign affairs.
The statesman and writer is dead.
As a politician, he makes utmost use of his acting ability.
Accepting money as a politician is sometimes a gray area.
I want to be a statesman.
Vision is indispensable to a statesman.
Some politicians seem to be lost to shame.
Politicians are always telling us that better times are just around the corner.
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.
A politician should serve the people.
Politicians are cashing in on public apathy.
Politicians are good at raising money.
A politician must always be able to account for money he receives.
Statesmen should take public opinion into account.
Statesmen should take account of public opinion.
The politicians try to pass the buck.
He promised political reforms would be put into practice.
Politics is the science of how who gets what, when and why.
Political activity tends to be discouraged in most work places.
The political situation has changed.
Political concerns have caused many people to doubt the prediction.
It's much less usual for a person to be politically aware than to be politically active.
Political unrest was in the air.
On the political level the response was the nationalist and fundamentalist revolt of the Maccabees.
Political prisoners are on a hunger strike for better conditions.
The political offender rebelled against the police authority.
Any politician who does not toe the main party line would be branded a renegade.
It's about time the government did something about pollution.
Our governments belong to us, not us to them.
My career in the government includes many overseas assignments.
The government cannot be seen to give in to terrorists' demands.
The government and industry are cooperating to fight pollution.
We need more effective price controls by the Government.
Your ideas about the government are different from mine.
It's like pulling teeth to ask the government to change their policy.
The unwise statement by the government caused prices to rise again.
The Government's domestic policy was announced.
The government's new economic plan leaves much to be desired.
The government's economic policy is credited for Japan's postwar economic success.
Government spending is getting a little out of hand.
The government's actions were condemned worldwide.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
The government's investment will create many jobs.
The government should do away with those old regulations.
The government imposed a new tax on cigarettes.
The government will have to deal with the financial problem.
The government will have much trouble balancing the needs of its younger population with the requirements of the old people.
The government adopted strong measures to fight inflation.
The government is desperate to keep inflation down.
The government should endeavor to curb inflation.
The government is bringing in a new bill on this matter.
The government should do away with these regulations.
The government is reluctant to alter its economic policy.
The government tried to suppress all opposition parties.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
The government is scheduled to put the plan into practice next year.
The government had to make up for the loss.
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter.
The government announced that they would pay their debts.
The government pushed the bill through the Diet.
The government is still groping for a solution to the problem.
The government has set up a committee to look into the problem.
The government turned down the request.
The government is determined to put an end to terrorism.
The government tends to control the media.
The government appointed Mr Brown ambassador to Peru.
The government cannot avoid the issue of homelessness any longer.
The government prohibits us from carrying guns without a license.
The government has imposed a new tax on wine.
The government appointed a committee to investigate the accident.
The government watched the activities of radical groups carefully.
The government provided us with food.
The government had to alter its foreign policy.
The government dispatched missions abroad.
The government didn't take appropriate measures to prevent the infection from spreading.
The government undertook a drastic reform of parliament.
The government has been reforming education.
Will the government raise the consumption tax soon?
The government will tax your income.
The government has declared its intention to reduce taxes.
The government is trying to get rid of pollution.
The government should promote common welfare.
The government started a program to promote industry.
The government is compelled to reconstruct national finance.
The government is promoting the use of home products.
The government has taken measures to promote domestic industry.
A government suffers from civil affairs.
The government must make fundamental changes.
The government compensated the farmers for the damage to the crops.
The government should invest more money in industry.
The government is running its largest deficit ever.
The government makes us pay tax.
The government has made efforts to make our country clean and green.
The government is trying to bring things back to normal.
The government issued the following statement.
The government is expelling illegal aliens as part of a crackdown.
The government made no move to solve the housing problem.
The government clamped down on the minority group.
The government lightened taxes.
The government made an announcement to the effect that taxes would be raised.
The government started tax reform.
The government ordered that the price of soap be reduced by two pence.
The administration cannot but look for alternative sources of revenue.
The government refuses to bow to public pressure.
Governments usually resort to price control when inflation has reached a certain level.
The government was overthrown.
The government decided to impose a special tax on very high incomes.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
The government imposed a new tax on farmers.
The government has increased its financial aid to the developing nations.
The government deprived him of all his rights.
The government promised to wipe out poverty.
The government has held commodity prices in check.
The government lifted price controls.
He argues that the administration must look for alternative sources of revenue.
The government must enforce the law immediately.
The government acted boldly to deal with the outlaw uprising.
The government will have to take drastic action to solve the problem.
The government has the power of legislation.
It sounds as if the government doesn't know what to do.
Let's get some brochures from the travel bureau.
Government officials inspected all factories.
Down with the Government!
One of the government's proposals is to give out condoms in high schools.
The authorities sent in troops to quell the riot.
A government official's stately mansion was looted.
Cleared, the site will be valuable.
The stars are spread all over the night sky.
The stars twinkled.
The stars are bright.
The stars were twinkling in the sky.
The stars are glittering above.
Stars are shining in the sky.
Stars began to appear in the sky.
The stars are shining in the sky.
The stars were beginning to appear.
The stars came out.
Let me wish upon a shooting star.
Stars shine above in the sky.
Stars cannot be seen in the daytime.
The stars look dim because of the city lights.
The stars twinkled above her.
Stars can be seen at night.
It is interesting to watch stars.
Star-watching is good for your eyes.
It is interesting to look at the stars.
Not a star was to be seen.
The asterisks mark important references.
Make a wish on a starry night.
According to the stars, she and I aren't supposed to have much chemistry between us.
Mr Hoshino is hard to please.
The sky is likely to clear up.
Frequently clear and balmy weather deteriorates and it soon rains cats and dogs.
I think it will be sunny.
It being fine, we started climbing Mt Fuji.
Look at the clear sky.
Nothing is more pleasant than to take a walk on a fine spring day.
It was a fine day so I went on a picnic.
It was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky.
Nothing is so pleasant as going on a picnic on a fine day.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
Nothing is so pleasant as taking a walk along the seaside on a fine day.
The stars were brilliant in the clear night sky.
It was sunny and warm.
It's nice.
It's going to clear up.
The weather is clearing up. I needn't have brought an umbrella.
The weather clearing, he went out for a walk.
It seems to be clearing up.
I don't suppose it's going to be sunny.
We can see Mt. Fuji far away on a fine day.
I hope it will be fine.
I think it will be fine.
I thought it was going to clear up. On the contrary, it began to rain.
I wonder if it will be nice.
If the weather clears up, we'll go for a walk in the forest.
I hope it will be nice.
It is clearing up.
Fair, later cloudy.
Rain or shine, the opening ceremony is to begin at nine.
Rain or shine, the athletic meet will be held.
Rain or shine, I will go.
Rain or shine, the postman delivers the mail.
I sometimes wish I could live a quiet retired sort of life but I doubt I could stand it for more than a few days.
In spite of the sunny weather, the air was rather chilly.
You should take advantage of the good weather to paint the fence.
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong.
Do what is right.
Do that which is right.
Do whatever you think is right.
You ought to have the courage to speak out what you believe to be right.
Do what you believe is right.
Nothing is ever right.
What's the right time?
Mark the right answer.
Cross out the incorrect words.
Properly used, certain poisons will prove beneficial.
That's what I thought.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
Please check the correct answer.
Please circle the right answer.
I refer you to the dictionary for the correct spelling.
The exact temperature is 22.degrees Celsius.
Do not rely on the room clock for the accurate time of day.
What is the exact time?
Tell me the right time, please.
Can you tell me the exact time, please?
I'd like to know the exact time.
I forgot what the exact price was, but it was about dollars.
The exact time is three now.
I do not know exactly.
What is the right time?
To be accurate, he is to blame.
Specifically, I'm a university lecturer.
He came to himself.
Are you losing your mind?
When I came to, I found myself lying on the floor.
When I came to myself, I was in the hospital.
Justice and kindness are virtues.
I fight in the cause of justice.
Let us be united in the cause of justice.
Justice will assert itself.
New Year's Day is close at hand.
At the New Year, we spend a lot of time with our family.
It has been raining on and off since noon.
I'll call you at noon.
At noon, I have lunch with my classmates.
I'll come at noon to pick you up.
At noon they lay down in a forest to rest.
I have lunch at noon with my friends.
The noon siren is blowing.
It's impossible to get there by noon.
Can you finish it by noon?
We should be there by noon.
She wished it would stop raining by noon.
We'll make the summit of the hill by noon.
Stay at home till noon.
Please wait till noon.
I'll wait till noon.
It's nearly noon and he's still in bed.
If you are to arrive there before noon, you must start early in the morning.
Masako usually walks to school.
Instead of waiting for a contract, we can handle it over the phone.
I will send our formal agreement to you.
Officially it is his responsibility, but in fact his secretary does all the work.
He cannot tell right from wrong.
It is not always easy to separate right from wrong.
It is hard, perhaps even impossible, to define normal sensory perception.
I have to dress up.
Formal dress must be worn.
Frankly speaking, I don't like her.
Honesty doesn't always pay.
There are cases where honesty doesn't pay.
I have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy.
It is my belief that the important thing is that we should do our best.
It goes without saying that honesty is the key to success.
The honest old man became rich.
Honesty is no guarantee of success.
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
As he was an honest man, I employed him.
As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
I like that young man in that he is honest and candid.
Honesty is a virtue.
Honestly, it's all or nothing.
I like the boy all the better for his honesty.
Honest people despise those who lie.
An honest man would not do such a thing.
Who that is honest will do such a thing?
An honest man never steals money.
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.
To tell the truth, he was lonely.
To tell you the truth, I'd tell Tony I'm going back to cutting the grass myself again next year, except for one thing.
Honestly, I can't trust him.
An honest man is the noblest work of God.
Honesty is never the best policy.
Honesty pays in the long run.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Honesty is the best policy.
Honesty, I believe, is the best policy.
Honesty sometimes doesn't pay.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
Frankly speaking, you are in the wrong.
To tell the truth, I don't like classical music. On the other hand, Molly is really into it.
Honesty doesn't pay.
Honesty does not always pay. Such is the way of the world.
Never stay away from school without good cause.
I have a feeling that Masao may blow in sometime soon.
Masao belongs to the tennis club.
May I go there with Masao, Father?
A square has four sides.
A square has four equal sides.
Cut a square in halves.
The front door remained locked.
Masao studies history under Prof. Ito's guidance.
Cleanliness is proper to the Japanese.
Going all out like this is going to propel me right into an all-or-nothing struggle.
Where is there a soft drink vending machine?
He has a reputation as being straight as an arrow. He'd never get involved in corruption.
He must not live.
They die well that live well.
I'll take whoever wants to go.
There are lots of hardships in our life.
Sleep is essential for the preservation of life.
She did not forget his kindness as long as she lived.
I have once seen a live whale.
As long as I live, I will never forget visiting Rome.
I'll never forget you as long as I live.
As long as we live, our heart never stops beating.
While there is life, there is hope.
This is life!
As long as we live, we should work.
The instinct for survival is innate.
To live is to suffer.
Food is always necessary for life.
All living things die some day.
Flower arrangement is a traditional art in Japan.
Flower arrangement is a part of Japanese culture.
I'd like to learn how to arrange flowers.
Accrued interest will be paid into your account.
When it comes to raw fish, I feel disgusted.
Raw fish easily goes bad.
Raw fish is not to my taste.
Have you ever eaten raw fish?
The new arrival was a lovely girl.
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill.
The baby was named Richard after his grandfather.
In natural gifts he is second to none.
He is by nature quite an easy-going man.
I wish you'd never been born.
Never in my life have I heard such a terrible story!
For the first time in my life, I felt a pang of conscience, but there was no other way out.
It is not men's faults that ruin them so much as the manner in which they conduct themselves after the faults have been committed.
I want some fresh eggs.
I feel alive.
Nobody likes a wise guy.
He had the presumption to reject my proposal.
The biochemistry test was a cinch.
He was doomed to life-long poverty.
Every day in your life you're lonely.
It was the biggest mistake of my life.
Lifelong education means perpetual retraining.
Why don't you adapt your way of life to circumstances?
I have to tighten my belt.
No problem demands more urgency than the human conditions of life.
As for the standard of living, the republic has overtaken other developed countries.
As for the standard of living, the republic has caught up with the West.
Living standards should be higher.
It is getting more and more difficult to make a living.
The cost of living has risen so quickly that it is almost impossible for us to make both ends meet.
Living costs are getting higher.
The cost of living is going up continuously.
The cost of living has greatly risen in the past ten years.
Life is more and more expensive.
Living is dear, accordingly we have to economize.
We cut our living costs.
It is very difficult to persuade people to change their life style.
When I came to, I found myself in the hospital.
Don't quarrel with your bread and butter.
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
The two felt the pressing necessity of earning a livelihood.
The cost of living has shot through the ceiling in the last year.
My six-month old son is teething.
Production is turning down.
Production has remarkably increased.
The output is way below last year's level.
Production improves by becoming more automatic.
We'll employ a new tool to increase productivity.
Productivity has fallen. Accordingly, workers' bonuses will be reduced.
The number of the living was smaller than that of the dead.
They searched here and there looking for survivors.
The instinct for survival is inherent in every living thing.
Will you make me up a dress if I give you the material?
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Not only the students but also their teacher wishes for holidays.
Many of the students were tired.
The students were not respectful towards their teacher.
As soon as the new teacher entered the classroom, the students began to applaud.
The students made her life happy.
The students stood up one by one and introduced themselves.
The students parted into three groups.
The students bothered the teacher with silly questions.
The students sat quiet all the time.
The students were told to learn the poem by heart.
The pupils loved that joke.
The students adore the new English teacher.
The teacher is looked up to by the pupils.
The pupils learned many poems by heart.
All the students like holidays.
All the students began talking at once.
The students are looking forward to the summer vacation.
All the students look up to him.
The students are very busy in preparation for the school festival.
The pupils are bound down by the rules.
The students are afraid to speak out.
The pupils disobeyed their teacher.
The pupils absorbed all the knowledge the teacher gave them.
The pupils are supposed to observe rigid discipline.
The students are talking about language and culture.
The students are all at their desks now.
The students must not enter the teachers' room this week.
The students seem to be sleepy today.
The students prepared for the examination.
The students never really get with it till just before the exam.
The students asked questions one after another.
The students answered in order.
The pupils began to read all together.
The students went to the baseball game along with their teacher.
The students presented their teacher with a gold watch.
The students apologized to the teacher for being late to class.
The students hold their teacher in high regard.
The students said the story was too difficult.
Professor Kibishii prohibited pupils from buying that kind of book.
Some teachers have a great effect on their students.
What is the total number of students?
We're getting fewer and fewer students.
Some pupils find it difficult to follow the rules.
The students range in age from to 25.
Let's classify the names of the students alphabetically.
Students don't raise their hands much.
Students must not use this toilet.
None of the students like tests at school.
Every pupil is supposed to know the school regulations.
Each student has his own desk.
The students pay keen attention.
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
Each student has to hand in a composition every week.
There are about a thousand students in all.
No students could answer the question.
The students could not give an answer.
I became hardened to punishing pupils.
The student council discussed plans for the graduation.
I was very surprised to see students cleaning their classroom after school.
I think it is good for students to clean their classroom.
This school sets high moral standards for pupils.
Some of the students are in the library, but the others are in the classroom.
The students are happy, but the teachers are not.
The students were highly pleased at the news.
All the students have gone home.
All his students looked up to him as a man of character.
The students were busy preparing for the school festival.
The students found the final examination to be a breeze.
The pupils did the work themselves.
The pupils stand up when their teacher enters.
The students bowed to their teacher.
His speech made a deep impression on the students.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
May I have your birth date?
It is easy to consider man unique among living organisms.
Living organisms had existed on earth, without ever knowing why, for over three thousand million years before the truth finally dawned on one of them.
No living things could live without oxygen.
I took my degree in biology.
Biologists assert the losses are severe.
The biologist concentrated on observing the phenomenon.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
How and when life began is still a mystery.
There are many theories about the origin of life.
The mystery of life is beyond human understanding.
Those who have never thought about the value of life should not study medicine.
When did life come into being?
Life is all in all.
I wonder if life exists on other planets.
Don't make light of life.
I can't eat a raw egg; it must be cooked.
My period is five weeks late.
I don't menstruate.
I missed a period.
My menstrual cycle is irregular.
I have very heavy periods.
My period is regular.
Is your menstruation normal?
Human physiology is a three-credit course.
I have bad cramps when I have my period.
Where are the sanitary napkins?
I love this arrangement.
You don't have to dress up.
Professor Morita presided at a meeting of the Chemical Society.
I'll try to explain it to you to the best of my ability.
Try hard.
It is said that this hot water brings a balance between body and mind.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
The mind should be developed along with the body.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
I'll give you moral support.
Mental exercise is particularly important for young children.
I'd like you to have a thorough examination.
It was almost a decade ago, on May 8th, 1980, that Mount St. Helens erupted.
I also heard that it'd been awful around the Olympic Flame.
I can't say that Mr. Kelly has lived a saint's life.
The holy man tiptoed his way across the Ganges.
Then they believed the scripture and the words that Jesus had spoken.
As in the Bible, man may not be always perfect.
Thus goes the Bible.
Much wisdom is to be found in the Bible.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
The Bible tells us that we should love our neighbors.
The Bible sells more than one million copies every year.
It is quite common now to meet with young people who do not know the Bible.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
This is the first time for me to read the Bible.
The priest seems to make it a practice to climb on the underdog's bandwagon and persuade the other side to compromise.
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.
Spirit manifested itself.
Tone of voice can indicate feelings.
Tone of voice can indicate anger and irony.
Read it aloud.
She spoke above her breath.
Read the book aloud.
I recognized Jane at once by her voice.
The cheering ceased.
The best way for adjusting the gap between the internal and the external price and securing economic growth is to promote the non-manufacturing industry's productivity by aggressive investing in facilities.
Manufacturers are liable for defects in their products.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
I estimate the production costs to be percent of the budget.
The manufacturing sector is a frenzy over the new monetary policy.
We can deliver the product in June.
Any industrial property rights relating to the Product Specification shall belong to ABC Inc.
Selling products sometimes requires having a stroke of genius.
Sadako watched the sun lowering in the west and became blind.
The western sky glowed with crimson.
The western sky glows crimson.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
Western thought is consistent.
Western countries are jumping on Japan for its stance on the issue.
Western nations have to put their heads together to strengthen the dollar.
Individuality is very important in the West.
In most Western countries, young people come of age at or 21.
Individuality is stressed in the Western world.
Many western customs have taken root in Japan.
Horseradish tastes good on roast beef sandwiches.
Some people claim that there are no more heroes in the Western world.
You must be careful when talking to a European.
When I speak to a Westerner, I have to shift mental gears, so to speak.
Some Westerners may think our houses are lacking in everything they consider essential.
Westerners, in general, prefer to avoid such topics unless the other person brings them up.
All he has going for him is his reliability.
Honesty seems to be rather at a discount.
Nothing is more important than sincerity.
Poverty with honesty is preferable to wealth obtained by unfair means.
It is my belief that sincerity will be rewarded in the end.
You can be dismissed for dishonesty.
Looking for somebody sincere, open-minded, thoughtful.
If only you work sincerely, you will be trusted.
I swear, John.
I never told anybody about it, I swear.
Upon my word I will do it.
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation.
I thought it strange that the petition had been turned down.
The bill added up to three thousand dollars.
Our records show that the invoice No.is still outstanding.
The bill came to over $25.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are essential for all male workers.
The blue sports car came to a screeching halt.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
Blend the blue paint with the yellow paint.
God appointed blue to be an everlasting source of delight.
The bluebird carries the sky on his back.
The warm sunlight is full upon the green wheat field.
The girl with blue eyes is Jane.
The green light is the "go" signal.
I was deceived by the blue sky and brought no umbrella.
Clouds were floating in the blue sky.
I go up to the rooftop when I want to see the blue sky.
The tower was seen clearly against the blue sky.
Paint the trees against the background of the blue sky.
Nothing was to be seen but the blue sky.
Be utterly dejected.
Mr Aoyama has a large family to support.
I regret having idled away my youth.
How long adolescence continues is determined by biological factors.
Adolescents often quarrel with their parents.
Do not idle away your youth or you will regret it later.
Juvenile delinquency is on the increase at a rapid pace.
Do you have any in blue?
Start off on the green light.
A green light is on.
Only cross the street on the green light.
Aomori is famous for its good apples.
The economy of Aomori Prefecture depends heavily on apple growing.
He was completely cleared of the charge against him.
Aota was not worthy of your trust.
Bronze is composed of copper and tin.
That's big talk for an upstart like you.
The first great lesson that a young man should learn is that he knows nothing.
As is often the case with young men, he is indifferent to money.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
The young man was disappointed in love.
Adolescence is viewed as time of transition.
It is said that adolescent friendships do not often last.
Make good friends and read good books in youth.
His perseverance and diligence in his youth have made him what he is today.
Moral and physical development are remarkable in the youth.
The rising generation always have some funny ideas.
His pale face showed a flush of excitement.
He was a dark figure with a pale face.
Soft music is often conducive to sleep.
The calm surface reflected her features like a mirror.
I would like to live in the quiet country.
It was a quiet night.
Be quiet. Don't talk in the theater.
Be quiet. The kids are asleep.
Be quiet. Don't talk in class.
You can stay if only you are quiet.
Be quiet and listen to me.
You may stay here if you like, so long as you keep quiet.
You may stay here as long as you keep quiet.
So long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
You must keep quiet.
Keep quiet.
Let's keep quiet.
Keep silent, or I will throw you out of here.
We are not here for fun and games.
I wish you would be quiet.
You may be here as long as you keep quiet.
Quiet down, please.
Keep quiet and behave well!
Why don't you be quiet?
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Do be quiet.
Do be quiet!
See to it that you keep quiet.
Please close the door quietly.
I wish that noise would stop. It gets on my nerves.
Please lie still on the bed.
It was raining quietly.
Let me do my work in peace.
I would tell you if you would just listen quietly.
Walk quietly, can't you?
Silence reigned in the forest.
Suddenly Nancy screamed in the midst of silence.
I hear there was an earthquake in Shizuoka.
It is ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
Is there any difference between the tea from Shizuoka and that from Uzi?
How large is the population of Shizuoka City?
Quietness is a great treasure.
Keep quiet!
What's the price per night including all charges?
Tax wise, it is an attractive arrangement.
Taxes consist of direct taxes and indirect ones.
There will be long lines at the Customs.
The customs officials examined the boxes.
Where is the Customs Service?
After getting through customs, I was free to go wherever I wanted.
Please fill out the Customs Declaration Form.
The amount of money the government earns in taxes determines the amount of money it can spend on welfare.
What kind of taxes are there?
He wished to keep the bank accounts separate for tax purposes.
Where should I pay the tax?
Taxation is based on income.
Please pay the tax.
We think that it's our duty to pay taxes.
It is the obligation of every worker to pay taxes.
That's including taxes.
The pressure for tax reform is growing.
The tax agent allowed the deduction.
Tax officials are zeroing in on income tax evasion.
We can do nothing but wait for a while until the seats are available.
Well, let me take it back and figure it out for you.
Where would you like to sit?
All the seats are occupied.
I'm afraid you've taken the wrong seat.
Can you make room for me?
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
All you have to do to secure a seat is to wait in line.
I'd like to change my seat.
I'd like to reserve a seat.
I half rose to my feet to leave my seat.
Once there lived a very wicked king in England.
Formerly this harbor was prosperous.
Once again she was lived in and taken care of.
In that country there once lived a wise king.
Once there lived an old man in the village.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
In olden times, football was popular in both Greece and Rome.
A long time ago, there was a young man.
In early times all books were copied by hand.
Once there lived an old woman on a small island.
I used to go to church on Sunday.
Once there lived a great king.
A long time ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Once there lived an old king in England.
Old habits die hard. This is particularly true of politics.
The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles.
It is the day of the traditional boys' festival.
There was a castle here many years ago.
There once lived a rich man in this town.
These customs used to prevail all over Japan.
Once there lived a naughty boy in this village.
There used to be a hotel about here.
There used to be a large cedar tree there.
There was a post office on this corner once.
There once lived an old man on that island.
I remember singing that song long ago.
She sat in the chair all day, thinking of past events.
I'm not as young as I was.
I wish I could get back the tone and nimbleness I once had.
Memories of the good old days came flooding back one after another.
Old school friends often try to keep in touch with one another.
By demolishing buildings of bygone times, we wipe out every trace of the past forever.
In the old days, every child could tell the difference between good and bad.
Memories of old times rushed back into my mind.
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun.
When I met my former teacher, he inquired after my parents.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
The old days have gone never to return.
I would love to see my old flame again.
In the past, the boys were taught to fend for themselves while still very young.
Formerly, a book was worth its weight in silver, if not in gold.
In former days people walked from Edo to Kyoto.
When I was a kid, touching bugs didn't bother me a bit. Now I can hardly stand looking at pictures of them.
He is not what he used to be.
In ancient times all the kings burdened the people with heavy taxes.
There used to be a tall tree near the temple.
There used to be a grocery store around the corner.
There used to be a large park here.
There used to be a police station in front of this bus stop.
There used to be a small castle on this hill.
Formerly this building was a hospital.
I used to swim in this river.
It is thought to have been much colder long ago.
There used to be a post office on the corner.
There used to be a castle on the hill.
In old times the slope was very lonely.
There used to be a castle on the top of the mountain.
I used to smoke a lot, but I have given up smoking now.
She used to be a very shy girl.
I've seen better days.
We used to talk over a cup of coffee.
I used to a lot.
I used to drink beer.
There used to be a coffee shop near the school.
There used to be an art museum in this neighborhood.
In early times, inventions were often stumbled upon by accident.
Young people used to look down on the rules of society.
There used to be no freedom of the press.
I used to get yelled at for hogging the phone.
There used to be a lot of fish in any river in Japan.
I used to go to church on Sundays.
I really miss the old days.
There used to be a statue of a lion at the gate.
Once upon a time, there was a pretty little house way out in the country.
Do you think we are better off than we used to be?
I used to keep a diary every day when I was young.
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.
In old times people didn't think that the earth is round.
Once upon a time, there lived in a village a little girl called Little Green Hood.
Once upon a time, there lived a pretty girl.
Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful princess.
Long, long ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man in a village.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man and his wife.
Long long ago, there lived a pretty girl.
Once upon a time, there lived a great king in Greece.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
Once upon a time, there lived a poor man and a rich woman.
In the early days people communicated by smoke signals.
Kill two birds with one stone.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
I can no more swim than a stone can.
The stone started ripples in the pond.
A stone hit him on the head.
The soap hurt my eyes.
Wash your hands with soap.
Soap helps remove the dirt.
I need some soap.
Rub briskly with soap, and the stain will soon wash off.
I will succeed at any cost.
She walked carefully so as not to stumble over a rock.
There was something written on the stone, and they tried to make out what it was.
What is written on the stone could not have been put there without reason.
The blocks of stone were jointed with cement.
Patience wins out in the end.
Be patient and persistent. These things take time.
A stone does not float.
A stone is dead matter.
Don't throw stones.
Who broke the windowpane with a stone?
The Stone Age ruins were discovered.
You cannot be too careful.
Look before you leap.
There's no soap.
Soap has the property of removing dirt.
The coal was glowing in the fire.
The coals are burning red.
The coal is burning.
Coal is chemically allied to diamonds.
Coal consists mostly of carbon.
Coal is not always black.
If we burn fuels such as coal, oil and gas, they give off various gases.
They substituted coal for oil.
We're running short of oil. We'd better ask the store to bring us more.
The oil ran through a thick pipe.
New forms of energy must be developed before oil dries up.
Supplies of oil are not infinite.
Our stock of oil is running out.
We should substitute alcohol for oil.
The price of oil is going up.
One quality of oil is that it floats on water.
The discovery of oil enriched the country.
The discovery of oil was a lucky accident.
Oil is of great use to us.
Oil is transported by tanker.
Oil may not last for another hundred years.
Petrol is no longer a cheap fuel.
The ecologist warned us that petroleum was not merely a blessing but also a curse.
The oil is discharged at Tokyo port.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of Japanese industry.
Oil has played an important part in the progress of civilization.
Can you spare me a few liters of petrol?
A ship which conveys oil is called an oil tanker.
The oil companies increased the price of gas again.
Products made from petroleum are vital to modern societies.
The lorry had to stop because its load had fallen off.
The shipment has reached us safely.
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over.
If you have a positive attitude, you are looking for ways to solve the problems that you can solve, and you are letting go of the things over which you have no control.
It is not you but he that is to blame.
It is I that am to blame.
The responsibility weighs on me.
It is you who are to blame.
It is I who am to blame.
You can't back out of your responsibilities.
Life has no meaning except in terms of responsibility.
The blame rests with the cook.
The responsibility was in large part mine.
The responsibility sat heavily on her.
Pass the buck.
Can I speak to the person in charge?
Don't try to pass the buck.
Please give me two more of the red carnations.
A red dress made her stand out.
The red dress became her.
There is a red rose in the vase.
A red rose means love.
Give me two red roses and three white ones.
He has red spots all over his body.
The red belt sets off her black dress.
Some are red and others are white.
Don't write in red ink.
Blend the red paint with the blue paint.
The red shoes clash with this green shirt.
As he slurped the red blood, he heard frenzied screams.
A red light is often used as a danger signal.
The red umbrella reminded her of her grandma.
A red dress looks good on her.
The red rose made a nice contrast to her white dress.
Any flower will do, so long as it is red.
Have you named your new born baby?
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.
The baby is crying for milk.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
See what the baby is doing!
The baby started to cry.
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.
As the baby was born, the Tanakas had to hire a part-timer.
I closed the window for fear that the baby should catch cold.
I walked softly for fear of waking the baby.
Please keep quiet, so you don't wake the baby up.
The baby appears hungry all the time.
The baby is fast asleep.
The baby is no bigger than this doll.
The baby is not bigger than this doll.
The baby kept quiet.
Why is the baby crying?
The baby is sleeping on the bed.
The baby can't walk yet.
The baby is still sleeping.
The baby cried herself to sleep.
Babies are interesting to watch.
The baby was crawling on all fours.
You may leave the baby with me for two days.
The baby has pretty little fingers.
The baby is sleeping.
The baby took another careful step.
The baby has been crying for a long time.
The baby takes after its father.
The baby crept into the room.
The baby has gotten rid of its cold.
The baby walked supported by his mother.
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.
The baby began to cry like anything.
Has the baby woken up?
The baby was in his birthday suit.
Bathe the baby, won't you?
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
You shouldn't leave the baby alone.
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby.
She sat still for fear of waking the baby.
It's dangerous to expose babies to strong sunlight.
I rocked the baby in my arms.
I need red and black markers or felt-tip pens. Do you have any?
Red and blue paint mixed together give us purple.
Red contrasts well with blue.
Red shows up well against a white background.
Would you like red wine or white wine?
Red wine goes well with meat.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
The baby has taken to him.
See to it that the baby does not go near the stove.
The baby was crying in bed.
The baby clamored to be fed.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby is crying.
The baby smiled at me.
A baby comes to chew foods.
The baby is asleep. Don't make a noise.
The baby tangled the ball of yarn.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
I was bothered by the baby's crying.
Little babies' cheeks feel like velvet.
Whereas he was weak as a baby, he is now very strong.
The baby's age is now two years.
They spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
Babies cry when they are hungry.
The baby was shaking the rattle.
The baby went to sleep at once.
My baby can't talk yet. He just cries.
The baby is not capable of walking yet.
Hold the baby gently.
Babies often fall down.
The baby was quiet all night.
The baby screamed all night.
The baby lies sleeping.
The baby nestled in his mother's arms.
The baby stopped crying.
The baby ceased crying.
The baby opened his mouth.
The baby is now at the stage of talking.
The baby is crying because it is hungry now.
The baby crawled on hands and knees.
A baby is incapable of taking care of itself.
Babies want plenty of sleep.
The baby must be taken good care of.
A baby has delicate skin.
The baby held out his tiny hand.
The baby has fallen asleep.
The baby appeared to be sleeping quietly.
A baby does not know good or evil.
A baby has no moral compass.
The baby was named Peter after his grandfather.
The baby was kicking and screaming.
The baby is not old enough to be capable of hostile laughter.
The baby was amusing itself with the cat's tail.
The baby is too short to get at the drawer.
Her baby was a great blessing to her.
The baby can't walk, much less run.
Babies crawl before they walk.
The baby smiled at the sight of its mother.
The baby wants its mother.
A baby craves its mother's milk.
The baby seems to be asleep.
The baby arrived near dawn.
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby was sleeping in the cradle.
Let's talk quietly in order not to wake the baby.
She came in quietly so as not to wake the baby.
I have to put the baby to bed.
Put the baby to sleep.
I dandled the baby on my knee.
The woman with a baby in her arms arrived here just now.
Every student trusts Mr Akai because he never breaks his word.
Have you got a red pencil?
Circle in red pencil.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
A red ball is mixed in with the white ones.
What a princess I'd feel like if I were able to go to Akasaka, have a wonderful meal and stay at a hotel.
That's as easy as taking cake from a baby.
The loss reached three million yen.
A budget deficit will occur because of a revenue shortfall.
A budget deficit must be financed somehow.
The deficit has been diminishing little by little.
Eliminating the deficit will be a hard nut to crack.
The Red Cross gets help to disaster victims without delay.
The Red Cross distributed food to the refugees.
The Red Cross dispensed food and medical supplies to the victims.
The Red Cross supplied the hospital with blood.
Do you have any in red?
Red is out of fashion.
The light changed from red to green.
Did you stop at the red light?
It's dangerous for you to cross the street when the light is red.
The policeman told us not to cross the street against the red light.
The red traffic light indicates "stop".
When everybody's crossing on a red, it's not so scary.
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
The tropical rainforests, located in a narrow region near the equator, are disappearing so fast that by the year eighty percent of them may be gone.
A red and spotted white towel, please.
When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out the window.
Akagi sprained an ankle during practice so before the game he taped it up until it was stiff as a board.
Hold the line, please.
Don't hang up!
Keep that ace up your sleeve. If you're going to show it, have another even further up.
Blood poured from the cut vein.
The cloth was torn to shreds.
Sign across the stamp.
Where can I buy stamps?
Where do I get stamps?
You can buy stamps at any post office.
I lost interest in collecting stamps.
You must not travel on the train without a ticket.
I'll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
The number of tickets was limited.
Tickets will be allotted in order of application.
The tickets are 1,yen each.
All the tickets are sold out.
The tickets were sold out in a moment.
Where can I get a ticket?
How long is the ticket good for?
The ticket will cost not less than 1,yen.
I think I've lost my ticket.
Please get me a ticket.
Please show your ticket.
May I have a look at your ticket?
Get me a ticket, please.
You have only to push the button to get a ticket.
When applying for tickets, please give alternative dates.
Ticket, please.
You'll have to wait not less than an hour to get a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy my ticket.
Keep an eye on my bag while I buy a ticket.
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I get my ticket.
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
You have to buy one at the office.
Where's the ticket booth?
Where is the ticket office?
It was really close.
It looks like it's going to be anybody's race.
The entertainment expense was borne by our group.
Please drop in at my house when you have a moment.
I'm all thumbs when it comes to origami, or paper folding.
May I ask a very special favor of you?
I want to ask you a big favor.
Please reply by return.
We look forward to receiving your quote by return mail.
Please send the merchandise by return.
I'll tell him to call you back.
Better bend than break.
Her fingers were too weak to fold it.
I'm sorry that I wasn't home when you so kindly dropped by.
The stated price does not include labor charges.
He was caught in the act of stealing.
A gang of thieves broke into the bank.
Temperance is the best physic.
Practice thrift!
To preach is easier than to practice.
There is no reasoning.
We tried to persuade him.
I'm none the wiser for his explanation.
Please explain it.
Would you like me to explain it?
There was no time left for explanation.
I checked every part according to the instruction book, but it did not run.
The snow lay one and a half meters deep.
It snowed for ten consecutive days.
It was snowing thick and fast.
Much snow has fallen.
We have had a lot of snow and I am very happy.
The snow has just come on.
Snow has begun to melt.
If it were not for the snow, we could climb the mountain.
Snow covered the bus.
The snow is falling fast.
Snow is falling.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
It snowed for days on end.
The snow was melting and stuck to my skis.
When the snow melts it flows into the river.
It has been snowing on and off.
Though it was snowing, it wasn't very cold outside.
Although it is snowing, I must go.
Snow is falling thick and fast.
It looks like snow.
It was beginning to snow.
It began to snow.
It may snow.
The snow lay deep.
It is false to say that snow is blue.
Snow lies thick on the ground.
The snow was brilliant in the morning sun.
The snow banked up against the wall.
As long as it doesn't snow!
Who built the snowman?
Barring snow, father will come home.
The snow kept us from going out.
The mountain whose top is covered with snow is Mt. Fuji.
Look at the mountains covered with snow.
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
Some snow-covered mountains were seen in the distance.
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
You must take your sweater in case it snows.
The snow caused me to miss the train.
The snow compelled us to put off our departure.
The storm prevented me from attending the farewell party in honor of Mr Suzuki.
Owing to the snow, the train was delayed.
The snow prevented us from arriving on time.
The snow prevented me from going there.
School was closed for the day due to the snow.
The school was closed due to the snow.
The snow prevented me from going out.
The snow prevented his going out.
The snow prevented the airplane from taking off.
The snow prevented the train from running.
It is white as snow.
The game was delayed on account of snow.
We get together in the hut and eat and drink.
As the weather was snowy, we went skiing.
The house collapsed under the weight of snow.
They live on the snow and ice of the Poles and in tropical jungles.
Against the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
I waited for the bus in the snow as long as two hours.
I got lost in the snow.
His steps were clearly marked in the snow.
The snow lasted four days.
The snow melted away in a day.
It kept snowing all day.
Snow fell two meters deep.
Snow lay all over the ground.
The snow will soon disappear.
The snow has disappeared in less than no time.
Has the snow stopped yet?
The snow is melted.
The snow has melted away.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
The snow keeps the young plants snug and warm.
The snow has disappeared.
Snow indicates the coming of winter.
The snow was knee deep.
By tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a week.
We see a snow-capped mountain.
Snow reminds me of my hometown.
We have to clear the snow from the roof.
It's a snowy day.
The abominable snowman is a Himalayan monster.
If you whip the steering wheel around like that on a snowy road, the car is going to go into a slide.
A snowslide obstructed the road.
The continual noise deafened us.
It's going to take crackerjack timing, but if we can work the play, we'll win the game.
The opportunity was grasped at immediately.
I missed a golden opportunity.
The weather couldn't have been better.
There was nothing for it but to go without food.
Absolutely not. It's too cold today.
I'm absolutely sure!
I can't sell it for love or money.
I swear I will never do such a thing.
Over my dead body.
I'm not absolutely sure.
Don't lose your cool.
It is essential that you should finish the work by this evening.
Never play on the road.
I wouldn't take his job for the world.
I'm determined never to give way to temptation.
You should have absolute rest.
There is no doubt.
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
No way.
He rallied from despair.
Don't give up your work in despair.
A fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life.
Extinction is part of evolution.
No sooner is one lie out of your mouth than you're telling yet another.
A tongue is the most venomous thing of all.
Put out your tongue, please.
Let me see your tongue.
In Sendai we have much rain in July.
Change trains at Sendai Station for Tokyo.
The train bound for Sendai has just left.
We recently discovered an error in your personnel record.
We wanted to explain the recent service failure.
The first thing to do is just to get a nice outfit for it.
I'll turn off the fire first, and run to a safe place.
We'll go to Hong Kong first, and then we'll go to Singapore.
Last I met him, he was very well.
That's cheating to start running before everyone else.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up with you soon.
Go ahead. I'll catch up with you in ten minutes.
Do your homework first of all.
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.
You walk on and I'll catch up with you later.
You never can tell what'll happen in the future.
There must have been an accident up ahead.
Listen to some more from the scene.
I was really nervous to see how they dealt with each other just now. I guess things were touch-and-go between them.
There was a mad rush toward the exit.
I had an easy delivery last time.
Last time I had a breech delivery.
Last time it was a natural childbirth.
Last time I couldn't carry my baby to full term.
I had a difficult delivery last time.
The pioneers have overcome a series of obstacles.
Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.
Three new stamps were issued last month.
I just started learning flower arrangement last month, so I'm still a beginner.
The goods ordered from England last month have not arrived yet.
I had the flu last month.
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
I haven't been feeling like myself since last month.
Last month, they had to lay off several hundred employees in the factory.
There were more births than deaths in the town last month.
The average temperature in Oxford last month was 18C.
The proportion of sunny days to rainy days last month was to 1.
We didn't have much rain last month.
We had a lot of rain last month.
It was a very busy month last month.
We had little rain last month.
It was very cold last month.
We had uncertain weather last month.
Our grocery bill soared last month because of higher vegetable prices.
Last month they had a lot of rain in France.
The boss caught me napping today when he asked me about that XYZ project we worked on last month.
A burglar broke into the convenience store last month, but I heard the police caught him yesterday.
I heard from him last month.
Last month he had his house painted white.
I forgot that I met her last month.
I wrote to her last month.
I had a bladder infection last month.
A man of vision will make good in the end.
I saw Michel last week. He'd been sick for a week.
A terrible thing happened last week.
My wife had a baby last week.
I read few books last week.
I read a few books last week.
We gave a ball last week.
Didn't I give you 10,yen a week ago?
Last week five students were absent from class.
I've been meditating on what you said last week.
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
The promise I made to you last week still holds true.
I am glad to have helped you last week.
I wrote to Mr Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
There's been a constant stream of complaint calls since last week.
Father complains of having been busy since last week.
I bought it last week.
Last week the powerful Keidanren called on Tokyo to lift the ban.
There were some three thousand people who took part in the strike last week.
Do you know how many people turned up at the dance last week?
On last week's English test, my score was worse than hers.
Last week's meeting was the longest we have had this year.
It has been fine since last Friday.
We had the meeting in this room last Friday.
We had flooding because of last week's heavy rains.
It has been raining since last Monday.
I visited him this day last week.
I saw an exciting baseball game last Saturday.
Not a few students came to the concert last Saturday.
Were you at the theater last Saturday?
It has been raining since last Saturday.
I went shopping last Saturday.
When I met Hanako last Sunday, she said she had returned three days before.
It has been raining since last Sunday.
I remembered riding home in a pickup truck last Sunday.
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
What did you do last Sunday?
It has been raining since last Thursday.
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
I was very busy last week.
Last week I gained another five pounds.
Up to last week, I hadn't received a reply.
I took a day off last week.
Who was absent from school last week?
The other day I met Meg in Kyoto.
Let's resume reading where we left off last week.
We visited the museum last week.
The eel I caught last week is still alive.
I had him paint the gate last week.
I met his sister last week.
We took an examination in math last week.
I still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week.
He won the prize this day week.
He was sick last week.
Last week, I mailed him some souvenirs from the U.S.
I had to write a paper on the Space Age last weekend.
The leaders of seven industrial democracies will meet in Okinawa in 2000.
The countries should aid the countries much more.
Advanced countries must give aid to developing countries.
While the birth rate is intended to be decreased in developing countries, that of developed nations is selfishly planned to be increased, resulting in the difficulty of getting mutual consent.
The first blow is half the battle.
Rabbi, you are the Son of God; you are the King of Israel.
Thank you, Doctor.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
Thank you very much, doctor.
Sir, do we have to write in ink?
Rabbi, that man who was with you on the other side of the Jordan - the one you testified about - well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
I won't ever talk in class again.
I have a stomachache, doctor.
Doctor, cure me.
Do I have to bring my son to your office, Doctor?
Professor, what do you think of the situation in the Middle East?
Rabbi, we know you are a teacher who has come from God.
Here comes our teacher.
I recognized the teacher at once, because I had met him before.
The teacher will illustrate how to do it.
The teacher interpreted the sentence for us.
The teacher cannot have said such a thing.
The teacher had a bad cold.
Not all teachers behave like that.
The teacher is coming along.
While the teacher was teaching, the students slept.
My teacher put in a good word for me.
Everyone was silent as the teacher was announcing the results of the examination.
Our teacher had hardly finished the class when the bell rang.
A teacher is sitting among the pupils.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
When the teacher started shouting, they dropped what they were doing and ran out.
The teacher intervened in the quarrel between the two students.
They carried on talking even after the teacher came in.
Stop talking when the teacher comes in.
She stood up when her teacher came in.
Hardly had the teacher entered the room when we stopped chatting.
There comes our teacher.
There comes our teacher. He is walking very slowly.
The teachers could not decide where to build the new schoolhouse.
The teachers were divided on the issue.
The teachers assembled their classes in the gymnasium.
Even the teacher could not solve the problem.
Even a teacher can make mistakes.
He is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
There are teachers and then there are teachers.
The teacher and I sat face to face.
Can I speak to the doctor?
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.
Tell the teacher your name.
Did you inform your teacher of this?
Ask your teacher where to place the accent.
To the professor, she was a joy to teach.
Now I am a teacher, I think otherwise.
I will tell the teacher all about it.
There are teachers and teachers.
Please remember me to your teacher.
After I had handed in my report to the teacher, I had to start writing another.
When the teacher called on me all of a sudden I got confused and kept stumbling as I spoke.
I gave an answer that was way out in left field when the teacher caught me off-guard and called on me.
Can the doctor see me this week?
Let's have our composition corrected by the teacher.
Why don't you ask your teacher for advice?
Why do you not ask your teacher for advice?
I couldn't care less if the teacher is mad at me.
Let's ask the teacher.
You must pay attention to the teacher.
I wish I could speak English the way my teacher does.
You must pay attention to what your teacher says.
I don't understand what the teacher said.
Attend to what your teacher says.
My teacher's word often come back to me.
The teacher's words put Mary in a cold sweat.
He was confounded at the sight of the teacher.
You had better yield to your teacher's advice.
We couldn't help laughing at the teacher's joke.
You should act on your teacher's advice.
In spite of the teacher's warning, the lazy boy comes late as often as not.
I found out about a back-door registration technique from his secretary.
The teacher's name was Mr Grey.
According to our teacher, she entered the hospital.
The teacher's talk stimulates Mary to study harder.
The teacher asked me how the moon differs from the earth.
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
Our teacher made us clean the room.
The teacher, waving his hand, called to me.
The teacher told his pupils not to forget that lesson.
The teacher will call us when he's ready.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100C.
The teacher went on talking for two hours.
I guess our teacher is over fifty years old.
The teacher pointed out your mistakes.
The teacher spoke too fast for us to understand.
The teacher sat on the chair.
Our teacher showed us different kinds of flowers and told us in passing that those flowers came from her garden.
It seems the teacher was disappointed.
The teacher scolded her class for being noisy.
The teacher read a passage from the Bible to the class.
The teacher stood before the class.
The teacher controls the class, usually standing in front of the students and lecturing to them during the lesson.
I wonder if the teacher works here.
The teacher lulled us into thinking that we had won.
The teacher said that we must memorize these idioms.
The teacher told us that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
The teacher gave John a prize.
The teacher was immediately at work correcting that day's test.
Our teacher lives close by.
The teacher told us that over and over again.
The teacher reminded us to study hard for the test.
The teacher was far from satisfied with the result.
The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.
The teacher interpreted the passage of the poem.
The teacher praised the boy for his honesty.
The teacher permitted the boy to go home.
The teacher pointed out the pupil's mistakes.
The teacher took notice of the student's mistake.
The teacher was impatient with the idle fellow.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
My teacher warned me not to do it again.
The teacher distributed the leaflets.
My teacher told me to turn in my paper as soon as possible.
The teacher handed out the tests.
The teacher singled out Tanaka for praise.
The teacher asked me which book I liked.
The teacher praised me for working very hard.
The teacher concluded that Tom would pass the exam.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absences from class.
The teacher talked on and on.
The teacher stressed the importance of taking notes.
The teacher dismissed his class when the bell rang.
The teacher gave out the test papers after the bell rang.
The teacher, not having heard the bell, didn't stop talking.
The teacher got quite well again.
The teacher got well again.
The teacher told Mary to hold her tongue.
Our teacher ran through the important points again.
The teacher is busy looking over our tests.
The teacher punished her students for using bad words.
The teachers teach all day long.
The teacher may say nothing, grading the students on how much they participate, what they add to the discussion, and their leadership of it.
Our teacher told us to go out into the ground at once.
The teacher was very fair when she marked our exams.
The teacher illustrated his theory with pictures.
The teacher ran up the stairs.
The teacher caught a student cheating in the exam.
The teacher was surrounded by her students.
The teacher criticized his students' compositions.
The teacher tried to interest the students in current events.
The teacher encouraged the students with praise.
The teacher looked around the classroom and started to talk.
The teacher ordered the classroom to be cleaned.
Our teacher seemed surprised.
The teacher wore a harsh expression on his face.
The teacher wrote French words on the blackboard.
The teacher wrote English sentences on the blackboard.
The teacher pointed to the blackboard.
The doctor is not available now.
The teacher finished today's lesson.
The teacher quizzed his pupils on English.
Our teacher will give us difficult problems.
Teachers help to form the minds of children.
The teacher told the kids to be quiet.
The teacher took part in the children's games.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
The teacher assuaged some work to every child.
The teacher tried to accustom the children to school.
The teacher corrected the composition that I had prepared.
The teacher allowed me to leave school early.
The teacher didn't permit me to leave early.
The teacher let me off for being late.
The teacher was quite candid about my chances of entering Tokyo University.
My teacher encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
The teacher told us to stop chattering.
The teacher recommended this dictionary to us.
The teacher showed us how to use a computer.
The teacher made us repeat the word.
The teacher gave us a lot of homework.
Our teacher urged us to study harder.
Our teacher told us what to read.
Our teacher told us that we should do our best.
The teacher gave us homework.
The teacher admonished us that we should be silent.
The teacher told us to be quiet.
The teacher tells us to clean our classroom every day.
The teacher assented to our plan.
The teacher corrects our exercises.
The teacher mixed up our names.
Our teacher called our names in turn.
Our teacher separated us into two groups.
It seems that the teacher mistook me for my older brother.
The teacher asked me if I was ready, adding that everybody was waiting for me at the school gate.
The teacher told me to stand up.
The teacher said to me, "Get out!"
The teacher insisted that I should study in college.
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.
My teacher told me to read as much as I could.
The teacher told me to study harder.
The teacher allotted the longest chapter to me.
The teacher began to shoot questions at me.
The teacher warned me not to be late for school.
The teacher asked me a difficult question.
The teacher encouraged me to study abroad.
My teacher wrote a recommendation for me.
The teacher pointed out several mistakes in my English composition.
My teacher drove me home.
My teacher looked over my composition.
The teacher has three times as many books as I do.
The teacher compared my poem with one of his.
The teacher excused me from the examination.
The teacher gave me full marks for math.
The teacher listened attentively to my explanation.
The teacher was disappointed at my answer.
The teacher patted me on the back.
The teacher noted several mistakes in my recitation.
My teacher had me standing in the classroom.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to go with her.
The teacher taught us that we should always do our best.
Our teacher told us when to start.
Our teacher had us learn the poem by heart.
Our teacher has often told us not to idle away our time.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
Our teacher said to us, "Don't leave the room."
Our teacher advanced the date of the exam.
Our teacher dwelt on the importance of punctuality.
The teacher wrote his name on the blackboard.
Our teacher called the roll at the beginning of the class.
The teacher caught the student sleeping in class.
The teacher called the roll.
The teacher called the roll in class.
The teacher let the boy go home.
The teacher explained the new lesson at length to the students.
Our teacher likes his new car.
The teacher found a pupil cheating in the examination.
The teacher made the students learn the long English poem by heart.
The teacher told the pupils to put those words down in their notebooks.
The teacher distributed the handouts to the students.
The teacher urged the students to answer more clearly.
The teacher admonished his pupils for carelessness.
The teacher gathered his students around him.
The teacher amused the pupils.
The teacher asked the students to practice the dialogue in pairs.
The teacher acknowledged the pupil with a smile.
A teacher must be fair with his students.
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
The teacher didn't let the students ask any questions.
The teacher put on a crown of flowers which was made by her pupils.
The teacher called each student by name.
The teacher scolded the student for no reason.
Teachers should deal fairly with their pupils.
The teacher wrote a short comment on each student's paper.
The teacher treated all the students fairly.
The teacher did not permit the students to leave the lecture hall.
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.
The teacher declined to let the lazy boy attend his class.
The teacher said that World War II broke out in 1939.
The teacher taught them that the earth is round.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
He gently took the paper out of her hands and said, "It's time to rest."
Our teacher seemed angry.
The teacher looked over the papers.
The teacher is busy marking papers.
The teacher looked over the exam papers.
The teacher is busy looking over the examination papers.
The teacher put a short comment on each paper.
The teacher collected the papers.
The teacher particularly emphasized that point.
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
The teacher opened the box and took out a ball.
His teacher gave it to him straight for breaking the chair.
The teacher permitted him to go home.
The teacher told him to rewrite his essay.
The teacher told him to study English hard.
The teacher allowed him to go home.
A teacher was advised to him.
The teacher pushed him for an answer.
The teacher approved his plan.
The teacher was surprised at the extent of his knowledge.
The teacher has marked his name absent.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
The teacher let him go home.
The teacher made him stay after school.
The teacher blamed her for the mistake.
The teacher gave her much information about the university.
The teacher didn't do her justice.
Her teacher praised her.
The teacher asked me to read my paper in front of the class.
My teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page of the book.
The teacher stressed the importance of daily practice.
The teacher didn't mind explaining the problem again.
The teacher distributed the question papers.
Their teacher got them together at the gate.
His teacher should be strict with him.
Hinata criticized her teacher unfairly and the teacher became sick.
It's about my husband, doctor; he sleeps badly.
The teachers debated the problem with the parents.
Your teachers always speak well of your work.
Please line up in order of arrival.
The first batter up got a base hit.
Forgive me for interrupting you the other day.
You must have been surprised to meet me in such a place the other day.
The other day, something horrible happened in the busy square.
I grabbed as much SIMM as possible in the computer shop the other day. Say what you like, it was more than just enthusiasm.
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time.
The other day we went to ask after his brother.
The other day I saw an old friend of mine.
The other day I visited the museum.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
He visited her house the other day.
The other day, I got a call from her.
She came to see me the other day.
The other day I came across a book that you might like.
Have you finished reading the book I lent you the other day?
I bought a camera the other day.
I want to apologize for the other day.
At the party the other night, my brother drank a bit too much and passed out.
Thank you for all your help the other day.
Forgive me for interrupting the other day.
Thank you for the other day.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
The other day, I met him in Kyoto.
I met again the girl who I had met in the park the other day.
I met the girl in the park the other day, and I saw her again.
He had three-day measles the other day.
The other day I saw the girl.
I ran across an ex-boyfriend of mine in town the other day.
I met him on the street the other day.
The other day we had a telephone call from a man whose wife was going to have a baby.
I bought a watch the other day. It keeps good time.
Have you found the umbrella which you said you had lost the other day?
The other day I attended a class reunion of my elementary school.
I bumped into an old friend for the first time in ten years on the Shinkansen the other day.
I should like to introduce to you the gentleman I spoke of the other day.
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
I met my teacher on the street the other day.
I want you to return the book I lent you the other day.
What he told us the other day simply doesn't make sense, does it?
I met him the other day.
I received her letter the other day.
When I met her the other day she asked of my parents.
She asked after my parents' health when I met her the other day.
The other day her mother passed away in the hospital.
She went to the cinema the other day.
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.
He had a roundworm in his stool the other day.
Your party doesn't answer.
Your party is on the line.
What's the number of the party you are trying to reach?
And the name of the person you're calling, please?
I regret that a previous engagement prevents me from accepting your kind invitation.
If you add one hundred to one thousand, you get eleven hundred.
Can you break a yen bill?
It was not until Chikako left me that I realized how much I loved her.
There were toward a thousand people.
As many as a thousand people were there.
Cut into long thin strips.
Chiyonofuji carried all before him.
Kanako commutes from Chiba to Tokyo.
A fortune-teller read my hand.
You can say that the circumstances were thus in the period leading up to the declaration of war.
The reason for declaring war is not certain.
The advertising campaign generated a lot of business for the company.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
Scott, prepare the advertising budget right now!
The tyrant kept the people down.
Under the reign of tyranny, innocent people were deprived of their citizenship.
Our managing director is incompatible with the president.
I was delighted to hear of your promotion to Senior Managing Director.
Specialized libraries collect writings about art.
The expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
As may be expected of an expert, he's well versed in the field.
Even specialists do not understand this incredible accident.
According to an expert, neither mountaineering nor skiing is dangerous.
A panel of experts discussed the plan.
Experts put a high valuation on the painting.
The expert appraised the watch at $200.
Written in technical terms, this book is very difficult to understand.
It's really fast with a dedicated line.
A river divides the town.
The river is running dry.
The river runs through the town.
The river flowed over its banks.
The river flooded a large area.
I got soaked boating down river.
The man swimming in the river is my friend.
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
Did you catch any fish in the river?
There is a village between the river and the hill.
A mist hung over the river.
There was no water in the river.
Walk along the river and you will find the school.
A bridge was built across the river.
They're constructing a bridge over the river.
Let's go and swim in the river.
Don't throw a stone into the river.
Bear south until you reach the river.
As he was about to fall into the river, he took hold of the tree.
The water is deep in this part of the river.
The river was shallow at that point.
We set up the tent next to the river.
We saw a dim light beyond the river.
Swim across to the other side of the river.
A vast plain extends beyond the river.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
The place where a river starts is its source.
The river is five feet deep.
The water of the river was very clear.
A bank was built to keep back the water of the river.
The level of the river rose little by little.
The river is very low.
The river bends slightly to the right here.
The river is shallow here. We can walk across.
The river meets another below this bridge.
The river is widest at this point.
The river is deep here.
The river is no longer as clean as it used to be.
The river flows into the lake.
The river descends from the mountains to the bay below.
The river rose by degrees.
The river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The river branches three kilometers below the town.
The river supplies cities and villages with water.
The river was cloudy with silt.
Just because a river is beautiful doesn't mean that it is precious.
The riverside bristles with factory chimneys.
May I go to the river?
He went fishing in the river.
It is very important for us to love a river.
They were out of breath after swimming across the river.
I attempted to swim across the river.
There is a beautiful walk along the river.
He said, "Let's take a walk along the river."
Several men are fishing from the riverbank.
There are a lot of factories in Kawasaki.
The stream becomes shallower as you move upriver.
As the river become broader, the current moved slowly.
The river suddenly narrows at this point.
Battle's never proven peace.
We will win the day.
The war went against the country.
The battle ended in a triumph for the Romans.
The battle is not always to the strong.
The fight is over.
War arouses the animal in man.
It took many torpedo hits to send the battleship Bismarck to Davy Jones's locker.
The war is going in our favor.
The war situation was desperate.
After the war, the diligence and the saving of the Japanese gave an impression which is strong in the American.
The postwar has experienced several long periods of continuous strong prosperity, among which are the Jinmu Boom and the Iwato boom.
Fewer people have come to wear hats after the war.
Shortly after the war my father bought a new house, in which I was born.
After the war most of the highways were in urgent need of repair.
Many foreign customs were introduced into Japan after the war.
A great change has come about after the war.
After the war, the idea of democracy spread throughout Japan.
Since the war, Japan has advanced greatly in science and technology.
Happening in wartime, this would amount to disaster.
During the war, he served in the army.
During the war, we often had to make do without sugar.
The government rationed meat during the war.
Tanks and planes may defeat the troops but they cannot conquer the people.
Why don't you try a different tack?
Ceremonies were held to celebrate victories.
The victorious country dictated the terms of peace to the defeated country.
The battlefield was full of the dead and the dying.
I went to Europe before the war.
There is no telling when the war will end.
The war diminished the wealth of the country.
I hope the time will soon come when there would be no more war.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
I hope war doesn't break out.
May there be no war!
There's a possibility of war.
It is hoped that the war will end before long.
War bankrupted the nation's resources and manpower.
We had lived there for ten years when the war broke out.
She had to part with her family when the war began.
He had heard that war had started, but it didn't sink in for a long time until his father was drafted into the army.
It was after four years that the war came to an end.
The year the war ended, I was born.
War suddenly broke out.
How old were you when the war broke out?
Make love, not war.
The war wasted the country.
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
The war brought their research to an end.
War compelled soldiers to go to the front.
There is a threat of war.
When it comes to war, they are as brave as anyone.
The accompaniments of the war are misery and sorrow.
Misery and sorrow accompany war.
Have you heard the latest news about the war?
The infantry soldier is only a pawn in the game of war.
The time may come when we will have no war.
The day will come when there will be no war.
Bonds were issued to finance a war.
It is our ardent hope that the war will end soon.
Their plans blew up when the war broke out.
The war broke out in 1939.
War broke out in 1939.
The war ended in 1945.
The war brought about death and destruction in the city.
The war brought ruin to the country.
The war made the country poor.
War must be avoided at all costs.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
The war is still going on.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
War results only in senseless and violent destruction.
We must avoid war by all possible means.
War concerns us all.
War causes terrible miseries.
The war had entered its final stage.
War has taken away our happiness and replaced it with horror.
Wars bring scars.
War is destruction of human life.
They were unanimous that the war should be brought to a halt.
War is not inevitable.
War necessarily causes unhappiness.
The war ushered in a period of shortages and deprivation.
War has produced famine throughout history.
The war ended in victory for the Allied Powers.
Nothing is worse than war.
What do you think of war?
Shelters have been built in fear of war.
What is the best way to put an end to the war?
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.
After the war, Britain had many colonies.
During the war, people went through many hardships.
Prices were strictly regulated during the war.
During the war, we had to do without sugar.
We had many bitter experiences during the war.
We had terrible times during the war.
Many families had lost their savings during the war and had nothing to fall back on.
Many atrocities were committed during the war.
He went through many horrible days in the war.
During the war, America tried to stop trading with England.
After the battle they delivered the town to the enemy.
He was wounded in the fight.
Combat soldiers during peaceful moments like to reminisce of their halcyon days.
The battle robot JA went berserk.
The fighter has taken off for a state of emergency.
Peace-keeping troops moved in to restore calm after the battle.
I want the fan.
The fountain sends hot water to a height of feet.
I may not have much to offer in the way of learning or ability, but I want to do whatever I can for us all and humbly ask for your favor.
Mt. Asama is now dormant.
Mt. Asama is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
There are many foreign tourists in Asakusa.
Ms. Asada was appointed chairperson.
Go and help wash up, will you?
It needs washing.
If you wash it, your car will shine in the sun.
Even if you wash it, the color won't come out.
Help me with the wash.
Do you have a laundry service?
Can I use the laundry any time?
Washing clothes is my work.
The washing machine facilitates my housework.
Washing machines spare housewives a lot of trouble.
Tell me how to use the washing machine.
Something is wrong with the washing machine.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
The laundry room is in the basement.
Looking at the pile of laundry, I sighed.
Would you please sort out all the white clothes from the wash?
The washing is still damp.
Has the wash come back yet?
Is my laundry ready?
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
Please bring in the washing.
Bring the laundry in.
Would you like it washed?
I'd like to make an appointment for a shampoo and a set.
The water in the basin has frozen solid.
The towels are dirty.
When the sign on the door of a rest room says OCCUPIED, it means someone is using it.
When I unplugged the bathroom sink, the water gushed down the drain.
What are the marks that distinguish the cultured man?
There is no wool so white that a dyer can't make it black.
He is the only man I know who can dive but not swim.
The submarine sank, never to rise again.
The divers can gather pearls with no danger.
Please step back and keep behind the line.
The train was derailed by a piece of iron on the track.
Circumstances surrounding the textile industry have changed.
Mr Masuzoe always has lots of books with him.
The ship was afloat at last.
The ship went up in flames.
The ship soon came into view.
When the ship arrives in port it makes the people unsettled.
The ship gradually came in sight.
The ship appeared on the horizon.
The boats collided head on.
The ship is sinking.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones's locker.
The ship turned upside down and many passengers were thrown into the sea.
She was waiting at the quay as the ship came in.
The ship rode over the waves.
You had better have gone by ship.
I'd like to sail around the world.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun, isn't it?
Traveling by ship gives us great pleasure.
Traveling by boat takes longer than going by car.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun.
It is dull to travel by ship.
The ship had three decks.
Being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
The ship vanished over the horizon.
The course of the ship was straight east.
The ship loaded in two days.
The ship is sailing at three.
The ship dropped anchor.
I believe the ship will arrive on schedule.
The ship took on additional passengers.
The ship approached the shore by degrees.
The ship went through the Suez Canal.
The ship was soon out of sight.
Ships can't rival aircraft for speed.
The ship was unloaded at the port.
The ship sailed up the Thames.
The boat was rolling down the river.
The ship discharged its cargo in Panama.
The ship went through the Panama Canal.
The ship set sail for Bombay.
The ship was on the point of arriving at her destination.
The ship is bearing due north.
A ship was out of sight soon.
The ship at length reached the home port.
The ship was wrecked on a sunken reef.
The ship touched at Yokohama.
The ship is now in dock for a refit.
The ship sailed along the coast.
The ship sank to the bottom of the sea.
The ship was abreast of the shore.
The boat moved slowly away from the quay.
The ship was wrecked on the rocks.
The ship swayed in the strong wind.
The ship scudded before a heavy gale.
The boat passed under the bridge.
The ship will arrive by five o'clock.
The ships reached port.
The ships left the port never to be seen again.
The ship was at sea.
The ship was ready to sink any time.
The ship is arriving in San Francisco this evening.
The ship will cross the equator tonight.
The ship sailed along the coast of Shikoku.
The ship went off.
The ship set sail only to be wrecked two days after.
Ships carry lifeboats so that the crew can escape.
The ship sank with all her crew on board.
The ship cast anchor at Kobe.
The ship changed its course.
The ship sailed down the channel.
The ship is sailing to the west.
The ship sailed down the river.
Down under the sea went the ship with all her crew.
The ship was sailing at full speed.
The ship made for the Pacific Ocean.
The ship performed well in the heavy storm.
The ship left ahead of time.
The boat sank to the bottom.
The ship wound in and out among the islands.
The steamer wound in and out among the islands.
The ship is at the mercy of the waves.
The boat plowed the waves.
The ship cut her way through the waves.
The ship was locked in ice.
The ship was at the mercy of the wind and the waves.
The ship struck northward.
The boat sailed around the promontory.
The ship reached its destination in safety.
The boat was swallowed up in the fog.
The ship is arriving in harbor tomorrow morning.
The ship is about to sail for Manila tomorrow.
The ship proceeded to her destination.
The ship arrived at the port on schedule.
The ship rolled from side to side in the storm.
Ships and helicopters left for the spacemen's rescue.
Sailing a boat makes us happy.
Abandon ship!
The sailors were at the mercy of the weather.
All the skill of the sailors fell before the violence of the storm.
The sailors abandoned the burning ship.
No passengers are allowed on the bridge.
The freight on the ship got soaked.
The men on board were surprised to see five men on the island.
He is thinking of going to sea.
As is usual with a sailor, he likes liquor very much.
All the skill of the sailors gave way to the violence of the storm.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
It must have been broken during shipping.
Would you please inform me of the expected shipping date?
How many people are on board the ship?
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
The captain assured us that there would be no danger.
The captain told us to get off the ship.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
The captain controls the whole ship.
The captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship.
The captain was so angry he refused to give the crew shore leave.
The captain breathed new life into his tired crew.
The ship's captain ordered the radio operator to send a distress signal.
The ship touched ground.
It is not certain if Mr Funada will join the new party.
There were no signs of disorder in the ship.
How much will it cost by sea mail?
Send this by sea mail.
Some people cannot bear traveling by sea.
Traveling by sea is a lot of fun.
For choice, I'll take this one.
I would take French, for choice.
The only alternatives are success and death.
The alternatives are liberty and death.
Whatever you pick is fine.
In most elections, whichever candidate gets the majority of the votes, wins the election.
You must appeal to public opinion to win the election.
The election gave the party a role in the government.
The media has a lot of influence on the outcome of an election.
The result of the election will be announced tomorrow.
What was the outcome of the election?
The outcome of the election is doubtful.
The result of the election will soon be analyzed.
The results of the election will appear in the evening paper.
It is difficult to calculate the results of the election.
Everyone was glued to the TV set as the election results came in.
The campaign seems to be going like a bomb.
The campaign succeeded and she won the election.
Attempts to redraw voting districts have hit a wall of opposition.
Some women longed to have the right to vote.
Some politicians never make good on campaign promises.
The political campaign has turned into a dirty fight at last.
The voters won't put up for a tax hike.
Voters are taking out their frustrations at the polls.
Players were limited in what they could and could not do to get and keep the ball.
The athletes fell far short of our expectations.
All the players did their best.
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
The player was pleased with his victory.
The players must abide by the rules.
Players must adhere to the rules of the game.
Every player did his best.
The athletes sat around killing time, waiting for their game to start.
The players scrambled for the ball.
All the players were in position.
The players marched triumphantly across the field.
The players were in high spirits after the game.
The players have to abide by the umpire's decision.
The players were terribly excited over winning the pennant.
The choice is all up to you.
Making a choice always means making a sacrifice, giving up one thing for another.
Take care of the pence, and the pounds will take care of themselves.
The use of bright colors is one of the features of his paintings.
The bright red flowers stood out among the greens.
You ran into him earlier, didn't you?
I have met her before.
I heard that song before.
I found him easily, because I had met him once before.
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.
I couldn't recognize him, not having met him before.
Move along, please.
She had three DPT shots before.
I apologize for not writing to you before.
As was mentioned before, this is my basic idea.
I remember seeing him before.
As I had met him before, I recognized him at once.
The former captain was superior to the present one.
Do you feel equal to meeting your ex-husband?
Move up to the front, please.
I hope my last mail didn't sound too harsh.
All you're doing is trying to escape reality.
We took up that problem at the last meeting.
I wore several hats at my last office so I'd like to specialize this time.
He had had his old one for more than ten years.
The previous tenant took excellent care of her apartment.
Form a line one meter away from the one in front of you.
A chauffeur sat in front.
We had much snow last winter.
I didn't have a good time last Sunday.
Please fill up the front.
Step forward and make room for others.
Thanking you in anticipation.
You must pay in advance.
I'll let you know beforehand.
Thanks in advance.
Examine the pile of documents in advance.
You should buy your ticket in advance.
I would have set aside the day for it if you'd told me ahead of time.
It is essential to reserve your seat in advance.
Get ready in advance.
Reserve a seat in advance.
We must make arrangements with them beforehand.
You have to pay in advance.
We should have made a careful plan in advance.
It is necessary that we make a reservation in advance.
You had better make a reservation in advance.
Confirm your reservation in advance.
Don't forget to confirm your reservation in advance.
That's really great!
You look much better.
Minutes of the previous meeting were accepted.
I had a good report last term.
See above.
You need to pay in advance.
Can you pay me in advance?
Do I have to leave a deposit?
I haven't seen Karen since we fell out last month.
My front tooth fell out.
The solution of one may prove to be the solution of the other.
Many support the former alternative, but I prefer the latter.
The former is better than the latter.
Not to advance is to go back.
They were waiting for the go-ahead.
A sense of trouble ahead oppressed his spirits.
Let me introduce a promising young writer to you.
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
Do you sell advance tickets here?
Don't cut it too short in the front.
Do you want me to pay in advance?
Do I have to pay in advance?
Can you read that sign ahead of us?
I see a red car ahead.
I had an enlarged prostate.
The unprecedented drought did severe damage to the wheat harvest.
The charge for a front row seat is dollars.
There is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
To be a good teacher, you must know how to make the most of what your students have.
It is not always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is "doubt" that turns good into bad.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.
I'll have to go and see what I can do.
The good will not necessarily prosper.
A good person is a moral person.
The good die young.
Honest men and knaves may possibly wear the same cloth.
Not all good men will prosper.
Does goodness charm more than beauty?
Goodness is abstract, a kind act is concrete.
A good citizen obeys the laws.
Yes. You're absolutely right.
He is just an ordinary person.
I think you're quite right.
It's quite all right.
I do hope so.
Certainly.
So she does.
I'm just starving.
I'm completely cast down!
Really, you are so mean.
Really, you are so mean!
That is not altogether bad.
No two words are identical in meaning.
How lonely and helpless she must feel left all by herself!
He is utterly impossible.
That is not all together false.
I'm so happy for you.
You're quite right.
He has plenty of cheek.
It's beautiful weather, isn't it?
I couldn't agree with you more.
You can teach good manners to children without resorting to punishment.
I've had just about enough of her.
We sat in total silence.
Is everything okay?
I don't like all of them.
Everything went smoothly.
In all matters, safety first!
Taking all things into consideration, I have made up my mind to give up the idea.
I got a season's pass to all the home games.
All the members made much of her opinion.
Through him all things were made.
Every member must attend.
All educated Americans, first or last, go to Europe.
All the trainees share the burden of toil.
Not all the laws of nature are correct.
Please answer all the questions.
It is by no means easy to satisfy everyone.
Every means has not been tried.
All books may be divided into two classes.
Every boy and girl knows Columbus.
Every boy and girl is taught to read and write.
It's important that everybody should be told all the facts.
You cannot please everyone.
All forms of life have an instinctive urge to survive.
All the students are present.
All the students look up to their homeroom teacher.
Not every student has a dictionary.
What is the total price with all taxes included?
It was very stuffy in that room with all the windows closed.
All big cities have traffic problems.
All knowledge is not good.
All the soldiers were called out by the king to defend the castle against all opposition.
It is the audience which really determines both the matter and manner of every broadcast.
All hope is gone.
It all began a year ago when he returned home.
All are concerned with changing the role of women in contemporary society.
All is over.
Everything hangs on his answer.
All things considered, we cannot say that he is wrong.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and support your old parents.
Everything was done in accordance with the rules.
I like none of them.
Do everything according to the cookbook.
The whole company stood in silence for a few moments, as a tribute to the dead.
Everyone has to learn the word by heart.
It's essential that everyone obeys the rules.
The entire crew takes pride in its work.
All were present.
All were imprisoned by the Allies after the war and later sentenced to death or given long prison terms for war crimes.
All the people praised him for his honesty.
I am only too glad to hear that all of them are safe and sound in the rescue boat.
Everybody without exception must take the test.
All of us got into the car.
Everybody took his position.
They all sang in chorus.
We are fifteen in all.
I decided to take his side against the others.
They agreed with one accord.
All are present.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
Be quiet, all of you.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear spectacles.
All students have access to the library.
The company, wholly owned by NTT, is doing well.
All of the factories are nearing capacity.
The whole school agreed to the proposal.
The student body is opposed to the new rules.
The National Center for Education Information says a predicted teacher shortage won't pan out because teachers who left the profession are returning.
We have been visited by a nation-wide economic boom.
The entire nation was glad at the news.
The whole nation mourned the hero's death.
The whole nation voted in the election.
The whole nation wants peace.
The whole nation cringed before this dictator in fear.
A curfew was imposed on the city.
The city was all flame.
The whole population turned out in welcome.
The city was alarmed by the earthquake.
The office is having a farewell party.
We will post the announcement in all the staff lounges.
All the papers featured the case.
I am all ears.
My whole body is sore.
I felt a burning sensation all over.
For all mans sins damned we shall be.
The whole world could be destroyed by an atomic war.
The whole world was involved in the war.
The whole Earth was shocked.
The whole world hungers for peace.
All the world is divided into three types of people - finger-users, chopstick-users, and fork-users.
The overall output was tons.
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state.
All the players stood there with their arms folded.
It's no trouble at all.
I have no idea.
I never did like it anyway.
Full speed ahead!
I must dash or I'll be late.
The whole village was consumed by the fire.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
All in all, the excursion was pleasant.
As a whole his works are neither good nor bad.
All in all, we had a good time at the party.
All in all, the international conference was a success.
Taken altogether, the President's record isn't half bad.
The nation as a whole is in favor of political reform.
A whole is made up of parts.
The general situation is advantageous to us.
We've been fine, by and large.
Overall we are on schedule.
By and large, your idea is a good one.
All in all, I thought it was a good book.
Altogether, it was a success.
Cut it short all over.
The whole earth is the sepulchre of famous men.
He hasn't done badly, all in all.
By and large, this school is one of the best.
By and large, she is a very reliable person.
Please give me the money in twenty-dollar bills.
It looks like we have everything.
That's dollars altogether.
We need twenty eggs all told.
There were fifty persons in all.
He makes most, if not all, of the important decisions for his company.
There were only five people present altogether.
About one hundred and fifty dollars altogether.
I want all of the furniture taken to our house right away.
Not all the students went there.
I like him best of all the teachers.
Could you put all of them in a large bag?
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
Put everything in my basket.
They are all my personal belongings.
You can't have dessert until you finish your meal.
Eat everything.
Shoot your wad.
To understand all is to forgive all.
Give it all you've got.
Fight with all your might.
If you put your best foot forward, you will succeed.
I'll try to explain it to the best of my ability.
Rest assured that I will do my best.
What matters is whether you do your best or not.
They say Zen cultivates our mind.
What? A little soup and celery is all I get? I'm not a Zen monk. I can't survive on an austerity diet like this.
My family came to live in Tokyo in my great-grandfather's time.
She will write to me as soon as she returns to her country.
The flag of his fatherland brought tears to his eyes.
My grandfather passed away three years ago.
My grandfather made the company what it is today.
After the initial shock of hearing of her grandfather's death, the girl started to cry.
It is ten years since my grandfather died.
My grandfather has made me what I am.
We named him Thomas after his grandfather.
My grandfather is planning to retire the year after next.
My grandfather died five years ago.
My grandfather is over eighty years old, but he is a good walker.
My grandfather died of a disease at eighty.
My grandfather is years old and very lively.
My grandfather is in his nineties.
My grandfather lived to be ninety-nine years old.
My grandfather always sits in this chair.
My grandfather was always grumbling about something or other.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
My grandfather is still sound in mind and body.
My grandfather would often read and study at this desk.
My grandfather used to make furniture for himself.
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper.
My grandfather has lived in Kyoto for over years, so he knows his way about.
My grandfather still endeavors to absorb new ideas.
Grandfather nodded toward me.
My grandfather nodded and smiled at me.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
My grandfather died shortly after my birth.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
My grandfather tells us about old things.
My grandfather has snowy white hair.
My grandfather was wounded in the war.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
Because of his age, my grandfather doesn't hear well.
Grandfather is still very active for his age.
Grandfather has retired because he is getting old.
My grandfather is very healthy.
My grandfather does moderate exercise every morning, which is why he is strong and healthy.
My father takes a walk in the park.
Our grandparents would come to see us on the weekends.
My grandmother paid my way to Boston.
In my grandmother's lifetime, both telephones and computers have become commonplace.
Grandmother makes a practice of keeping early hours.
My grandmother's old watch has been lying in the drawer for years.
Grandma is three and a half times your age.
My grandmother lived to be ninety-five years old.
My grandmother can't see very well.
My grandmother is always complaining of the cold.
My grandmother is the oldest in this town.
My grandmother went peacefully in the night.
My grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
Grandmother looked very well.
Grandmother carried the table by herself.
My grandmother can only eat soft food.
My grandmother speaks slowly.
My grandmother used to go out for a walk almost every day, but now she seldom, if ever, goes out.
Grandmother believes that Chinese medicines are the best.
My grandmother is very forgetful of things nowadays.
My grandmother passed away peacefully last night.
My grandmother had been sick for a week when I visited her.
My grandmother told me the story of Cinderella.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
My grandmother made me a new dress.
My grandmother walks faster than me, and plays tennis better than I do.
My grandmother is hard of hearing. In other words she is slightly deaf.
My grandmother never changed her style of living.
My grandmother became sick last week.
Grandmother mows the grass in the garden.
My grandmother left us a great fortune.
My grandmother wears a dress to rags.
My grandmother was pulling up weeds in her backyard.
My grandmother likes traveling by train.
Grandmother is bent double with age.
My grandmother has got old.
This is just a small gift, but please accept it.
Takuya swam naked as a jaybird.
Ah, wonderful.
I hope you'll have a great year.
Kudos for your outstanding achievement!
A wonderful idea just ran through my mind.
A wonderful idea occurred to me.
Hope you'll have a wonderful birthday.
All the best wishes on this wonderful day.
The United States is a paradise for almost every kind of sports, thanks to its wonderfully varied climate.
Anxious for a quick decision, the chairman called for a vote.
A fast child may win the race, but even a slow child can compete.
You can afford to speak frankly.
Frankly speaking, he is untrustworthy.
Frankly speaking, you made a mistake.
Frankly speaking, you haven't tried your best.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
I found a nice cup.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
We had a glorious time.
Have a nice holiday.
You have done a wonderful job.
What a nice car you have! You must have paid a lot for it.
Those are nice gloves you have on.
A nice room, isn't it?
Forming a cabinet is difficult.
The union and the company have come to terms on a new contract.
It is improper to impose sanctions upon the union.
The leaders of the Union agitated for higher wages.
The union is pressing for a ten-percent pay hike.
The union won a 5% wage increase.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
The union bargained with the management.
The union went out on a strike for an indefinite period.
The union members were up in arms.
From the viewpoint of tissue culture, the environment for this experiment should be more rigidly defined.
In the "Mafia" tradition of organized crime, any member who discloses its operation is sure to be rubbed out.
With the money Jack won from his lawsuit, he should be able to live on easy street.
The lawsuit remains undecided.
Rats desert a sinking ship.
You must exercise your imagination.
The Brown twins, both of whom got recently married, held a party.
It is sometimes difficult to tell twins apart.
Both sides had to compromise with each other.
It was a long war because neither side would give in.
You cannot learn the truth unless you hear what both parties have to say.
The warehouse was empty except for a piece of furniture.
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
Mr Miyake showed me lots of places during my stay in Kurashiki.
When is the pep rally?
I couldn't even guess.
Imagination is the root of all civilization.
I used my imagination.
I found what I was looking for.
I don't want the investigation to burn out.
Investigators uncovered an assassination plot.
The search party found him lying at the foot of a cliff.
May I use the vacuum cleaner?
Puppets work with wires.
To cut a long story short, he was fired.
You are early.
Why don't you have your bath now?
I hope you will answer soon.
It was her fate to die young.
Be quick! We haven't much time.
Make with the beers, I'm thirsty!
I'm sorry I couldn't write to you sooner.
I hope you get well soon.
Come home early, Bill.
I wrote him a letter and asked him to return home soon.
Come here soon.
You can go out, as long as you promise to be back early.
You may go as long as you come home early.
Come home early.
Go home quickly.
You had best go home early.
Remind him to come home early.
Get up early, or you'll be late.
Get up early, else you'll be late for school.
You had better get up early.
If you get up early, you can be in time for school.
Get up early.
I hope you'll make up your mind quickly.
Sooner begun, sooner done.
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
I hope you'll recover quickly.
You have only to leave early to get a good seat.
Would it be better to start early?
Let's start early, shall we?
We agreed on an early start.
I suggested that we should start early.
I go to bed early so I can get up to capture the sunrise.
You've arrived too early.
I can't walk fast, but I can walk for a long time.
Get ready quickly.
Come quick!
He who laughs last laughs best.
His last lecture at Waseda brought down the house.
If you get up early, you will feel so much the better.
Get up early, and you'll be in time.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of the habit of early rising.
You should cultivate the habit of getting up early.
Getting up early is very good.
It is good to get up early.
I believe in rising early.
Early rising is good for the health.
It is good for the health to get up early.
Early rising is with him a matter of course.
It was his habit to rise early.
I believe in getting up early.
Prompt action is necessary.
It's necessary to discuss the problem without delay.
You must take action for their release quickly.
Don't jump to conclusions.
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
All the early flowers were bitten by the frost.
Soon ripe, soon rotten.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
We all know that it's better to keep early hours.
To keep early hours makes you healthy.
Those who keep early hours are generally healthy.
One who keeps good hours will live long.
I'm used to keeping early hours.
Early to bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Keeping early hours is good for the health.
To keep early hours is fundamental to good health.
To keep early hours will do you much good.
Unless you keep early hours, you will injure your health.
You should keep early hours.
Keep early hours.
Those who keeps early hour will live long.
If you keep early hours, you may always be fresh as a daisy in the morning.
Mr Hayakawa was respected by him.
He walked quickly away with two dogs trotting at his heels.
Please accept our apologies for not filling your order sooner.
Anyway, to get to what I wanted to ask you...it's about the party. Are you free Friday?
It's been raining since early morning.
The dew falls in early morning.
It is nice to take a walk early in the morning.
Quick at meal, quick at work.
Sooner or later, we'll have to tackle the problem in earnest.
Sooner or later, he will run out of luck.
Sooner or later, she will appear.
Although the web looks soft and delicate, it is strong.
And though a web looks complicated, it takes a spider little time to make one and catch insects.
The dispute was settled peacefully.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
In order to lose weight you had better take up some sport.
What will become of our close relations if the bilateral security treaty expires?
Mutual understanding makes for peace.
Mutual understanding promotes peace.
Despite their own scandals, the police continue to make arrests as though nothing had happened at all.
If the other person does mention his family, then it is perfectly OK to ask about the ages of the children, and if you have children, to compare educational and cultural differences in raising children.
She beat me. I had underestimated the power of a woman.
I long for company.
The opposing team did not put up much of a fight, so we won hands down.
We tied with the other team for first place.
The players had to throw the ball from one to another to try to get the ball over the other team's baseline.
The other team tried to keep them from crossing the line.
Beating the other team was no sweat at all.
He keeps on talking forever if you listen to him.
You need to show a genuine interest in the other person.
Don't say bad things about others behind their backs.
We thought it wrong not to listen to our opponents.
I want you to stop preying on people's weaknesses.
In order to distract the others, we brought up this irrelevant issue as a red herring.
Here's your party.
It's four against you. You'll be beaten up.
There was a short silence on the other end.
They want to choose their mates by their own will.
Is that the way you talk to me?
You must be deliberate in selecting a partner.
We determine our attitude on the basis of the other party.
Your party is on line.
What does the other party want?
People sharing a ride should refrain from conversation with other passengers.
Some speculators take advantage of the ignorance and helplessness of old people.
May I share this table with you?
The theory of relativity originated with Einstein.
Few scientists understand the theory of relativity.
Put our heads together.
Please come to talk to me.
We thought we might expect a good harvest.
Unless you have good credit, buying a house is impossible.
He is well advanced in life.
When two powerful forces with opposite ideals come face to face, it's time for a showdown.
You never change, do you?
You are at it again.
Same as usual.
I'm as busy as ever.
The important point concerning the complementary distribution is to specify the environment where the individual sounds occur.
Sumo is great fun; otherwise she wouldn't be interested in it.
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan.
Have you ever watched sumo wrestling?
With the window broken, we could not keep the room warm.
Who's the naughty boy that broke the window?
Show me the stone that broke the window.
A beam of light through the window woke the professor up out of a deep sleep.
We have a good view of the sea from the window.
Do not look out the window.
Do not look out of the window.
Don't look out the window. Concentrate on your work.
A face appeared at the window.
Don't put your head out of the window.
The high building can be seen from the window.
You'll see a lot of high mountains through the window.
Don't stick your hand out of the window.
Don't put your hands out the window.
The morning sun came in the window.
See that the window is closed.
There were curtains hanging over the window.
There was a light burning in the window.
I saw a man's face in the window.
I wanted to meet and talk with the girl at the window.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
I heard someone shout outside the window.
The noise outside his window prevented him from sleeping.
Look out of the window.
Looking out of the window, I saw a stranger at the doorstep.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
Looking out of the window, I saw a rainbow.
Is there a desk by the window?
I saw a man's face inside the window.
They charged me for the broken window.
I looked in the direction of the window, but didn't see anything.
Her windows were broken and her shutters hung crookedly.
Both of the windows were broken.
Would you mind my opening the window?
Don't leave the window open.
Can I open the window?
Do you mind if I open the window?
Would you close the window?
Would you please shut the window?
Shall I close the window?
Didn't it occur to you to shut the windows?
May I ask you to close the window?
Was it Jack that broke the window?
When I opened the window, I saw children playing baseball.
Please keep the windows open.
Don't leave the room with the window open.
Don't sleep with the windows open.
Don't leave the windows open.
Open the window and let in some fresh air.
Open the window.
Do you mind opening the window?
Please open the window.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Don't open the window.
Will you open the window and air out this stuffy room?
Do you mind if I open the window and let the smoke out?
Open the window, will you?
Open the windows to let in some air.
Open the window and let some fresh air into the room, please.
Let's open the window.
Don't punish him for breaking the window. He is not to blame.
Who broke the window?
A hammer was used to break the window.
After cleaning the windows, there always seems to be a visible trace of dirt.
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
You had better close the window.
Shut the windows and keep that cold wind out.
Close the window.
Keep the window closed.
Would you mind closing the window?
Close the window, will you?
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
Please close the window.
I was able to see him coming through the window.
Wouldn't you rather sit by the window?
Could we have a table by the window?
Make it a window seat please.
I'd like a table by the window.
Do you have a table near the window?
I'd like a window seat.
Do you have a window seat?
I'd like a window seat, please.
Did you request a seat by the window?
Would you like a window seat?
Participating in the general meeting raised my awareness of the new technologies in data transportation.
We make the total about $50.
The sum came to 3,yen.
The total amounted to dollars.
A general election was in the air.
A general election will be held in May.
I've had full dentures for two years.
Do I have to have a full denture?
You have to have a full denture.
I don't want to get a full denture.
That company is doing very well in terms of total sales.
The minister had to resign.
The Prime Minister resigned yesterday.
The Prime Minister has resigned.
The Prime Minister is to make a statement tomorrow.
The Prime Minister nominated him as Foreign Minister.
The bright child can tolerate failure.
The grass sprouts all over the garden.
There is frost on the grass.
Leave no stone unturned.
And he pointed to a bunch of high grass.
Attached is the draft compilation.
He wanted to know more about the flowers.
The smell of the flowers came in through the open windows of the bus.
The root of a flower is as weak as a baby's finger.
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field?
We can see wild animals lying in the grass.
The sacred ceremony was held in the magnificent temple.
It is traditional to wear black to a funeral.
I feel happiest when I'm running.
Run, or else you'll be late.
You won't be in time unless you run.
Any car will do, as long as it runs.
How about running?
I ran on and on and came in sight of a light.
Running is good for the health.
Don't run, walk slowly.
Running is good exercise.
You will soon come up with him if you run.
Is there a mileage charge?
Some runners drink water as they are running.
The runner was called out at third.
The runner had reached the halfway mark.
The farewell party will be given next week.
Frost touched the flower.
The frost did much harm to the crops.
Frost touched the flowers.
The frost killed all the flowers.
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet.
The frost had a bad effect on the crops.
Frost is frozen dew.
The bus driver glared at us for shouting.
Don't make noise. Keep quiet.
I could hear someone calling my name on the noisy platform.
You must not be noisy.
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark.
The trouble blew over in a few days.
People who make no noise are dangerous.
The teacher told the boy not to make noise.
There was so much noise that Professor Bayley couldn't make himself heard.
To no one's surprise, loud noise has been proved to affect one's sense of hearing.
The noise disturbed his sleep.
Noises interfered with my studying.
The noise bothers me.
I couldn't make myself heard above the noise.
I could not make myself heard above the noise.
My head is splitting from the noise.
I'm going crazy from too much noise.
I found it difficult to make myself heard due to the noise.
I was kept awake all night by the noise.
They didn't notice the increase in noise.
Noise is the most serious problem for those who live around the airports.
The noise lessened gradually.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
Loud music always makes Fred hit the roof.
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
Additional imports of American beef are planned to meet rising demand.
The tax increases affected our lives greatly.
Masuo can bend spoons.
Those who love too much, hate in like extreme.
To own a library is one thing and to use it is another.
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
It is one thing to own a library; It is quite another to use it wisely.
Do you want me to wrap it up as a gift?
This is also ideal as a gift.
Would you mind wrapping it up as a gift?
A card was attached to the gift.
Choose a present carefully.
A present is usually given in return for one's hospitality.
Thank you for the present.
Thank you very much for your present.
On gift-giving occasions, people generally avoid giving money, but there are exceptions.
I have some gifts.
Without him nothing was made that has been made.
She could scarcely gasp the words.
This is going to require a long steady effort.
Take a breath and hold it.
Hold your breath, please.
Hold your breath and pinch your nostrils.
Take a deep breath in and out, please.
Take a deep breath, please.
I blew on my hands to warm them.
I was out of breath and sat down.
My son came to see me from time to time.
My son has got into bad company.
When my son is doing nothing bad, he is sleeping.
I hope my son will bring himself to study hard.
My son owes what he is to you.
My son came to my room.
Their son's success in the examination gave them great pleasure.
She scolded her son for being lazy.
Great was her joy when her son returned back safely.
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound.
Have you ever heard from your son?
Don't be so hard on your son.
Give my thanks to your son.
It will cost you a fortune to give your son a good education.
What does your son do?
Did you choose an interesting book for your son?
You need not have any anxiety about your son's health.
Your son will be well taken care of.
Your son is almost the copy of your father.
Your son must be quite tall by now.
Her sons have gone to Tokyo.
My sons are in the heyday of youth.
I gave my son a box of candy, which he opened happily.
My son shall do the work.
I was disappointed in my son.
Keep your son from having his own way.
I asked my son what he really wanted.
I built my son a new house.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
I must buy a new suit for my son.
I thank you on behalf of my son.
I'm never free from worry about my son. Nowadays, he does nothing but play video games, and never studies at all.
The mere thought of her son warmed her heart.
My son is my biggest headache.
Could you fill out the medical certificate for my son's school?
I'd like to see my son.
His heart ached when he saw his son's miserable state.
Her son's death broke Mary's heart.
The moment she heard the news of her son's death, she burst into tears.
Please give him a fluoride treatment.
I'd like to make an appointment for fluoride treatments for my son.
She was beside herself with grief at the news of her son's accident.
I am to blame for my son's failure.
My son's ability at math has improved this year.
My son's front teeth have come in crooked.
All my son's adult teeth are in.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
My son passed in three subjects at A level.
I commit my son to your care.
My son has read every book on that shelf.
Our son was unable to keep up with the class.
My son often worries me by asking a lot of questions.
The son demonstrated his anger by shutting the door and noisily.
My son asks for the moon.
My son is tired of hamburgers.
My son was the last but one to reach the goal.
My son is not old enough for school.
My son can't count yet.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son went to London, where I was born.
My son has gone to America to study medicine.
My son is playing in the rain.
My son gets on very well at school.
The son acquiesced in his parents' wishes.
My son is ashamed of his behavior.
My son has taken to drinking and smoking.
Both sons pretended to the throne.
My son is small for his age.
My son took a candy from the box.
The son asked a question of his mother.
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow.
My son likes outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
My son lives in a distant place.
He launched his son in the world.
I am not so poor that I cannot send my son to college.
Everyone sympathized with the parents about their son's death.
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
I went for a walk with my son.
He wanted them to go to college and learn to be businessmen.
I get out of breath.
Let's ease up.
Precision in measurement is a necessity.
I've got pins and needles in my leg.
I have feeling in my legs.
My feet went to sleep and I couldn't stand up.
My legs feel heavy.
If your feet get wet, you'll get a cold.
I tripped and nearly fell.
Your feet are dirty.
My legs feel heavy as lead.
I walked till my legs got stiff.
My feet get cold.
It is possible for us to do addition very quickly.
My leg got hurt, so I could not walk.
I've got blisters on my feet.
I walked around town wherever my feet led me.
His leg will prevent him from participating in a tennis tournament.
I have had a corn removed from my foot.
We let our legs do the leading.
There is no feeling in my toes at all.
I have a pain in my little toe.
Watch your toes.
A fast walker can walk six kilometers in an hour.
My legs are getting better day by day.
Soles of the feet are insensitive to heat and cold.
What do you have your feet for?
We're short of something.
His bad leg prevented him from winning the race.
In order to keep our feet warm we had to shift from one foot to another and keep moving.
Bathe your feet to get the dirt off.
Wash your feet.
I didn't mean to step on your foot.
The moment I heard the footsteps, I knew who it was.
Watch your step.
Watch your step. The stairs are steep.
Watch your step. The floor is slippery.
Watch your step, or you will slip and fall.
Watch your step, or else you will trip on the baggage.
Do watch your step.
I am sorry to encumber you with the children.
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month.
Footprints were left on the floor.
The footprints continued down to the river.
She is struggling helplessly.
That will not make even carfare.
He slowed into step with her.
The race is not to the swift.
If you can read rapidly and with good understanding, you will probably find it easy to remember a good deal of what you do read.
Whether you drive fast or slow, drive carefully.
"Come home early, Bill." "Yes, Mother."
I am tired from running fast.
Run fast, otherwise you will miss the bus.
Run fast, or you will be late for school.
Run fast, and you will catch the train.
Soon gotten soon spent.
Alphonse looked at the racing clouds, his eyes turned to the sky.
I can't keep pace with you.
Pitch a fast ball.
Please send it by express mail.
Can you make it special delivery?
Please send it by special delivery.
It is thought that the lower speed reduces heat generation.
Speeding causes accidents.
There are several ways to measure speed.
Burglars broke into his house.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
The explosion that followed killed many people.
He went on to demonstrate how to use the machine.
Do you wish to make any other transaction?
What will you do after graduation?
I met her a long time after graduation, and she had totally become a housewife.
As soon as he graduated, he left town.
On leaving school, we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks.
Father gave me a book for graduation.
The graduation ceremony took place on the morning of the first of March.
The graduation ceremony will take place on March 20th.
The graduation is two months ahead.
Have you decided on the subject of your thesis?
Don't pull my sleeve.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
The work must be finished before noon.
Let's enjoy ourselves to our heart's content.
My grandchildren give me such a delight.
Being with her grandson always makes her happy.
It made Grandfather's day when his granddaughter gave him a picture she had drawn of him.
Do you have anyone to look up to?
The child looks up to his father with worship in his eyes.
You cannot lose.
Bill took the blame for the loss.
The damage amounted to five million yen.
The loss amounts to ten million dollars.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
I am afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
Losses will run into millions of dollars.
The extent of the damage is inestimable.
I am ready to do anything to make up for the loss.
The loss adds up to $1,000,000.
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
The loss amounted to dollars.
Let's make it a fair trade.
There are not many amusements in the village.
Not a soul was to be seen in the village.
There were no people in the village.
There was a tornado in the village.
There's an old tower in the center of the village.
The discussion the villagers had on the environment was quite lively.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
All the villagers know of the accident.
The election of the village headman had been postponed.
There is a lake on the east of the village.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
The village was dead after sunset.
Winds haunt the village.
The road to the village is very rough.
It is not more than two miles to the village.
It is a long way to the village.
The Murais have gone back to Japan?
The Murais have been married for ten years.
There is Mr James who they say is the richest man in the village.
It was the hungry bears that the villagers were afraid of.
The villagers believed in a life after death.
Villagers were going to celebrate the wine festival.
The festival is looked forward to by the villagers.
The villagers were offhand with us.
The villagers tried to freeze us out.
All the villagers went out into the hills to look for a missing cat.
The villagers petitioned against the nuclear power plant.
The villagers are occupied mainly with fishing.
No one in the village knew that the soldiers were taking aim at their village.
The villagers went in search of the missing child.
The villagers regarded the stranger as their enemy.
All the villagers in turn saluted the priest.
The village people had to pump water from the well by hand.
The villagers were kind to their visitors.
The village people called the old woman Meta.
The villagers had a bias against any newcomer.
The village people built a wooden bridge across the river.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Mr Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
The villagers supported a new road.
The whole village came out to welcome him.
Did you want anything else?
Is there anything I can do for you now?
No one else can fill that job.
I can't think otherwise.
Need anything else?
Anything else, sir?
Do you have any other questions?
What else do you want?
Is there anything I must do?
If you want to include other information, please let us know.
This is the only alternative.
I had no other choice.
No other way.
If you need more information, we are happy to send it.
I want to deal with this letter before I do anything else.
He's only got one shirt because all the rest are being washed.
Even if everything else is considered, I still don't like this plan.
Her nature takes more kindly to acting than to any other kind of job.
No other book is read as widely as the Bible.
May I recommend another hotel?
Could you recommend another hotel?
Do you have any others?
Could you show me another one?
Like any company, we've got to look ahead and plan for the future.
No nation can exist completely isolated from others.
You had better consult the others.
The other children laughed.
Other things being equal, I choose the cheaper one.
The other boys smiled.
If other conditions are equal, the temperature must be the most influential element in this experiment.
I will go provided that the others go.
You don't have to think you aren't going to make it just because others have failed.
You should not speak ill of others.
Don't blame another for his faults.
Where are all the others?
I can't think of anybody else.
One should not make fun of others.
The others paid no attention to her warning.
I have to study hard to keep up with the other students.
You'll have to ask someone else.
Nobody else can.
Other restaurants serve chicken without anything that makes it stand out.
The guys are sleeping like dogs.
Some animals have advanced far ahead of others.
Someone else profits from the situation.
In other cultures, the balls were filled with earth, grain, bits and pieces of plants, and sometimes even pieces of metal.
If we don't obtain an adequate knowledge of their culture, a lot of problems could easily arise.
If we can't get the money in any other way, we can, as a last resort, sell the car.
All the other issues are subordinate to this one.
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.
Is there life on other planets?
The invasion of other countries is a shameful action.
Learn from others' mistakes.
You will go your way, whatever others say.
Do not look too much to others for help.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
I am determined to put the plan into practice no matter what others may say.
Whatever others think of me, I don't mind at all.
There was once a time when I could not trust others.
Don't cut in when others are talking.
Be kind to others!
You must be kind to others.
You should be kind to others.
Try to be patient with others.
You should not try to force your ideas on others.
It is good to be kind to others.
You should not feel superior to other people.
It is often necessary to depend upon others.
Don't rely on others.
He is a very irritating critic of others.
He is second to none when it comes to finding fault with others.
Don't try to find fault with others.
Don't find fault with other people.
It is easy to find fault with others.
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others.
Stop finding fault with others.
Those who find fault with other people tend to be blind to their own fault.
Don't worry about what others say.
You must not speak ill of other boys in his class.
Tell him to mind his own business.
Don't interfere in others' affairs.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Don't worry about others.
You can never be happy if you feel envious of other people.
In consideration of others, please don't smoke.
Don't stand in other people's way.
Do it for yourself; not for someone else.
I would rather die than steal from others.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
Don't say bad things about others.
It was not in his nature to speak ill of others.
Even if the opinions of others can be suppressed, I cannot imagine to what results my speech may lead.
You must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
Don't stare others in the face.
You should be careful of the feelings of others.
You should not trample on other people's rights.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
There is a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
There's a certain pleasure in pointing out other people's errors.
Don't envy others for their good luck.
It is not decent to laugh at another's troubles.
You shouldn't interfere in other people's business.
Don't take advantage of others' weakness.
You must not be jealous of others' success.
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of others.
Don't be shy in the company of others.
Don't get in people's way.
No one really understands the grief or joy of another.
Keeping what belongs to another amounts to stealing.
Work quietly lest you disturb others.
Do other people like me?
Don't make fun of others.
We have no more right to say a rude thing to another than to knock him down.
We should not make fun of others.
One should not speak ill of others.
Don't look down on others.
We shouldn't look down on other people.
You must not judge others by yourself.
It's important for us to be thoughtful of others.
It is rude to point at others.
It's not polite to point at others.
It is not polite to point at others.
He that would govern others, first should be master of himself.
To help others is to help yourself.
It is bad to hurt others.
Hating others is foreign to her.
You should not rely on others.
Never rely too much upon others.
Nothing is as easy as to criticize others.
I would rather be poor than be rich by taking advantage of others.
Let's not stand on ceremony.
If, on the other hand, children are left alone a great deal with nothing to do, they are likely to become dull and unintelligent.
On the other hand a lot of people die young.
On the other hand, when public officials act wrongly, Americans feel a responsibility to protest.
You're overly reliant on people. You'll never make it in the world that way.
You shouldn't rely on others. It's important to want to help yourself.
We can pay dollars at most.
We can pay dollars at most.
The common language of many Asians is English.
Many U.S. politicians depend on contributions from fat cats for their campaigns.
Many Americans are interested in jazz.
Many Americans love to watch reruns of the I Love Lucy show.
Many gamblers win and lose money at the horse-race track.
He who begins many things, finishes but few.
Many painful memories inhabited her mind.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Many fans came running toward the actress.
Many things were brought to Japan from China.
Many Europeans visit Egypt every year.
Many Europeans do not know modern Japan.
Many clients went to the able lawyer for advice.
Many groups of immigrants have been assimilated into American society.
Many doctors look at your tongue first when they begin an examination.
Most athletes are at their best during their early manhood.
Many English words derive from Latin.
A lot of houses were on fire.
Many families left to make a new life on the frontier.
Many families went west to make a new life on the frontier.
Many scientists live in this small village.
Many scientists have the reputation of being eccentric.
Because there are a lot of volcanoes, it is easy for Japan to be hit by earthquakes.
Many businesses closed down.
Many firms are competing for the wealthier segment of the market.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
Many foreigners can appreciate Kabuki.
Many foreign people come to Japan to work.
Many foreigners speak good Japanese.
Many students are looking for part-time jobs.
Many students took part in the contest.
With many students chatting, it was difficult to hear what the professor had to say.
A lot of students are present at the meeting.
Many students go to Europe for the purpose of studying music.
A great number of students battled for freedom of speech.
Many students were present at the lecture.
Many students have failed the test.
Many a student studies at the library.
A number of tourists were injured in the accident.
A lot of tourists invaded the island.
Many sightseers visit Kyoto every year.
Naples gathers many tourists.
The more skills one masters, the greater contribution one can make to society.
After many hardships, he now lives in comparative ease.
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
Many letters of encouragement refreshed my sad heart.
Many old customs are gradually dying out.
A lot of clients come to the lawyer for advice.
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling, but some are not.
A lot of countries participated in the Olympic Games.
Many countries have passed laws to prohibit people from smoking in public places.
Many countries are experiencing similar problems.
Many countries have problems with poverty.
In most countries, people under the age of are considered minors - they cannot vote.
Many countries have laws prohibiting smoking.
In many countries, the main reason that people come to big cities is because of work.
Disarmament is in practice difficult in many countries.
A number of countries have strict laws against drugs.
Many countries have abolished capital punishment.
Many countries are having difficulties in the economic sphere.
Civil wars are occurring in many countries.
Many international conferences have been held in Geneva.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
After a lot of problems she managed to learn to drive a car.
Many industrialists have expressed their concern about the economy.
A lot of jobs are done by computers.
Dark is an object of fear to many children.
Many children dressed up for the Shichigosan Festival.
Darkness causes many children to be afraid.
Many poets write about the beauties of nature.
Many accidents resulted from the icy road conditions.
Many accidents arise from carelessness.
Much time was wasted.
I regretted having wasted a great deal of time.
Many businessmen, in order to curry favor with government officials, will shower them with gifts and money.
Many cars passed by.
Many a young girl likes the singer.
Many young people make use of their summer vacation to climb Mt. Fuji.
Many young people were present at the party.
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war.
Many young men bled for the revolution.
Many young men went to war.
Many fragile species are on the verge of extinction.
Many species of insects are on the verge of extinction.
With many women, love always comes first.
Many women could barely spell their names.
Many goods are transported at midnight by truck.
Many small companies went bankrupt.
Many novels have been written by him.
Many consumers rose up against the consumption tax.
He went forward in the face of many obstacles.
He refused to quit despite many obstacles.
Many plants bloom in the spring.
A lot of people look up to you. Don't let them down.
Many people respect you. Don't let them down.
Many people declined the invitation to the reception.
Many people applied for the position.
Many a man has predicted it.
A lot of people buy lotteries dreaming of wealth at one stroke.
I've asked lots of people to help, but I haven't any joy yet.
Many a man comes and goes.
Many a man has lost his life at sea.
It is money that many people worship most.
A big crowd of people collected to watch the festival.
Many a man has failed.
We did not expect many to attend.
Many people are suffering from the lack of food.
Many a man has made the same error.
Many a man has made the same mistake.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
Meeting many people is an important part of a party.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
To many, change seems inevitable.
Those loved by many are liable to untimely death.
Scores of people came to the concert.
To many people, it was nothing short of a miracle.
A great number of people were killed in a moment.
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
Many people work in industrial towns.
To talk with a lot of people is good for health.
Many politicians fail to keep their promises.
Many students bought the book.
The battle was won at the price of many lives.
Many young men tend to commit the same errors.
A number of tickets are sold in advance.
Many developed countries are faced with financial crises.
Many rivers have been so polluted that they can no longer be used for drinking water.
A lot of villagers were killed by soldiers.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
We had a large audience.
Many astronomers assume that the universe expands infinitely.
Many astronomers assume that the universe continues to expand forever.
In many ways, animals can do things better than people can.
Many cities were destroyed by bombs.
Many animals have been destroyed by men.
Many roads are flooded. As a result there are long delays.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
There have been many accessions to the party.
Many purchases are carefully thought out.
Many crimes go underreported.
Many diseases result from poverty.
Like most diseases, it has its own symptoms.
The world has seen a lot of changes in many fields.
Many men were badly wounded in the battle.
Many soldiers were killed in World War II.
Many soldiers died a hero's death.
It is important for you to read many books.
Lots of superstitions are still believed in.
I look up to him in many ways.
Many a tree was blown down by the typhoon.
Many trees are bare in winter.
Many wild animals are in peril of losing their lives.
Many promises had been made.
A number of friends saw him off.
Quite a few students failed to hand in their assignments.
The more, the better.
We must examine the various aspects.
Large amounts of money were spent on the new bridge.
Thank you very much for your generous donation.
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge.
Not a little money was lost.
Jack of all trades and master of none.
More or less, he is crazy.
I have some butterflies in my stomach.
There may be some scars.
If you have any sense, cancel the trip.
We must allow for some delay.
The majority was for him.
A lot of members assisted at the general meeting.
A number of students announced their readiness to engage in the contest.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
He was chosen out of a number of applicants.
A crowd of people gathered in the street.
Many people were killed as a result of the storm.
Scores of people visited Japan.
A lot of books are published every year.
Many famous people are behind the movement.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
It looks like I'm outnumbered here. I hate to do it but I'll withdraw my plan.
Extensive reading is as important as intensive reading.
Perhaps not.
You're probably going to think this is a joke, but I was a punk rocker when I was a kid.
It's probably the illness that's going around.
You are very likely right.
Maybe Jane will come.
Perhaps the book will prove useful.
Perhaps the train has been delayed.
He observed that we would probably have rain.
I dare say there'll be taxis at the station.
The chances are that it will rain today.
Perhaps I'll like this book.
Perhaps the only true dignity of man is his capacity to despise himself.
I dare say he is right.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
It may be that he likes his job.
The chances are he will be able to win a Nobel prize.
I dare say he's not a bad boy.
He is probably dead.
I dare say he is innocent.
I dare say he will not come.
He probably won't come.
In all likelihood, they'll be away for a week.
I should say she is a little angry.
Maybe she is coming.
I dare say it will rain tomorrow.
Dinner is probably ready, so we had better hurry home.
The greatest talkers are the least doers.
He that talks much, errs much.
I lead a busy life.
It's difficult to standardize language for a multi-ethnic nation.
Too much alcohol paralyzes our perceptive powers.
There is much water left.
The fat woman, the young couple, the sleeping Indian and the tall man in black, but now skin and flesh and hair had disappeared, and empty eye sockets stared from gleaming white skulls.
The stout man leaped over the shallow ditch and stumbled.
The stout man got into a cab in haste.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
Being fat is a serious problem for me.
I think all fat people should go on a diet.
Don't put on weight.
Stay thin.
Don't allow yourself to become fat.
Are you watching your weight?
You must go on a diet because you are too fat.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
I hear the drum.
The drum faded away.
He gave me his stamp of approval.
Osamu Dazai killed himself.
Osamu Dazai killed himself at the age of thirty-nine.
Far away across the Pacific lies the American Continent.
The Pacific Ocean is one of the five oceans.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
The Pacific is very wide.
The sun, moon, and stars are all part of the universe.
Let's talk about solar energy.
Solar energy may be able to play a significant role in our daily life.
The sun is going down.
If it were not for the sun, nothing could live.
If it were not for the sun, we would all die.
Without the sun, we couldn't live on the earth.
The sun was about to rise.
The sun was about to set.
The sun is shining in my face.
My eyes are dazzled by the sun.
The sun soon emerged from behind the clouds.
The distance from the sun to the earth is about million miles.
I wore sunglasses to protect my eyes from the sun.
The sun appeared from behind the clouds.
The sun disappeared behind a cloud.
The sun emerged from behind the clouds.
The sun broke through the clouds.
The sun vanished behind a cloud.
The sun went behind the clouds.
The sun came out from behind the clouds.
The sun rises above the houses.
The sun was shining and it was warm, so I took the day off.
The sun is going down behind the hill.
The sun was hidden in the moon's shadow.
The sun is about to sink in the west.
The sun is rising now.
The sun is about to rise.
The sun is just setting.
The sun rose above the mountain.
The sun is shining above our heads.
The sun came out.
The sun is coming up.
As the sun rose, the fog disappeared.
The sun is sinking below the horizon.
The sun sank below the horizon.
The sun rose above the horizon.
The sun declined westward.
The sun is sinking in the west.
The sun melted the snow.
The sun sank below the horizon and it got dark.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
The sun has dried up the ground.
The sun was setting.
The sun is about to set.
It was not until the sun had set that the child came home.
The sun having set we stayed there for the night.
Without the Sun, we could not live on the Earth.
The sun and the moon rise in the east and set in the west.
The sun and a damp climate made the tropical rainforest.
Which is larger, the sun or the earth?
The earth is small compared with the sun.
Although most islands in the ocean have been mapped, the ocean floor is generally unknown.
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
There is no new thing under the sun.
Without the light of the sun, we could see nothing.
Sunlight makes my room warm.
The solar altitude is degrees.
There's a lot of glare.
The sunshine tempted people out.
But for the heat of the sun, what would become of the living things on earth?
The heat of the sun hardens clay.
The sun has nine planets.
The sun doesn't always shine.
The sun glared down on us.
The sun was shining bright.
No matter how fair the sun shines, still it must set.
The sun was almost gone.
The sun was about to come up.
The sun has not risen yet.
The sun sank slowly below the horizon.
The sun is the brightest star.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun was burning in the sky.
The sun is much larger than the moon.
The sun is farther from the earth than the moon.
The sun is brighter than the moon.
The sun is larger than the moon.
The sun gives light and heat.
The sun gives us light and heat.
The sun furnishes heat and light.
The sun sends out light.
The sun was hidden by thick clouds.
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
The sun gives us heat and light.
The sun gives us heat and light every day.
The sun sometimes shone.
The sun is shining hot.
The sun always rises in the east.
The sun sends out an incredible amount of heat and light.
The sun is essential to life.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun is so distant from the earth.
The sun is 330,times as heavy as earth.
It was believed that the sun went around the earth.
The sun is about 1,000,times as large as the earth.
The sun makes the earth warm and light.
The sun went below the horizon.
The sun rose over the horizon.
The sun shines in the daytime and the moon at night.
The sun shines during the day.
The sun sets earlier in winter.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun was on the point of rising in the east.
The sun was blazing overhead.
The sun is a flaming ball.
The sun was shining brightly.
There are nine planets travelling around the sun, the earth being one of them.
Too many sun's rays are harmful to your skin.
I hope for a solar battery car.
Solar energy seems to offer more hope than any other source of energy, particularly because those areas most in need of water lie rather close to the equator and have a relatively clear atmosphere.
Taro, dinner's ready!
Would you lend me a hand, Taro?
Taro is not always here.
I am at a loss to know what Taro means.
Love grew between Taro and Hanako.
Taro and Hanako are going to get married next spring.
Taro's and Hanako's desk is small.
Please call me Taro.
Taro plays the guitar better than any other boy in his class.
Taro has lived in Obihiro for ten years.
Taro is the taller of the two boys.
Taro died two years ago.
Taro is the most famous of the three.
Taro stayed in Tokyo for three days.
Taro was in a hurry and left his wallet behind.
Taro is on the right side of his mother.
Taro is taller than any other boy in his class.
Taro has a low boiling point.
How fast Taro can run!
Taro will come here before long.
Taro is studying hard.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
Taro concentrated on memorizing English words.
Taro ordered some English conversation textbooks from London.
Taro is writing a term paper.
Taro passes for a scholar.
Taro drew 10,yen from the bank.
Taro had to eat dirt and resigned.
Taro speaks English better than I.
Taro insisted that he was right.
Taro enjoys the confidence of the president.
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
Taro bought a used car last week.
Taro weighs no less than kilograms.
Taro is very likely to pass the university entrance examination.
Taro asked after her father.
I'll have Tom go right away.
Next to Taro, Jiro is the tallest boy.
My mouth forms a lot of saliva.
It's against my rules to compromise.
There seems to be no possibility of compromise.
As soon as their meeting was over, they set to work.
The meeting was put off until next week.
I'm all out of tricks.
In the first place we must find a way out of this.
It is often difficult to see if a ball is in or out.
The batter was out.
I have a bruise.
His face was red and he felt hot and uncomfortable.
I have hot flashes.
I felt myself lifted up.
As Sadako grew weaker, she thought more about death.
I feel feverish.
My whole body feels heavy.
It's not healthy for you.
Feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
Feeling sick, he stayed in bed.
If you turn around, I'll fasten your dress for you.
I'm chilled to the bone.
My joints ache.
Big men are not always strong.
Now she was so weak, but the crane made Sadako feel stronger inside.
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature.
His body was covered with brown fur.
Would you like me to wipe your body?
Are you strapped in?
I washed myself and felt much better.
The physical fitness courses are required for everyone.
I injured myself during the physical education lesson.
Is physical education a required course?
There are a lot of students in the gym.
The gym is used for the ceremony.
It was announced that the athletic meet would be put off.
How did you do on sports day?
The athletic meeting has been postponed until the first fine day.
Body temperature is highest in the afternoon.
I took my temperature, but it was normal.
Let me take your temperature.
Did you take your temperature with a thermometer in your mouth?
I've gained five kilograms.
My pants are very loose because I've lost much weight.
I'm losing weight.
I'm gaining weight.
You've put on weight, haven't you?
I watch my weight very carefully.
I'm just worried about my weight.
May I ask you what your weight is?
If you want to lose weight, you should cut down on between-meal snacks.
I can easily give up chocolate to lose weight.
Stand on the scales.
Have you lost weight?
Conformity is an essential element of our homogeneous community.
Great bulk does not always mean great weight.
To calculate the volume, multiply the length by the width by the depth.
I like to see a gymnast do the giant swing on the high bar.
She was aching from head to foot.
My body itches all over.
I have aches and pains all over my body.
I have sore muscles all over my body.
He will come provided that he is well enough.
What do you do to stay in shape?
For appearances sake, I went.
I am exhausted.
You must eat properly to keep up your strength.
Try to build up your strength.
Save your strength.
Foreign trade brings in a large income.
I am glad it was someone else who got it.
There was a discussion on the measures.
Don't hold your rival cheap.
They wanted to negotiate the contract on equal terms.
I can't stand it.
Some children resort to suicide in order to escape from unbearable pressure.
Too much spoils, too little is nothing.
Where can I catch the bus for Obihiro?
I get annoyed when I am kept waiting.
She is a bit indignant about being kept waiting.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting.
Bored waiting or rushing off at full speed.
Am I waiting in the wrong place?
I'll wait for you.
I had not been waiting long before I heard footsteps coming upstairs.
The waiting car was big and black and shiny.
You can enjoy some recorded music while you wait.
There's no point in waiting.
I had not waited long before she turned up.
I had not waited long before Mary came.
We had not been waiting long when the moon appeared.
It was not long before she came.
There was nothing for it but to wait.
How long will it be?
A watched pot never boils.
Everything comes to him who waits.
It is a long road that has no turning.
The longer we waited, the more impatient we became.
The more he waited, the more irritated he became.
There were five patients in the waiting room.
I was scolded by my mother for being lazy.
If you are idle, you will have a hard time.
Avoid those men who are idle.
Those who are idle will fail.
You don't want to be lazy.
The lazy man frequently neglects his duties.
In the evening the idle man begins to be busy.
Those who are lazy will never pass.
Were it not for laziness, he might have been rich.
Idleness often accounts for poverty.
Laziness is my weak point.
Although it seemed like a lot of money to spend just because I was too lazy to cut my own lawn, I turned the whole thing over to him.
If it were not for his idleness, he would be a nice fellow.
Idle hands are the devil's tool.
Idleness leads to failure.
Idleness is only the refuge of weak minds.
Idleness leads to ruin.
All the workers who are lazy must be fired.
Judging from his manner, he is not suitable for this job.
While in England, I often referred to the guidebook for details of my journey.
How was your stay?
Permit me to stay.
Did you enjoy your visit?
What is the purpose of your visit?
My baby kicks very hard.
The moss is a delicate green fur on fallen logs and rocks, I say to myself.
There is a little money in the bag.
The bag was bursting with corn.
Turn your bag inside out.
Seldom does a loan come home laughing.
We have a house for rent.
Room for rent.
Do you have safety deposit boxes?
I want to charter a bus.
Short accounts make long friends.
What's included in the balance sheet?
The trumpets sounded the retreat.
Far from being bored, we had a very good time.
Far from being bored, I had a great time.
I am bored to death.
I'm stuck in a rut in my boring job and need to do something new.
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.
Skip the dull chapters.
You are expected to put out lamps and heaters before you leave the office.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
I've retired and I'm going to take it easy for a while.
I can't say I'm happy about retirement.
A farewell party was held in honor of the retiring executive.
Before he retired, he had handed over charge of his office.
Those who choose to retire can do so as early as sixty-two, although starting to draw their Social Security distributions at that age would mean that the payments would be reduced by twenty percent.
I bought a small lot on the hillside in Southern France where I plan to build a retirement home.
No wonder the retirement years are often referred to as the golden years.
I'd like to live a quiet life in the country after retirement.
The retired often feel that they are useless and unproductive.
Those approaching retirement age have the choice of working or not working.
The captain exercised the new recruits with long marches.
The captain ordered his men to fire.
The captain commanded the men to march on.
The captain ordered his men to gather at once.
The commanding officer marched, with soldiers following behind.
The commander was roaring at his soldiers.
The captain gave orders for a salute to be fired.
Men of the rank of captain and below live in this building.
Please list alternate dates.
Representative democracy is one form of government.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Algebra is my favorite subject.
An option is now under consideration.
Whoever the representative is from their division, treat him well.
The Representative Director supervises Directors' performance of duties.
Representatives made a major breakthrough in the trade talks.
You are supposed to come in person.
I must rid my kitchen of cockroaches.
Chase the cat out of the kitchen.
I helped my mother in the kitchen.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
I helped Mommy in the kitchen.
Don't you smell something burning in the kitchen?
I smell something burning in the kitchen.
It is in a kitchen.
They are in the kitchen.
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?
Is there a knife in the kitchen?
We had next to nothing in the kitchen.
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
There is a cat in the kitchen.
You must not come into the kitchen.
The lights in the kitchen burned all night.
There's a foul smell in the kitchen.
Clean up the kitchen.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
Who's responsible for this mess in the kitchen?
Typhoon No.is moving up north at twenty kilometers per hour.
Will Typhoon No. hit the Kyushu district?
Typhoon No.is approaching Shikoku.
The typhoon struck the city, causing great damage.
The typhoon made that difficult.
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.
It was announced that a typhoon was approaching Kyushu.
The typhoon gathered strength.
The typhoon claimed many lives.
The typhoon hit Tokyo.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
Little did I think there would be a typhoon.
We suffered heavy damage from the typhoon.
The typhoon did great damage to the rice crop.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
Much misery came about because of the typhoon.
The typhoon caused a tree to tumble on my yard.
They might have to cancel the flight because of the typhoon.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
The typhoon bared the tree of its fruit.
The typhoon caused damage in many areas.
The typhoon accounted for the closing of school.
The typhoon prevented us from going back to Tokyo.
The train was delayed for one hour on account of the typhoon.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
A typhoon prevented us from going on our trip to Okinawa.
We had no school on account of the typhoon.
The electricity failed during the typhoon.
The typhoon has lost its power.
The typhoon has done no harm.
The damage of the typhoon spread over several prefectures.
There was no electricity for two days in the aftermath of the typhoon.
Typhoons generally head for Japan.
The typhoon is gone.
The typhoon caused immeasurable damage.
The typhoon will approach the Kanto district around two in the afternoon.
The typhoon did not a little damage to the crops.
The typhoon did much damage to the crops.
The typhoon caused great damage to the crops.
The storm did a lot of damage to the crops.
The typhoon became weaker and changed into a storm.
The typhoon moved in a westerly direction.
The typhoon has done much harm.
The typhoon may cross the Tohoku district.
The typhoon left behind a trail of destruction.
The typhoon is gaining strength as it heads for Kyushu.
Typhoons bring about damage every year.
Please go over the script.
While I was in Taiwan, I made friends with him.
Taiwan was far from being any kind of economic miracle in the 1950s.
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.
Yawn a big long yawn.
I will be only too pleased to help you.
I want to have a full and enriching student-life.
This artwork excited much controversy in the world of art.
Large or small?
They rolled along the big road and they rolled along the little road until they were way out in the country.
Hey, Ayako, make your voice louder.
He was big and slow and silent.
How you've grown!
I want to be somebody when I grow up.
When I grow up, I want to be an English teacher.
What are you going to be when you grow up?
Eat your vegetables so that you will grow up to be big and strong.
The house is not impressive if you're thinking of size.
I am going to return this sweater because it's too big.
It's too loud.
I never drink unless there's a big event of some kind.
The big oak tree breaks the force of the wind.
A big canoe was cutting through the water.
We have a big supermarket.
They say that a huge dam will be built.
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.
It sometimes is the case that there is a lot of disagreement.
It has a big whirlpool and a strong current.
I was suddenly awakened by a loud noise.
It rang loudly.
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.
Large houses are expensive to live in.
I have a lot of baggage, so I can't walk home.
There's a big sign.
A big rock rose out of the sea.
A big rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
He was calm in the face of great danger.
I want to buy a large sized refrigerator.
The big building was blazing with lights.
A big dog is always beside him.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr Hill's house.
A man with a big dog came in.
The king left a large fortune behind.
Big events will come to pass.
The big car pulled up suddenly.
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
A big car drew up and a tall lady got out.
Big successes result from constant effort.
Don't raise your voice at me.
Could you speak up? I can't hear you.
Can you talk louder? I didn't hear you.
Please speak in a loud voice.
Raise a loud voice, then all goes wrong.
Snow fell in large flakes.
A broad river runs through the city.
A big ship is anchored near here.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
A loud noise made him jump.
A big typhoon is approaching.
A big typhoon is coming on.
A big spider was spinning a web.
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
Some large birds prey upon small birds and animals.
A big animal ran away from the zoo.
On large farms, cattle are usually marked with brands.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
Even in the case of a major disease, hope is a good weapon.
The loud noise gave me a terrible fright.
I'd like to run a big stock farm.
A big tree fell in the storm.
The big tree was struck by lightning.
To fly big passenger airliners calls for long training and experience.
Let's make a big circle.
No bones broken.
There were lots of people.
I'm about to kill the big boss.
I understand the general approach, but I'm afraid that I'm getting bogged down in the details.
Broadly speaking, dogs are more faithful than cats.
A captain is above a sergeant.
After the heavy rains, the river overflowed its banks.
The heavy rain kept us from going out.
The heavy rain prevented us from going out.
The river overflowed because of the heavy rain.
The river swelled rapidly because of the heavy rain.
The heavy rain made a mess of the bonsai.
The heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
Due to the heavy rain we were soaked to the skin.
They say we're going to get heavy rain.
Because of heavy rain my car broke down.
Because of the heavy rain, we were obliged to stay there.
The heavy rainfall has caused vegetable prices to rise daily for the last two months.
I had to take a taxi because the heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
The dam burst owing to the heavy rain.
Today's Tigers-Giants baseball game was called off due to heavy rain.
Trains stopped in consequence of the heavy rain.
The heavy rain kept the children in all day.
A heavy rain prevented me from going.
The heavy rain prevented me from going out.
The game was canceled because of heavy rain.
The heavy rains caused the river to flood.
The heavy rain made them put off their departure.
After the heavy rain, there was a big flood.
Taxis are few and far between during a rainstorm.
The heavy rain brought the flood, causing damage.
Can you take us to the British Museum?
It exploded with a loud noise.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
His income is too small to support his large family.
The pressures of supporting a big family are beginning to catch up with him.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.
Fish abounds in the ocean.
My first day in the university was rather boring.
The life in the university is significant.
I belong to a tennis club in my university.
What do you plan to major in in college?
What are you going to do in college?
Have you ever considered majoring in economics at college?
Entering a university is not the purpose of my life.
I've made a lot of friends since I entered college.
If I can get into university, I am hoping to learn to speak two foreign languages.
A university job would give you a lot more free time.
I am working to save for my college tuition.
The foundation of a college was her great ambition.
It has been her dream to be a university professor.
I saw a bright red Ferrari parked at the campus gates and my jaw just dropped.
The university decided to do away with this kind of examination.
University was a wonderful experience.
Our college is far from the station.
The college breaks up on Tuesday.
The college granted him a scholarship.
The college bestowed an honorary degree on him.
You have to go to college for four years.
I am not sure yet if I will go to a university or get a job.
It isn't futile to go to university.
Two young men fresh from college have joined us.
What do you want to do after you finish college?
I hope to be engaged in the export business after graduating from college.
I was asked by my uncle what I intended to be when I graduated from college.
Having graduated from college, she became a teacher.
It was five years ago that I graduated from college.
On finishing university, I started working right away.
After her graduation from college, she went over to the United States.
On graduating from college, she got married.
University education is designed to expand your knowledge.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
Where is the registrar's office?
If I had studied English harder when I was at college, I could travel abroad at any time.
I took an English newspaper when I was in college.
Looking back on our college days, it seems as if they were a century ago.
My sister, a university student, won first prize in the speech contest.
I am a university student.
Are you a college student?
He passes for a college student.
The number of college students is increasing.
What percentage of the students are admitted to colleges?
Generally speaking, college students have more free time than high school students.
College students should study hard, but equally they should also make time for an active social life.
Make the most of your college life.
The number of unemployed college graduates amounts to more than 4000.
The University Administration decided to set up a branch campus in New York.
They sweated gallons.
The large firms in the industry call all the shots.
He's tickled pink.
I am only too glad to do so.
She was kicking up her heels with delight.
We did it with the greatest pleasure.
I haven't heard anyone call him a late bloomer in a while. But I do wonder when he's going to grow up.
The atmosphere is being polluted.
The atmosphere surrounds the earth.
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
The problems of air and water pollution will be intensified by the growth of inhabitants.
Even the upper atmosphere is polluted.
There are four major parts to the atmospheric problem: observation, understanding, prediction, and control.
The atmosphere forms a major part of the environment to which life responds.
The city has no rival for polluted air.
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal.
Air pollution prevents some plants from growing well.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this country.
Smoke issuing from chimneys is a cause of air pollution.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
Air pollution is a serious global problem.
We have to take steps to prevent air pollution.
Large-scale road construction began.
Large-scale surface currents are already known to exist, and major currents below the ocean surface, too, are being found.
The great fish eat the small.
They run the university with a view to making a lot of money.
If you have a lot of money, you will become afraid.
Large cars use lots of gas.
It's love-it-or-hate-it stuff.
They're my favorite.
It is duck soup for a carpenter to construct a chicken coop for his son.
After one or two large factories have been built in or near a town, people come to find work, and soon an industrial area begins to develop.
A massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
The massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
The big nations should not interfere with the smaller nations.
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots.
How far is it from Osaka to Kyoto?
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita?
Mr. Obama wants to move to Tokyo from Osaka.
It was raining heavily in Osaka.
It snowed in Osaka.
How will you travel to Osaka?
How long have you been staying in Osaka?
He lives in Osaka.
On arriving in Osaka, he went straight to the hotel.
Please let me know when you come to Osaka.
The population of Osaka is larger than of Kobe.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
It's hard to catch words in the Osakan dialect.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
Two roundtrip tickets to Osaka, please.
Could you tell me how to get to Osaka station?
The last flight for Osaka has been canceled.
Can I get a connecting flight to Osaka?
Can I reserve a flight to Osaka?
How many flights to Osaka do you offer a day?
The population of Osaka City is larger than that of Kyoto City.
Thank you very much for everything while working for the Osaka branch.
Roughly speaking, there were about people in the bus.
The mountains have brought forth a mouse.
A calamity was avoided by sheer luck.
I'm all for it.
The ambassador is responsible for the assignment.
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.
The ambassador is leaving Japan tonight.
The embassy denied political asylum to foreign refugees.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
I need it ASAP.
What is important is to keep this in mind.
The important thing is to call the police at once.
The important thing is whether you do your best or not.
It was careless of you to lose the important documents.
You may only borrow my camera if you are careful with it.
Great works are perfumed not by strength but by perseverance.
The majority of big banks are introducing this system.
His health was the forfeit of heavy drinking.
Taishukan advertised it would publish a new dictionary.
I feel as if I were aboard a great ship.
People who are made much of by the public are not always those who most deserve it.
Public opinion governs the president's decisions.
The public interest was directed at his judgement.
The public neglected his genius for many years.
The masses are entirely ignorant of the segregation problem.
The people are like children: they must smash everything to see what is inside.
The masses rose against the dictator.
You've really helped me a lot.
The general decided to launch an offensive against the enemy camp.
You'll get used to it soon.
Never mind, I can do it by myself.
It's nothing to get upset about.
I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
Come on, it'll be all right.
I can assure you that honesty pays in the long run.
You can rely on me.
He is sure to succeed.
Believe me, this is the right way.
They may even ask if you are all right or if there is something they can help you with.
Are you all right?
Government ministers are certain to welcome such proposals.
The minister approved the building plans.
The minister refused to give an interview to the reporters.
The Minister had to face a barrage of questions from the press.
The minister is to visit Mexico next week.
Two adults, please.
Only adults can see this film.
It is no use quarreling with grown-ups.
You can smoke a pipe when you grow up.
I aim to be a doctor when I grow up.
Some people think talking back to an adult is rude.
From an adult's one-sided point of view, children's attitudes often seem to be disobedient.
They take this negative way of protesting against adult domination.
Older people often fear change.
What is the maximum dosage for an adult?
Adults and children alike would like to see the movie.
It is impudent of you to make fun of adults.
The people were evacuated because of the flood.
The large audience clapped at the end of the song.
A number of passengers were injured.
A number of people were drowned.
A large number of people visit the historic site.
A lot of people applied for the job.
I saw many people hurrying toward the ball park.
There were a lot of people waiting for the bus.
We're filled to the rafters.
A lot of people work on farms.
A great many students were absent from school.
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.
Crying out, the little girl was looking for her mother.
You must not speak loudly.
Stop talking loudly.
I call out in a loud voice but there is no reply.
He shouted himself hoarse.
The Atlantic Ocean separates America from Europe.
We flew across the Atlantic.
A long time ago, most people lived in groups that moved around as the seasons changed.
In early days pioneers lived in houses made of mud and straw.
Now, this is really important.
The important thing is you will talk with your teacher about it.
What is important is not what you do, but the way you do it.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
The important thing is not to win but to take part.
The important thing is to listen carefully.
It's not what you say, but what you do that counts.
What is important is not which university you've graduated from but what you've learned in the university.
The important thing is not to win the game, but to take part in it.
The important thing is to have your own hobby.
It is quality, not quantity that counts.
Please don't leave valuable things here.
I'm about to tell you something important.
I'll treasure it.
The traffic was interrupted by the heavy snow.
A heavy snow kept us from going to school.
The heavy snowfall blocked the roads.
The heavy snow made them put off their departure.
The train was delayed on account of a heavy snow.
Heavy snow prevented the train from departing.
The heavy snow prevented me from going out.
It often happens that railway traffic is suspended by a heavy snowfall.
Because of the heavy snow, the railroad traffic has been interrupted.
