 Can you play any musical instruments?
 Have you got any baggage?
 Do you hear any sound?
 Please give me something to drink.
 Give me something to drink.
 Will you give me something to drink?
 Can I get you something to drink?
 May I have something to drink?
 I want something to drink.
 I'd like something to drink.
 Would you like to drink anything?
 Are you implying something?
 Do you have an opinion?
 You must persevere before you can accomplish anything great.
 What is the matter with you?
 Did you eat anything bad?
 Something bad may happen to him.
 Something wrong was about to happen.
 You don't seem to understand how difficult it is for young people today to believe in something.
 To record something, they used knotted cords made of the wool of the llama or alpaca.
 If you say that you cannot help doing something, you mean you cannot prevent or avoid it.
 Give me a ring if you find out anything.
 What shall I begin with?
 Do you have any good news?
 Come what may, we must do our duty.
 Before buying anything, you had better ask yourself whether you cannot do without it.
 Do you have any further questions to ask?
 I'll let you know if anything comes up.
 Show me some others.
 What did Bell invent?
 Is there anything else you want me to do?
 What was invented by Bell?
 Do you have any pets?
 I'll give you a present.
 I'm afraid there's been some awful news.
 The doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support.
 Complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment.
 Can't we use a simile here?
 I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
 What is missing?
 Something's got to give.
 Would you like anything to eat?
 What made you so dissatisfied?
 What is in the desk?
 What makes you so dissatisfied?
 Don't you have anything to do?
 What is over there?
 Do you play any sports?
 Did you make anything I can start on now?
 I have to do something.
 Something must be done!
 Let's play something.
 What would you like to do while you're here?
 If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
 Will you leave a message?
 Do you have anything further to say?
 Lend me something with which to cut this.
 Something stinks here.
 Lend me something with which to cut the string.
 Be sure to get in touch with me, if there is anything I can do for you.
 Don't you smell something burning in the next room?
 I felt something crawling on my back.
 I heard something fall to the ground.
 Something went off with a loud noise.
 I felt something touch my feet.
 If anything is sacred the human body is sacred.
 I smell something burning.
 I felt something crawling up my arm.
 Something is being looked for.
 It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.
 Has anything strange happened?
 Something happened and he couldn't keep his promise.
 I hope I can be of some help to you.
 Can I do anything for you?
 I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help.
 What shall I do for you?
 If you find an interesting book, please buy it for me.
 Lend me something interesting to read.
 You should put something in your stomach before you go.
 Do we have anything I can snack on?
 Go and see for yourself what has happened.
 Something strange caught my eye.
 What makes you laugh like that?
 Press the red button if something strange happens.
 What are you laughing at? It's a fact. No kidding!
 What do you suggest?
 I feel that something is wrong.
 Have you found any good solution?
 I need some good advice.
 I had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen.
 What's the good news?
 What kind of part-time job do you have?
 What made you come here?
 I will be glad, if I can be of any service to you.
 I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
 Is there anything you can do?
 What led you to believe so?
 Is there anything that I can do for you?
 I wish that I could give you something.
 What is it that "isn't only you"?
 Nothing can ever stagger her belief.
 Nothing will stop his going.
 What prevented you from coming to the concert?
 I shall not change my mind, whatever happens.
 Hey, what happened?
 Please keep me informed.
 If something happens, feel free to call me.
 I have some idea of what happened.
 What is happening?
 Please tell me what happened off the record, of course.
 Is anything up?
 Anything new?
 Did you notice any change?
 Well, you have only to ask for his help.
 There is no point in pretending to be sick.
 We cannot conceive science without a hypothesis.
 I have false nearsightedness.
 Attached is the tentative agenda.
 You'll need a temporary bridge.
 If it were to rain tomorrow, the match would be postponed.
 If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
 Were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
 If the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't change my mind.
 What would you do if war were to break out?
 If I were to be born again, I would be a musician.
 If I were to tell you the truth, you would be surprised.
 If I should be late getting home, please don't wait up for me.
 If we were to live on the moon, how large would the earth look?
 Were I to die, who would look after my children?
 If I were you, I would go home and take a good rest.
 Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
 Granted that you are right, we still have to persuade him first.
 If I were to go abroad, I would go to France.
 If he wants to succeed at all, he must work harder.
 Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
 Suppose that pigeons have something in their heads which can feel the power lines.
 Granting that it is so, what follows?
 If I were to tell you the whole truth, you would be amazed.
 If UFOs were to attack the earth, what would become of us?
 Fossil fuels won't be available forever.
 I got a rash from cosmetics.
 Fossil fuel prices shot through the roof.
 Ayako's skin is sensitive to chemicals.
 Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exports.
 Chemical companies are waiting until everything dies down before reinvesting.
 I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
 I would like to consider the implications we can draw from the application of Emmet's theory to chemistry.
 He is a mean fellow.
 Here's some medicine for diarrhea.
 I have a touch of diarrhea.
 I have diarrhea.
 My lower abdomen feels bloated.
 He haunts the lowest resorts.
 Did you do your homework? The meeting is only two days away.
 I got soaked to the skin.
 You can wear your undershirt.
 Translate the underlined part.
 Correct the underlined words.
 Translate the underlined sentences.
 The drain is running freely.
 The drains are blocked up.
 The boarders are now away on vacation.
 A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
 Take care not to make a foolish move.
 A bad workman complains of his tools.
 A bad workman always blames his tools.
 We wish to advise you of the following price reductions.
 We shipped the following to you last week.
 I'd like a quote on the following.
 Simply follow the instructions below, and in no time you will be printing full color documents just as easily and quickly as black and white.
 The Representative said he will put a brake on spending.
 The House cut the budget for foreign aid.
 The Congressmen rammed the bill through committee.
 Go downstairs and have a wash.
 See below.
 Can you see something red down below?
 Sign at the bottom, please.
 Turn down the volume, please.
 Reading aloud was a great effort to him.
 What passion cannot music raise and quell?
 I hope there are some music clubs.
 I am interested in listening to music.
 Not a sound was to be heard in the concert hall.
 The concert was well attended.
 The concert was a great success.
 The concert will take place next Sunday.
 The concert concluded with the national anthem.
 There were many late arrivals at the concert.
 The musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away.
 A musician can appreciate small differences in sounds.
 Musicians are usually sensitive to criticism.
 Did you come from a musical family?
 The musician left his family poor.
 Do you know when the musician will come here?
 Who that understands music could say his playing was good?
 I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
 I cheered myself up by listening to music.
 Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
 It is a lot of fun to listen to music.
 Do you like listening to music or singing songs?
 I listen to music.
 Let's listen to some music.
 Music has settled her nerves.
 Music has charms to soothe a savage breast.
 Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
 Music gives sound to fury, shape to joy.
 Music feeds our imagination.
 Music is a common speech for humanity.
 Music gratifies the ears.
 Music makes our life happy.
 The music added to our enjoyment.
 Music affords us much pleasure.
 Music surrounds our lives like air.
 Music moves the feelings.
 Are you fond of music?
 Nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music.
 Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
 The importance of music is underrated.
 You have good taste in music.
 Musical talent usually blooms at an early age.
 Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
 Talent for music runs in their blood.
 Who that understands music could say his playing is good?
 How do I fix the volume?
 Music is universal.
 They were dancing with the music.
 With regards to music, he is one of the most famous critics.
 Tastes in music vary from person to person.
 Music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life.
 Talking of music, what kind of music do you like?
 When it comes to music I have no ear for it.
 In music or speaking, a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect.
 The music made the show.
 I hear music.
 He yields to nobody in love of music.
 Above the music, I could hear her crying.
 Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
 If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
 Still waters run deep.
 No music, no life.
 Don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away.
 Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
 Don't make a noise.
 Can you keep the noise down?
 Leaves were dropping silently to the ground.
 The noise was deadened by the insulation.
 The music gradually died away.
 The noise grew fainter, till it was heard no more.
 The sound became fainter and fainter, till at last it disappeared.
 Sound travels very quickly.
 A talking dictionary is no longer a fantasy.
 Silent waters run deep.
 There are a few yachts on the calm sea.
 The thermometer reads three degrees below zero.
 The thermometer stood at degrees centigrade.
 The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
 The thermometer stood at degrees.
 The thermometer reads 10C.
 The thermometer stands at 70.
 What is the temperature?
 It is difficult to adapt oneself to sudden changes of temperature.
 The temperature falls.
 Many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate.
 The hot spring will do you good.
 They say you should consult the past if you want to learn about the future. History has a lot to teach us.
 Can I fix you a hot drink?
 There's nothing like a good hot bath.
 I want to eat warm soup.
 Let's eat while the food is warm.
 I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
 It is beneath my dignity to ask a favor.
 You bit the hand that fed you.
 Wholesale prices had been basically flat.
 The wholesalers might try to back out of the deal.
 Don't put me in the same class with them.
 Don't fall in love because we hate you still.
 Cleanse me! Release me! Set me free!
 You left me in despair.
 Do you enjoy making me feeling like the dead?
 Don't make light of me.
 I guess I've reached the age where I have to dispense advice to my underlings.
 Am I slipping?
 Was I really boring?
 I have her in my pocket.
 I gotta keep on movin'.
 How should I know?
 I never hear anything.
 I am just a castaway on an island lost at sea.
 I will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department.
 I think you and he wanna be alone.
 I'm a free man.
 I'm living in the city.
 Was I wrong?
 I don't wanna clean up dog shit.
 I am incomplete.
 I'm a hero.
 I cried all night long.
 I'm a zero.
 I gotta try to do my best.
 I play in a band.
 I have a strong backhand.
 There's nothing I can do.
 I'm playing a TV game.
 Alone in this world I'll be.
 Boy I, I really must have passed out.
 I've got something on you.
 I'm not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else.
 I'm just a boy who makes mistakes.
 You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
 I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
 Be my right-hand man.
 Don't play hard to get with me.
 Don't worry about me.
 I waver in my mind, a place just for me.
 Won't you hear my thoughts?
 Don't put it on my desk.
 My love has gone far away.
 My papa said no.
 Leave me alone!
 I love that chair.
 It's my CD.
 Let me handle this.
 Are you talking to me?
 Keep away from me.
 It suits me.
 My job search is really going rough. I don't have any connections.
 I'm so unimportant and insignificant.
 I can hear the sound in your mind.
 I can't do it.
 I have a card up my sleeve.
 You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
 I am a lucky budgie, aren't I?
 If I were prime minister, I'd give Clinton a good talking to.
 I feel something.
 It's you I'll always love.
 Do you find it funny that I feel this way?
 I have chubby fingers, so I can't use a small keyboard.
 I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.
 I'd rather go by train. I have a license, but no real driving experience, so I'm not very sure of myself behind the wheel.
 Lady Otohime gave Urashima Taro a beautiful Tamate-box.
 He makes young girls' hearts flutter.
 Any result obtained through the execution of the Commissioned Business shall belong to each party hereto.
 Oysters don't agree with me.
 His bread is buttered on both sides.
 Cowards die many times before their deaths.
 With a weak beat, it continues to bleed.
 The timid man trembled with fear.
 It was too nice a day to stay inside.
 You can see for miles from the roof.
 Let's clear out the attic.
 He says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic.
 Dust had accumulated in the attic.
 There's ample room in the attic.
 The roof was damaged by the storm.
 The roof is really in need of repair.
 The roof was blown off by the explosion.
 The roof is shining in the sun.
 The roof was torn off by the gale.
 The roof declines at a sharp angle.
 The roof was dripping.
 We have to clear the snow off the roof.
 That house, the roof of which is red, is my uncle's.
 Look at the house with the red roof.
 I saw the moon above the roof.
 I see a bird on the roof.
 The bird on the roof is a crow.
 I cleared the roof of snow.
 What is the name of the building whose roof you can see?
 The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
 Rain was pattering on the roof.
 The staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow, steep, and dark.
 What is that building with the green roof?
 The house whose roof is green is mine.
 The house with the damaged roof has been repaired.
 That's Tom's house with the red roof.
 The tile which fell from the roof broke into pieces.
 We saw the bird when we visited Okinawa.
 How many hours does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
 Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
 Okinawa has a fine climate all year round.
 How long does it take to reach Okinawa?
 Is Okayama a big city?
 I've never been beyond Okayama.
 Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
 There is a yellow rose.
 The king turned out to be naked.
 There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed.
 The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
 The King invited not only us but also a lot of other people.
 The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
 The king went hunting this morning.
 The queen stood beside the king.
 The princess couldn't help laughing at him.
 The royal wedding was a great spectacle.
 The royal family lives in the Imperial Palace.
 The prince bowed down to Snow White.
 The prince was changed into a frog.
 The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
 The prince was changed into a tree by magic.
 The prince was turned by magic into a frog.
 The prince has set out on a long journey.
 The prince was lost in the woods.
 The prince made it known all over the land that he would marry the poor girl.
 The prince was confined in the castle for three years.
 The prince succeeded to the throne.
 Kingdoms and small countries then developed.
 I succeed to the throne.
 There was a time when kings and queens reigned over the world.
 The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
 The king created him a peer.
 The king crushed his enemies.
 The king was famous for his splendid palace.
 The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
 The king exacted taxes from his people.
 The king was executed.
 The king ruled his kingdom justly.
 The king imposed heavy taxes on his people.
 The king abused his power.
 The king was stripped of his power.
 The king was shorn of his power.
 The King was assaulted by terrorists.
 The king was greatly entertained by the music.
 The king subjected all the tribes to his rule.
 Kings have long arms.
 What the king says is always absolute.
 The royal palace was built on a hill.
 Mr. Oh came to Japan to study Japanese.
 Mr Wang is from China.
 The king governed the country.
 In Europe and America, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
 In Europe and America they regard the dog as a member of the family.
 European currencies weakened against the dollar.
 The EC's Twelve are working out a compromise on farm-price.
 Learning lessons from Europe, Japan has to switch its economic-oriented policy to a consumer-conscious one, in order to cope with the coming unprecedented aging society towards the 21st century.
 Is this the right way to Yokohama Station?
 Yokohama is a beautiful port town.
 Yokohama is one of the largest cities in Japan.
 Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
 Yokohama is the city in Japan with the second largest population.
 The population of Yokohama is larger than that of Osaka.
 Yokohama is a city where more than three million people live.
 A car lying on its side blocked the passage.
 I sleep on my side.
 Lie down and rest for a while.
 Lie down and make yourself comfortable.
 We found the beds quite comfortable.
 Don't cut in with your remarks.
 Push the button, please.
 The door gave to my pressure.
 Push the door open.
 Please fill in the application form and send it back by November 2nd.
 Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
 Applicants were requested to submit their resumes.
 Applicants must be under thirty years old.
 Apply within.
 I need first aid.
 Is there anybody who knows first aid?
 I want to go and cheer.
 Please back me up!
 I'm really irritable lately. My favorite soccer team is in a slump.
 Did you buy a round trip ticket?
 I bought a round-trip ticket.
 What's the round-trip fare?
 I got slapped on both cheeks.
 Round trip or one-way?
 Is your wife a good cook?
 How's your wife?
 Please say hello to your wife for me.
 Send my greetings to your wife.
 May I take your size, madam?
 I'd like to speak to the lady of the household.
 Where's your better half?
 My back tooth has chipped.
 How is the wife?
 How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
 His wife leads him by the nose.
 Please say hello to your wife.
 After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
 It's an awful shame your wife couldn't come.
 When his wife died, he received dozens of letters of sympathy.
 I think his wife is going out of town.
 Your wife is mad at you.
 Imagine that you have a wife.
 My nephew was accustomed to sitting up late.
 A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
 Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
 As a result of pollution, the lake is without any form of life.
 Pollution is damaging our earth.
 Down with corrupt politicians.
 Shall I help you with washing-up?
 Please clean the dirty floor.
 Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
 You may take the book home so long as you don't get it dirty.
 You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
 Don't handle my books with dirty hands.
 You should clean your dirty room.
 When the trusted confidant of the person who conducted a hostile takeover of the company betrayed him, it was a sort of retributive justice.
 I saw a dirty dog coming into the garden.
 Don't wash your dirty linen in public.
 Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
 How do you feel?
 Salt water is more buoyant than fresh water.
 Did you put in any salt?
 Would you be kind enough to pass the salt?
 Pass me the salt, please.
 Will you pass me the salt?
 If you are done with the salt, please pass it to me.
 Pass me the salt, will you?
 Would you pass me the salt?
 Can you pass me the salt, please?
 He asked me to pass him the salt.
 Would you pass me the salt, please?
 The addition of salt greatly improved the flavor.
 The excessive use of salt should be taboo.
 Could you pass me the salt, please?
 Please pass me the salt.
 Pass me the salt, would you?
 Would you pass the salt, please?
 Salt is necessary for a cook.
 Salt is necessary for cooking.
 Salt is a useful substance.
 Salt is sold by weight.
 Salt is used to season food.
 Salt helps stop food from perishing.
 Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
 Salt preserves fish from decay.
 We cannot do without salt even for a single day.
 Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
 We season with salt.
 I wanted some salt, but there was none in the jar.
 Is there any salt left?
 There is no salt left.
 He should have bought some pencils.
 Put down your pencil.
 Put down your pencil and listen to me.
 May I use your pencil? Any one will do.
 How many dozen pencils do you have?
 I bought a dozen pencils today.
 I've lost my pencil.
 I have lost my pencil.
 Have you got a pencil?
 Pencils are sold by the dozen.
 The point of the pencil has become dull.
 Please write with a pencil.
 Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
 Please write your name with a pencil.
 I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
 My pencil fell off the edge of my desk.
 Please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper.
 Lead bends easily.
 Which is heavier, lead or gold?
 Thank you very much for coming so far as see me off.
 How kind you are to come all the way to see me off!
 Thank you very much for coming so far to see me off.
 Go ahead and talk.
 Please feel free to use my dictionary.
 Please feel free to ask me questions.
 Please feel free to express yourself.
 I'll give you a piece of my mind.
 Please help yourself to the cake.
 Don't be shy about talking to the teacher; if you don't understand, use some initiative!
 Never hesitate to have time off whenever you want.
 Don't hold back.
 Don't hesitate to ask for advice.
 Not really. I like hiking better than fishing.
 We were glad when we saw a light in the distance.
 We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance.
 We saw a castle in the distance.
 We saw a little light in the distance.
 I saw a town in the distance.
 In the distance there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
 We can see the island in the distance.
 It's hard to get to by bike because it's far away.
 The picnic was called off because of the rain.
 The picture looks strange because it has no perspective.
 I'm afraid my depth perception is very poor.
 Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
 Don't beat about the bush.
 Don't beat around the bush; tell me who is to blame.
 Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
 Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.
 Instead of beating around the bush, Jones got straight to the point.
 I sounded him out about his views.
 I had not gone far before it began to rain.
 We had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck.
 We can see distant objects with a telescope.
 Distant things look blurred.
 I saw a house in the distance.
 Reach out and touch someone.
 I saw a light far away.
 I saw land in the distance.
 We can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.
 Mt. Fuji could be seen in the distance.
 I saw a light in the distance.
 I could see Tokyo Tower far away.
 We saw an island in the distance.
 We saw the tower in the distance.
 We saw a bird in the distance.
 We could see the lights of the town in the distance.
 We could see the ship in the distance.
 I saw a cottage in the distance.
 Shots were heard in the distance.
 We saw a mountain in the distance.
 You can see the ancient ruins in the distance.
 A church spire could be seen in the distance.
 A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
 There was something moving in the distance.
 We saw a dim light in the distance.
 I made out a tower in the distance.
 I heard it thunder in the distance.
 Little lights were blinking on and off in the distance.
 We heard shots in the distance.
 They heard a gun go off in the distance.
 We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
 Can you see far?
 I heard someone calling me from a distance.
 I saw a figure approaching in the distance.
 Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
 Seen from a distance, it looked like a human face.
 Seen from a distance, the rock looked like a human face.
 Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
 Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
 Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
 Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
 The small island looked like a tortoise from a distance.
 In the distance you can see Mt. Fuji through the morning mist.
 We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
 There were almost no railroads out west.
 Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me.
 I heard a dog barking in the distance.
 Marriage is made in heaven.
 Don't say such a thing.
 We sprinkle salt for purification.
 Marriages are made in heaven.
 It's bad luck to say that.
 Even the worthy Homer sometimes nods.
 He is an unsung hero.
 Monkeys climb trees.
 Don't be a copycat.
 He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
 Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.
 The monkeys are grooming each other.
 It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
 A monkey is climbing up a tall tree.
 The forest is teeming with monkeys.
 A chimney carries smoke from a fireplace to the outside.
 The chimney began to give out smoke.
 Black smoke came out of the chimney.
 Smoke was rising from the chimney.
 Smoke is rising from the chimney.
 The smoke poured out of the chimney.
 Keep your cigarettes dry.
 Please put your cigarette out.
 Smoking is a bad habit.
 Too much smoking tends to injure the voice.
 Avoid smoking excessively.
 You'd better break off smoking.
 Smoking is harmful to your health.
 How many cigarettes am I allowed to take back duty free?
 I have a sore throat because of too much smoking.
 Will you give me a light?
 Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
 Smoking began to tell on his health.
 The smoke ascended into the air.
 The smoke went upward through the chimney.
 There is no fire without smoke.
 Where there is smoke, there is fire.
 The smoke made our eyes water.
 I can't be around smoke.
 The smoke blew away.
 The smoke is rising in the air.
 Turn the flame down low.
 Fire devoured the forest.
 The concert began with a piano solo.
 Concert tickets are on sale at this office.
 There was a large audience at the concert.
 After the concert, the crowd made for the nearest door.
 The concert is about to start.
 I'm all in a dither about the concert.
 The audience clapped when the concert was over.
 The performance was almost over.
 It's a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech.
 The speaker tried to incite the people to rebellion.
 The speaker aroused the anger of the audience.
 The speaker swaggered into the lecture hall.
 François gave a speech.
 The speaker banged the table with his fist.
 I had little time to prepare the speech.
 A person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him.
 The speaker should stand where everyone can see him.
 I got more and more bored as the speech went on.
 We're going to the theater.
 I'd like to see a play. Do you have any information?
 Do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
 Action!
 The coast was warned against a tsunami.
 Sail along the coast.
 Nobody else offered to help.
 His pride didn't allow him to ask for help.
 I need somebody to help me.
 I am very grateful to you for your help.
 Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
 There was a continuous line of cars.
 Procrastination is the thief of time.
 The banquet was in full swing.
 And the master of the banquet tested the water that had been turned into wine.
 Gardening has been popular for some years.
 Can you give me the definition of a cone?
 The Maruyama river flows through Kinosaki.
 Maruyama Park is a place where a lot of people gather.
 The strong yen was advantageous to our company.
 The strong yen is acting against Japan's export industry.
 How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
 The strong yen was a fatal blow to the company.
 The yen is rising and the dollar is falling.
 The influence of the strong yen on the Japanese economy has become very serious.
 The yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
 Does depreciation of the yen give rise to inflation?
 Draw a circle.
 The yen is still low against the dollar.
 Can I exchange yen for dollars here?
 I exchanged yen for dollars.
 Is there a bank where I can exchange yen for dollars?
 Please exchange yen for dollars.
 The yen is weaker than the dollar.
 The yen rose to the dollar.
 The yen appreciated percent against the dollar.
 The yen was revalued upward against the U.S. dollar from a rate of yen against the dollar to yen on December 18, 1971.
 The value of the yen has risen greatly.
 The value of the yen has soared.
 I'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
 The yen is expected to lose value against the dollar.
 The bookstore across from the station is very large.
 I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
 There is a bank in front of the station.
 There is a large parking lot in front of the station.
 A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
 I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
 I got a taxi in front of the station.
 It's foolish taking a taxi when you can easily walk to the station.
 It's too far to walk to the station, so let's take a bus.
 It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
 How long does it take to walk to the station?
 Shall we walk to the station?
 It's an hour's walk to the station.
 It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
 We ran on as far as the station.
 I had to run to the station.
 Can you give me a ride to the station?
 Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
 Will you give me a lift to the station?
 Could you give me a lift to the train station?
 How long will it take me to walk to the station?
 It is no more than a mile to the station.
 It's a long way to the station.
 It's about ten minutes to the station by bus.
 How far is it to the station?
 The station is pretty far.
 It is more than kilometers to the station.
 I rode with her as far as the station.
 Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
 Will you tell me the way to the station?
 Please be so kind as to show me the way to the station.
 I don't feel up to running to the station.
 It will take me minutes to get to the station by taxi.
 I managed to catch the o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
 I'll show you to the station.
 We arranged that a car meet you at the station.
 I'll accompany you to the station.
 I will go along with you as far as the station.
 Can you give me a lift to the station?
 Allow an hour to get to the station.
 It takes you an hour to go to the station on foot.
 Could you give me a ride to the station?
 It took five minutes to get to the station.
 I got to the station only to find that the train had just left.
 Arriving at the station, he found his train gone.
 I have been to the station.
 Would you please tell me the way to the station?
 Please show me the way to the station.
 Could you tell me the way to the station?
 I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
 I was caught in a shower on my way to the station.
 How can I get to the station?
 Could you tell me how to get to the station?
 How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
 Is this the right way to the station?
 Can you tell me how to get to the station?
 On arriving at the station, I went to see my uncle at his office.
 The station is a little way off.
 The station is the middle of the city.
 The station is to the west of the hotel.
 Where is the railroad station?
 The station is situated in between the two towns.
 The station is near at hand.
 The station is nearby.
 The station is dead ahead.
 The station is about three miles from here.
 The station is a ten minute drive from here.
 The station is near here. You'll be in time for the train.
 The station is not far from here.
 The station is two miles away.
 The station is meters away.
 You pay for the convenience of living near a station.
 There is a post office in front of the station.
 There is a fountain in front of the station.
 Wherever you go, you see a lot of bicycles left on sidewalks near stations.
 It is a great convenience to live near a station.
 Is there a bank near the station?
 There is a taxi stand near the station.
 There's one just near the station.
 The train started before we got to the station.
 The moment she arrived at the station, she phoned her mother.
 On arriving at the station, I called a friend of mine.
 On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
 On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
 On my arrival at the station, I will call you.
 The sky had become threatening before I got to the station.
 Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
 Arriving at the station, she called up her brother.
 Arriving at the station, I found my train gone.
 The train had already started when I got to the station.
 It was snowing when I reached the station.
 As I reached the station, I got off the bus.
 When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
 The train was just on the point of starting when I got to the station.
 We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
 Could you tell me the way to the station, please?
 I'll show you the way to the station.
 I ran into an old classmate of mine on my way to the station.
 We needed a taxi to take us to the station.
 Please tell me which bus to take to get to the station.
 I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station.
 Can you pick me up at the station?
 Please come to meet me at the station.
 Although it was a long way back to the station, little by little the old wagon drew near.
 You can go to the station by bus.
 Buses run between the station and the airport.
 I bought a box lunch at the station.
 Please wait for me at the station.
 Please drop me off at the station.
 I ran into my old teacher at the station.
 We ran into each other at the station.
 Will you wait for us at the station?
 I met with an old friend of mine at the station.
 An American spoke to me at the station.
 I met a certain gentleman at the station.
 I'll drop you off at the station.
 Who did you see at the station?
 The man you met at the station is my father.
 I waited for him at the station for an hour, but he didn't show up.
 I called my mother up from the station.
 Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
 It took only about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station by car.
 It takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school.
 It was a good five kilometers from the station to the school.
 The office for disease control reported a percent spread.
 An epidemic has broken out.
 Liquids are heavier than gases.
 You can't see too well with these LCD displays.
 A sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
 The satellite is now in orbit.
 Where is the sanitary section?
 Some satellites have exploded or collided.
 The satellite is in orbit around the moon.
 Like knows like.
 Who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long.
 No man is a hero to his valet.
 The first man that succeed in swimming the Channel was Captain Webb.
 Some English words derive from Japanese.
 Do a composition exercise, please.
 The best way to master English composition is to keep a diary in English.
 What a big mistake you made in your English composition!
 The English are a taciturn people.
 England proper does not include Wales.
 The English ambassador demanded to meet with the President directly.
 Englishmen rarely talk to strangers in the train.
 British people are used to standing in queues.
 The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
 Englishmen are the heirs of liberty.
 An Englishman is an alien in the United States.
 The English are generally a conservative people.
 Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
 The English are a great nation.
 The English have adopted many words from French.
 Some people say that English politeness is, at bottom, really fear.
 As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
 I hear it takes time to make friends with the English people.
 Please behave like an English gentleman.
 Elizabeth II is the Queen of England.
 Have you ever been to Britain?
 Alfred, King of England, was a great scholar as well as a great ruler.
 Many immigrants to Britain have come from Asia.
 England established many colonies.
 England expects that every man will do his duty.
 Great Britain is no longer in control of world politics.
 Britain is separated from the Continent by the Channel.
 In the United Kingdom changed its currency to the decimal system.
 English law prohibits children under from buying cigarettes.
 The South East region of England is densely populated.
 Britain's currency crisis has turned into a political one over government failure to stop the pound from going into free-fall.
 In the imperial measurement system, four quarts equals one gallon.
 London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
 The English poet Percy Shelley went so far as to call hell a city much like London.
 The English sovereign is generally said to reign but not rule.
 The climate of England is not so mild as that of Japan, but in summer it is much cooler.
 They have few earthquakes in England.
 Unlike Great Britain, the Upper House in the United States is an elected body.
 In England, Labor Day is in May.
 The queen reigns, but does not rule in England.
 In Great Britain the king reigns, but does not govern.
 They drink a good deal of tea in England.
 In Britain, the banks open at 9:in the morning.
 The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international football tournament.
 We will employ a man who can speak English.
 You will be able to speak English.
 Can you speak English?
 Pay more attention to intonation when you speak English.
 Speaking English is very difficult for me.
 She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
 Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
 It is not difficult to speak English.
 I found it easy to speak English.
 You speak good English.
 Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
 Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
 Developing his ability of speaking English, it seems, is his purpose of studying abroad.
 Speaking English is not easy.
 Speaking English is useful.
 Speaking English is difficult.
 Is it hard to speak English?
 To speak English is not easy, but it is interesting.
 To speak English is not easy.
 Speaking English is a lot of fun.
 She is above any of her classmates in speaking English.
 Let's speak English.
 That boy who is speaking English is taller than I.
 Must I speak English?
 Have you begun studying English?
 Let's study English.
 You had to study English.
 I'm studying English.
 Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
 It is impossible to master English in a short time.
 You ought to read English aloud.
 English is difficult to learn.
 What do you think is the best way to learn English?
 The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
 To speak English well is difficult.
 I can speak a little English.
 You must exercise more care in writing English.
 When he writes English, he often consults the dictionary.
 When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
 You should persist in your efforts to learn English.
 It is not easy to master English.
 It's hard to master English.
 To master English is hard.
 Teaching English is his profession.
 I hear you are taking English lessons.
 All students of English should have a good English-English dictionary at hand.
 What's your purpose in studying English?
 To study English is important for young people.
 To study English is important for today's young people.
 What is the best way to learn English?
 What is the easiest way to learn English?
 Students of English often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay'.
 Those who learn English cannot do without English dictionaries.
 Learning English is hard work.
 The best way to learn English is to go to America.
 Learning English requires patience.
 I don't think that there is any better way to learn English than by living in America.
 Someone who knows English well must have written this.
 Don't give up English.
 I do not support the theory that one has to study Latin in order to understand English better.
 English isn't easy to master.
 To master English is difficult.
 You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.
 I've studied English for five years.
 I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
 You must study English every day.
 Is English more difficult than Japanese?
 English is studied in Japan.
 English is difficult, isn't it?
 English is a means of communication.
 English is studied in China, too.
 You have to study English step by step.
 I like English so much, but sometimes it is very difficult for me.
 English is spoken in a lot of countries.
 English is spoken by more people than any other language.
 English has spread all over the country.
 English is spoken in many countries around the world.
 English is a language spoken all over the world.
 English is studied all over the world.
 English is used in every part of the world.
 English is spoken in many parts of the world.
 English is the world's language.
 English is as fine a means of communication as any in the world.
 English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
 English is useful in commerce.
 English is not easy for us.
 English is not my native language.
 English is not easy for me.
 English has become my favorite subject.
 English is a very important language in today's world.
 English is just one of over 2,languages in the world today.
 English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
 English has become an international language.
 English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
 English is an international language.
 He speaks German, not to mention English.
 English is taught almost all over the world today.
 The English language surrounds us like a sea.
 English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
 English is easy to learn.
 English is not difficult to learn.
 Where is English spoken?
 English is a kind of universal language.
 The English language is cognate to the German language.
 English is used by many people.
 English is spoken in many countries.
 English is taught in most countries.
 English is not spoken here.
 Is English spoken in Canada?
 English is spoken in Canada.
 English abounds in idioms.
 English is a language abounding in idiomatic expressions.
 English is spoken in America.
 English is too difficult for me to understand.
 We have English third period.
 English, as you know, is very much a living language.
 She surpasses me in English.
 Having studied English, I studied math.
 How are you getting along with your English study?
 I'll get up your drive for English study.
 When you're reading an English book, it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know.
 In English, the usual sentence structure is Subject - Verb - Object/Complement.
 Some English adverbs function as adjectives.
 I still can't get the knack of English pronunciation.
 I can't find any logic to English spelling. "Ghoti'' can be pronounced as 'fish'.
 How many English words do you know?
 When it comes to learning English words by heart, nobody can beat him.
 English words are often borrowed by other languages.
 A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
 In addition to English, he can speak French.
 "Why are you studying English so hard?" "To be an English teacher."
 The future of English seems to be leading in three directions.
 We listened to the teacher during the English lesson.
 I don't like the new textbook for my English class; I prefer the original.
 In English class, sometimes we sit in a circle to talk about a book we are reading.
 Do you have an English dictionary?
 Can you do without an English dictionary?
 I was called on in English class.
 We wish we didn't have to take a test in English.
 The student, who failed in a test in English, was inspired by his friend's words.
 In English examinations, she always gets good marks, not to say straight As.
 If only we didn't have to take a test in English.
 I keep a large dictionary close at hand when I read English magazines.
 Some students like English, and others like physics.
 I would like to be an English teacher.
 You will derive great benefits from learning English.
 In addition to English, he speaks German.
 My mark for the English examination was close to the average mark of the class.
 Did you ever make a speech in English?
 Are you going to take part in the English speech contest?
 The English alphabet has letters.
 Try to speak English as often as possible if you want to improve your English.
 He is proficient in English.
 As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
 Many English words are derived from Latin.
 It is estimated that there are over half a million words in English.
 Some English words have two spellings - "gray" and "grey", for example.
 Which do you like better, English or music?
 English cannot be mastered overnight.
 It is fun to speak in English.
 Let's speak in English.
 I spoke to him in English and found I could make myself understood.
 No one can match him in English.
 Answer in English.
 Must I answer in English?
 Written in English, this book is easy for me to read.
 You should read books written in English.
 Do you have a book written in English?
 It was not so simple to write a letter in English.
 It is difficult to express one's thoughts in English.
 I couldn't make myself understood in English.
 To write a love letter in English is not easy.
 We were allowed to speak either in English or in Japanese.
 As far as English is concerned, she is second to none in her class.
 In English the verb precedes the object.
 In the English language many words contain letters which are not pronounced.
 I can't express myself in English very well.
 What do you call this bird in English?
 Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
 He is second to none in English in his class.
 Say it in English.
 What do you call this insect in English?
 If only I could speak English!
 I wish I could speak English.
 It would be a great convenience if English were to become everybody's major language.
 Some are good at English, and others are good at mathematics.
 There is no denying that English is the most widely spoken language in the world.
 Try to improve your English.
 It goes without saying that English is an international language.
 Proficient in English, he is looked on as a good teacher.
 My poor English cost me my job.
 I like English best.
 He can speak either English or French.
 However, it is good if one can speak English well.
 If you want to be fluent in English, you've got to keep at it.
 I'd like to master English.
 The swimmer, Cindy Nicholas, barely made it ashore at Dover at the end of the exhausting swim, but a spokesman from the Channel Swimming Association announced that she was in very good shape.
 How I wish I could swim.
 I wish I could swim.
 Do you swim very fast, too?
 It's warm enough to swim.
 It's much too cold to swim.
 I find swimming fun.
 It is easy for me to swim.
 It is easy to swim.
 Swimming is fun for me.
 The swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath.
 It's a cinch to learn to swim.
 How about going for a swim?
 Is it hot enough to go swimming?
 How about going swimming?
 Do you feel like going swimming?
 I should like to go for a swim.
 If you'd like to continue to improve your swimming, just keep on practicing every day.
 Swimming across the lake almost finished me.
 You may swim.
 The swimmers were numb with cold.
 The swimming boy is my brother.
 Years of hardship had not caused him to lose his faith.
 Thanks to Mr Nagata.
 They did not have permanent homes, so they did not plant crops for food.
 Permanent peace is nothing but an illusion.
 I will remember your kindness for good.
 I'm forever lost, can't you see? I'm in a bind!
 I will love you always.
 I'll be with you forever.
 You have to eat nutritious foods.
 Good nutrition is vital for an infant's growth.
 I had a sustaining breakfast.
 You can't eat it just because it is nutritious.
 A man's life has its ups and downs.
 The image is out of focus.
 Movie making is an exciting job.
 Would you like to go to a movie?
 Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
 There were already a lot of people waiting in a line in front of the movie theater.
 I was at a movie theater.
 I was angry about missing that film at the cinema.
 I take a fancy to seeing movies.
 Watching movies is very interesting.
 What do you say to going to the movies?
 I adore going to the cinema.
 I like going to the movies.
 How about going to the movies?
 Don't you feel like going to the movies?
 I'd like to go to the movies.
 Would you like to take in a movie?
 It's not like you to cry at movies.
 After seeing the movie, I was impressed.
 Was the movie good?
 Did you enjoy the movies?
 Do you like movies?
 The movie is now showing at a theater near you.
 Did you enjoy the film?
 When does the movie start?
 Has the movie started yet?
 The movie got more and more exciting, until at length, people were sitting on the edge of their chairs.
 All the films are boring.
 The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
 The show was so boring that Ann and I fell asleep.
 How did you enjoy the movie?
 Movies often come to a happy end.
 The movie starts at ten o'clock.
 The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
 I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
 Some of the movies are exciting.
 He began to tremble during the movie.
 I would have liked to see the ending of the film, but I had to leave the theater.
 After the movie they fall asleep.
 I can't see the movie.
 I'd like to set it to the movie channel.
 That's something like a movie scenario.
 Could you take me to the cinema?
 Why not go to the movies?
 How about going to a movie?
 Which would you rather do, go to the cinema or stay at home?
 You're going to a movie?
 I'm going to go to the movies.
 I would rather stay at home than go to the movies.
 I don't feel like going to the movies. Let's take a walk instead.
 If you go to the movies, take your sister with you.
 Let's stop off and see a movie.
 The movie is popular among the youngsters.
 The movie starts.
 The movie was so dull that the audience left one by one.
 The movie "Fight Club" has a surprise ending.
 The dinosaurs in the film "Jurassic Park" were true to life.
 I was taken aback at the shadow.
 We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
 You shouldn't talk about Jack behind his back.
 Say it to his face, not behind his back.
 Our sales performance is just skyrocketing.
 What hours is it open?
 Our store hours are from to 7.
 What are the business hours?
 We need to reorganize it in order to strengthen our business activities.
 Please send your sales reps to this new account.
 I talked with our sales people.
 Mt. Unzen is such a nice place that many people visit there.
 Since it's cloudy with a chance of rain today, we shouldn't go surfing.
 The situation is growing serious.
 The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
 A beam of sunlight came through the clouds.
 Not a cloud was to be seen.
 What you are saying doesn't make sense.
 Today the sky is a cloudless blue.
 The clouds were driven away by the wind.
 Clouds are flying across the sky.
 You can see the sun peeking through the clouds.
 The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
 The clouds hung low.
 The clouds are rolling away.
 The clouds hid the sun.
 The clouds are breaking.
 The clouds cleared up and let the sun shine.
 A cloud passed across the moon.
 Clouds sail across the sky.
 A cloud floated across the sky.
 Clouds cast a shadow blacker than the night.
 If there were no clouds, we could not enjoy the sun.
 The clouds are getting darker.
 The clouds are getting darker; it's going to rain.
 By good luck, he was in time for the train.
 Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
 Luckily, he found a good seat.
 Destiny is sometimes cruel.
 It is no use quarreling with fate.
 I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
 I have little appetite due to lack of exercise.
 My muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise.
 Lack of exercise may harm your health.
 Athletes usually abstain from smoking.
 An athlete must keep in good condition.
 The athletic meet was put off until next week.
 The athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the Summer Olympics.
 The athletic meeting was put off.
 The athletic meet was postponed due to rain.
 The athletic meet took place on October 15.
 The athletic meeting will be put off.
 What with having no exercise and being overweight, he had a heart attack.
 Exercise makes your body strong.
 Exercise is vital for a dog.
 Exercise, if carried to excess, will do you more harm than good.
 Exercise is good for your health.
 Exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain.
 You should rest after exercise.
 I ache all over after the exercises.
 It is good for you to take exercise.
 You will be more vigorous if you exercise.
 Too much exercise can do more harm than good.
 When you exercise your heart beats faster.
 Can I do exercises?
 Let's do some exercise to work up an appetite.
 You should do exercise.
 It is refreshing to take a shower after exercising.
 We tend to forget that exercise is a key to good health.
 Exercise trains the muscles.
 Did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license?
 I hear you had your driver's license canceled.
 Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
 Do you have a driver's license?
 May I see your driver's license, sir?
 He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
 Don't speak to him while he is driving.
 When you are driving, you should make way for ambulances.
 Passengers shall not converse with the driver while the bus is in motion.
 Fasten your seat belts while you are driving.
 Don't speak to the driver while he is driving.
 Not being watchful, the driver failed to stop in time.
 The driver could not distinguish the signal in the fog.
 The driver tipped his cap.
 The driver gestured him out.
 "Well, I guess I'm going to get a driver's license," he answered.
 The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
 The driver accelerated his car.
 A driver was sleeping in the car.
 The driver told us which bus we should take.
 A driver is deeply attached to his old car.
 The driver felt like taking a rest.
 The driver was thrown from his seat head over heels.
 Drivers should wear seat belts.
 The driver turned the wheel to the right.
 The driver increased his speed.
 The driver asked me which way to go.
 The chauffeur will be on duty after o'clock.
 The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
 The job of a driver is harder than it looks.
 The drivers began arguing about who was to blame for the accident.
 The car crashed because the driver was careless.
 The driver ignored the stoplight.
 Drivers have to attend to the traffic signal.
 The driver maintained a high speed.
 Drivers must observe the traffic rules.
 The driver advised us to fasten our seat belts.
 The rules drivers should keep are as follows.
 It was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough.
 I got my driver's license on the second time I tried to pass the driver's test.
 The motorman slowed down the train.
 You should obey the traffic laws when you drive.
 He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
 You cannot be too careful when you drive.
 You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
 You're too drunk to drive.
 Fasten your seat belt when you drive.
 You are not to speak to the man at the wheel.
 You should concentrate on the road when you're driving.
 The driver was so fortunate as to escape death.
 Take your chance, and do it.
 The fare is one dollar each way.
 Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.
 Allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination.
 As good luck would have it, a steamer passed by and they were saved.
 Bring as many boxes as you can carry.
 He was among those chosen.
 Fortunately, I've got you to talk to.
 I am happy about your good luck.
 Luck turned in my favor.
 It's a godsend.
 Oh, I'm just going to take it easy.
 I have no time to engage in gossip.
 The media got wind of a rumor about his engagement and came quickly.
 Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
 Speak of the devil, here comes Kathy.
 The rumor is not true as far as I know.
 The rumor turned out false.
 The rumor turned out true.
 The rumor soon went about.
 Rumor says that she is a pickpocket.
 There are rumors in the air.
 The scuttlebutt is they're going to Australia.
 Lying and stealing live next door to each other.
 It is wrong to tell a lie.
 I was made out to be a liar.
 It is wrong to tell lies.
 To tell a lie is wrong.
 If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe your words.
 You are lying.
 Please forgive me for telling a lie.
 His lie weighed on his conscience.
 The end justifies the means.
 Never tell a lie!
 He's above telling a lie.
 You're always lying- that's why people don't take you seriously. You get what you deserve.
 He was angry at the suggestion that he was dishonest.
 No kidding!?
 Many a true word is spoken in jest.
 He was looking for it like a hunting dog.
 We should lay on a second coat of paint for better protection against the weather.
 Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface, over half the world's wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
 An absence of rain caused wild plants to die.
 In case of rain, the athletic meeting will be called off.
 Telephone me if it rains.
 After rain comes fair weather.
 The rain-water runs off through this pipe.
 It is cool after the rain.
 The leaves are fresh after a rainfall.
 Let's get out of the rain.
 Do you go to school by bus on a rainy day?
 It's a rainy day.
 It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
 Cheap apartment houses are multiplying rapidly.
 Do you have rain gear with you?
 It seems that the rainy season has set in.
 The rainy season has set in.
 The rainy season begins in June.
 There is no telling when the rainy season will be over.
 It feels like rain.
 It looks rainy.
 What with the rain and a bad hotel, we didn't enjoy our holiday much.
 The rain lasted through the night.
 The rain came down in earnest.
 The rain soaked through my clothes.
 The rain is coming down in earnest.
 The rain had a good effect on the farm crops.
 It was raining all day long without intermission.
 It rained nonstop.
 It has stopped raining.
 The rain changed into snow.
 The rain lasted four days.
 I don't think it will rain, but I'll take an umbrella in case it does.
 In spite of the rain, we enjoyed our holiday.
 It will stop raining soon.
 It rained heavily.
 The rain never let up all night.
 The rain lasted a week.
 Though it stopped raining, the wind was still blowing hard.
 The rain shows no sign of stopping.
 Instead of stopping, the rain increased.
 The rain hasn't stopped yet, has it?
 Has it stopped raining yet?
 The rain's letting up soon.
 It is raining all the time.
 The rain has lasted for the past two days.
 When did it begin to rain?
 The rain lasted five days.
 The rain fell even harder.
 The rain continued all day.
 Does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops?
 I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
 Rainy days make me depressed.
 The best bet on a rainy day is to remain indoors.
 How will they amuse the children on a wet afternoon?
 Don't you find it unpleasant walking in the rain?
 I like to walk in the rain.
 I would rather stay at home than go out in the rain.
 He caught a chill because he went out in the rain.
 Standing in the rain brought on a bad cold.
 A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
 I feel like singing in the rain.
 In case it rains, I won't go.
 In the event of rain, the game will not be held.
 Take your coat in case it rains.
 After the rain, the sun emerged from the clouds.
 We had to call off the baseball game because of the rain.
 The rain compelled the water to run over the banks.
 The rain prevented me from going.
 Because of rain, I could not go out.
 The rain kept us from going out.
 The rain prevented me from coming.
 Because of the rain they had to cancel the game.
 The rain damped their spirits.
 We had to call off the game because of rain.
 We called off the game on account of rain.
 The rain prevented us from playing baseball.
 I stayed home because of the rain.
 The rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis.
 We had to call off the game because of the rain.
 Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
 Owing to the rain, the athletic meeting was put off.
 The picnic was put off on account of rain.
 The game was called off on account of the rain.
 The rain prevented us from playing tennis outside.
 The baseball game was called off due to rain.
 The baseball game was drawn because of the rain.
 The rain prevented him from coming here.
 The rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground.
 Because of the rain, the audience at the concert was small.
 The rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic.
 The rain kept the baseball team idle yesterday.
 The rain made it impossible for me to drive fast.
 The garden was destroyed after the rain.
 After the rain, there were puddles on the street.
 Wind accompanied the rain.
 Stay out of the rain.
 Take this umbrella with you lest you should get wet and catch cold.
 I was caught in the rain and got wet.
 The paint is peeling off the weather-beaten wall.
 I was caught in the rain.
 Strong winds accompanied the rain.
 We are in for rain.
 Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
 We played golf in spite of the rain.
 He went out in spite of the rain.
 He started in spite of the rain.
 The children went to school in spite of the rain.
 In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
 In spite of the rain, I went out.
 I get caught in the rain, I'm late for my date, and I lose my pocketbook. It's just one thing after another today.
 I don't suppose it's going to rain.
 The rain was preceded by wind.
 They say we're going to get rain!
 It looks like rain.
 He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
 You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
 I'm afraid it's going to rain.
 It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
 I discouraged him from going swimming as it was likely to rain.
 It looks like rain. You had better take an umbrella with you.
 I'm afraid it will be rainy.
 I was caught in the rain and got soaked to the skin.
 The beautiful scene of a lake was not able to be enjoyed because of rain and fog.
 The rain laid the dust.
 It was a week of alternate snow and rain.
 The leaves look fresh in the rain.
 The rainy weather prevented her from working in the garden.
 I was late because of the rain.
 The rain prevented me from going out.
 The rain discouraged us from going out.
 The rain set our plans back two weeks.
 The rain kept the fire from spreading.
 The rain necessitated a postponement of the picnic.
 The rain spoiled our picnic.
 You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
 Whether it will rain or not, the game is going to be held.
 It being rainy, I could not go out.
 It being rainy, I stayed home.
 Because of rain, we couldn't go to the beach.
 It began raining in earnest.
 It began to rain cats and dogs.
 The rain came down in buckets.
 Down came the rain in torrents.
 Wet and stormy areas will get wetter and stormier.
 The rain whipped against the window.
 The rain is beating against the window.
 The rain is beating against the windows.
 The rain was beating hard against the windowpane.
 The rain began to turn into snow.
 The rain changed to snow.
 We had hoped that the rain would stop before noon.
 When the rain stopped, the game of tennis was continued immediately.
 When the weather had cleared, the children began to play baseball again.
 After the rain had let up a bit, we made a dash for the car.
 The rains entered a lull.
 The rain penetrated my raincoat.
 I wish it would stop raining.
 At any rate, I can go out when it stops raining.
 Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
 With the rain having stopped, the game began again.
 Hardly had the rain stopped when the ground began to freeze.
 No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
 We won't go out unless it stops raining.
 It rained for three days on end.
 It doesn't matter whether it rains or shines.
 Whether it rains or not, I won't change my plan.
 I'll be there rain or shine.
 Whether it rains or not, Fujita is planning to have a picnic.
 When it rains, it pours.
 He won't come if it rains.
 If it rains, the game will be put off.
 I'll stay if it rains.
 If it rains, the game will be canceled.
 The rain will revive this tree.
 I'll take in the washing before it rains.
 When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
 It threatens to rain.
 We prayed for rain.
 I have a hunch that it will rain.
 It's raining, so we should go home.
 Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
 When it rains, she feels blue.
 When it rains, she takes the bus.
 Our streets flood when we have rain.
 Did the newspaper say it was going to rain?
 I am afraid it will be rainy.
 Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
 I took my umbrella for fear of rain.
 Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
 Don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains.
 Since it is bad when it rains, when you come out of the room, please shut the window.
 You'd better take your umbrella, just in case it rains.
 I took my umbrella lest it rain.
 I took an umbrella in case it should rain.
 I think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains.
 Take an umbrella with you in case it should rain.
 Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
 Remember to take your umbrella, in case it rains.
 Is it going to rain?
 He observed that we should probably have rain.
 We thought it would rain; nevertheless, we started on our trip.
 I said it might rain.
 It may rain, and then again, it may not.
 It may rain, but I will go today anyhow.
 It's been raining since last night.
 It may rain.
 We had better start before it begins to rain.
 She took in the washing when it started to rain.
 Take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain.
 It was yesterday evening when it began to rain.
 We had not gone so far when it started to rain.
 It's beginning to rain. Please share my umbrella.
 It began to rain, so he need not have watered the lawn.
 It is going to rain.
 It has ceased raining.
 Let's go back before it begins to rain.
 As it began to rain, I ran into my house.
 When it began to rain, she told her son to take in the washing.
 The rain began to fall.
 It began to rain and she got wet.
 I am afraid that it will rain.
 What were you doing when it began to rain?
 I think it's going to rain.
 It is likely to rain.
 It looks like rain. You had better take in the washing.
 It's going to rain. Look at those dark clouds.
 Unless it rains, I will go, too.
 But for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
 The flowers in the garden died from the absence of rain.
 Absence of rain caused the plants to die.
 Unless it rains, the game will be held on Sunday.
 The festival will be held in the garden, unless it rains.
 It was raining and the game was called off.
 Rain doesn't depress people who like reading.
 The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
 I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
 It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
 I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
 Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
 Seeing that it is raining, you had better stay home.
 It will get dark earlier this evening, as it is raining.
 It's raining, but I would like to go out.
 It's raining. You might just as well stay home.
 If it were not raining, I would go fishing.
 It has been raining. The roads are wet.
 If it is raining, I won't go out tonight.
 I stayed indoors because it rained.
 Since it was raining, I took a taxi.
 Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
 The weather being rainy, the baseball game was cancelled.
 I took a taxi because it was raining.
 It was all the more depressing because it was raining.
 Though it was raining, she went out.
 Although it rained, everyone had a good time.
 Though it was raining, we played football.
 I didn't stay home because it was raining.
 It was raining.
 It was raining, but he went out.
 The rain made the autumn day dismal.
 Plants grow quickly after rain.
 I always wear boots when it rains or snows.
 It has been raining off and on.
 If it rains, we will put off our practice match.
 The game was called off because it rained.
 Since it was raining, we stayed at home.
 The rain compelled us to put off the gathering.
 Few were at the seaside because it was raining.
 They stayed at home, because it rained.
 Since it rained, we did not go on a picnic.
 The picnic was held in the gym on account of the rain.
 They went on a hike, though it rained.
 Since it rained, I did not go.
 The rain was beating against the windows.
 The rain was driving against the windows.
 A heavy rain began to fall.
 It's raining hard and yet I must go.
 It was raining hard, but she insisted on going for a drive.
 In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
 It rained heavily, and consequently the baseball game was called off.
 It is raining hard.
 Rain formed pools in the hollow spaces on the rocks.
 The rain was driving in our faces.
 The rain was dripping through a leak in the roof.
 Rain dripped off the roof slowly.
 She advised us that it would rain all day.
 The sky lightened as it stopped raining.
 I wish the rain would stop.
 If only the rain would stop.
 It left off raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis.
 Let's play baseball when the rain stops.
 I may go out if the rain lets up.
 Since it stopped raining, he went out for a walk.
 The rain being over, they went on with the game.
 Scarcely had the rain stopped before a rainbow appeared.
 If only it would stop raining!
 Wait till the rain stops.
 Let's wait for the rain to stop.
 We shall leave for home as soon as it stops raining.
 If only the rain would stop!
 The rain was falling in my face.
 It is raining worse than ever.
 It began to rain in earnest.
 He closed the window for fear of rain.
 Let's go out unless it rains.
 It was raining hard, so we played indoors.
 It is raining heavily.
 It was raining hard, and what is worse, the wind began to rise.
 It rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time.
 It began to sprinkle.
 It was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure.
 The rain just stopped, so let's leave.
 The wild and windy night that the rain washed away.
 I only hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more.
 The rain is raining all around.
 When the rain stops, we'll go for a walk.
 It rained five days on end.
 The rain lasted three days.
 It has been raining a full five days.
 It has been raining heavily for three hours.
 Let's get home before this rain gets any stronger.
 Feathers are peculiar to birds.
 A crow is as black as coal.
 I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
 It won't be long before we can enjoy space travel.
 The time will come and in it we can enjoy space travel.
 Space travel was thought to be impossible.
 Space travel is no longer a dream.
 Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
 I wonder what it is like to travel through space.
 The astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd.
 The astronauts were greeted with spontaneous applause.
 The astronauts went up to the moon in a rocket.
 The astronauts were greeted by their enthusiastic cheers and applause.
 People were delighted at the safe return of the astronauts.
 The spaceship is out of orbit around the moon.
 The space ship will get to the moon soon.
 The spaceship made a perfect landing.
 A voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream.
 If it is seen from a spaceship, the earth looks blue.
 Seen from a spacecraft, the earth looks blue.
 There is no air in space.
 Space science is still in its infancy.
 The time has come when we can travel through space.
 Space is full of mystery.
 The use of space must be limited to non-military purposes, as far as Japan's involvement is concerned.
 What is the origin of the universe?
 The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
 I am seeking the path to the end of the universe.
 I am invited to the end of the universe.
 There are countless heavenly bodies in space.
 There are innumerable stars in the universe.
 There is no limit to the universe.
 There are millions of stars in the universe.
 There are many galaxies in the universe.
 Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
 I can't stretch my right arm.
 I can't lift my right arm.
 I think my right arm is broken.
 I can't bend my right arm.
 I'm afraid I dislocated my right arm.
 I'm afraid I have a crack in my right arm.
 I can't see anything with my right eye.
 My right eye feels hot.
 Something has happened to my right eye.
 My right foot is sleeping.
 You should keep to the right.
 The building on the right side is a school.
 Don't bite on the right side.
 Turn to the right, and you'll find my office.
 My upper right wisdom tooth hurts.
 Raise your right hand.
 I could see the rippling waves on my right.
 You can see the sea on your right.
 My right hand is numb.
 Pus is coming out of my right ear.
 I have a corn on my right foot.
 Turn to the right.
 Lie on your right side.
 Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
 Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
 Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
 There's a pea in my right nostril.
 Take the road on the right.
 Take the right road.
 Roll up your right sleeve.
 You have your right sock on wrong side out.
 If you turn right, you will see a big building.
 Turning to the right, you will come to the museum.
 Turning right, you'll find the hospital on your left.
 Turn to the right, and you'll find the hotel.
 Right and left are opposites.
 Always give way to traffic coming from the right.
 OK, now turn to your right, a little further, a little further... good. Now lie still on your back.
 The hermit lived in a wooden hut.
 Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
 Don't hold back anything.
 You are a snake!
 Nobody likes being spoken ill of behind his back.
 Don't speak badly of him in his absence.
 You should not speak ill of others behind their backs.
 You should not speak of others behind their backs.
 Don't speak ill of others behind their back.
 You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
 Acid rain in drinking water affects human health.
 Would you care for a drink?
 Is there a drink minimum?
 Drinking and driving can be dangerous.
 Driving after drinking alcohol is not acceptable behavior.
 If you're drunk don't take the wheel of a car.
 The more you drink, the less careful you will be.
 I'll explain how to take this medicine.
 I would like to order drinks now.
 Help yourself to a drink.
 May I offer you a drink?
 I'll fix a drink.
 Will you give me a drink?
 Are drinks free?
 The drinks looked cool and delicious.
 The drinks were served in coconut shells.
 Please help yourselves to the drinks.
 I'm going to make a drink.
 Mr. Mitsubishi is drinking at home to save his drinking money.
 Let's get you fixed up with a drink.
 Each individual paid dollars.
 Have a good supply of drinking water.
 He doesn't care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
 One can drink too much, but one never drinks enough.
 Too much drinking will make your life a ruin.
 The room started to spin after I drank too much.
 I drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet.
 I drank too much. My face is swollen!
 I got along so well with the guy sitting next to me at the pub that we ended up drinking together till dawn.
 You will ruin your health if you drink too much.
 Don't risk your health by over drinking.
 Too much alcohol may result in gastric disease.
 I was made to drink.
 Gravity acts on everything in the universe.
 Gravity causes objects to have weight.
 Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
 Gravity binds the planets to the sun.
 Without gravity we would be hurled off into space.
 When I retire, I'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country.
 The drawer won't open.
 Empty the drawer of its contents.
 We're going to pull it.
 Can you help me when I move?
 Could you help me when I move?
 She didn't like this city when she moved here, but she has gotten used to it now.
 You have to pull that door to open it.
 Let's turn back.
 I will continue with my efforts.
 We appreciate your continued support.
 When will they have that picture ready that I wanted to get blown up?
 Give me a hoist.
 The drawer is stuffed full of odds and ends.
 The lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing.
 I forgot to lock the drawer.
 It is no use your holding me back.
 May I see your claim tags?
 Don't pull it. Push it open.
 I persuaded him to give up the idea.
 When was printing invented?
 Mistakes in the printing should be pointed out at once.
 Many typographical errors were found.
 Printing ink is in short supply.
 Lightning precedes thunder.
 Lightning is usually followed by thunder.
 Lightning can be dangerous.
 Lightning is an electrical phenomenon.
 Lightning lit up the room every now and then.
 The dog hid under the bed whenever lightning flashed.
 After the lightning, came the thunder.
 The lightning flashed.
 The flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder.
 Rice is grown in rainy regions.
 A festival is held at the rice harvest.
 The rice crop is already in.
 Ichiro puts friendship above profit.
 Ichiro will go to Nagoya for the first time.
 The chain of crimes are thought to have been committed by the same man.
 A series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins.
 A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
 A row of old houses is being destroyed to make way for new flats.
 Please line up in a row.
 The first baseman tagged the runner out.
 An illustration may make the point clear.
 A unicycle has only one wheel.
 He added that he was coming up to town in a day or two.
 I'll let you know in a day or so.
 I'll give you an answer in a day or two.
 Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
 That's a class act.
 I delivered identical twins.
 I suppose I'll be in trouble if I don't stay up all night to cram for the examination.
 At a glance, he knew that the child was hungry.
 At a glance I knew that he was tired.
 I recognized Mr Jones at first glance.
 She attracted me at first sight.
 I recognized her at first glance.
 I observed that he was wearing his Sunday best that morning.
 Can you lend me 10,yen?
 Can you break a 10,yen bill?
 An arrow passed through the hawk.
 He took out a piece of chalk.
 A tall tree projects its long shadow on the water.
 One is tall and the other is short.
 I know one of them but not the other.
 One is red and the other is white.
 One book is thin. The other is thick. The thick one has about pages.
 What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
 On the one hand he is kind to everyone, but on the other hand he never behaves with too much familiarity.
 On one hand he praised my report, but on the other hand he criticized it.
 On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
 On one hand he is kind, but on the other hand he is lazy.
 On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.
 Americans, on the other hand, are more likely to take chances in the hope of achieving great success.
 The first step is as good as half over.
 One step further, and you will fall into an abyss.
 You must learn step by step.
 If you move a step, and you will be a dead man.
 Move a step, and you'll be a dead man!
 A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
 Penny wise, pound foolish.
 Penny-wise and pound-foolish.
 A minute has sixty seconds.
 What do you say to taking a rest?
 How about a smoke?
 I feel quite refreshed after taking a bath.
 Give me chapter and verse.
 I partly agree with you.
 Some hospitals hand out free samples of baby milk.
 Some college teachers come to class late and leave early.
 Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
 Some people believe that Japan is No.in everything.
 Some newspapers distorted the news.
 Some Blacks seek more radical solutions.
 A second is a sixtieth part of a minute.
 A cat ran across the street.
 One dog and two people are jumping.
 I got up early in order to catch the first train.
 I walked quickly so that I might catch the first train.
 The best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it.
 Charles always takes the line of least resistance.
 The youngest boy dropped behind the other hikers.
 The greatest number came from Europe, but many also came from Latin America, Asia, Africa, Australia, and Canada.
 The boy who writes best wins the prize.
 The eldest sister acted for the mother.
 Which is the hottest of all the seasons?
 I always read the sports page first.
 How much is the most expensive car?
 The most expensive thing is land.
 Where is the nearest telephone box?
 Where's the nearest travel agency?
 Where's the nearest drugstore?
 Where's the nearest museum?
 Can you tell me where the nearest zoo is?
 Where's the nearest library?
 Can you tell me where the nearest pay phone is?
 Where is the nearest bank?
 Can you tell me where the nearest church is?
 Where's the nearest church?
 Can you tell me where the nearest courtesy phone is?
 Where's the nearest art gallery?
 Where is the nearest lost and found?
 Can you tell me where the nearest hotel service phone is?
 Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
 Where's the nearest department store?
 Where's the nearest shopping mall?
 Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
 Where is nearest American Express office?
 Do you know where the nearest American Express office is?
 I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
 What time are you the happiest?
 I was beside myself with jealousy when my youngest sister rose in the world.
 My youngest brother was brought up by our grandmother.
 The youngest child spent every morning at a nursery.
 The rightmost lane is now under construction.
 I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
 I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
 It's always cheaper in the end to buy the best.
 What is most troublesome is the corruption of the best.
 The best thing is to telephone her.
 The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
 You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
 You will feel better after a night's sleep.
 We can accommodate him for the night.
 I'll fix you up for the night.
 It was blowing hard all night.
 We would often sit up all night discussing politics.
 I was roaming over the mountains all through the night.
 I felt cold and uneasy all night.
 It was raining on and off all night long.
 After drinking all night, Bob was dead to the world.
 The clothes soaked in water overnight were heavy.
 Will you put us up for one night?
 I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
 I read the whole book in one evening.
 He looked refreshed after a good night's sleep.
 General admission is $for adults.
 In general, little girls are fond of dolls.
 Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
 Generally speaking, the weather was mild last year.
 Generally speaking, savings are increasing.
 Generally speaking, the climate in England is mild.
 Generally speaking, children like to play outdoors.
 Generally speaking, high school students study harder than college students.
 Generally speaking, there is little rain here in June.
 The people in this town, generally speaking, are kind to visitors.
 Generally, Japanese people are shy.
 Generally speaking, orchestra conductors wear tailcoats at concerts.
 Generally speaking, a waiter in Japan gives good service.
 Generally speaking, New Zealanders are taller than Japanese.
 Generally speaking, Japanese women are modest.
 Generally speaking, men are taller than women.
 Generally speaking, a woman will live longer than a man.
 Generally speaking, Westerners don't eat fish raw.
 Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
 Generally speaking, women live longer than men by almost ten years.
 Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
 Generally speaking, the Japanese are hard workers.
 Generally speaking, the Japanese people are diligent.
 Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
 Admittedly, models of hegemonic order cannot provide an explanation for all observed successful bargaining strategies.
 The English people in general, are extremely fond of their pets.
 Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
 Generally speaking, boys like girls with long hair.
 Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
 Generally speaking, the young people of today are clever.
 In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
 Generally speaking, the Englishman is not curious about others.
 The people at large are against war.
 The public is the best judge.
 The public at large are dissatisfied with the present government.
 The public is entitled to information about how public money is spent.
 In order to elude her eager public, the movie star checked into the hotel under a false name.
 The general feeling is that it's wrong.
 Does he have general common sense?
 The general opinion is against the war.
 The people at large were against the war.
 The people at large are hoping for great changes in the light of the present situation.
 In general, Japanese are hardworking.
 The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be.
 Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
 People in general are against the new law.
 In general, young people dislike formality.
 The weather this week has been good on the whole.
 In general, young people today are not interested in politics.
 In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
 In general, communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment.
 In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
 We'd like a deposit for one night.
 What's the daily rate?
 Would you join me in a drink?
 I wouldn't mind a drink.
 I feel like a drink.
 I feel like having a drink.
 Please give me a cup of milk.
 A cup of coffee cleared my head.
 How about a drink?
 Can I buy you a drink?
 Give me a shot.
 I'll buy you a drink.
 Let me buy you a drink.
 Want a drink?
 After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
 I'm going to give you a year's worth of allowance all at once.
 They have much rain all the year round.
 It's the best season of the year.
 It was the same all year round.
 I was here about a year ago.
 Who said you can swagger around like that just because you're one year ahead of me?
 No one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year.
 It is impossible to master English in a year or so.
 The first month of the year is January.
 New Year's Day is the key to the year.
 We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
 There are four seasons in a year.
 Can you pay off your loans in a year?
 I only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers.
 I'm worn out, because I've been standing all day.
 You can't stay in here all day.
 I walked around all day, and I am all in.
 Having worked on the farm all day long, he was completely tired out.
 There is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work.
 It rained heavily all day, during which time I stayed indoors.
 After waiting all day, the workers were still looking for a break in the weather so they could resume the search.
 It was fine all day.
 We are worn out, because we have been uniting all day.
 We enjoyed ourselves at the seaside all day.
 It is not good for your health to shut yourself in all day.
 She hears English all through the day.
 It rained continuously all day.
 It rained hard all day.
 I had to stay in bed all day.
 It can't be good sitting in the sun all day.
 I sit in front of a computer screen all day, so I get pretty heavily bombarded by electro-magnetic waves.
 Do not stay away from English, even for a day.
 Any goods can be supplied at a day's notice.
 I couldn't wait to get my hands on one of those iBooks and now I got one as a present. I feel so lucky!
 Take this medicine three times a day.
 Do you mind if I take a day off?
 Can you get a day off?
 It is getting colder and colder day by day.
 Every day of thy life is a page in thy history.
 I always feel good after I do my good deed for the day.
 After a hard day's work, a man can do with a good, hot meal.
 A shit a day keeps the doctor away.
 The length of a day or a year varies but little.
 A day has twenty-four hours.
 The day is almost over.
 I spent the best part of the day in reading.
 At the end of a working day, everybody is in a hurry to get home.
 Do you offer any all-day tours?
 In no country other than England, it has been said, can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day.
 You should brush your teeth at least twice a day.
 We have six lessons a day.
 It is difficult to walk kilometers a day.
 Hardly a day passes that I don't think of you.
 It is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day.
 I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
 I've spent $a day.
 Not even a day can we live without water.
 I want to be quiet after a day's hard work.
 I think it's going to be a nice day.
 We'll finish it if it takes us all day.
 We can make a day of it.
 Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
 No sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top.
 On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
 The first prize may be won by him.
 I know that if we discuss it, we can find a solution that will satisfy both of us.
 Once you have made a promise, you should keep it.
 A stone once cast, and a word once spoken, cannot be recalled.
 I remember seeing her once on the street.
 I'd like to have a good talk with her.
 Please try one.
 Once across the river, you are safe.
 Once a habit has been acquired, it has almost compulsive power over us.
 Once lost, time cannot be recalled.
 It is not too much to say that time once lost can never be recovered.
 Once gone, you will never get it back.
 Once we've killed, we enjoy killing.
 Once you have decided to do something, stick to it.
 Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
 Are you sure you've never met him?
 I haven't met him even once.
 Don't attempt two things at a time.
 Don't attempt two projects at a time.
 Don't try to do two things at a time.
 I can't do two things at a time.
 Learn a little at a time.
 Take three at a time.
 How many books can I take out at one time?
 Do one thing at a time.
 You can't just do one thing at a time.
 Try to do one thing at a time.
 You must not eat too much food at one time.
 Too many irons in the fire result in bad workmanship.
 I think I try to do too much at a time.
 I cannot answer so many questions at a time.
 When one has too many irons in the fire, he doesn't know where to start working.
 We can prepare to offer you a special discount of 5% for the STL#3456, on condition that you place an order for more than at one time.
 If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
 I wish for once I could be something.
 What's done cannot be undone.
 Once you leave here, you can't come back again.
 Please return one set to us with your signature.
 Rome was not built in a day.
 Let's close ranks and do something new.
 A group of gangsters stole money.
 A car passed by at top speed.
 A car drew up in front of my house.
 What is he mad at, I wonder?
 Can his story be true?
 Who ever can it be?
 What on earth is the problem?
 Who's going to clear up all this mess?
 Whoever told you such a ridiculous story?
 What on earth are you doing here?
 Why on earth are you here?
 How in the world did you do it?
 Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?
 What on earth is the matter?
 Whatever is that noise?
 What on earth are you doing in my room?
 Why on earth did you sell your newly built house?
 What the hell are you going to do with it?
 What in the world are you getting at?
 Can you speak English at all?
 What was it that you gave him?
 What the devil are you doing?
 I don't know what kind of creature is making such a terrible noise outside tonight.
 Where on earth did you meet him?
 How in the world did you do such a thing?
 How on earth did you know that?
 How on earth can we restore our youth?
 What's the big idea?
 Who's gone and messed up my list of names?
 Can the report be true?
 Can the rumor be true?
 What ever do you want with me?
 What on earth are you doing?
 Only one stack had a real bill on top.
 Let's take a break.
 To kill two birds with one stone.
 Is it about ten million yen?
 At one time, people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations, restaurants, or hospital waiting rooms.
 Don't risk putting everything in one boat.
 There was a ship sailing on the sea.
 If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
 He said to me, "Study hard, and you will pass the test."
 Whoever studies hard cannot fail to succeed.
 If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
 It will pay you to study hard.
 Work hard, or you'll have to take the same course again next year.
 Study hard, and you'll succeed.
 Work hard, and you will pass the examination.
 Study hard, or you'll fail the exam.
 Work hard, or you will fail the examination.
 He said to me, 'Study hard, or you won't pass the test.'
 If you don't study hard, you'll continue to get poor scores.
 If he had not worked hard, he would have failed the examination.
 Hard work enabled him to get good marks.
 There's a fortune in the making for any hard worker.
 Those who work hard will succeed.
 You can make your dream come true by working hard.
 Work hard, and you will succeed.
 Work hard, and your salary will be raised by degrees.
 You won't succeed unless you work hard.
 Nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work.
 He must be tired after such hard work.
 He remained poor despite being a hard worker.
 He worked hard.
 After much effort, he ended up with a contract.
 I ran and ran, but missed the train.
 I ran as fast as I could.
 I know you worked very hard on it, but still I'm not satisfied with your report.
 With great effort she managed to fold one more.
 What are you doing so hard?
 If he tries hard, he will succeed.
 You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
 If he tried hard, he would succeed.
 You cannot make a good mark without working hard.
 I decided that I was going to work as hard as I can.
 I mean to fight hard.
 Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
 It is good to keep studying all your life.
 I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
 Youth comes but once in life.
 This is the most embarrassing moment of my life.
 That might be the most painful experience in my life.
 You'll be able to speak English better if you practice hard.
 If you try very hard, you will succeed.
 I'd been cheated out of my life savings!
 I think it is my business to study hard.
 I'll get even with you, if it takes me the rest of my life.
 Only after a century and a half of confusion was the royal authority restored.
 Who can read the future?
 The worm turns.
 A gust of wind swelled the sails.
 Nothing is so pleasant as traveling alone.
 My parents objected to my traveling alone, saying it would be dangerous.
 I began living by myself.
 Living on my own, I really miss my mom's cooking.
 It was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son.
 Left alone, the baby began to cry.
 One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
 Each man stood up in turn and introduced himself.
 If each would sweep before the door, we should have a clean city.
 Choose the one.
 All but one were present.
 All except one agreed to his plan.
 All the workers went home save one.
 Left alone, the little girl began to cry.
 One is a teacher, another is a doctor, and the other is a journalist.
 One stayed and the other went away.
 I dislike being alone.
 The bus was empty except for one elderly woman.
 An old man was at rest under the tree.
 An old man broke into our conversation.
 An old man came along.
 One eyewitness is better than ten earwitnesses.
 One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
 A man overtook her.
 A man drew near.
 A man came up to me and asked for a match.
 No student was able to answer the question.
 A man appeared at the site.
 A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him round.
 A girl approached the king from among the crowd.
 A boy is walking across the street.
 I found that there was a little girl sobbing.
 A woman appeared from behind a tree.
 Within every man are thousands.
 One of his colleagues whispered.
 A student with a crew cut was sitting in the front seat.
 The moment she was alone she opened the letter.
 When left alone, he cried to his heart's content.
 The little boy got into mischief when he was left alone.
 Left alone, I sometimes feel like crying.
 Left to itself, the baby cried itself to sleep.
 Leave me alone.
 Left alone, he began to read a book.
 I like to travel by myself.
 Nothing is so pleasant as travelling alone.
 I got accustomed to living alone.
 Can you put on a kimono by yourself?
 Is it dangerous to take a subway alone?
 One can't help many, but many can help one.
 It is lonely to live alone.
 Instead of going myself, I sent a messenger.
 I'd rather stay home than go alone.
 Let me go alone.
 I don't want to go alone.
 She allowed him to go alone.
 It was careless of her to go out alone.
 Though she wished to travel abroad by herself, she thought better of it.
 You cannot lift the piano alone.
 I think it's dangerous to climb that mountain alone.
 Can you move this desk by yourself?
 Did you come here alone?
 One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
 Each individual paid 1,dollars.
 The admission is ten dollars a person.
 For personal reasons.
 It's good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on your work, but you're completely ignoring the people around you.
 It won't hurt you to skip one meal.
 Take me with you.
 Won't you come with me?
 Come with me, will you?
 I'm sorry for your not having come with us.
 Would you play with me?
 Won't you go shopping with me?
 I'm looking forward to serving your company.
 Working together, they cleaned the entire house in no time.
 He was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
 Come along with me and go fishing.
 Do you mind if I join your trip to the country?
 What do you say to going fishing with me?
 May I run with you?
 What do you say to dining out together?
 Would you like to have lunch together?
 How about eating out with me?
 Can I take your picture with us?
 Let us go together. We can swim across the river, carry off the bear cubs, take them to the house on the mountain, and together find happiness.
 I wish I could go with you, but as it is, I can't.
 I would like to go with you.
 Do you want to come along?
 Let's work together to do our best.
 Put it on one bill, please.
 Let's sing some English songs together.
 Will you join us for a swim?
 Would you like to go swimming with us?
 Would you like to go see a movie with me?
 Will you join me for a drink?
 She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movie with him.
 Why don't you come in for a cup of coffee and a chat?
 When we are with a person we don't want to be seen with, we often meet someone we know.
 Do you want to come along and give it a go?
 I'm coming with you.
 Shall I go together with you?
 Hard work has brought him success.
 With great effort he climbed up the tree.
 A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
 I must have stolen it when I lost control of myself momentarily.
 There was a momentary pause.
 For a moment, he thought of going after the man.
 We have used our ration of coal for the week.
 I was in the hospital for a week.
 We plan to stay a week.
 A week's reflection led to a new plan.
 I will give you back the CD in a week.
 I stayed home for a week.
 It kept raining for a week.
 Don't commit yourself to doing it within a week.
 We are able to deliver within a week.
 I'll finish the work in a week or less.
 I went without food for a week.
 There are seven days in a week.
 I would like a week off with pay.
 He took a week off.
 How many days a week do you go to school?
 How often a week do you take a bath?
 We have five English classes a week.
 You can read ten books in a week? Don't you mean in a month?
 I will lend you some money, on condition that you will repay it in a week.
 We had to learn the lines of the play in park.
 I shall see him in less than a week.
 The weather has been nice all week.
 I'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation.
 I've been laid up with flu for the last week.
 It's a temporary condition.
 For a while, I was really into cola- drinking it every day.
 I waited for an hour, but he didn't appear.
 I've been waiting for one and a half-hours.
 I met her an hour ago.
 It stopped snowing an hour ago.
 An hour's drive brought us to the airport.
 I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
 I'll be back within an hour.
 Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
 Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
 Will you lend me your bicycle for an hour?
 He should get to your house in an hour.
 Do you think you can make out the list in an hour?
 Please cover for me at the reception desk for about one hour.
 He who steals a pin will steal an ox.
 Nothing succeeds like success.
 At one time we were enemies, but we've buried the hatchet and we are now on friendly terms with each other.
 For a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art, he doesn't have much of a kick.
 I can't afford $for one book!
 I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
 It has been raining since the day before yesterday, but it may clear up this afternoon.
 It has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday.
 I received your letter the day before yesterday.
 They left there the day before yesterday.
 He may have absented himself from school the day before yesterday.
 The day before yesterday we arrived at Osaka.
 I met her by chance on the train the day before yesterday.
 The economic strength of a country lies not alone in its ability to produce, but also in its capacity to consume.
 It is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies.
 The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.
 We should lose no time in leaving here.
 Not a moment could be lost.
 There is no time to be lost.
 The party returned safe and sound.
 The party went to China by sea.
 The party set out for Kobe.
 The party reached the mountaintop yesterday.
 The party arrived at Kyoto.
 The party fought their way up.
 The party went forward in the face of danger.
 The party set out regardless of the bad weather.
 The party started for New York.
 The party flew nonstop from New York to Paris.
 The party did not succeed in climbing the mountain.
 The party stayed in Kyoto for a short period.
 The party crossed over to America.
 They are a party of six.
 The party walked down the mountain.
 The party started soon after his arrival.
 The party, therefore, had to take another route.
 The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
 Write on every other line.
 The seats were reserved for the party.
 Can I have a bite?
 Write on alternate lines.
 Many were eager to get in on the act.
 They all get lumped together as English texts. But in fact these books are extremely varied and wide-ranging.
 I will bite just a little bit.
 Greta chugged the beer in one gulp.
 A bare word of criticism makes her nervous.
 I'll give you a piece of advice.
 Let me give you a piece of advice.
 Let me say.
 You have something to say about everything, don't you?
 He didn't say a word.
 In a word, she isn't any use.
 In a word, he is a man of genius.
 In a word, he is a coward.
 In a word, you are in the wrong.
 In a word, it's ridiculous.
 In a word, I think he's a fool.
 Off hand, I'd say her problem is shyness.
 An apparently small event may lead to a great result.
 I saw at a glance that the empty house was badly in need of repair.
 I saw at a glance that there was something the matter with my father.
 At first glance, the question seemed easy.
 Nothing could be more reasonable, on the face of it.
 January is the first month of the year.
 At first sight, he seemed kind and gentle.
 Women who, at first glance, appear to be completely ordinary also don't seem to be in that much of a rush to get married.
 We have snow in January.
 I'm taking an exam in January.
 It is important to be accomplished in some art.
 Will you listen to a piece of music?
 Please sing a song.
 I want to sing a song.
 Let's take a rest.
 How about taking a rest?
 Take a rest, or you will be worn out.
 She came alive after taking a rest.
 I paid in a lump sum when I bought a television set.
 Once you skip a lesson, it's hard to catch up with your classmates.
 The family had a hard time after the war.
 They moved to New York, but adapted easily to their new surroundings.
 Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
 The family moved from their native Germany to Chicago around the year 1830.
 He is the black sheep of the family.
 The whole family is out for a walk.
 I went to the South Pacific for a summer of romantic adventure.
 Count as one fractions of half a yen and over, but ignore those of less.
 The sky looks threatening.
 A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That's the kind of person I want you to become.
 A word is enough to a wise man.
 I don't like being made a fool of.
 I'll tell you a story.
 I'll give you a piece of good advice.
 One important thing to remember is that Americans may remain silent when you say something they don't agree with.
 May I ask a favor of you?
 A single mistake, and you are a failure.
 A miss is as good as a mile.
 One is new, and the other is old.
 This carpet is one of the most beautiful.
 You should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well.
 An idea occurred to me.
 To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
 For one thing, he thinks she is stupid, for another, he doesn't like her.
 For one thing, I am poor; for another, I am busy.
 For one thing, I'm penniless; for another, I don't have the time.
 For one thing, I couldn't afford to do that.
 For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
 This is true partly because non-Westerners have begun to take pride in their own cultures and partly because those areas of the world where forks are not used have some of the highest birth rates.
 Would you do me a favor?
 May I ask you to do me a favor?
 I have a favor to ask of you.
 Not a drop of rain fell for a month, so they had to dig a well.
 You'll make a fortune by taking a chance.
 The Isonos would often go hiking.
 I feel exactly the same as Mr Isoda.
 Child-care leave and time off to care for the aged are needed in order to respond to demographic changes now taking place in Japan.
 A growing child requires more food.
 Mr Iuchi has no one to fall back on.
 Inoue doesn't like computers.
 A well is a place where you can get water.
 The well has run dry.
 There was no water in the well.
 There was little water in the well.
 The well ran dry.
 Please draw water from the well.
 He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill.
 Can I use my medical insurance?
 I'd like to get medical insurance.
 Do you have medical insurance?
 The medical supplies were allocated to the victims of the disaster.
 We can say that there's not a clear winner in terms of a policy to curtail medical expenses and benefits.
 In medical research, one of the first problems is to isolate the cause of the disease.
 The doctors thought he was dead, but today he is still alive and healthy, and has a job and a family.
 Please call me a doctor.
 Doctors have offered me nothing but sleeping pills.
 Could you call a doctor, please?
 Do you think we should send for the doctor?
 Please call in a doctor.
 Shall I go for the doctor?
 You must send for the doctor.
 Send for the doctor.
 Will you send for a doctor?
 The doctor was sent for.
 You'd better send for a doctor.
 He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
 Doctors and hospitals should help the people who can get healthy again.
 Doctors should help the sick or injured person.
 The doctor analyzed the blood sample for anemia.
 The doctor bent over the sick boy.
 The doctor sat up all night with the sick old man.
 Doctors do not always live long.
 So the doctor started to examine her.
 The surgeon operated on her for lung cancer.
 The doctor advised her to enter the hospital.
 The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
 The doctor ordered her to go on a strict diet.
 The doctor gave it to her.
 The doctor persuaded him to give up smoking.
 The doctor called him back.
 The doctors tell you that he is brain-dead.
 The doctor felt his pulse.
 The doctor set his broken leg.
 The doctor cured him of his illness.
 The doctor cured him of his cancer.
 The doctor released him from his pain.
 The doctor gave him the medicine.
 The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.
 The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
 His doctor told him to cut down on drinking.
 The doctor advised him to abstain from drinking.
 The doctor advised him to keep away from drinking.
 The doctor told him to rest at home, which is advice he followed.
 The doctor suggested that he give up smoking.
 His doctor ordered him to rest.
 The doctor ordered that he take a rest.
 The doctor warned him of the dangers of smoking.
 The doctor told him to give up smoking and drinking.
 The doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
 The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
 The doctor told him to cut down on smoking.
 The doctor advised him to give up smoking.
 The doctor advised him not to smoke.
 The doctor alerted him to the riskiness of the medicine.
 The doctor said that he would be well if he took his medicine.
 The doctor suggested that he should give up smoking.
 The doctor advised a change of air.
 The doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain.
 The doctor bandaged the boy's injured leg.
 The doctor dosed the girl with antibiotics.
 The doctor tried hard to save the wounded boy.
 The doctor's instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
 The doctor felt my pulse.
 The doctor advised my father to stop smoking.
 The doctor spoke to the effect that my father would soon get better.
 The doctor bound my wounds.
 The doctor examined my throat.
 The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
 The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
 The doctor advised me to take a long holiday.
 The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
 The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
 The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
 The doctor ordered me a complete rest.
 The doctor didn't allow me to go out.
 The doctor had me lying in bed.
 The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
 The doctor advised me not to smoke too much.
 The doctor advised me to drink more milk.
 The doctor advised me to take more exercise.
 The doctor forbade me to take part in the marathon.
 The doctor told me that I would recover soon.
 The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
 The doctor instructed me to go on a diet.
 The doctor advised me that I should go on a diet.
 The doctor demanded I stay in bed for a week.
 Though the doctor did his best, the patient's recovery was slow.
 The doctor was in a white gown over a blue suit.
 Doctors have a difficult problem.
 The doctor made six house calls in the afternoon.
 A doctor should never let a patient die.
 The doctor can cure your son of the disease.
 Doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer.
 Doctors warn us of a possible danger.
 The doctor will be back before long.
 The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
 The doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest.
 The doctor rushed to his patient.
 The doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease.
 The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
 The doctor has ordered the patient to abstain from wine.
 The doctor examined the patients.
 Doctors are not as a rule trained in child rearing.
 What'd the doctor say?
 My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
 The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
 The doctor looked gravely at the patient.
 The doctor arrived in time to save her.
 What did he say?
 The doctor examined the child and said she was healthy.
 The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
 The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
 The doctor may have said so.
 The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
 The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
 The doctor decided to operate at once.
 The doctor came immediately.
 The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
 The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
 The doctor recommended that you should give up smoking.
 The doctor visits her every other day.
 The doctor advised that my mother stay in bed for three more days.
 The doctor insisted that he stay in bed.
 The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
 The doctors say the dying man should have kicked the bucket hours ago, were he an ordinary man, but he is still defying death.
 A good doctor follows his own directions.
 Doctors' bills really cut into our savings.
 All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
 I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
 You had best follow the doctor's advice.
 Some doctors say something to please their patients.
 If it wasn't for the doctor's treatment, that patient would be dead.
 You had better do as the doctor advised you.
 Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
 A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
 What doctors should do is to save lives and fight against death.
 I'm planning to disguise myself as a doctor.
 We sent for a doctor.
 With the help of doctors, she got over her illness.
 What do you say to seeing a doctor?
 Did you see a doctor?
 It is necessary that you see a doctor.
 You had better see a doctor; it may not be just a cold.
 I don't like to have a doctor examine me.
 You'd better consult your doctor.
 I'd like to see a doctor.
 You'd better see a doctor and get a shot.
 Go and see the doctor.
 I left off work for a few hours to see the doctor.
 My doctor told me to lay off the liquor so I have this uneasy impatient feeling.
 You had better see the doctor.
 You ought to see a doctor.
 I think you should see a doctor.
 You must see a doctor.
 Let's send for the doctor.
 The doctor says she suffers from rheumatism.
 You need to see a doctor.
 Why not see the doctor?
 You should have a doctor check you out.
 Did you go to the doctor?
 I intended to have been a doctor.
 My desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother.
 You should consult your doctor.
 Don't be afraid of seeing the doctor.
 Any doctor will tell you to quit smoking.
 A six-figure income is not uncommon for physicians.
 Medical doctors and dentists have very different tools of the trades.
 Doctors and nurses must preserve life at all costs.
 Doctors should keep abreast of all the latest developments in medicine.
 Doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine.
 I think he is a doctor.
 All the efforts of the doctors were of no avail.
 He lay in agony until the doctor arrived.
 The doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem.
 The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
 Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
 My physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being.
 She had been ill for a week when the doctor was sent for.
 Doctors can be wrong, and some patients can suddenly improve.
 The doctor's careful examination of the patient brought about his speedy recovery.
 The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick recovery.
 I'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air, since my doctor advises me to.
 If only the doctor had come a little sooner.
 The doctor's quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery.
 Lying is forgivable when it is done by a doctor trying to give heart to a terminally ill patient.
 Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
 Doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer.
 Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
 The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
 The doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses.
 The doctor treated her injury.
 The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
 The doctor advised him to ease up on alcohol.
 The doctor contemplated the difficult operation.
 Doctors advise us on our health.
 The medical profession keeps handing out warnings about smoking.
 The doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure.
 Could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor?
 The doctor's remarks reassured the patient.
 The doctor's warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking.
 Being a doctor helped me greatly during the journey.
 Doctors are fighting against disease.
 The doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her recovery.
 It is not ethical for a doctor to reveal confidences.
 Speaking medically, I advise you to lose weight.
 You should investigate the fact from a medical viewpoint.
 Shared studying among premeds is rare.
 I applaud your decision to study medicine.
 Medical science is always on the march.
 Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
 Progress in medicine is going ahead by leaps and bounds.
 I'm thinking of going to Germany to study medicine.
 Japan has caught up with Europe and America in medicine.
 How were the bodies of those who died disposed of?
 Where is the lost and found?
 He died without having made a will.
 I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
 I regret to inform you that I will be unable to keep our appointment for February 27.
 I was fined dollars for illegal parking.
 You really shouldn't use pirated software.
 Wrong.
 The speeding vehicle skidded and crashed head-on into the rear-end of a truck before the driver could say Jack Robinson.
 No. I don't know. It's a lot of things.
 No, no, no!
 The difference is this: he works harder than you.
 I came to the realization too late to make a difference.
 In spite of their various differences, Joan and Ann are friends.
 We have an oversupply of clothing.
 We must make economies in buying clothes.
 Please get dressed.
 If you look after your clothes, they last a lot longer.
 What do you do with your clothes when they are worn out?
 The identity of the lost child was confirmed by its clothes.
 It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
 Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
 Food and clothes are necessities of life.
 In the matter of food and clothing, we are pretty well off.
 What is indispensable to our lives, along with food and clothes, is housing.
 The dress does not make the fair.
 Could you send up some stomach medicine?
 I want to see a doctor about my stomach-ache.
 The belly has no ears.
 I suffer from a stomach ache.
 The stomach is one of the internal organs.
 The pain in my stomach has gone.
 Something is the matter with my stomach.
 An ulcer forms in the stomach.
 I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
 I have a pressing feeling in my stomach.
 My stomach hurts.
 Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
 My stomach feels heavy.
 I'm afraid I have an upset stomach.
 My stomach is rumbling.
 Getting a sports car is easy, compared to the maintenance one must do on it.
 The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
 Immigrants streamed into the land.
 Due to our office moving, we will be closed from May to 31.
 Migrants from the continent crossed the Japan sea.
 Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
 There is no objection on my part.
 If there is no objection, we will close the meeting now.
 A strange sight greeted her eyes.
 It's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures.
 It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
 As for the accusations of heresy, here the evidence is much weaker.
 Unusually low temperatures account for the poor rice crop this year.
 Is everything all right?
 The streets are filled with an air of exoticism.
 They went ahead with the plan since there were no objections.
 The exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office.
 The rate of exchange is yen to the dollar.
 Choose such friends as will benefit you, they say. That is why I am on intimate terms with Mr Aoki.
 How do I fix the seat?
 He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
 It is under the chair.
 No sooner had I sat down and relaxed than the phone rang.
 Two seats were vacant.
 You may sit down on the chair.
 The chair hasn't arrived yet.
 Written as it is in easy style, the book is for beginners.
 Could you say that in plain English?
 Written in plain English, the book can be read even by you.
 It is often pointed out that a vague smile is typical of the Japanese.
 It is difficult to convey the meaning exactly.
 Everything that has meaning can be called language.
 In the main, I am in favor of political reform if meaningful changes are made.
 I'm catching on.
 I didn't catch the meaning.
 Although he isn't ill-natured, he is not very kind.
 The wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect.
 It had an effect alien from the one intended.
 The unconscious person feels no pain, but for the family and friends it can be a long and painful experience.
 People who are unconscious can't say they want to die.
 He'll make a good husband.
 I lost consciousness.
 She is unconscious.
 There is one thing which we do every time we read, whether we are aware of it or not; we come in contact with the personality of the writer.
 Communication takes many forms.
 Where communications fail, so do activities.
 A man of weak will is the target of criticism; even his friends would badger him into correcting his defects.
 A man of strong will is not subject to corruption.
 No one can force you to do anything against your will.
 Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
 Through communication we are able to learn about each other.
 We use words in order to communicate.
 Having no will is the worst handicap.
 The weak-willed are prone to go to the dogs; the strong-willed turn failure into success.
 I could not help but state my opinion.
 Opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings, and not by the intellect.
 Never identify opinions with facts.
 We agree to start at once.
 Anyone with an opinion please raise their hand.
 Surprisingly, he is the type that worries about being in the public eye.
 You know something?
 Unexpectedly the weather forecast came true yesterday.
 Unexpected results were announced.
 You don't say.
 The committee picked the site for the exhibition.
 The chairman is elected for a two year term.
 The committee returned to their seats.
 The committee are all against it.
 The committee approved the draft budget.
 The committee approved the budget.
 The committee adjourned to another hall.
 The committee eagerly welcomed her as chairperson.
 The committee elected him chairperson.
 The committee bestowed a medal on him.
 The commission concluded that the answer was no.
 The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
 The committee comprises ten members.
 Our committee consists of ten members.
 The committee is discussing social welfare.
 The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
 The committee is composed of five students.
 The committee meets twice a month.
 The committee is composed of teachers and parents.
 The committee held a discussion on the problem of education.
 A committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem.
 The committee was not disposed to hold another meeting.
 The committee has not yet arrived at a decision.
 The committee will be opposed to the proposal.
 The committee was split over the project.
 The committee passed the bill.
 The committee decided to call off the strike.
 The committee got down to business after coffee.
 The committee meets today at four.
 The committee consists of eight members.
 The committee divided into five sections.
 The committee adjourned for two weeks.
 The committee is made up of fifteen members.
 The committee consists of twelve members.
 The committee called on all nations to work side-by-side to curb air pollution.
 The committee will meet next Friday.
 The purpose of the committee is to develop children's musical talent.
 All the members of the committee hate one another.
 The committee had a long session.
 One of the committees is composed of eight members.
 The members of the committee are all men.
 All the members of the committee consented to my proposal.
 His influence in the committee became weaker and weaker.
 The committee was summoned at once.
 The committee are all present.
 The committee are all for the plan.
 The majority of the committee voted against the bill.
 The committee stayed up late last night trying to work out measures that would please everyone.
 The committee met and discussed whom to appoint to the post.
 The point about enclosure is that the configuration of ethnic groups must be clearly described.
 The great critic and the poet are traveling together.
 The great critic and poet is lecturing on philosophy.
 The son of a great actor became a good actor in his own right.
 Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
 The great statesman and general is still living.
 You should read about the careers of great men.
 Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
 Great scholar as he is, he is lacking in common sense.
 A great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher.
 Many great men went through hardship during their youth.
 Great people are not always wise.
 Great men are not always wise.
 A great man doesn't care about his appearance.
 The client talked with the lawyer.
 On your marks, get set, go!
 I still haven't heard from him.
 Miss Ito made her students work hard.
 Taro Ito was found guilty.
 Does Mr Ito teach history?
 Mr Ito teaches history.
 Mr Ito will call the roll.
 Mr Ito loosened his tie because he felt hot in his office.
 Talking of Mr Ito, what has become of his son?
 Professor Ito went to the United States for the purpose of studying linguistics.
 Mr Ito is a highly educated man.
 Will you make an appointment with Mr Ito?
 Mr. Ito wants to see you.
 There is a Mr Ito who wants to see you.
 I am very fond of lobsters, but they are very, very expensive.
 We've been friends ever since.
 Have you met her before?
 I saw him at one time or another.
 Albumin was found in my urine before.
 The knife we used to cut the bread with was sharp.
 A hideous monster used to live there.
 There was a tall tree in front of my house.
 Having seen him before, I knew him at once.
 You are much taller than you used to be.
 I'm not as rich as I was.
 No one had ever thought of selling ice before.
 Now there is nothing but desert, where there used to be a fertile plain.
 I used to look up to him, but not anymore.
 There used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house.
 There used to be big trees around my house.
 When I was a child, my mother would often read fairy tales to me.
 In the past, there were no oral English classes in high school. Now many schools have oral communication classes.
 "He used to love me," she answered sadly.
 He said he had been to Hawaii before.
 I used to sit up late at night.
 I used to play with my sister in the park.
 I used to go fishing quite often, but now I rarely go.
 It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
 There used to be a temple right here.
 I didn't use to smoke.
 You used to smoke, didn't you?
 There used to be a church here.
 There used to be a castle on this hill.
 There used to be a restaurant in front of this bus stop.
 There used to be a hut about here.
 There used to be a green field here; now there's a supermarket.
 People used to travel on foot.
 I had mastitis before.
 Having seen him before, I recognized him.
 I easily found Mr. Harrington because I had seen him before.
 I had met him once before.
 Having been to the temple before, I know the way.
 I was bored because I had seen the movie before.
 The situation has improved considerably compared with what it was.
 It's better than it was before.
 I look very different.
 There used to be a store right here.
 As you have often been here before, show me around, please.
 There used to be a coffee shop near the park.
 He didn't deny that he was formerly involved in the program.
 Having been caught in that situation before, I knew exactly what to do.
 There used to be lots of fireflies around here.
 There used to be a pond around here.
 There used to be a small shrine around here.
 There used to be a big pond around here.
 There used to be an old temple here.
 I've always wanted to meet you.
 Haven't we met before?
 Have we met before?
 Not having seen him before, I'll not be able to recognize him.
 Not having seen her before, I did not know her.
 It feels like I've seen her before.
 I've been to Hokkaido before.
 Is that all?
 I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
 The following is his story.
 I'll never do this again.
 The following is a summary of the President's speech.
 I would like to place an order for the following.
 The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
 All you have to do is fill in the blanks below.
 The following passage is a quotation from a well-known fable.
 The following persons passed the examination.
 The data to be discussed below was collected in the following way.
 The following is what he told me.
 The pommel horse requires more balance than strength.
 That's just a shot in the dark. How do you think you'll succeed by just acting on the spur of the moment like that?
 It was a dark night.
 The darkness has not overcome it.
 We could barely make out two figures in the dark.
 Darkness is the absence of light.
 Our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel.
 Could you send me a brochure?
 Where's the information desk?
 Where is the information counter?
 Show me the way, will you?
 This book is surprisingly easy to read, isn't it?
 I have no plans whatever.
 Sure enough, the ghost appeared on the balcony.
 She called me up, as I had expected.
 As was to be expected, he took the first place.
 Sure enough, he entertained doubts.
 Just like I thought, the contractor came back today, begging for more time.
 Fear often exaggerates danger.
 Please input your PIN number.
 I don't mind your groping in the dark for a solution, but I wish you'd come to a decision.
 Assassination has never changed the history of the world.
 The "prince of darkness" means Satan.
 Encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable.
 A form appeared in the darkness.
 We saw a dim light in the darkness.
 A tiny object moved in the dark.
 It was impossible for him to take the picture in the dark.
 I heard my name called in the dark.
 Something was stirring in the dark.
 I was afraid of getting lost in the dark.
 A red light was glowing in the dark.
 Somebody called my name in the dark.
 A pall of darkness cloaked the valley.
 I spring out of the darkness.
 The robber emerged from the darkness.
 It is too dark to play outside.
 It is too dark to see clearly.
 It is too dark to read a book there.
 It's too dark to play outside.
 You'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark.
 I'll be back before dark.
 Come home before it gets dark.
 I will return to the house before dark.
 I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
 All you have to do is wait until dark.
 I waited for her till it got dark.
 It was getting dark, and, what made matters worse, it began to rain.
 It got dark, and what was worse, it began to rain.
 Come home before dark.
 I reached the village before dark.
 We are likely to get there before dark.
 I took the bus in order to reach the destination before it got dark.
 It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
 It's getting dark. You'd better go home.
 With darkness coming on, the children returned home.
 It is getting darker. It may rain soon.
 It is getting dark. Let's go home.
 It grew dark, and what was worse, we lost our way.
 Don't let her go out after dark.
 Don't go out after it gets dark.
 Don't go out after dark.
 I don't like to go out after dark.
 You had better not go after dark.
 Don't walk alone after dark.
 As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
 A car passed by in the dark.
 Not seeing anything in the dark, we couldn't move.
 She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
 It was dark, and I could not make out who was coming along the road.
 Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
 Dark as it was, we managed to find our way back to our tent.
 I shone a flashlight into the dark room.
 It's not good to read in a dark room.
 What are you looking for in the dark room?
 Watch your step in dark alleys.
 He lost his sense of direction in the dark woods.
 Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
 On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
 Don't read books in a dark place.
 Buy cheap and waste your money.
 Cheap sake makes you sick.
 Everybody speaks very highly of Ando.
 A recent analysis by Boeing forecasts that unless safety is improved, jet airliners could be falling out of the sky at the rate of once a week by the year 2010.
 Take an amulet for safety's sake.
 You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
 We will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety's sake.
 For safety purposes, remove the plastic casing before use.
 Steady the boat so we can get on safely.
 Excessive concern with safety can be dangerous.
 Have a safe trip.
 You should drive at a safe speed.
 Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
 Safety is what matters most.
 You should stay in bed.
 Stay quiet and rest.
 I feel relieved.
 At ease.
 Set your mind at ease.
 I'm managing scraping along on a small salary.
 To my relief, he came home safe and sound.
 Easy living corrupted the warrior spirit.
 Wishing you peace and happiness at Christmas.
 Any watch will do, so long as it's cheap.
 The cheap prices tempted me to buy things I didn't need.
 There was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports.
 Cheap imports will glut the market.
 Do you know of any inexpensive stores?
 It seemed to be cheap.
 I saved on travelling expenses by staying at a cheap hotel.
 I bought it thinking it was cheap, but it was rotten, so I ended up losing out.
 I want to buy this book not because it is cheap, but because it is useful.
 I know a hole in the wall that's really cheap.
 The ayu season has opened.
 Having been wrongly addressed, the letter never reached him.
 An overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment.
 Send it to me as a compressed file.
 Our eyes should meet when we shake hands.
 Let's shake hands and be friends.
 I have one final piece of advice related to handshakes: Remember to smile.
 Give me some skin!
 Please shake hands.
 A closed fist can indicate stress.
 On bad roads this little car really comes into its own.
 The evil spirit was driven away from the house.
 Keep away from bad company.
 Try to avoid bad company.
 You should keep away from bad company.
 The notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
 The notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content.
 I had a nightmare.
 I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
 Devils are hiding among the rocks.
 Talk of devil, and he's presently at your elbow.
 When you talk of the devil you will hear his bones rattle.
 Talk of the devil and he is sure to appear.
 Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
 Give the devil his due.
 The Devil may come.
 It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
 Bad weather will ground the plane.
 The bad weather delayed the plane for two hours.
 Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
 Due to bad weather, the plane arrived three hours late.
 Bad weather prevented them from sailing.
 Bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic.
 I couldn't go out on account of the bad weather.
 The bad weather frustrated our plans.
 The bad weather prevented us from leaving.
 Owing to bad weather, I didn't go.
 Because of the bad weather, my piano teacher suggested that I go home early.
 Father was in a bad mood since he couldn't play golf because of bad weather.
 Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
 Bad weather prevented me from setting out.
 Bad weather upset our plans to go on a hike.
 Thanks to the bad weather, the game was canceled.
 The senior citizens' spirits were high in spite of the bad weather.
 They made up their minds to go by car in spite of bad weather.
 Bad weather prevented us from starting.
 The plane was delayed on account of bad weather.
 Farmers suffered crop losses from poor weather.
 I gave up the idea of seeing the sights of the city because of the bad weather.
 Ill gained, ill spent.
 The bad weather marred the ceremony.
 Ill-gotten gains are short-lived. The only way to make real money is to earn every penny.
 After an uphill struggle against great odds they finally got the company on its feet again.
 Bad cold is prevailing throughout the country.
 A serious form of flu prevails throughout the country.
 I got sick.
 Give credit where credit is due.
 Bad habits are easy to get into.
 A bad smell permeated the room.
 The instant I open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose.
 It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
 It's easy to fall into bad habits.
 Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
 Malicious gossip spreads like wildfire. I guess that's why they say bad news travels fast.
 Well, they say bad news travels fast.
 He committed one crime after another.
 What one has sown one will have to reap.
 Murder will out.
 Stop calling me names. That'll do you no good.
 Far be it from me to criticize, but your dress is rather loud.
 I meant no harm.
 No offense was meant.
 The bandits demanded all money in the register.
 Bad money drives out good.
 Is it getting worse?
 The smaller the body, the more likely the person will suffer from the ill effects of radiation.
 Having hit a streak of bad luck, my fortune had gone to pot in no time.
 Come to the end of one's devil's luck.
 Have the devil's own luck.
 I meant you no harm.
 It is a white lie.
 There was no malice in what he did.
 Deliver us from evil.
 Punish the wicked and save the weak.
 You will be disliked by girls if you play practical jokes on them.
 Don't carry a practical joke too far.
 Evil is easy, and has infinite forms.
 Render good for evil.
 He is bad beyond correction.
 Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
 Not bad.
 Not bad. I can earn a good enough living.
 Evil sometimes wins.
 Okay. Sorry.
 Bad as it was, it could have been worse.
 Don't keep bad company.
 The wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug.
 Bad books will do you harm.
 I was also not a bad mother.
 Bad habits die hard.
 A bad habit, once formed, cannot easily be got rid of.
 "I caught a bad cold." "That's too bad."
 I had a bad cold, and to make matters worse, it began snowing.
 I can't get rid of a bad cold.
 Never associate with bad fellows.
 Bad news travels fast.
 Don't get involved with bad men.
 Bad people are at the helm of the nation.
 You should make the best of a bad situation.
 It's hard to change a bad habit.
 It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
 How easily one acquires bad habits!
 One acquires bad habits very easily.
 A bad habit is easily acquired.
 Once you've got into a bad habit, it can be difficult to get out of it.
 A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
 Bad seed must produce bad corn.
 I don't like bad boys.
 Some think it is a bad idea.
 Better be half hanged than ill wed.
 Ill news comes too soon.
 Ill news comes apace.
 It is, not I, but you, who are to blame.
 You won't regret it.
 It is you who is to blame.
 It is not you but I that am to blame.
 It is I that am bad.
 I'm afraid you don't.
 No need to worry.
 Is there a problem?
 You have to apologize at once when you have done wrong.
 That which is evil is soon learned.
 To make matter worse, the traffic was bad.
 Do you think it a bad thing?
 Don't you think it a bad thing?
 Don't be a bad boy.
 I take the liberty of going home.
 I'm sorry I can't go.
 Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
 I'm sorry, I have another engagement.
 I really shouldn't ask, but could you go get some tofu for me?
 I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
 I have caught a bad cold.
 Aoi dances very well.
 Aoi is a very good dancer.
 What a good dancer Aoi is!
 How well Aoi dances!
 Aoi dances well.
 We never meet without a parting.
 Aoi's hobby is dancing.
 Aoi became a dancer.
 Aoi dances.
 Skip the pleasantries and get down to business.
 Greetings are the basis of good manners.
 I was at a loss for an answer.
 Textile News has a large following among those working in the textile industry.
 I'm dead to love.
 Love is above money. The latter can't give as much happiness as the former.
 Love blinded him to her faults.
 Burn with desire.
 Love and hate are opposite emotions.
 You cannot live by love alone.
 It is pleasant to watch a loving old couple.
 I parted with my old car.
 Let's sing a patriotic air.
 Many murders have been committed in the name of patriotism.
 The patriots stood up for the rights of their nation.
 At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
 My pet dog was seriously ill.
 Accept a person's love.
 Nothing is as precious as love.
 Love is something that you can neither snatch away nor express.
 But love can break your heart.
 Love me little, love me long.
 Charity begins at home.
 Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
 Love undeniably has wings to fly away from love, but it's also undeniable that it also has wings to fly back.
 Love, which is a wonderful feeling, comes to everyone at some time in their life.
 Love makes the world go round.
 Love moves in mysterious ways.
 What is life without the radiance of love?
 Love and Peace.
 We hope we will make our home full of love and happiness.
 Love is seeing her in your dreams.
 I didn't marry her because I loved her.
 How difficult a thing it is, to love, and to be wise, and both at once.
 It is easy to love, but hard to be loved.
 My love for you won't let me tell you everything. Some things are better left unsaid.
 To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
 It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
 Don't mourn over the loss of your loved one too long.
 There is more pleasure in loving than in being loved.
 It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
 It is love that rules the world.
 As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
 Parents aren't rational because love isn't rational.
 Faults are thick where love is thin.
 Love can mend your life.
 Pity is akin to love.
 Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
 Lake Akan is frozen over.
 Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
 This drawing is less than great. He needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg.
 The naughty boy got lost and looked around.
 How many points is a try worth?
 It goes without saying that we must all observe traffic signals.
 We should respect the old.
 We must be kind to the elderly.
 We should keep our promise.
 We live in a civilized society.
 We must not laugh at the poor.
 It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
 We cannot necessarily see the star with the naked eye.
 We are inclined to stand up for him.
 We respected him all the more.
 We invited him to the party, but he did not show up.
 We sought to come to terms with them.
 In light of his lack of abilities we cannot expect him to succeed.
 We must take his youth into account.
 We rid his house of mice.
 We asked for the payment of his debt.
 We asked him to face the press but he refused to.
 We hold that he is not guilty.
 We defeated the enemy.
 We recoiled from the enemy's offensive.
 We got an early start.
 We all shall die sooner or later.
 None of us is perfect.
 We took pride in our strength.
 We are faced with many difficulties.
 We foresaw the war.
 We had to start for America at short notice.
 We plan to have a welcoming party for Mr. Clark who came to Japan the other day.
 We moved into this house last month, but we still haven't settled down.
 We moved into this house last month. We will settle down soon.
 We thought we had the game in the bag.
 We were ordered away without any explanation.
 We've run short of oil.
 We must work as long as we live.
 We will probably arrive at Tokyo station at noon.
 We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
 We are but men, not gods.
 We were sweating in the heat.
 We sat face to face with executives.
 That's because we knew our place.
 We are not born for ourselves.
 We are subject to the laws of nature.
 He told us to come on time.
 We should make the best of the limited natural resources we have.
 We must make the best we can of the few natural resources we have.
 We should do our best.
 We've made a final decision.
 We considered going, but finally decided against it.
 We are liable to err.
 We should so act that we shall have nothing to regret.
 We discussed the matter with each other.
 We must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations.
 We have established the institute with a view to facilitating the research.
 We must make the best of what we are.
 We were obliged to give up our plan.
 While we hate force, we recognize the need for law and order.
 We must try to break the deadlock.
 We were crowded into the small room.
 We discussed the matter from an educational point of view.
 It should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it.
 We were all drenched with perspiration.
 We were all shaking from the bitter cold.
 We all shuddered from the great shock.
 We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
 We wanted to speak to the president of the company, but he refused to speak to us.
 We participated in the athletic meet of our company.
 We look back on days gone by, if not always with affections, at any rate with a kind of wistfulness.
 No one of us can cut himself off from the body of the community to which he belongs.
 We are studying in order to pass the STEP 2nd grade test.
 We die only once, and for such a long time.
 We were as one in our opinion.
 We were all ears.
 We climbed higher so that we might get a better view.
 We didn't mean to leave Mary out of the plan.
 All of us are connected with the past and the future as well as the present.
 We were all surprised at the effect the news had on him.
 We were all very happy at breakfast.
 We have yet to learn the truth.
 We have yet to learn all the facts.
 We should sometimes pause to think.
 We should read as many books as possible.
 We stood at the door and waited.
 We must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible.
 It is not for us to live in such a fine house.
 We must guard against mistakes in spelling.
 We considered the problem from all angles.
 We love the man all the better for his faults.
 We must make up for the loss.
 We measured the depth of the river.
 We must study the affair as a whole.
 We could get over the difficulty.
 We've set the meeting tentatively for Monday. It's subject to change.
 We looked forward to the party.
 We must go without luxuries.
 At best we can only hope for a small profit.
 We elected Jane chairperson.
 We must consider these matters as a whole.
 We are very much concerned about the future of this country.
 We were certain of winning the game.
 We narrowly missed the accident.
 We found out a secret door behind the curtain.
 It should not be possible for us to enjoy them without giving something in return.
 We differ from them in some respects.
 We shall overcome all our difficulties.
 We were wont to meet at that pleasant spot.
 We look on her as a loose woman.
 We couldn't find out her whereabouts.
 We were surprised at the ease with which he solved the problem.
 We cannot dispense with the rainforests.
 We lay emphasis on the importance of being sincere.
 We are indirectly dependent upon the labour of others for all the necessities and comforts of our lives.
 We credit Peary with having discovered the North Pole.
 We must defend our freedom at all cost.
 We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
 We find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization.
 Our plane was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
 Our plane was flying above the clouds.
 Our feelings towards him are mixed.
 Not a day passes in which we don't use electricity in our daily lives.
 You stood out in our circle.
 The records of our discussions are kept by the secretary.
 Language as we know is a human invention.
 Our escape was nothing short of a miracle.
 Our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word.
 Our policies and systems are getting outdated and need revising, but to try to swap horses while crossing a stream might be dangerous.
 Our generation has seen a lot of changes.
 Our world is only a small part of the universe.
 The obstacles to our progress have been removed at last.
 Our letters probably crossed in the mail.
 In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
 We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
 Our tastes in art agree.
 Don't mention our plan to anybody.
 Our plan will call for a lot of money.
 Our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company.
 Most of our money goes for food.
 Our plans for the vacation are still up in the air.
 Our patience is in much the same condition as yesterday.
 Our company pays badly.
 It will be three months before our house is completed.
 Although our universe is still young, theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate.
 Not all of us are born with musical talent.
 There is nothing in the world but teaches us some good lesson.
 We had scarcely returned when it began raining.
 We cannot know too much about the language we speak every day of our lives.
 Language, as we know it, is a human invention.
 To our great relief, she returned home safe and sound.
 If we suspect others, others will suspect us just as much.
 Whatever you say, he won't change his mind.
 No one knows the real reason why we love dogs.
 It should not be possible for us to enjoy them.
 Three hours is too short for us to discuss that matter.
 It was just an accident that we met at the store.
 A problem of whose importance we are fully aware.
 No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
 Give me liberty or give me death.
 He shivered a little in spite of himself.
 I am ashamed of myself.
 Broken glass lay scattered all over the road.
 I've caught a bad cold.
 Stop yelling, I beg you.
 A man of straw is worth a woman of gold.
 The crocodile, which produces only male young in hotter weather, might die out too because there will be no females to breed.
 It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his studies.
 I know better than to lend him money.
 From the fullness of his grace we have all received one blessing after another.
 We all learned the poem by heart.
 I have to get some new clothes.
 I'm working in Tokyo now.
 Please take me across the river.
 Please take me over to the other side.
 I'm going to Europe next week.
 I'll be sixteen years old next month.
 I study about two hours every day.
 I must finish my homework before dinner.
 I put away dollars each month.
 I walked up the hill.
 I should like to have a friend to correspond with.
 I usually go to bed at ten.
 I prefer traveling by train to flying.
 I'm tired now.
 I tried to warn her, but she wouldn't listen.
 I'm looking forward to hearing from her.
 I have a firm belief in his innocence.
 I regret not having taken his advice.
 I do not love him the less for his faults.
 I didn't want his help, but I had to accept it.
 I could not convince him of his mistake.
 I couldn't get in touch with him.
 I saw him run away.
 I have not yet learned whether he reached there or not.
 I like both dogs and cats.
 I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
 I am pleased with myself.
 I don't think I'm cut out for city life.
 I did some work after breakfast and went out.
 I intend to take my position as a third party.
 I am looking for a house to rent.
 I can't walk because of my broken leg.
 I have little knowledge of biochemistry.
 I am completely against it.
 I feel for you deeply.
 I swim once a week.
 I got my hands quite dirty.
 I wrote off for an application form.
 I like to perform magic tricks for kids, but they sometimes fall flat.
 I couldn't recognize him at first.
 I intended to visit Rome last year.
 I am a lapsed vegetarian.
 I want a wife and children, and so I need a house.
 I had enough to do to catch the last bus.
 I'll never be able to play again.
 I may have nothing now, but I shall always have something to remember, while you have no memories at all.
 I have nothing to boast about.
 I have a cat and a dog.
 I want to go with you.
 We've finished cleaning our classroom.
 I'm from Kyoto.
 I was a first year student last year.
 We decided to put off the meeting until next Sunday.
 I was weary of doing the same thing over and over again.
 I like music, and I listen to it every day.
 I'd rather go swimming.
 I must make up for lost time by driving fast.
 I have a respect for those who went before me.
 I was forced to accept her proposal.
 I simply don't understand this.
 I would be very pleased to go with you.
 I have almost no money with me.
 I am good friends with Beth.
 I was able to play piano very well.
 I like pizza very much.
 I cannot go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
 I am determined to make a living as a playwright at all costs.
 How happy I am!
 I would not leave you for all the world.
 I managed to get there in time.
 As far as I'm concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
 I was appalled at the sight.
 I'm learning how to type.
 I doubt whether it is true or not.
 I have nothing to say against it.
 I didn't consider the subject seriously.
 I have nothing to do with the affair.
 I have hopes of doing well in that business.
 I built a new house in view of the mountain.
 The tune was not familiar to me.
 I was given training in that school.
 I didn't take part in the conversation.
 I'm looking at the flower.
 I really enjoyed myself at the party.
 I was absent from the party.
 I am quite unhappy about it.
 I wanted to go there.
 I didn't mean to do that.
 I will write Judy a letter.
 I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
 I went into details.
 I've read any and every book in this library.
 I must pull myself together to overcome this incident.
 Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
 I paid 40,yen for this tape recorder.
 I prefer coffee to tea.
 I am not the Christ but I am sent ahead of him.
 When I see you, you always remind me of my brother.
 I invited them to the party.
 His name has completely gone out of my mind.
 I don't like his shallow personality.
 What he said really hurt me.
 I couldn't help but turn down his offer.
 I am a student at Oxford University.
 He got very angry, for she refused to follow his advice.
 I succeeded in worming out the secret.
 He has been to India.
 I always walk to school.
 I went to bed later than usual.
 I wasn't always happy.
 I am always helped by you.
 I have a desire to go to England.
 I captured butterflies with a net.
 I haven't a very good dictionary.
 I can beat you to the station.
 I can understand your language.
 I am much concerned about your health.
 I want to travel with you.
 I took it that you would come.
 That's the part I liked best.
 I'd like to reserve a table for three.
 I saw a movie for the first time in two years.
 I exempted her from working overtime.
 I am a bachelor.
 I am at home.
 I met Mary and John when in London.
 I lost the camera I had bought the day before.
 I availed myself of this favorable opportunity.
 I believe in Ken.
 I don't want to identify myself with that group.
 I am more beautiful than you.
 It seems to me that you are wrong.
 And I will raise it again in three days.
 He has said so himself to my knowledge.
 You are welcome to any book in my library.
 My uncle has a store along the street.
 My watch keeps very good time.
 All hope of my promotion went up in smoke after my reorganization plan fell through.
 Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
 Please don't take my mind off the work.
 The men I meet are all very nice.
 My house stands on a hill.
 My house is only a mile from here.
 Pass me the wine, please.
 My aunt lives in New York.
 I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
 Work is all in all to me.
 I have no time to watch TV.
 I have no particular reason to do so.
 I have a lot of work to do.
 Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even loose change will go a long way.
 We walked among the trees.
 We should love our neighbors.
 We will have a math class tomorrow.
 We can normally conceal our thoughts from others.
 We crossed several rivers on the way.
 We have seen three wars.
 When we go to bed, we say "good night".
 We covered some miles in the car.
 We are in the tie-up.
 We discussed the plan yesterday.
 We shouted in order to warn everyone of the danger.
 We all took it for granted that the professor could speak English.
 We have known each other for many years now.
 We all try hard to make the grade in life, but only a few succeed.
 We all make fools of ourselves at times.
 We got the tree up.
 We managed to get it back without her knowing about it.
 We noticed the man enter her room.
 We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
 We elected Jeffrey captain of our team.
 After we had walked for some time, we came to the lake.
 We were impatient for the concert to begin.
 We drove to Hakone last Sunday.
 We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
 We all knew that Bob was on a wild-goose chase after Marge, because she was already happily engaged.
 We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
 We are anxious for your help.
 Our school is across the river.
 Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
 Our firm is a giant one, and there are some rules and regulations, which should be revised or rescinded to reduce red tape and increase efficiency.
 It isn't necessary to make a decision now about where we'll meet.
 We were delayed by traffic congestion, so we had to hurry.
 I cannot agree with you on this point.
 I'll get some glasses.
 The party was well along when I came.
 I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.
 Whenever I needed money as a college student, my parents always came through.
 It is just a year since I got married.
 When I came home, he was watching TV.
 You can't wring any more money from me.
 It was during my college years that I took up tennis.
 I got control of the works.
 It is the car that we have wanted.
 When I see this picture, I always think of the old days.
 Now that I am here, you don't have to worry.
 Don't enter the room until I say "All right."
 We rented that house, not because we were pleased with it, but because it was near the station.
 A few words may betray a man's true character.
 It's hard for him to live on his small pension.
 You can use the delivery service for a small additional charge.
 It's hard for me to live on my small income.
 The slightest mistake may lead to a fatal disaster.
 Don't haggle over a small sum of money.
 What little guidance I had I owe to a young man.
 What little money he earned he spent on books.
 She has a little money put aside.
 It would be unwise, not to say stupid, of you to quit your first job after only six months.
 Only percent of students go on to university.
 After only months, Koko could use signs.
 Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
 Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
 The eagle is king of birds.
 The eagle dived at its prey.
 An eagle is flying in the sky.
 Don't bother to call on him.
 Please don't go to the trouble of coming to our office.
 Don't bother to call me.
 I may be playing the devil's advocate, but I have to ask, what are we going to do if we don't get all the customers we expect?
 It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
 You don't have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella.
 Thank you very much for coming all the way to see me off.
 Don't take the trouble to come and meet me.
 Thank you for coming all the way to see me.
 Thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house.
 Do not bother to come to my home.
 Don't bother to pick me up at the hotel.
 How good of you to come all the way to see me off!
 Thank you for coming all the way to see me off.
 Don't bother to come to my house.
 Don't ask me why.
 I've got a pain in my side.
 Our combined fleet broke through the enemy's defense zone.
 Our fighters averaged missions a day.
 Abide with me.
 Our company has come a long way since it was set up.
 Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
 Our company wants to take part in that research project.
 We made a contract with the firm.
 Our personnel are very highly educated.
 We have cut back production by 20%.
 There is no mother who doesn't love her own child.
 We do business with the United States.
 We depend on foreign nations for our natural resources.
 Our country abounds in products.
 Our country is in a crisis.
 Our country is rich in marine products.
 Our country has enjoyed many years of unbroken peace.
 Our country is running short of energy resources.
 We import tea from India.
 Our cities create serious pollution problems.
 Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
 Our tax system is still without coherent philosophy.
 The morals of our politicians have been corrupted.
 The chief crop of our country is rice.
 The gross national product of our country is the second largest.
 Our people thirst for independence.
 I was extremely disappointed to see our national soccer team suffer a historic loss.
 Computer science has made rapid progress in our country.
 We will play Minami High School tomorrow.
 Our school was founded in 1990.
 Our army attacked the enemy during the night.
 We gave the enemy a drubbing.
 Our troops engaged with the enemy.
 There is a church near my house.
 I am beginning to understand.
 I don't know. It all happened in an instant.
 Begin with such books as you can easily understand.
 Certainly. What can I do?
 If you don't know, you had better ask around.
 "I don't know", said Tony.
 Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand.
 Don't be unreasonable.
 I don't know. Is there a nickname for Tokyo?
 There is no satisfying spoiled children.
 Yes, I'll be right there.
 Raise your hand if you understand it.
 OK. I'll send it out as soon as a machine is available.
 Ok, let's give it a try.
 All right, do it your own way, but don't blame me if you fail.
 Our team won in the intercollegiate tournament.
 Our team scored five runs in the last inning.
 Our team is in the cellar.
 Our team played an even game with team "S".
 Our team lost.
 Our soccer team was covered in glory.
 Our army attacked the kingdom.
 Is there enough money to get a bottle of wine?
 I'd like to have a glass of wine.
 I want to chill the wine more.
 We'd like another bottle of wine.
 We'd like to have some wine.
 May I see the wine list?
 Wine is not harmful in itself.
 Wine is made from grapes.
 Wine helps digest food.
 There is little wine left.
 Wine is put in casks to age.
 He was groggy from too much wine.
 Heavy taxes are laid on wine.
 Wine can make the meal.
 I hope the wine is to your taste.
 Mr Wilder gave me your e-mail address.
 Would you sew a button on my shirt?
 What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
 Crying loudly, the little girl hurried to the door.
 The Japanese World Cup champion team came back home flushed with victory.
 I want to buy a word processor.
 The word processor will save you a lot of trouble.
 Should the word processor go wrong, we guarantee to replace it free of charge.
 The development of word-processors has enabled us to type Japanese easily.
 Typewriters are giving way to word-processors.
 If you had a word processor, you'd be free from all this trouble.
 Do you know how to use a word processor?
 That would be lovely.
 It's a beautiful day!
 Did you visit the Tower of London?
 While in London, she studied English.
 He brushed up his English during his stay in London.
 He went to see her while she stayed in London.
 The river that flows through London is the Thames.
 Two and three halves to London, please.
 Look up the trains to London in the timetable.
 Which is the platform for the London train?
 I got on the train for London.
 The river which flows through London is called the Thames.
 Have you been to London before?
 On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
 She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
 London is famous for its fog.
 London was a city built for the horse.
 London developed into the general market of Europe.
 London is among the largest cities in the world.
 London is one of the largest cities in the world.
 London was bombed several times.
 What time is it in London now?
 It is seven in London now.
 London is different from Tokyo climatically.
 London is the capital of England.
 Was it rainy in London?
 London is no longer a city of fog.
 London is large, compared with Paris.
 London is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about.
 London is on the Thames.
 London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
 Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
 In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
 Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
 The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
 The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
 Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
 In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
 London air was not much to boast of at best.
 London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
 I'm looking for information on the Anderson Antique Shop in London.
 Please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in London.
 On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
 As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
 Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
 During my stay in London, I met him.
 During his stay in London, he is going to visit his cousin.
 Is it true that you are going to study in London?
 As long as I'm going to be in London, I ought to see a play or two.
 I have been to London before.
 There are a lot of parks in London.
 When did you get to London?
 I got a letter from a friend of mine in London.
 It is Mrs. Lee, Susan's mother, in London.
 What was your first impression of London?
 The people he is living with in London are coming to see me.
 Can you recommend a place to stay in London?
 I met an old student of mine in London.
 I had an enjoyable two weeks in London.
 I sometimes look back on the good days I had in London.
 I used to go to plays at least once a week in London.
 The weather is fine in London.
 In London, quite a few musicals and plays are presented at the theaters every night.
 I ordered a book from London.
 Mr Long and Mr Smith spoke to each other.
 I need a lot of cloth to make a long dress.
 Long dresses stayed in fashion.
 Long skirts are out of fashion now.
 Long skirts are in fashion.
 The Longs are having a garage sale tomorrow.
 Don't forget to ask after Mr Long's wife when you see him.
 Romeo, believing that Juliet was dead, decided to kill himself.
 Romeo is the man Juliet loves.
 The robots are sure to contribute to the world.
 A robot can do more work than a man can.
 Robots can withstand dangerous conditions.
 Prepare yourself for the day when robots are at your side.
 Robson's proposal is tantamount to defending terrorists because they have a cause.
 We have lobsters only on special occasions.
 Lobsters belong to a class of marine animals.
 Robin looks very cute when he's sleeping.
 Despite the seriousness of his illness, Mr Robinson is in good spirits.
 I'll meet you in the lobby at three.
 Donkeys are tough animals.
 Here comes our teacher, Robert Brown.
 Robert got a small proportion of the profit.
 Robert broke off in the middle of his phone call.
 Robert used to help his father in the store on weekends.
 Robert comes to visit me every now and then.
 I hear Robert is sick.
 Robert is content with his present position.
 Robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee.
 Robert has not yet been late for a meeting.
 Robert tends to talk big.
 Robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf.
 Robert got the better of Jack in the game of chess.
 Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
 Rod lives across the street from John.
 The lodge rents by the day.
 Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?
 Rock and roll was a creation of the young generation.
 Rock is the music of the young.
 Rock appeals to young men and women.
 Do you have any rock CDs?
 It is unusual to see rock stars wearing a tie!
 On the rocks, please.
 The rock concert was called off because the singer fell ill.
 I've done rock climbing and deep-sea diving and slept in an Indonesian jungle.
 We'd like a bottle of rosé.
 I thought you were raised in L.A.
 I should cancel my L.A. trip.
 I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles.
 Roger works from morning till night.
 Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
 Roger is a party animal.
 Russian is very difficult to learn.
 I know a man who can speak Russian well.
 Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
 Russia had emerged as a second superpower.
 What's the arrival time in Los Angeles?
 Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
 Have you ever gone to Paris?
 Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
 The rocket put a communications satellite into orbit.
 The rockets were fired from a launching pad.
 The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
 The rocket landed sufficiently gently to avoid breaking its instruments.
 The rocket went up.
 The rocket went up smoothly.
 The rocket ought to have reached the moon by now.
 The rocket is in orbit around the moon.
 The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
 The rocket was launched into space.
 The blast-off took place on schedule.
 The rocket was hardly up when it exploded.
 My bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments I have to make.
 How many payments will it take to pay off this loan?
 Interest on loans is high at present.
 I see a surge in loan growth.
 Role-playing video games are time consuming.
 Lori suggested that we should take a ten-minute coffee break.
 Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
 Lola danced with grace.
 Laura may have been sick.
 Laura is very particular about her clothes.
 The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
 Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
 Although 475AD is the year that shows the 'decline' of the Roman Empire, it is not the year of its 'fall'.
 The Romans worshiped their goddess, Juno.
 Romans did not want their empire to decline; but it did.
 The Romans tried to civilize the ancient Britons.
 The Romans persecuted Christians.
 Have you ever visited Rome?
 If you have ever visited Rome, you must have seen the Coliseum.
 Rome is a city worth visiting.
 Rome is worthy of a visit.
 Rome has a lot of charm for me.
 Rome abounds with relics.
 Rome is an old city.
 Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
 Do in Rome as the Romans do.
 Rome is in Italy.
 The history of Rome is very interesting.
 I'm looking for books on Roman history.
 The Roman football game was like the Greek game.
 Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
 Fasten the rope to the tree.
 Let go of the rope.
 Don't let go of the rope.
 I want a knife with which to cut the rope.
 I let down the rope.
 Pull the rope tight.
 Pull your robe together.
 He cut himself free with his knife.
 Take hold of the rope.
 Take hold of the rope, and I'll pull you up.
 The rope was a couple of meters too short.
 Hold the rope.
 Hold on to the rope.
 Holding on to the rope firmly, I came safely to land.
 A rope was thrown into the water.
 Stand back from the rope.
 Ropes surround the place.
 May I have a road map, please?
 Would you put out the candles?
 Rose was blowing bubbles.
 Roast beef is usually accompanied by Yorkshire pudding.
 Roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
 Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
 Rosa Parks was arrested, and the black community of Montgomery was shocked and angry.
 His confusion betrayed his lie.
 Put out the candle. The blackout is over.
 The candle has gone out.
 The candle was blown out by the wind.
 The candles made the room bright.
 The candle went out instead of having been put out.
 The candle went out of itself.
 The candle grew shorter and shorter, until at last it went out.
 Burning the candle at both ends reduces the candle to wax in a hurry - just like a playboy having a pretty girl on each arm.
 The candle flickered a few times and then went out.
 The candle's flame is flickering in the soft breeze.
 Please light a candle.
 The candle burned out.
 The candle went out by itself.
 A birthday cake with twelve candles on top.
 The Royal Shakespeare Company is presenting The Merchant of Venice next week.
 The evening performance at the Royal Theater had ended, and the audience had gone home.
 Roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents.
 Roy is secretive and Ted is candid.
 Roy denied having visited her yesterday.
 Roy fastened the medal with a pin.
 Roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor's license.
 Roy looks happy when his girlfriend calls him.
 Lois always butts into our conversation.
 I'd like to rent a car.
 According to the X-ray, everything is all right.
 I would also like to rent a car.
 Where do I return cars?
 How much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location?
 Through the lens the image was inverted.
 Can I buy only the lenses?
 If you add lemon, it will become sour.
 Lemons and limes are acidic fruits.
 The lemon is a sour fruit.
 Lemon is sour.
 The lemon has a flavor all of its own.
 A tea with lemon, please.
 Be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in.
 I had a very hard time writing the paper.
 I handed in my report yesterday.
 Reports are due next Monday.
 It's essential for the papers to be ready today.
 Please hand in your papers by the last day of this month.
 Will your report be finished in time for the meeting?
 When must I turn in the report?
 You should turn in your term papers by the end of April.
 I am terribly busy because the report deadline is near.
 This part of the report may be left out.
 The left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly.
 Press down on the lever.
 Miss Red taught me Japanese.
 Red Mulligan has announced that he'll fight Rocky Luciano next month.
 I remember singing scales every day during music lessons.
 Rex was a monster of a dog.
 Many restaurants and pubs are on Itsutsugi Street.
 When does the restaurant open?
 The dirty plates in the restaurant disgusted us.
 There are several customers in the restaurant.
 Music started playing in the restaurant so there was a real romantic mood.
 A welcome party took place in the restaurant.
 Smoking in the restaurant was forbidden.
 The restaurant billed me 250,yen for the party.
 The rescue party searched for the missing passengers.
 The leisure industry is sinking more money into new resorts.
 Where's the checkout counter?
 Please pay at the register.
 I lost my receipt. Can I still get a refund?
 Who was looking for the record shop?
 I sold off all my records.
 The record is finished. Turn it over to the other side.
 The record is finished. Turn it over.
 What do you think of reggae?
 Fill it with regular, please.
 Five gallons of regular, please.
 Leo started to roar when he was two years old.
 Can you take his place, Leo?
 A button has come off my raincoat.
 The car burned up in the race.
 The race was a photo finish.
 The race went down to the wire.
 Before the race, the runners have to warm up.
 I was exhausted after running the race.
 The horse that won the race was owned by Mr Johnson.
 Racing car drivers aren't just in it for the prize money but also for the thrill of racing.
 President Reagan's tax program has not worked.
 Reagan became President of the United States in 1981.
 How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
 The rangers decided to go to the sailor's rescue.
 Feel for the pockets of your raincoat.
 Within the rape crisis movement, Greesite's dissent is significant.
 It took Rei days to get over her injury.
 Soon after graduating from trade school, Ray Murphy was taken on as a machinist at the local automobile plant.
 I would like mine rare.
 Ruriko is a high school student.
 Rumi is the first daughter.
 The Renaissance established the dignity of man.
 Luciano, the underdog in the match, will be trying to make the champ eat humble pie.
 Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he's still wet behind the ears.
 Lucifera Vampirella is cute.
 Lucy is a student from America.
 There is nothing for you to do but obey the rules.
 Has my roommate been decided?
 It's so easy when you know the rules.
 My roommate is too talkative.
 My roommate's having a party.
 The room charge is dollars a night.
 Is room service still available?
 Room service. May I help you?
 Lucy made her parents happy.
 Lucy is certain to come.
 Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
 Lucy turned on the light switch.
 Lucy was brought up by her grandparents.
 Lucy came closer to the boy and laid her hand on his head.
 Lucy should be in the kitchen now.
 Lucy was beside herself with excitement.
 Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
 Has Lucy telephoned yet?
 Lucy sometimes visits May.
 Lucy likes playing tennis.
 Lucy is a pretty little girl.
 Lucy is from America.
 Lucy's mother told her to take care of her younger sister.
 Lucy has as many friends as I do.
 It was his car that ran over Lucy and her dog.
 It is certain that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
 Lucy came to see me three days ago.
 It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
 The bike ride told on Louie.
 Louie, your friends are coming.
 Fix your room, Louie.
 Lindbergh was the first man to fly across the Atlantic.
 Lynn runs fast.
 Lindbergh's solo nonstop transatlantic flight was a remarkable accomplishment.
 If it hadn't been for Lindbergh's luck and his knowledge of flying, he could never have succeeded in crossing the Atlantic.
 Linda was called back from college by her father's sudden illness.
 Linda came home late at night.
 Linda came into the building.
 Linda stood up to sing.
 Linda will try to have her own way in everything.
 Linda went to the park to listen to the music.
 Linda can dance as well as Meg.
 Linda stuck her tongue out.
 Such was Linda's disappointment that she burst into tears.
 Linda was wildly excited to learn that her aunt Nancy was coming to visit her.
 Linda loves chocolate.
 Linda is sixteen, but had no trouble passing for twenty.
 Money burns a hole in Linda's pocket.
 Linda's husband was two-timing her.
 Linda does not dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
 How did you like Linda's concert?
 Because of Linda's outstanding grades last semester, I have arranged for her to visit Europe.
 Who taught you to play the piano?
 Linda Wood was standing at the door.
 The child who was caught stealing apples bravely faced the music in accepting his punishment.
 Take the skin off before you eat the apple.
 I am eating an apple.
 Would you like another apple?
 She bit into the apple.
 Apples grow on trees.
 I'd like two kilos of apples.
 Do you like apples?
 The apples are not quite ripe.
 They sell apples at five dollars each.
 Apples are sold by the dozen.
 All the apple trees were cut down.
 The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
 The apple trees grew old and new ones were planted.
 I didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
 Half of the apples are rotten.
 The apple-blossom was touched by the frost.
 There is a pen between the apple and the book.
 Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
 Which do you like best, apples, oranges or grapes?
 The apple fell from the tree.
 There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
 The apples are ripe.
 Some apples fell down from the tree.
 An apple fell off the tree.
 One of the apples fell to the ground.
 An apple fell to the ground.
 Would you like to exchange links?
 The life of Lincoln is read by children all over the world.
 Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
 President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
 Lincoln granted liberty to slaves.
 Lincoln set the slaves free.
 Lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the United States.
 Lincoln was a great statesman.
 Lincoln is a great person.
 Lincoln is admired because of his leadership.
 Lincoln is one of the greatest figures in American history.
 Lincoln died in 1865.
 Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
 Lincoln's parents remained poor all their lives.
 Lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free.
 We associate the name of Lincoln with freedom.
 What operas are being performed at the Lincoln Center right now?
 Can you tell me how to get to Lincoln Center?
 A runner must pass the baton in a relay race.
 The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
 In order to relax, I need to listen to soothing music.
 You should take the shuttle bus.
 Please relax.
 What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
 Where should I wait for the shuttle bus?
 Could you tie it with a ribbon?
 Where can I find a shuttle bus?
 What's the fare to Liverpool?
 A trip to the Riviera should do you good.
 Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
 She lives near the edge of Wripple, so she drives in every day.
 A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
 Mr Rich acknowledged her favor.
 Ritsuko is something of an authority on the subject.
 Rick was over the moon about passing the exam.
 Rick and Carol broke up two months ago, but he's still carrying a torch for her.
 I haven't seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
 Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.
 Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
 Richard is fair, even to people he does not like.
 Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
 I'd like to make a person-to-person call to Mrs. Richards.
 Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
 The best approach to Lisbon is by sea.
 The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
 Squirrels are quick of movement.
 A squirrel hid among the branches.
 Squirrels are nimble in climbing trees.
 Listening practice tends to be monotonous.
 After getting downsized he started off on a clean slate and started a business working out of a home office.
 The list is as follows.
 Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
 Her name wasn't on the list.
 I added his name to the list.
 Strike his name from the list.
 Don't leave my name out of your list.
 Liz has been dead for eight years.
 Lisa told me that she had tried natto.
 Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
 Lisa bears a grudge against Stan.
 Lisa, keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy our train tickets.
 Lisa, this is Mr Murata. He's my boss.
 Rika had a good time singing at the party.
 Mrs. Lee is a great talker.
 A more plausible proposal is the one Leech presented in conjunction with Emmet's theory.
 The leader gave up the plan in despair.
 The leader should know where to set up the tent.
 The conflicts among leaders resulted in unhealthy sectionalism.
 The lamp hung from the ceiling.
 The light of the lamp glimmered in the fog.
 The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
 The lamp was swinging back and forth.
 The lamp went out, and all was black.
 Do you have a business acquaintance in Randolph., Ltd?
 Where is the laundry?
 You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
 Are there any detergents in the laundry?
 Two for the lunch buffet, please.
 I'll bring lunch.
 Lander assumes that rioting and gang behavior are a result of poverty and poor economic conditions.
 It is worth noting that Lander made the necessary modifications.
 It is not clear whether Lander intended to alter Emmet's style from the beginning.
 Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
 Even if you don't like rum, try a glass of this.
 A Cuba Libre is a cocktail with a rum base.
 It says on the label to take two tablets.
 Few students can read Latin.
 Latin is a highly inflected language.
 The parallel with English becomes even more striking when we realize that Latin continued to be used for many hundreds of years more as the world's first "international language."
 If you want to eat at Raffle's, you must reserve weeks ahead.
 Rap is crap.
 It is in early spring that daffodils come into bloom.
 Russell was a brilliant philosopher, but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him.
 During the rush hours we find it difficult to get a taxi around here.
 There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
 I would rather leave early than travel on rush-hour trains.
 Going to school during the rush hour is tiring and unpleasant.
 I was caught in the rush hour.
 A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
 I really enjoyed betting in Las Vegas.
 It's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
 It's easy to lose track of time when you are in Las Vegas.
 Last call!
 Listening to the radio, I heard the telephone ring.
 While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
 I'm listening to the radio.
 I had my radio repaired by him.
 Who was the inventor of the radio?
 Shut off the radio.
 Unless you turn the radio off, I will go mad.
 Turn off the radio, please.
 Would you mind turning off the radio?
 Will you please turn down the radio?
 I took the radio apart to repair it.
 Can I borrow your radio?
 Will it bother you if I turn on the radio?
 Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
 Do you mind my turning on the radio?
 Turn on the radio.
 Please turn on the radio.
 I found that I could not study well with the radio on.
 I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
 The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
 The radio will not work.
 Radio is a great invention.
 The radio gave a warning of bad weather.
 The radio was invented by Marconi.
 The radio gave place to television.
 It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
 I have to change the batteries in the radio.
 The blare of the radio burst upon our ears.
 Please turn down the radio.
 Turn the radio up a little.
 Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
 Turn down the radio.
 Could you turn down the radio?
 The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
 The radio is too loud.
 The radio doesn't work.
 If you listen to English programs on the radio, you can learn English for nothing.
 The radio is disturbed by noises.
 Turn the radio down.
 According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
 According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North.
 We listened to his lecture on the radio.
 The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
 The radio warned us of the possibility of flooding.
 There is a short program of local news on the radio.
 Did you hear the news on the radio this morning?
 The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
 The radio is a bit loud.
 The radio is out of order.
 The radio broadcast the news in detail.
 It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
 Hold the racket tight.
 Can I rent rackets?
 Send me a racket and my tennis shoes.
 Playing rugby, he got injured.
 Rugby is an outdoor game.
 Rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain.
 My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
 The rugby ball is shaped something like an egg.
 How many people do you need for a rugby game?
 Rugby, American football, and Australian rules football all come from soccer.
 A camel can store a large amount of water in the hump on its back.
 It goes without saying that camels are very useful in the Middle East.
 Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
 A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
 Our journey by camel was quite an experience.
 A long train of camels was moving to the west.
 If you go near a camel, you risk being bitten.
 A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
 The Rhine is the boundary between France and Germany.
 The Rhine runs between France and Germany.
 We must wait for a few weeks to see the lilacs.
 A rifle shot broke the peace of the early morning.
 The Wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine.
 Do you have any light beer?
 We would now like to have some sample flashlights.
 Please turn off the light.
 Mr Wright speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
 Have you got a lighter?
 I put my lighter down somewhere and now I can't find it.
 Do you have a lighter?
 I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
 Can I have seconds on rice and cabbage?
 Lisa is so skillful that she can even make screws and similar small objects for herself.
 We've got to catch the lion alive.
 The lions are in the cage.
 The lion is called the king of animals.
 The lion is often used as a symbol of courage.
 The lion is the king of beasts.
 Lions feed on flesh.
 The lion is king of beasts.
 Lions live on other animals.
 The lion ripped the flesh from the dead giraffe.
 The lions fought with each other to get food.
 The lion opened its huge mouth and roared.
 The lion is the king of the jungle.
 The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
 The lion ate the rabbit in one bite.
 The lion walked to and fro in its cage all day.
 Did you hear the roar of the lions?
 Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
 The lion and the tiger are two different species of cat.
 What's the difference between lions and leopards?
 The Lions had an easy win over the Hawks.
 The Lions caught up in the 7th inning.
 Whether you pick the Lions or Tigers to win, the result will be a toss-up because both teams are equally strong.
 As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
 The lion put an end to his prey with one stroke.
 Mrs. Lark played the piano and the children sang.
 The salt, if you please.
 Please come here soon if you don't mind.
 Thank you in advance.
 Lay these books on my desk, if you don't mind.
 You may come if you like.
 I will be over tomorrow if you like.
 If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
 You all right?
 I'd like to be left alone for a while, if you don't mind.
 Well, but what about the money?
 Fair enough!
 All right. I'll accept your offer.
 The most credible hypothesis is the one that limits the number of elements in the domain T.
 If you would like to have further information, please contact me.
 We want further information.
 On colder days, they curl up or dig a hole in the snow.
 Many retired people move to the Sunbelt to enjoy sports such as golf or tennis in a milder climate.
 In order to serve you better, your call may be monitored.
 Why did you marry John, of all people?
 Make more efforts.
 Of all places to meet you!
 Since we can't find a better one, let's make the best of what we have.
 I could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business.
 This was before John was put in prison.
 John testified concerning him.
 Now, this is John's testimony: Jews of Jerusalem sent priests and Levites to ask him who he was.
 Simon and Peter's brother Andrew was one of the two who heard what John had said.
 Unless it's something fairly impressive, I won't remember it.
 They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
 The yacht was at the mercy of the dreadful storm.
 The yacht sailed before the wind.
 Yachts are for the wealthy few.
 The yacht sailed around a buoy.
 It looks like Yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
 It offers a mouth-watering selection of delights.
 Put on your good shoes.
 Cut it out!
 Get set.
 All right. I'll come as soon as possible.
 All right, I will do it again.
 Yoshio resembles his mother in personality and his father in appearance.
 Whether it's good or not, let's do it anyway.
 All right. It's a deal.
 I'll lend you one if you like.
 Mind your own business.
 It is no business of yours.
 Do you travel a lot?
 I can't sleep well.
 Put out the light so that you can get a good sleep.
 I was at my best after a good sleep.
 I've had a good sleep.
 After sleeping well, I felt much better.
 I slept well, after which I felt much better.
 Barking dogs seldom bite.
 Work hard, or you will fail.
 I didn't hear you.
 I can't hear very well.
 Listen carefully.
 He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
 Listen carefully, or you'll miss what he says.
 I often have post-nasal drip.
 Her name often escapes me.
 I often see him.
 If you drive with anything less than extreme caution, you're risking your life.
 You should look up all unfamiliar words in a dictionary.
 I used to work in a noisy room.
 I'm often half-asleep.
 Shake before using.
 It seems that on clear, sunny days they could also use the sun to find their way home.
 Food must be chewed well to be digested properly.
 A sound sleep made me feel better.
 The pencil which writes well is mine.
 I urinate involuntarily.
 Much as we resemble one another, none of us are exactly alike.
 In a similar situation, the company was held liable.
 Hard use has worn this bag.
 Give me another couple of days to think it over.
 I'll sleep on it.
 Put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night.
 After some careful thought, I elected to stay at home.
 After mature reflection, I've decided to accept their offer.
 I would often go fishing in the lake.
 You must keep your eyes open.
 Don't make me laugh.
 I would often go skating on the lake.
 I often get conjunctivitis.
 I often feel extremely exhausted.
 I feel depressed often.
 All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
 Well do I remember the day.
 Well do I remember the first day we met.
 I don't remember exactly, but I suppose it was Friday last week.
 Do you eat out often?
 I often go to the movies.
 I wonder what has become of the friend I used to go fishing with.
 Watch your leader and act accordingly.
 You are doing very well. Keep it up.
 I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
 How dare you say such a thing to her!
 How dare he complain?
 He felt a resentment against his uncle for taking him in.
 How dare you laugh at me!
 How dare you speak like that to me?
 How dare you ask me for help!
 You really made me lose face.
 How dare you say such a thing!
 How dare you talk to me like that!
 How dare you behave so rudely!
 What a nerve!
 How dare you behave like that!
 I don't see how you can eat that stuff.
 How can you stand all these noises?
 I applaud your decision to quit smoking.
 You should talk. You only got a 65.
 He's the one who made an excursion there.
 Do you have this symptom often?
 I sneeze a lot.
 Tom was late for class, as is often the case.
 He was not at home, as is often the case with him.
 John was not at home, as is often the case with him.
 She forgot her umbrella, as is often the case with her.
 He returned home very late, as was often the case.
 As was often the case with him, he came late.
 As is often the case, he was late for school.
 As often happens, he slept right through the lesson.
 Henry was not at home, as is often the case with him.
 As is often the case, the boy ran away from home.
 How can you tolerate that rude fellow?
 How dare you say that!
 A good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation.
 Happy is a man who marries a good wife.
 It backfired on me despite my good intentions.
 For better or worse, there is nothing for it but to leave the matter in his hands.
 Come along with us if you like.
 Good. No absentees.
 The European likes to drink wine.
 Europeans tried to civilize the tribe.
 While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
 I traveled about Europe.
 I'd like to see you before I leave for Europe.
 I've never been to Europe.
 Europe is a continent of energetic peoples.
 Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
 In most of the countries in Europe, cars have to keep to the right.
 The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
 Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
 No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
 I've just been to the airport to see off a friend who was leaving for Europe.
 I hear he met with some kind of misfortune while he was in Europe.
 Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
 Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
 Europe is now reported to be entirely free of new cases of this disease.
 There are a lot of different people in Europe.
 I visited Paris in Europe.
 While in Europe, she visited Rome.
 Fatigue follows a flight to Europe.
 Past the west coasts of Europe and Africa to the tip of southern Africa.
 I hope you will have a good time in Europe.
 School starts in September in Europe.
 In Europe, people regard punctuality as a matter of course.
 All right! You will be sorry for this.
 Yoko translated some poems from Japanese into English.
 Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
 At last, they were reconciled.
 I finally talked her into lending me the book.
 Eventually it was decided that the stores be equipped with surveillance cameras.
 I am finally quits with the man.
 It is finally all over. Now we can relax.
 It is finally all over.
 Finally, Susan cuts her mother short, promises to write, and hangs up.
 Finally, I have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
 In short, all our efforts resulted in nothing.
 In the last analysis, methods don't educate children; people do.
 Welcome to the machine.
 I'm glad you could come to the party.
 Yo, my man!
 We have a saying to the effect that a good neighbor is better than a faraway relative.
 I am happy to have so many good friends.
 There is no one who doesn't want to have good friends.
 It is important for us to choose good friends.
 Good leather will wear for years.
 Sweet dreams!
 A good method for investing is a monthly allotment.
 Good traditions should be preserved.
 Do you think we'll have good weather?
 Nice weather added to our pleasure.
 A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
 Good news was in store for us at home.
 If you have a good garden, it will enhance the value of your house.
 There never was a good war nor a bad peace.
 All that you have to do to get a good seat is to leave early.
 I went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat.
 Go early in order to get a good seat.
 Good students always keep their desk clean.
 Making good grades requires studying hard.
 The true secret of writing a good letter is to write as if you were talking.
 Have a good weekend!
 Good food and enough sleep are absolutely necessary to good health.
 Two years went by before I could find a good job.
 This will be one of the best memories of my life.
 Keep a good dictionary at hand.
 A good idea came across my mind.
 If you want to do good work, you should use the proper tools.
 Let's hope for good results.
 The best fish smell when they are three days old.
 A good pair of glasses will help you to read.
 Good students study hard.
 Good fences make good neighbors.
 It is not so difficult to appreciate good music.
 To write good English requires a lot of practice.
 Good movies broaden your horizons.
 Have a nice day.
 To be a good batter, you've got to hang loose and follow your instincts.
 You must educate your tongue to distinguish good coffee from bad.
 A good coach trains this team.
 Can you recommend a good camera?
 I wish you a Happy New Year.
 It's a nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
 Warmest Easter wishes for you.
 Have a nice day!
 Lilies smell sweet.
 The whiteness of the lily is a symbol of purity.
 A smell of lilies filled the room.
 Yuriko arranges flowers in her spare time.
 The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
 The baby in the cradle is very pretty.
 Look at the baby sleeping in the cradle.
 What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
 Yumi has much money now.
 Look at the cute little baby sleeping in the cradle.
 Yumi can't finish it in a day.
 Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
 Yumiko was a little angry.
 Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
 Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
 I don't want to associate with Yumiko; she usually tells lies.
 It is impossible for Yumi to finish it in a day.
 Do you know what UNESCO stands for?
 Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?
 I have a connecting flight on UA 111.
 Where's the counter for the United Airlines?
 Walk slowly.
 If you sit back and rest, you will feel much better.
 Where is the boarding gate for UA 111?
 Walk slowly, and I will catch up with you.
 Take your time.
 He slowly finished the race.
 Take your time. We have all afternoon to shop.
 Work slowly.
 Work slowly, and you won't make mistakes.
 Drive slowly.
 Drive slowly. You might have an accident.
 Speak slowly and clearly.
 Only slowly did he begin to understand the situation.
 Slow and steady wins the race.
 I'll come provided you drive slowly.
 Slow speech is characteristic of that man.
 Won't you stay for tea?
 Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, the apocalyptic books were more successful with certain movements.
 His wife's second cousin was a member of the Jewish ruling council.
 When it was almost time for the Jewish Passover, Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
 Hence percent of the muscle can give way to fat.
 The sense of humor is mysteriously bound up with national characteristics.
 His father passed away last night in the hospital.
 The bananas you brought to me last night were all bad.
 Did you feel the earth shake last night?
 Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
 I had a dreadful dream last night.
 A strange thing happened last night.
 There was thunder and lightning last night.
 Did you enjoy yourself last evening?
 There were five fires last night.
 Last night I did not get a wink of sleep.
 I had a good sleep last night.
 Last night, I barely made the last train.
 We had a very good time last night.
 I could hardly get a wink of sleep last night.
 The game was exciting last night.
 I was expecting you last night.
 There was a large audience at the piano recital last night.
 There was a fire in this city last night. We can't tell exactly what time it broke out.
 There was a fire in this city last night.
 Our car broke down last night.
 What is a UFO?
 Yuji told his friend a story about his adventure during the summer vacation.
 Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.million people into refugees over the last three months.
 Mrs. Young wouldn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
 Mrs. Young didn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly.
 Mr Young has no less than six cars.
 Miss Young is very kind.
 Mr. Young wishes his son would study harder.
 The Yankees got the better of the Dodgers.
 I can hear the soft breathing.
 Maybe I will settle down with a woman.
 Well, here we are!
 It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
 You can improve your English if you try.
 Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
 I have a lot of homework to do.
 Much still remains to be done.
 Do your best in anything you do.
 Little remains to be done.
 I was disappointed at there being so little to do.
 If you try at all, you should try your best.
 If you do it at all, do it well.
 There are a lot of ways of doing it.
 Show me how to do it, please.
 Do what you have left undone, if anything.
 Don't overdo it.
 I simply haven't the time to do everything I want to do.
 We worked hard to make ends meet.
 It is challenging and I am learning a lot.
 Get 'em before they get you!
 Having much to do, I felt depressed.
 He stuck to his opinion though I told him not to.
 Stop, I say.
 Don't do that!!! There's a computer at the drug store.
 Stop that, or I'll fix your wagon.
 Stop it. You're being ridiculous.
 Stop it! I'm a Giants fan.
 I've told you over and over again not to do that.
 I disliked the idea of the necessary call, but it had to be done.
 He was compelled to sign the contract.
 I was compelled to leave school.
 Far from stopping, the storm became much more intense.
 The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
 Let sleeping dogs lie.
 Let well enough alone.
 I think the Thai food at this place is seasoned so Japanese will like it.
 I studied his face for signs of weariness.
 I showed them the difference of ability.
 He stabbed me in the back!
 You managed it after all.
 You get rusty if you haven't spoken English for a long time.
 You're just the kind of person I imagined you'd be.
 I was easily taken in by his smooth talk.
 I got a driver's license at last.
 I have finally regained my regular form.
 The weather has settled at last.
 Well, here we are at last!
 At last, I graduated from junior high school.
 Finally, we found a point of compromise.
 It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
 At last, the truth became known to us.
 At last, my turn came.
 I finally got a job.
 At last, we made contact with the police.
 After all that, the pain went away.
 Thank God it's Friday!
 At last, we were home!
 At last, the end-of-term exams are over.
 Pick a job that you enjoy and working will seem easy.
 Finally, I finished a painting.
 So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
 The rain stopped at last.
 I finally found my way out of the confusing maze.
 At last, Mary recovered her senses.
 At last, the bus stopped.
 At long last he made up his mind to propose to her.
 The meaning dawned upon me at last.
 The tulips budded finally.
 At last, James Bond made it as an actor.
 I'm glad I've finally caught you.
 In the end, I found out what was wrong with my TV.
 What is good to do cannot be done too soon.
 Do to others as you would be done by.
 You'll succeed if you try.
 You can do it if you try.
 You never know what you can do till you try.
 I think it better not to try.
 I found it easy when I gave it a try.
 Try as he might, he couldn't get the door open.
 I found it impossible to get in contact with him.
 I tried, only to fail.
 I have a lot of activities which take up my time.
 I felt I had hit the jackpot.
 It is the first step which is troublesome.
 The problem was how to drive quickly and safely to the house.
 In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
 I have to lose weight, so I'm on a diet.
 In order to lose weight, it is best to take up some sport.
 Don't be a busybody.
 If you want to lose weight, you'll have to be careful about what you eat.
 Tenderness is an important element in a person's character.
 Explain it in plain terms, please.
 Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.
 Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
 Written in easy English, this book is suitable for beginners.
 Written in simple English, this book is suitable for beginners.
 I got blisters from the burn.
 Cool the burned finger in running water.
 Desperate men often do desperate things.
 Before long, she will be a good teacher.
 It will not be long before she regrets it.
 By and by he forgot that affair.
 In due time, his innocence will be proved.
 The time will soon come when his words will come true.
 Before long he came into the room.
 It will not be long before the winter vacation ends.
 It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
 It was not long before I caught up with him.
 By and by, the bitter north wind began to blow.
 By and by the moon appeared on the horizon.
 Before long, the moon began to appear.
 Coming events cast their shadows before.
 I hope it will clear up soon.
 It may rain soon.
 Love will come in time.
 By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
 In time, Tom came to love her.
 The day will soon come when there will be no more wars in the world.
 It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
 It will not be long before you accommodate yourself to the new circumstances.
 In due course, eating meat will be considered as horrible as eating human flesh.
 By and by it will become colder again.
 Hello, Meg, how have you been?
 I haven't seen you for a long time, Bill.
 Hello, John! How are you?
 Hi! What's new?
 Hello, how's business?
 "Now, boys." he said.
 Hey, Bob. Where do you have your car washed?
 Hi, Fred, how about badminton on Thursday?
 Hi, Bill. How are you?
 Hello, Tom. Good morning.
 Hello. Fancy meeting you here.
 Hi! How are you?
 Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
 How high is Mont Blanc?
 Speaking with reporters in Montreal, Canada, Walesa says the change of leadership in East Germany came about because the old guard leaders missed the train of history.
 The buses in Montgomery were segregated.
 Montgomery was where it all began.
 Mont Blanc is covered with snow all the year round.
 Molly has a large clock.
 Hey, Molly, why don't you come?
 It is better to give than to take.
 My allowance does not pay for my tuition.
 The haze enveloped London.
 The skin of peaches bruises easily.
 I don't believe him any longer.
 It's really wonderful seeing you again, Momoe.
 I'm confident that there won't be a world war.
 I don't trust him any longer.
 I have nothing further to say.
 There is no longer any room for doubt.
 No one speaks this language anymore.
 I do not need a loan anymore.
 I have something to ask of you.
 You'll never know unless you try.
 It is hard to get to the heart of the thing.
 He was flying down the road.
 There has to be a first time for everything.
 The sound of an awful scream made him shudder.
 Measure the length of the stick with a ruler.
 Try to see things as they really are.
 Monet's art is representative of Impressionism.
 Mona Lisa has a mild but mysterious smile.
 I hope to make clear why I think Emmet's theory, originally introduced in the field of design architecture, is so important in physics.
 He is said to have been a man of respectable position.
 Put it back where you found it.
 I used to read novels at random.
 I'll see if he is in.
 Please put it back in its place.
 A model must have an attractive body.
 The modem was built into the computer.
 You must be more polite.
 May God show us a better life!
 With more courage, I might have proposed to Mary.
 In the absence of a better idea I had to choose this method.
 I'd like it in a brighter color.
 You should eat more vegetables.
 I have promised myself to read more books.
 You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
 I regret that I did not work harder.
 You will fail unless you work harder.
 You're old enough to know better.
 Do you have better quality ones?
 More often than not, she had to go in person.
 I wish I had more time to talk with her.
 I wish I were taller.
 Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
 I will tell you more about Japan.
 You should have talked more politely.
 Drive more carefully, or you will run into trouble.
 Drive more carefully, or you will have an accident.
 You must learn to be more careful.
 A careful reader would have noticed the mistake.
 Do your work with more care.
 I've told you again and again to be more careful.
 Be more careful, or you will make mistakes.
 How I wish I had been more careful!
 With a little more care, he wouldn't have failed.
 If you had been more careful, you would not have met with an accident.
 Speak more slowly.
 I want to buy a more expensive watch.
 You don't have to leave me hanging like this. Why don't you just come out and tell it to me straight?
 We should judge matters on a broader basis.
 Raise your voice.
 Could you speak louder? I'm hard of hearing.
 Louder.
 Speak louder, please.
 Louder, please.
 If it's possible, I'd like to exchange this for a larger size.
 Do you have a larger size?
 He was laid off until there was more work to do.
 Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
 You are to get up earlier.
 I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
 Sorry I didn't reply sooner.
 You should have warned him before.
 Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
 I should have left earlier.
 We should have set off earlier.
 Please forgive me for not having written sooner.
 She accused me of not writing to her sooner.
 I ought to have made a hotel reservation earlier.
 You should have started by now.
 You should have told it to me sooner.
 You ought to have come here earlier.
 Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
 You need to eat more fiber.
 Speak more quietly, please.
 Less noise, please.
 Tell me the more exact time.
 It runs deeper than that.
 Eat more fresh vegetables.
 Eat more, or you won't gain strength.
 You must gather further information.
 Show me a better one.
 Look up more.
 I want more detailed information.
 Moving to a smaller place will reduce the expenses.
 Quieter!
 Do you have any smaller sizes?
 Be more flexible.
 Do you have a smaller size?
 I wish I were younger.
 If I were younger, I would go abroad to study.
 I wish we had more time.
 If I had had more time, I would have written to you.
 I could have done better if I had had more time.
 I would have written a longer letter if I'd had more time.
 Come closer to me.
 You must treat them with more consideration.
 I wish there was more variety in my work.
 Try to be a more rational consumer.
 You should try to behave better.
 You must act more wisely.
 We have to cut business expenses here. Haven't you ever heard of looking at how much you're getting before you start spending?
 A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
 Come closer and have a good look at this picture.
 With more education, he would have found a better job.
 Put more spirit into your work.
 Just take it easy.
 Could you put it in plain language?
 Please let me know if you need help in reserving a room closer to the Convention Center.
 Sometimes I feel like living a more peaceful life.
 If you don't get more exercise, you'll get fat.
 I'm going to get more exercise.
 Do more exercise, or you'll get too fat.
 Will you please advise him to work harder?
 You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
 If you had studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
 You had better have studied harder.
 Could you reduce the price a little?
 Haven't you got a cheaper edition?
 Do you have anything cheaper?
 Do you have any cheaper seats?
 Can you give me a better price?
 Show me a cheaper one, please.
 Do you have less expensive ones?
 Do you have anything less expensive?
 How about some more roast beef?
 Let's keep him in the dark until we know more.
 Born in better times, he would have become famous.
 Born in better times, he would have become a great scholar.
 The education system needs to be more flexible.
 Won't you speak more slowly?
 He asked me to speak more slowly.
 We appealed to our teacher to go more slowly.
 Walk more slowly.
 Could you drive more slowly?
 You ought to eat more slowly.
 Drive more slowly, or you'll get a ticket.
 Could you speak more slowly, please?
 The brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates.
 The handsomest flower is not sweetest.
 The fastest runner can't run meters in seconds.
 It is that Emmet's theory is compatible with previous theories in physics that is of most significance.
 Most important of all, the brain needs global reentry pathways connecting these anatomical structures.
 You had better begin with easier questions.
 Help yourself to more potato chips.
 I should have come earlier.
 Does anyone want some more pie?
 I'll explain the matter to you later on.
 I want a lot more.
 Buckle down and get to work. Do you think we're on a Sunday picnic here?
 Help yourself to more cookies.
 Please help yourself to some more cake.
 How about more fruit, Goro?
 You should eat more fruit.
 Would you care for more cookies?
 I had hoped to save more money.
 I wish I earned more money.
 I'm going to save more money.
 If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
 You should exert yourself to get better results.
 We would move to a bigger house if we had more money.
 A pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice.
 Can you think of something better?
 Benefits of course should exceed the costs.
 Of course you can take it if you want.
 Of course, neither goods nor mailing fee returned.
 She'll do it as a matter of course.
 She naturally accepted the invitation.
 I'll certainly go and see him.
 As a matter of course, he is quite right.
 Of course I accepted his offer of support.
 Of course, many senior citizens are happy with retirement.
 Of course, there were concerts in the town.
 Of course there should be local hospitals.
 Yes, of course.
 Of course it's difficult to gain access to the Prime Minister.
 The magnets, of course, have a magnetic field around them.
 Of course I will go.
 Of course, I will be at the party.
 Of course our lifestyle is different from America.
 I took it for granted that you would join.
 Air as well as sunlight is, needless to say, indispensable to our daily life.
 Oh, sure, I studied English in my school days. But it wasn't until two or three years ago that I really started taking it seriously.
 Of course, we must do our best.
 It goes without saying that country life is healthier than town life.
 Sure, go right ahead.
 Definitely!
 Of course I remember the news quite well.
 Of course, you may.
 Why not?
 Of course they resemble each other in some ways.
 As a matter of course, she passed the examination.
 Of course I can drive a car very well.
 I am against the war, of course.
 Of course, I'm young, and politics is conducted by grown-ups.
 Of course, I will go there with you.
 I am, of course.
 Of course, to be valuable, an old carpet must be in good condition.
 Why not? I'd be happy to.
 Of course Darwin, like many of his contemporaries, wished to be seen as following the Newtonian method.
 By all means. Go ahead.
 I will help you, of course.
 Every man for his own trade.
 Modern jazz is not to my taste.
 Modern jazz is not my line.
 The day is breaking soon.
 Once I learned what to listen for, I came to appreciate modern jazz.
 It's best to wear a cap on your head during the cold Moscow winters.
 You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
 If your essay is on the short side, you can always pad it out with a few quotations.
 If anyone comes in my absence, tell him that I won't come back till evening.
 If it had not been for the storm, we would have been in time for the meeting.
 If you can, come with us.
 Come if possible.
 If you care to, come with us.
 If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
 You'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels.
 Provided you have a reservation, you can check in anytime.
 If you have a certificate of immunization, please bring it when you come.
 What would you do if you saw a ghost?
 If you can't keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
 If you have any interesting books, lend me some.
 I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
 If it is sunny tomorrow, we will go on a picnic.
 If it snows much tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
 If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
 If it's a nice day tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
 If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
 The game will be called off if it rains tomorrow.
 If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
 If it rains tomorrow, the baseball game will be put off.
 If it is rainy tomorrow, the game will be put off.
 If it rains tomorrow, I won't go on a picnic.
 If it should rain tomorrow, we would go by bus.
 If it rains tomorrow, will you stay at home?
 If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.
 If it rains tomorrow, let's stay home.
 Otherwise we will have to cancel this order.
 If you want to make your dreams come true, keep on trying.
 In case you sleep, set the alarm.
 If it should rain tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
 If he would help you, he might come to you at once.
 What if he should happen to come late?
 What if he should happen to be late?
 What if he should fail?
 If you should need any help, just let me know.
 If I should fail again, I would give up the plan.
 If I happen to end up going abroad, I'd probably go for France.
 If anything should happen, please let me know.
 If it should rain, he will not come.
 If John should call me, tell him I'll be back at seven.
 What would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow?
 If she should come to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
 If I should fail, what would my parents say?
 If you're sure you're not in a hurry, I can use a little help.
 If it were not for books, life would be boring.
 If my brother were here, he would know what to do.
 Were I you, I would ignore it.
 Were I you, I would follow his advice.
 If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
 If you are busy, I will help you.
 If my mother were still alive, she would have helped me.
 If you come upon a new word in a sentence, what will you do with it?
 Even if you lose the game, you'll have another chance.
 If it had not been for his father's help, he would have failed in business.
 If you have any complaints, let me know, and I'll look into them.
 If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.
 If I were not ill, I would join you.
 What would you do if you had a million dollars?
 Let me help you, if necessary.
 If necessary, I'll come at nine tomorrow.
 I'll go and meet him, if it's necessary.
 If you are tired, go to bed.
 If he hadn't been tired, he would've gone.
 If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
 If I knew her name and address, I could write to her.
 If I knew her address, I would write to her.
 If I had known her address, I could have visited her.
 If I had noticed her, I would have got her autograph.
 If she hadn't made waves about it, she never would have got her money back.
 If she'd set off now, she would make it on time.
 There is no telling what would happen if she doesn't show up.
 With a little more patience, she would have succeeded.
 If she visits France again, she will have been there three times.
 If she were here now, I would tell her the truth.
 If she had trusted you, she wouldn't have done so.
 If you call him a clever man, he may be happy.
 To look at him, you would take him to be a foreigner.
 If they hadn't found the vase, John would have been accused of stealing it.
 If it were not for his help, I might fail.
 If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
 If it had not been for his advice, I might have failed.
 If it hadn't been for his help, she might have drowned.
 If I knew his address, I would write to him.
 If I knew his address, I would get in touch with him right away.
 If I had known his address, I would have written.
 As I didn't know his address, I couldn't write to him.
 If I knew his address, I could write to him.
 With his support, she might have been elected mayor.
 If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in our enterprise.
 If it were not for his assistance, we could not carry out the project.
 If it had not been for his help, we would have failed in business.
 The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.
 She wouldn't have married him if she had known him better.
 If he had enough time, he might have done good work.
 If you happen to see him, please give him my best regards.
 If you do that to him, he will cut your throat.
 We will help him if he asks us.
 You'll have to take his place in case he can't come.
 If he comes, tell him to wait for me.
 If he came tomorrow, I would have more time to talk.
 If he had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
 She would have fallen into the pond if he had not caught her by the arm.
 If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
 If he had known her phone number, he could have called her up.
 If he had heard her advice, he would have succeeded.
 If it hadn't been for his advice, I couldn't have succeeded.
 If he should arrive late, you may start the conference without him.
 If he had been honest, I would have employed him.
 If he sends me any letters, I just tear them up and throw them away.
 If he had not picked me up, I would not be here now.
 I'll be deeply affected by his death.
 He ought to be punished if he commits a crime.
 If he doesn't get a letter from me once a month, he will reveal the Pope's secret to the world.
 Born in a rich family, he would have studied in England.
 If he is absent, we will not have an English test.
 If he will not work hard, he will be fired.
 If you hear anything new from him, please let me know about it.
 If he had worked harder, he might be a rich man now.
 If he will come, I will wait for him till he comes.
 If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
 Had he known the facts, the accident might have been avoided.
 Had he known the truth, he would have told me.
 He would still be alive had he refused to go to the battlefield then.
 He would not say so if he didn't know about that.
 If he were here, what would he say?
 If he comes, so much the better.
 If he comes, show him into my room.
 If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
 If he carries on drinking like that, he's going to have a problem.
 If he had left at ten, he would have arrived here by now.
 If I had had enough money, I would have bought the book.
 If you are ever in Japan, come and see me.
 You may take the book if you can read it.
 I'll come at three o'clock if it is convenient to you.
 If it's convenient come here tonight.
 If the telephone rings, can you answer it?
 Without telephones, it would be inconvenient.
 I'm not here if anybody calls.
 If anybody calls, get his number.
 If it were not for electricity, our civilized life would be impossible.
 Can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity?
 The gathering will be large if the weather is good.
 I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine.
 Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
 He says that if he were a bird he would fly to me.
 If you ever come to town, come to see me.
 If it had not been for the map, I would have lost my way.
 What would become of our city if an earthquake were to hit it?
 If anyone comes to see me, tell him that I am out.
 If anybody comes, tell him that I am out.
 If you want to go to college, study English harder.
 If they admit me to the university, I think I will major in economics.
 But that he was idle, he would have succeeded.
 I will come provided I feel well enough.
 I will come provided I am well enough.
 If the sun were to rise in the west, I would never give up the plan.
 If the sun were to go out, all living things would die.
 If the sun were to stop shining, all living things would die.
 If it were not for the sun, there would be no life on the earth.
 If it were not for the sun, we could not live.
 If it were not for the sun, every living thing would die.
 If it were not for the sun, no living creatures could exist on the earth.
 If it were not for the sun, we could not live at all.
 Other things being equal, the simplest explanation is the best.
 Supposing war broke out, what would you do?
 If a player hit the tree with the ball, it meant that the crops would grow successfully.
 What will become of us if a war breaks out?
 If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
 If you are to be successful, you are to do your best.
 If you are to succeed, you must work hard.
 If our neighbors around the world are in need, let's lend a helping hand.
 If it were not for water, human life would be impossible.
 If it were not for water, nothing could live.
 If it were not for water, no creature could live.
 If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
 If it were not for water, humans could not survive.
 If it were not for water, we could not live.
 If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
 If you have a medical certificate, bring it.
 He is nothing, if not kind.
 You'd better not swim if you've just eaten.
 If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
 If wisely used, money can do much.
 If you are to win, you should do your best.
 But for my advice, you would have failed.
 What do you think would happen if it were not for books?
 If I had enough money, I would buy that nice car.
 If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
 If I had 25% more income, I'd be more satisfied with my life.
 Suppose you are fired, what will you do first?
 If you have any difficulty, ask me for help.
 If the car is gone, he can't be at the office.
 If the number of cars increases, so will the traffic.
 If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
 If they don't have a car, they'll come by taxi.
 What would you do, if you lost your job?
 If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
 I will come, time permitting.
 If you have time, please drop in on us.
 If he had failed the exam, what would he have done?
 If the accident happens, report to me.
 If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
 Before going home, I have a few drinks to relax.
 Suppose that we miss the last train, what should we do?
 If a burglar came into my room, I would throw something at him.
 If anything should ever happen to me, you can look here.
 If you had taken my advice, you wouldn't be in such trouble.
 If not for my advice, you would have failed.
 If my house were a mansion, I would invite everyone I know to my birthday party.
 If I had wings, I would fly to you.
 If I had enough time, I would talk with you.
 If I had wings to fly, I would have gone to save her.
 But for my family, I would not work so hard.
 But for my family, I would not have worked so hard.
 If I had had enough money, I could have bought it.
 If we all pull together we should be able to get the country out of the mess it's in.
 If we want a peaceful life, we cannot help objecting to war.
 It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
 It would be splendid if we could go there, wouldn't it?
 If I don't come back, the venture will probably be unsuccessful.
 If I had known his address, I would have written to him.
 Were I a bird, I would fly to you.
 If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
 In case I am late, you don't have to wait for me.
 If I were a boy, I could join a baseball team.
 If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
 If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
 If I were to die, what would my family do?
 If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
 Were I in your position, I would oppose that plan.
 If I were in your place, I would not do so.
 Had I realized what you intended, I wouldn't have agreed.
 If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
 If I were you, I should not do such a thing.
 If I had been with you, I could have helped you.
 If I were you, I would go home at once.
 If I were rich, I would study abroad, but as it is I can't do so.
 If I were rich, I would buy a fine house.
 If I were free, I could help you.
 If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
 If I were free, I would accept his invitation.
 If I had known it, I would have told it to you.
 If I had known about it, I would have changed my plan.
 Had I known about it, I would have told you.
 If I had been rich, I would have given you some money.
 If I had enough money, I could buy it.
 If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
 Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
 If I were you, I would trust her.
 Were I in your position, I would do it at once.
 If I were you, I would quit my job and leave London.
 If I were you, I would accept his offer.
 If I were you, I would have done the same thing in such a difficult situation.
 If I were you, I would apply for the scholarship.
 I would be more careful if I were you.
 If I were you, I wouldn't do a thing like that.
 I wouldn't do that if I were you.
 I wouldn't do it if I were you.
 If your child drinks poison, rush him to the hospital.
 Were I free from work, I could read these books.
 Without oxygen, all animals would have disappeared long ago.
 If our last batter had not finally hit a home run, our team would have lost the game.
 Refer to the Users' Guide if you have any problems.
 If she were here now, I could tell her the truth.
 If his father wasn't there, he'd be poor right now.
 If it were Sunday today, we would go fishing.
 If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
 Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it now.
 If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
 If a high hill stood between A and B, it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it, pierce it with a tunnel, or make a detour to avoid it.
 You can go if you want to.
 If the plant is completed next year, a new production manager will have to be hired.
 If you have no liking for modern music, you will not enjoy this concert.
 If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
 If an oversight is the reason why you have not paid, please send us the amount due, and let us solve the problem immediately.
 It will go hard with him if he is found out.
 If the demolition of buildings is uncontrolled, a fine city is in danger of becoming nothing more than a concrete jungle.
 If I were in good health, I could pursue my studies.
 If I were healthy, I could go on a hike.
 If I had known about the plan, I could have helped him.
 If I were in your place, I wouldn't do such a thing.
 But for his advice, I could not finish it.
 But for your help, he would have failed.
 If it had not been for your help, my father would have failed.
 If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
 If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
 With your help, I could succeed.
 If she knew your address, she would write to you.
 If it were not for your help, I could not run this store.
 To look at him, you'd take him for a girl.
 You must work hard if you are to succeed.
 If you are to realize your dream, you must work harder.
 If you want to be on time, you should be there by o'clock.
 If you are to succeed in the exam, you must study hard.
 If you had helped me, I could have accomplished the work.
 I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
 If you will help us, we will be very glad.
 If you are a member of a primitive community and you wish to produce, say, food, there are two things that you must do.
 If you hurry, you will soon overtake her.
 You're playing with fire if you insist on riding your motorcycle without a helmet on.
 Were you to know the fact you would be surprised.
 Had you run all the way, you'd have got there in time.
 If you had parked your car here, you would have been fined.
 If only you were here, I could consult you about it.
 If you had missed that bus, you might not be here now.
 Suppose you had ten million yen, what would you do?
 If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
 If it were not for air and water, nothing alive would exist.
 If it were not for the air, planes could not fly.
 They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
 If I got rich, I would buy it.
 If I had money, I could buy it.
 Thousands of lives will be at stake if emergency food does not arrive there within a few days.
 If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
 If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
 If you hurry, you will overtake him.
 Let me know in case you feel sick.
 If she's not careful she'll tear a ligament doing that.
 Should you change your mind, let me know.
 You may go home if you want to.
 There will be hell to pay if I don't make this deadline.
 Correct me if I am wrong.
 He seems to be afraid of being laughed at if he makes a mistake.
 If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
 What will become of our offspring if a nuclear war breaks out?
 But for everybody's support, I would not have passed the examination.
 If the vase is not found, John may be accused of stealing it.
 If a fire should break out, I would make off with my flute.
 If I had time, I would study French.
 If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
 In case anything happens, call me immediately.
 If I were to live abroad, I would live in Britain.
 If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
 Please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way.
 If that's false, she's a liar.
 If it rains, take the washing in.
 If it rains, the excursion will be called off.
 If it's raining, we don't plan to go hiking.
 I will put off my departure if it rains.
 Suppose it rains, what shall we do?
 What would you do if you saw a man from another planet?
 If you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month, you may keep it.
 If it were not for great books, our lives would be much the poorer.
 But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
 If he wanted to get to London today, he should leave now.
 I am wondering if you would like to go and see Kabuki with me while staying in Japan.
 Please come to my house next Saturday if you care to.
 Until next weekend, if that's OK.
 I'd like to invite you to lunch, if you're not busy.
 Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
 If it is free, please send me a copy.
 If they are not free, please let me know how much the catalogue and the postage to Japan are.
 If you wish us to reserve an alternative room, please let us know immediately.
 If peace cannot be maintained with honor, it is no longer peace.
 If he told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
 If the brain is dead, we should let the patient die.
 If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn't have got lost.
 If you cannot make full remittance, please get in touch with me by October 28, 1998.
 If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
 If I had had enough money, I would have bought the bag.
 If I were to tell him the truth, he would be angry.
 If I were to be reborn, I would like to be a bird.
 If I had to define life in a word, it would be: Life is creation.
 If I could have a wish, I'd wish I could make up for lost time.
 If you should have any trouble, don't hesitate to come to me.
 If you are having temporary financial problems and it is the cause of your outstanding account, let us know about it.
 If anything comes up that you don't understand, come to me.
 You'd better put aside some money for a rainy day.
 You'd not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier.
 Had he worked harder, he could have succeeded.
 If I had more time, I would learn how to dance.
 And if I lose thy love, I lose my all.
 If the machine is damaged, you are responsible.
 Hello. May I speak to Mr Johnson, please?
 Hello. This is Joe Carlton. May I speak to Michael?
 Hello. This is Ogawa speaking.
 Are you there?
 Excuse me. That fare is not enough.
 Hello, it's me. Could you come pick me up at the station?
 Hello, I'm Tomoko Sato from Japan.
 Hello, is this the personnel department?
 Hello. Is this the Gotos' residence?
 Hello, is the accountant there, please?
 Excuse me, but do you need any help?
 Hello, is Mr Freeman in?
 Hello, this is Mike.
 Operator, I'd like to place a call to Winnipeg, Canada, but I can't quite remember the number.
 If we have not covered all the questions you asked, please inform us.
 If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the whole face of the world would have been changed.
 With a little more patience, you would have succeeded.
 If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed in my business.
 Please let us know if we can be of help in other ways.
 If the delay is simply an oversight, will you please take care of it at once?
 We accept making a reduction in price of 5% if this will help you to develop a new market for our products.
 If music be the food of love, play on.
 Please let me know if I can provide you with any further information, or if you would like to contact me for questions.
 Please disregard this notice if your shipment has already been made.
 Should you have settled the account since this mail was written, please ignore our reminder.
 Please let me know immediately if you would like to use this computer.
 If Mary knew how to swim, she would go to the beach more often.
 If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.
 If you want any more wine, go to the cellar and get some.
 If you happen to hear of anybody that wants to buy a house, please let me know.
 If he has time, he will come.
 If you are going to have a party, please count me in.
 I will help you if possible.
 If you fail, you can always ask for his help.
 Had I known it, I'd have told you about that.
 If I had known it, I would have gone there.
 If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
 You need your parents' permission if you are going to apply for that.
 Suppose it were true, what would you do?
 If it is true, it follows that Nakagawa is guilty.
 If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay tax at all.
 He would be very glad to hear the news.
 If you find the man, please let me know at once.
 If that washing machine goes wrong again, I shall complain to the manufacturer.
 If you had not followed the doctor's advice then, you might be ill now.
 If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
 To investigate the incident would take us at least three weeks.
 If you see it, you'll go bananas.
 But for the doctor's care, the patient would not be alive.
 If I had known the news, I would have told you.
 If he could not answer the riddle, he would be eaten.
 If you will lend me the money, I shall be much obliged to you.
 Had it not been for the money, we would not have succeeded.
 If I had the money, I would make a trip around the world.
 If he had been there, I could have given him your message.
 If it were not for sports, how dull school life would be!
 If all went according to her plan, she would be in great demand.
 If Sue is coming by air, she ought to arrive very soon.
 Please tell me if I get in your way.
 If Jane's mother were in Japan, I could invite her to the Doll's Festival.
 I should like to call on you this evening.
 If you have any questions, please let me know.
 If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
 If he carries on like this, he's going to wind up in prison.
 If you think this is wrong, you must speak out.
 If this proposal is put into practice, the business world will be affected to a significant degree.
 We're going to find ourselves in difficulty if we carry on like this.
 If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
 If she had not studied English here, she could not have passed the examination.
 If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
 If your coffee is too strong, add some sugar.
 If you eat any cake, I'll whip you.
 If Grace had not studied so hard, she would surely have failed the test.
 You will have to take his place in case he cannot come.
 If he had been honest, they would have employed him.
 If I had enough money, I would buy the book.
 It might rain tomorrow.
 He might come tomorrow.
 Is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter?
 Hey, has this been sitting out on the dinner table all day? It has to go in the refrigerator or it'll go bad.
 Do you happen to know how to get downtown from here?
 It might rain before evening.
 He might change his mind.
 It occurs to me that I may have misunderstood you.
 If you come this way by any chance, drop in to see me.
 He said that if he had much money, he would buy the dictionary.
 If you need any money, I'll lend you some.
 If you want any money, I will lend you some.
 If I had money, I would buy that camera. As it is, I cannot buy it.
 If you don't have money, you have to do without.
 I might have to be very angry with you if you were to come alone.
 If Grandma doesn't come, the children will be disappointed.
 Without the ozone layer, we would be in danger.
 If I'm away from home for a period of time, I will stop mail delivery.
 If something doesn't make sense, it probably isn't logical.
 If it hadn't been for the storm, we would have been in time.
 Americans would have responded differently from Japanese.
 If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
 Without water, the soldiers would have died.
 If he had been with me then, I would not have done such a thing.
 If he had not met with that accident, he would be alive now.
 If I had been in time for the train, I would be there now.
 Were it not for your help, I could never succeed.
 If it had not been for your help, I would have failed.
 If it had not been for your help, I would have lost the game.
 But for your help, I could not have done it.
 If it had not been for your help, we might have failed.
 If it had not been for your help, I would certainly have failed.
 Were I you, I would apply for the job.
 If you can't come, send someone in your stead.
 I should be very pleased if you could come.
 If you are silent in a conversation or social situation for a long time, Americans will try to get you to talk.
 If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
 If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
 If you didn't have him to exchange letters with, you would be lonely.
 If you are to succeed, you must work harder.
 Even if you know the truth, you had better pretend otherwise at present.
 If you had not helped me, I would have failed.
 Had it not been for your help, I would have been fired.
 If you think you can get away with cheating on the exam, you've got another thing coming.
 I will do it on condition that you support me.
 If you were in my place, what would you do?
 What would you say if you were in my place?
 Don't forget that, if you are on a diet, skipping breakfast will not help you.
 If you had not eaten so much, you would not be so sleepy now.
 Suppose it rains tomorrow, shall we still go on the picnic?
 It will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow.
 If he can do that, I will eat my hat.
 Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
 If you are to finish the work before June, you will have to work much better.
 If you will excuse me for a few minutes, I'd like to make a call.
 What would you do if you were ten years younger?
 If you come my way, drop in on me.
 If I had had more money, I would have bought the pen.
 If I were you, I would paint it blue.
 Were I you, I would not do such a thing.
 I apologize if I hurt your feelings.
 If you break the clock again, you'll catch it from Mommy.
 If it's going to require a total restructuring, I'm sure they will be satisfied with the old system.
 Mrs. Brown warned Beth that if she didn't eat properly she would be permanently overweight.
 If you were footing the bill, you wouldn't say that.
 We don't have any more bread.
 It's fruit fresh from the tree.
 Please don't mumble.
 I've been to the mall.
 I don't really like the stores there.
 Should we go to the mall?
 A motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile.
 I'd like some information on motels.
 Mozart was greater than any other composer of his time.
 Mozart was brought up to be a musician.
 The music of Mozart is always pleasing to me.
 Mozart's life was very short.
 Did you start to learn the piano when you were three, like Mozart?
 It has been years since Mozart died.
 The motor started to run.
 There is nothing the matter with the motor.
 The motor does not function properly.
 We're not getting anywhere.
 Have you answered that letter yet?
 It's about time you were independent of your parents.
 You can leave now. I'll see to our luggage.
 Have you eaten your dinner already?
 I've already had my supper.
 Have you eaten dinner yet?
 It's time you had a dose of your medicine.
 It's midnight already.
 It's already ten o'clock at night.
 Even at nighttime, it was not quiet and peaceful any more.
 There's no turning back.
 I'm so full.
 I really must say good-bye.
 Have you read the book yet?
 I'm appalled. You leave me speechless.
 It's getting dark early around here. The sun seems to drop like a rock when autumn rolls around.
 Have you got over your cold yet?
 Have you cleaned your room yet?
 You can leave the room now.
 Have you called her yet?
 It is time for her to go home.
 Now that he has graduated, he must become more serious.
 I can not put up with his insults any longer.
 I can wait for him no longer.
 Did you call him yet?
 Have you met him already?
 Have you met him yet?
 I've had it with him.
 I won't talk with him anymore.
 It's high time you had your hair cut; it has grown too long.
 Seeing that it is o'clock, I think you should leave for school soon.
 Here it's August and our summer vacation is nearly over.
 It's out of stock, but I can give you a rain check.
 Have you written all the New Year's cards already?
 I feel my age.
 Never again would she be curious about the city.
 Never again would she want to live there.
 You should not take to drinking again.
 I've decided not to keep a dog again.
 You had better not go there again.
 Never be this late again.
 You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months.
 It's time you stood on your own two feet.
 Have you worked out the answer yet?
 I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
 It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.
 I haven't seen her for ages.
 I'm beat. I've been working from dawn to dusk.
 Have you eaten lunch yet?
 I have already eaten lunch.
 Have you eaten your lunch yet?
 It's getting late. I don't wanna go home alone.
 Seeing that it is late, we should go home.
 It's late.
 It's getting late, so we'd better get going.
 As it is late, turn off the TV.
 We'd better roll now.
 Now that the weather is warmer, I can go outdoors.
 No one trusts him any more.
 Now that you are grown-up, it is up to you to decide what to do.
 It's OK now. Don't worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent.
 Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
 Now that you are a college student, you should know better.
 Now you are a big boy, behave yourself.
 I can't wait any more.
 I don't feel like waiting any longer.
 It is time my son came home from school.
 We think that there should be no more wars.
 You won't catch me doing that again.
 It's already cleared up.
 I have been reading this for a few hours.
 It's high time you got married and settled down.
 Now there is neither God nor Buddha.
 Now that you know the truth, perhaps you'll feel better.
 Have you done with the paper?
 You should get yourself a new car now.
 It's time to go to bed.
 It's time to go to bed. Turn off the radio.
 It's time you went to bed.
 It is time to go to bed.
 I will hit the sack.
 It's high time you were in bed.
 Now that we have eaten, let's go.
 May I start eating now?
 I could not eat another bite.
 I can't eat any more.
 I am already accustomed to sitting on tatami.
 It's time to get aboard.
 I want to sleep a little more.
 Take things a little more seriously.
 I wish I were a little taller.
 Rack your brains a little harder.
 As he gets older, your son will grow more independent.
 With a little more patience, you could have succeeded.
 With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
 A little more effort, and you will succeed.
 Can't you stay a little longer?
 With a little more care, the driver could have avoided such a tragic accident.
 I should have paid a little more attention.
 With a little more care, you would have succeeded.
 With a little more wisdom, he would not have got in trouble.
 A little louder.
 Don't you have another one that's a little larger?
 Could you give me a few more minutes?
 You may as well wait for a while. It'll clear up soon.
 Had you come a little earlier, you could have met her.
 Had they left a little earlier, they would have avoided the traffic jam.
 If I had left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
 If you had left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
 If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
 Move forward one step.
 Do you think you could make a little less noise?
 Give me a little more water.
 You could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience.
 Would you explain it in more detail?
 Please turn down the volume a little bit more.
 Do you have one a little smaller?
 Would you like some more?
 May I ask you some more questions?
 Put in a little more sugar.
 I'll think about it.
 I think I'll look around a little more.
 Can I have some more milk?
 I wish I had a better memory.
 Can you hold on a little longer?
 I want you to straighten up the environment a little more.
 If she had been a little more patient, she could have succeeded.
 If you had been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
 If you had been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
 Would you like to turn it down a little?
 A little heavier rain might cause a flood.
 A little more to the right, just like so!
 We would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower.
 Can you give me a discount?
 Can't you bring down the price a bit?
 Do you have a cheaper room?
 Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
 Could you give me a better price?
 Turn the radio down a little.
 Please speak a little more slowly.
 Would you speak more slowly, please?
 Would you mind speaking more slowly?
 I think we should do some more.
 Why don't you try expressing your opinion a little more gently? Think about how he feels getting told flatly that he's being cut loose.
 Put some more wood on the fire.
 Would you like some more beef?
 Just a little more patience.
 I'd like some more bread, please.
 I almost got a perfect score.
 I almost forgot it.
 I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
 It is almost o'clock.
 Would you like some more salad?
 Add a little more pepper.
 Won't you have some more coffee?
 Will you have some more cake?
 Would you like some more cake?
 If you had made more effort, you would have passed the entrance examination.
 Can I have some more tea?
 I should think we will need some more money.
 We could have bought the car with a little more money.
 Why don't you stay a little while?
 Could you speak a little louder please?
 You must put some life into your work.
 The jig is up; let's face the music like men.
 I gave up all hope of survival.
 I guess we should leave now.
 Can I leave now?
 I may as well go now.
 You had better not go out now. It's almost 11.
 Have you handed in your homework?
 Have you finished your homework yet?
 Have you finished your homework already?
 Have you finished your homework?
 Would you mind waiting another ten minutes?
 I have had more than enough.
 Time is up.
 Are you through yet?
 Have you finished already?
 Have you finished yet?
 It's on its last legs.
 It's time to work now. Let's get down to business.
 The damage is done.
 Have you washed your hands yet?
 My hand's getting too cold.
 I weep for my lost youth.
 He's no spring chicken.
 May I be excused?
 It's 7:now. I must fly.
 We have no time.
 Now that we're alone, let's have fun.
 Don't regard me as your father anymore.
 I will make it clear that I won't come again.
 Now that I'm a grownup, I think otherwise.
 Now I can look after myself.
 It is time for me to take a vacation.
 I've made up my mind.
 Please don't write letters to me anymore.
 It's time for us to go home.
 I'd better get going. My father is really strict.
 There's no need to cry like a child.
 Since you are no longer a child, you should be responsible for what you do.
 Since you are no longer a child, you are to take care of yourself.
 It is time you left off your childish ways.
 It's high time the children went to bed.
 I've already finished my work.
 Now I must go about my work.
 It's time you went to the barber's.
 I think we had better wait another thirty minutes.
 The matter was settled.
 My age is going to tell on me.
 Have you read today's paper yet?
 It was really good.
 I am feeling much better now.
 I have to leave now.
 I have got to go now.
 I've got to leave soon.
 It's high time to go. See you later.
 I must leave now.
 Got to go now.
 We have our backs to the wall.
 I'll say no more.
 I don't want to hear any more excuses.
 No, thank you.
 Let's patch up our argument.
 Have you arrived at a decision yet?
 It is time you put a stop to this nonsense.
 Now that you are a high school student, you are responsible for what you do.
 I'm fed up with always backing you up.
 You had better hurry because the banks will close soon.
 Let's be done with the argument.
 Let's not argue anymore.
 This is the time you should get up.
 It's time we went home.
 It's about time you got up.
 Can I go home now?
 You can go home now.
 It's already time to go home.
 Hadn't we better be going now?
 I'd better be on my way.
 I guess I'll have to leave now.
 Will you permit us to leave now?
 You may as well go home now.
 I don't have to wear glasses any more.
 I fear we are too late.
 I have had enough of sweets.
 It is time to go to school.
 This is the last straw!
 I can't take this anymore. I've lost my temper completely.
 I can't take it any more.
 I can't stand it anymore.
 It's all over for you.
 You'd better go home now.
 May I go home now?
 You'd better go back home now.
 How many times are you going to make me say it? Do you know how many times I've tried to wake you up?
 I'm sure that family is familiar with Japanese tastes in food. They've hosted quite a few Japanese exchange students.
 It already has taken me hours.
 Have you decided what to do yet?
 That was hard to believe.
 We have had enough of rain.
 Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
 Let's turn and go back now.
 Please take another one.
 With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
 Another step, and you will fall down the precipice.
 Another step, and you'll fall over the cliff.
 I'm done up.
 Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
 You're lit up like a Christmas tree.
 Let's have one more drink, and then I'll take you back home.
 Will you have another glass of wine?
 Will you have another cup of milk?
 Would you care for another glass of beer?
 I feel like another beer.
 Would you mind my drinking another cup of coffee?
 Won't you have another cup of coffee?
 Give me another cup of tea.
 Would you have another cup of tea?
 Will you have another cup of tea?
 I'd like to stay another night if I can.
 Have patience for another day or two.
 Stick to it!
 Another storm, and our village would have been ruined.
 Set your translation against the original once again.
 I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
 I'll see him again.
 If I visit Nara again, I will have visited it four times.
 May I put it on again?
 Please send me another copy.
 Another war, and we all will be killed.
 Another war, and we will be ruined.
 Explain it once more, Jerry.
 Would you explain it again?
 We tried again to bump off the politician, but couldn't do it.
 Would that I were young again.
 Had he tried it once more, he would have succeeded in it.
 I tried it again, only to fail.
 Will you let me try once more?
 Read it once more, please.
 Could you repeat that, please?
 Pardon me?
 I would like to talk with you again.
 Another mistake, and he will be fired.
 I propose that we should have another meeting.
 Could you please repeat it slowly?
 I'd think twice about this.
 You must encourage him to try again.
 Let's try again.
 It is no use trying again.
 Could I ask you to do that again?
 I tried again for no reason.
 Can I have the menu again, please?
 Give me a second chance.
 Give me another chance.
 Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
 I will lend you money just this once.
 Read it once more.
 We tried it again, but couldn't do it.
 Please show it to me again.
 Try it once again.
 Do it a second time.
 I tried it over again.
 Why don't you give it another try?
 I want to go there once more.
 If I read this book once more, I shall have read it three times.
 We hope to see you again.
 We hope to meet you again.
 Do it again!
 I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
 I'm sorry?
 I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
 I want to see them again.
 We are looking forward to serving you again.
 We are looking forward to seeing you again.
 Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
 Make one more effort, and you will succeed.
 It's getting there.
 One more effort, you will get on in life.
 Let's try once again.
 "I can't even make a crane," she said to herself.
 Please show me another one.
 Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
 It was very wise of her to choose the other one.
 The other committee consists of four members.
 I think I will have one more ice cream cone.
 May I have another piece of cake?
 Would you like another piece of cake?
 I have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost.
 It is already dark.
 Cut that out. You're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds.
 You are old enough to know better. Behave yourself.
 Have you gotten yourselves acquainted?
 It is high time I was going.
 You should be a thought more careful.
 This guy is really wishy-washy. He couldn't make a decision to save his life.
 I'd better go to bed now.
 One more effort, and you will get on in life.
 Another lot of tourists arrived.
 The other grasped his arm.
 Try on another one.
 Another thing that is required is a dictionary.
 Make one more effort and you will reach the summit.
 I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
 One more effort, and you will succeed.
 No more parties.
 Have you applied for a passport yet?
 It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
 How long have you been living in Tokyo?
 How long have you been living out of a suitcase?
 It is high time we went to bed.
 How long have you looked after this rose garden?
 It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
 I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
 There is no more room for a TV set.
 It's about time you stopped watching television.
 We could have our tea in the garden, were it a little warmer.
 It's just a little further.
 You could try and be a bit more civilized.
 With a little more patience, you could succeed.
 How about adding a little bit more salt?
 How about another round?
 I almost drowned.
 Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
 Almost.
 Do you want to stay any longer?
 I need some get-up-and-go.
 I have had it.
 That's too much.
 It's about time for the train to arrive.
 It's about time to start.
 It's about time you settled down for good.
 It is about time we were leaving.
 It's about time to go to school.
 It is about time you stopped being so idle and did some work.
 I saw him no more.
 Well, I have to be going.
 Let's not talk about it any more.
 That will do.
 I cannot put up with the noise any longer.
 Have you already met Mr Smith?
 There's nothing there.
 It's the dead of the night.
 It looks as if autumn is really here.
 With a little more effort.
 I was nearly hit by a car.
 Had I had a little more money, I would have bought it.
 It'll soon be time for dinner.
 Day will break soon.
 It will not be long before he gets well.
 Winter is drawing on.
 The rainy season is near at hand.
 It's nearly lunchtime. Why don't we stop to have a bite to eat?
 It will get warmer soon.
 The sun will come up soon.
 Spring will come soon.
 It won't be long before everything is ready.
 My birthday is coming soon.
 We are going to have a baby.
 I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
 You will be allowed to go out soon.
 Soon there will be summer vacation.
 There is an athletic meet soon.
 It's almost rush hour.
 It is going to rain very soon.
 I'll soon finish reading this novel.
 Everyone will have his own computer before long.
 We're getting out of here in a moment.
 It will soon be New Year.
 It will be 5:presently.
 It is almost three.
 We'll get to school soon; we are as good as there now.
 It will not be long before our food runs out.
 The apple harvest will soon come.
 Christmas will soon come around.
 I'll catch up with you soon.
 I can't get along with the neighbors any more.
 I can't walk any farther.
 I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
 I can't stand that nasty attitude of his any longer.
 I don't think I'll be able to hold in my anger any longer.
 I can't wait any longer.
 You had better not wait any longer.
 She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
 I don't have time to take any more pupils.
 I have no more desire to eat sweets.
 It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
 I cannot bear it any longer.
 I can't put it off any longer.
 I don't want to lead a dog's life any more.
 I can't drink the beer any more.
 I can't go any further.
 I can no longer remain silent.
 Please don't let me hear any more of that story.
 I can afford no further delay.
 I don't want any more.
 I can't think about the design any more.
 There's no other way than this now.
 You can't kick me around any more.
 I've had enough of this program.
 I can bear this broken heart no longer.
 Do you mean that you have already decided on this plan?
 We've come this far, so we can't stop now. I don't want to backslide.
 I've had coffee already.
 I agree with you, except for the part about the profits.
 It is almost ten o'clock.
 Have you turned off the gas yet?
 Has Father come home yet?
 He has gone out for lunch already.
 Have you finished eating your lunch?
 Are you all right now?
 It is time for you to go to bed.
 I'm through with you.
 They're already here.
 Aren't you stretched pretty thin already?
 It is time I was going.
 She needs another DPT shot.
 Waiter, please bring me another glass of beer.
 I'll try again, thank you.
 Let me go over the accounts again.
 Have you started reading the book yet?
 It would be wiser of you not to see him again.
 I can't stand that noise any longer.
 Now that you have finished your job, you are free to go home.
 In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.
 It's already nine o'clock.
 It's already September; however, it is very hot.
 It's already seven.
 It has been raining for seven full days.
 In another six months you will be able to speak German fluently.
 It's six o'clock already.
 I'll wait another five minutes.
 If he had come five minutes later, he would have missed the train.
 What do you say to waiting five more minutes?
 If only I had left home five minutes earlier.
 I will give you five days' grace.
 It is already past five o'clock.
 Three hours of driving has worn me out. Let's pull over at the next rest stop we see.
 Another three miles is more than I can walk.
 I have three more pages to go.
 Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
 I think we had better wait for another minutes.
 Another half hour, and our master will be back here.
 We've talked over this matter in detail for half an hour already. Let's finish it off.
 This was a bad week. My train was late two days in a row.
 I will be back in another two weeks.
 The rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so.
 I've waited two whole hours. I can't wait any longer.
 A few minutes more, and I'll be ready.
 You have only to read a few more pages.
 One more step, and you'll be a dead man.
 One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
 One minute earlier, and they could have caught the bus.
 One minute earlier, and we could have seen the Queen.
 Have another cup.
 How about a second helping?
 I have another year at high school.
 I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.
 I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
 If I go by air one more time, I'll have flown in an airplane five times.
 If I were to live again, I would like to be a musician.
 I will have been to the States three times if I go there again.
 Would you say it once more?
 If I have to go to Kyoto once more, I will have visited it four times this year.
 Give me another chance to try.
 Try again.
 Once more, please.
 May I add a point?
 Is there any space for one more person?
 Another problem is where to stop the car.
 Now you are sixteen, you should know better.
 It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
 The town will change in another ten years.
 It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
 It's already past ten o'clock.
 It's already ten o'clock. My mother must be angry.
 If there was just 1,yen more, he would have taken 10,yen in total.
 I can't live any longer without him.
 I'm tired of it.
 We have already finished our dinner.
 Now I'm wide awake.
 Now it's time to say good night.
 I'm sick and tired of his lack of taste.
 The hen is hatching her chicks.
 Do any of the members agree with you?
 The hen sits on her eggs until they hatch.
 The hen was sitting on the eggs in the nest.
 May I trouble you for the salt?
 The hen keeps her brood under her.
 I have lost face completely.
 We all know that Mendel was way ahead of his time.
 They grow melons under glass.
 They are melons.
 Half of the melon was eaten.
 Meros is anything but a liar.
 Did I tell you what Melissa said?
 Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
 Mary aided her mother in cooking.
 Mary burst into the kitchen.
 Mary wants to become a teacher.
 Mary is interested in politics.
 Mary can dance well.
 Mary prided herself on her beauty.
 Merry is scared of dogs.
 Mary is lacking in delicacy.
 Mary is a girl full of sentiment.
 Mary will sit still and look at the sea for hours.
 Mary was scornful of Tom.
 Mary has become very fond of Charles.
 Does Mary live next door to the bus driver with whom John worked?
 Mary was given a raise by her employer.
 He's not coming, according to Mary.
 Mary beamed her happiness.
 Mary is a better swimmer than Jane.
 Mary and Jane are cousins.
 The man in charge of the merry-go-round decided to make sure everything was working properly.
 Please pass the note around.
 Maybe I ought to expand the memory.
 You should make notes.
 Please let me take a look at the menu.
 I don't have enough RAM.
 May I have the menu, please?
 Let me see a menu.
 May I see a menu, please?
 Choose whatever dish you want from the menu.
 There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
 In order to gain media recognition, sometimes AIDS patients have to push themselves into the public eye.
 The media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices.
 Rarely does he go out on Sunday.
 It hardly ever rains here.
 I seldom go to a library.
 It's getting quite springlike.
 Read the message once more.
 All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
 It has become noticeably colder.
 How about inviting Meg to the party?
 Meg must carry on her studies.
 Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
 Meg is preparing breakfast.
 Meg acquired many new friends.
 Meg looks pleased with her new dress.
 Meg didn't even look at me.
 Meg found a four leaf clover.
 Meg has a facility for languages.
 Meg cleared her desk.
 Meg colored the picture.
 Meg attends many school affairs.
 Meg has a cat as a pet.
 Meg is filled with excitement.
 Meg was happy about meeting Tom again.
 Meg is beating a drum.
 Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
 Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
 Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
 Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
 Meg has a lovely face.
 Meg is the double of her mother.
 Meg talks too much.
 Meg's hair curls naturally.
 Meg is as tall as Ken.
 Meg's shoes are a little loose.
 I met Meg, who told me the news.
 Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
 Have you ever been to Mexico?
 Mexico has half as many people as Japan.
 A revolution broke out in Mexico.
 Mention Mexico, and tacos come to mind.
 What is the language spoken in Mexico?
 They speak Spanish in Mexico.
 Is Spanish spoken in Mexico?
 Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
 I had a difficult time in Mexico because I couldn't understand all of the Spanish.
 I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
 Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
 I am looking for my glasses.
 Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
 I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
 I can't find my glasses.
 Keep in touch by mail.
 I would like to chat with you by e-mail.
 The maid came in bearing a cake.
 I would like to purchase your latest mail order catalogue.
 Dr Mason placed his work above everything.
 Read the meter.
 May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
 We are having fish for our main course.
 Nobody was to be seen on the main street.
 Can you tell me where Main Street is?
 Mr Mailer is to stay here till tomorrow.
 Each child has an individual way of thinking.
 Each has his own taste.
 I'll deal out three to each.
 Each of them carried their own pack.
 Mabel loves to chew the fat while playing bridge.
 May sometimes spends the time by herself.
 May has been in Japan for a year.
 May's clothes were lying around the room.
 The maid announced each guest.
 Had you met her aunt before you married May?
 The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
 Go and wake up Mary.
 Mary's been living in Japan so long. Don't you think it's time she adjusted to Japanese customs?
 I got word that Mary wants to divorce him.
 Mary is both intelligent and kind.
 Mary took out the eggs one by one.
 Mary is going to have a baby next month.
 Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
 Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
 Mary crochets lace every night.
 Mary left her sister to clean the windows.
 Mary isn't really sick; she's only putting it on.
 Mary is a bookworm.
 Mary is such a worrywart.
 Mary really takes after her mother.
 Mary looks like her mother.
 Mary resembles her mother in appearance, but not in character.
 Mary takes after her father.
 Mary threw her arms around her father's neck.
 Mary looks unfriendly, but she is really very kind at heart.
 Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
 Mary kept on working in spite of her illness.
 Mary arrived at the hospital.
 Mary hurried to the hospital.
 In her misery, Mary looked to her husband for help.
 Mary is not as tall as he.
 Mary asked after his father.
 Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
 Mary refused to marry him, but she gave in at last.
 Mary is tall.
 Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
 Mary can speak Japanese.
 Mary is setting by money to go to Japan.
 Mary remained single all her life in Japan.
 Mary likes Japan, doesn't she?
 Mary was reading, with a cat sleeping beside her.
 Mary paid for her lunch with five dollars.
 Mary understands Chinese.
 Mary took her beauty sleep before the big party.
 Mary often hums a tune as she works in the kitchen.
 Mary is not used to being made fun of in the presence of others.
 Mary likes skiing the best of all.
 Mary gazed at George in admiration.
 Mary asked her son to behave himself.
 Mary ran.
 Mary shut herself up in the room, with all the windows closed.
 Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
 Mary was able to swim across the river.
 Mary has been ill in bed since last Monday.
 Mary is said to have been ill last week, but she looks well now.
 Mary went on a voyage around the world.
 Mary was so kind as to help me.
 In her elementary school days, Mary dreamed of becoming a teacher.
 Mary is an ingenuous student.
 Mary ought to do her homework on time.
 Mary said she would do her homework.
 Mary is very ill and I'm afraid she is dying.
 Mary showed the letter to me.
 Mary stood with her hand shading her eyes.
 Mary is said to have been a great singer in her youth.
 Mary has a social nature.
 Mary is studying in her room.
 Mary put her piano up for sale.
 Mary didn't refer to the accident she had seen.
 Mary oiled her bicycle.
 Mary's kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates.
 Mary came up to me when she saw me.
 Mary gave me an American doll.
 Mary said to me, "are you ill?"
 Mary told me that she was glad to see me.
 Mary broke in on our conversation.
 Mary took sides with me against my teacher.
 Mary scarcely seems to care for me, does she?
 Mary blamed Jack for leaving their children unattended.
 Mary stayed up late last night.
 Mary doesn't dance much now, but I know she used to a lot.
 Mary was about to burst out laughing.
 Mary has finished her Japanese assignment.
 How is Mary?
 Mary was John's heartthrob all through high school.
 When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
 Despite the fact that Mary keeps saying I was the only man she'd like to marry, when I proposed to her, she said "NO". I cannot make head or tail of it.
 Mary stared back at him in surprise.
 Mary looked at herself in the mirror.
 Mary spread the big map on the table.
 Mary is sitting at the desk.
 Mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school.
 Mary had to go to school.
 Mary went down to the kitchen.
 Mary is respected by everyone.
 Mary can swim.
 Mary can't swim, and John can't, either.
 Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn't feel lonely.
 Mary is a girl who is pleasant to talk with.
 Mary decided never to see him any more.
 Has Mary started yet?
 Mary likes milk very much.
 Mary has not started yet.
 Mary has failed again. After all she is still young.
 Mary always assists her boyfriend in doing his assignments.
 Mary can't even read French, much less speak it.
 Mary takes Bill's kindness for granted.
 Mary had a dance with him at the party.
 Mary plays the piano.
 Mary is a very sociable person.
 Mary is too stubborn to apologize.
 Mary is so nice a girl that she is loved by everybody.
 Mary is a very pretty girl.
 Mary said to herself "What shall I do?".
 Mary closed the door quietly.
 It is believed that Mary is good at tennis.
 Mary has just come home.
 Mary became a typist.
 Mary is the prettier of the two.
 Mary is the cuter of the two.
 Mary weighed it in her hand.
 Mary is very attached to the little girl.
 Mary played the role of an old woman in the play.
 Mary seems to be bored with the game.
 Mary hit on a marvelous idea.
 Mary has already started.
 Mary loses her temper easily.
 Mary told John the secret.
 Mary swims as fast as Jack.
 Suspecting him of telling her secret to some of her friends, Mary was angry with Jim.
 Mary declined an invitation to the concert.
 Mary has always been successful in everything she has done.
 Mary sings best of all of the girls in class.
 Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
 Mary is not used to being made fun of.
 Mary is cute. So is Jane.
 Mary is helping her mother.
 Mary denied having stolen the money.
 Mary set the basket on the table.
 Mary always has to put her two cents worth in.
 Someone remarked that Mary was always late for meetings.
 Mary is always acting foolishly.
 Mary always studies for two hours a day.
 Mary was not worthy of your trust.
 Mary said she was going to dance all night.
 Mary got the nod from among some applicants.
 Mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day.
 Mary went over to the United States in her late teens.
 Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
 Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.
 Mary promised her mother that she would help her more often.
 Mary would often sit alone on the porch.
 When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
 I met a friend of Mary's.
 Mary's eyes were filled with tears.
 I'm going to make a cake for Mary's birthday.
 Mary's new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd.
 What was the result of Mary's test?
 I do not like Mary's living there alone.
 It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
 Mary is in want of common sense.
 I have always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
 Mary and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother.
 Mary and I are in the same class.
 Mary and I became good friends.
 Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
 Mary and I have been acquainted with each other for many years.
 Mary and I remained firm friends for years.
 It was sheer coincidence that Mary and I were on the same train.
 Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
 Mary was wearing a black sweater when I met her.
 I'm through with Mary.
 How did you get to know Mary?
 Mary and John quarreled, but made up after a while.
 There was no one in the room besides Mary and John.
 Mary. That's my name.
 Mary had every reason to be satisfied.
 Until Mary gets back to work, we'll have to make do with Ken.
 When Mary saw him, a look of surprise spread across her face.
 In came Mary.
 I'm keen on Mary passing the examination.
 When Mary was a child, her family was dirt poor.
 I don't know what Mary is looking for.
 I was astounded by the news that Mary won the first prize.
 I see Mary playing the piano.
 When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
 I didn't bargain for Mary's coming so soon.
 It was yesterday that Mary bought this skirt.
 When was it that Mary bought this skirt?
 Wherever Mary goes, the sheep follows her.
 Either Mary or you is to go.
 Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
 Of course you can trust me. Have I ever given you a bum steer before?
 The contract, if you were forced to sign it, is invalid.
 Waste not, want not.
 I would prefer an honorable death.
 I would rather let him have his own way.
 It seemed rather bad.
 There goes a wonderful coach over there.
 That bank over there would do the service.
 The girl standing over there is Mary.
 The building you see over there is an auto factory.
 We can see a church over there.
 The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
 You're disgusting!
 Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
 Once upon a time, there was an old man in this village.
 I can't do the hard day's work I used to.
 Once upon a time, there lived an old man.
 Where did Ming go to do her homework?
 Ming called her friend yesterday evening.
 Ming wasn't dancing with Masao then.
 Did Ming's father play tennis yesterday?
 Is everybody ready for the trip?
 People don't like to swim against the tide.
 All were silent.
 Everybody puts me down.
 You can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy.
 Everyone marvelled at her courage.
 Everyone hoped that she would win.
 Everyone is friendly to her.
 Everybody calls him Mac.
 Everybody was thrilled by his story.
 Everyone speaks highly of him.
 All sold out!
 Everybody burst into laughter.
 Everyone has a character of his own.
 They are all the same.
 We are all suspicious about him.
 There are some cookies in the jar.
 I hope all of them will come in time.
 Everybody put their foot down.
 They were all hoarse from shouting.
 Everybody washed in the kitchen.
 They all have arms, legs, and heads, they walk and talk, but now there's SOMETHING that wants to make them different.
 We all have missed you.
 We all like cycling.
 All are happy.
 Get to work, everybody.
 Nobody likes it.
 Everybody praised her to the skies.
 I don't like any of them.
 Everybody agrees with you.
 Everybody is waiting for you.
 We thought that you were married.
 They are all irritable.
 Everybody started waving his flag.
 Does everybody love music?
 Let's pretend we are aliens.
 Read after me all together.
 It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
 Everyone loves Mac.
 They were all charmed by her song.
 Everyone calls him Jeff.
 They were most attentive to his speech.
 Everybody sang at the top of their lungs.
 Everybody called me Tony in those days.
 They sabotaged my effort to make our class enjoyable.
 Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
 By all accounts, it's the truth.
 In many parts of the world, there is not enough food to meet everyone's needs.
 Who is the tallest of all?
 Everybody's fault is nobody's fault.
 I remembered everybody.
 You can not be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever.
 Please read it aloud so that everyone can hear.
 Speak louder so everyone can hear you.
 I spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me.
 Go along with the crowd.
 I think that everybody knows.
 There's enough food to go round.
 He talks with the quiet man. Don't you think he's a little bald on top?
 I have wonderful news for all of you.
 Let's play baseball with everyone.
 Would you like to join us for a game of cards?
 We're all going to share it. Could you bring us some extra plates?
 I was left out in the cold by everyone.
 Hey, what's the big secret? Come on; let me in on it.
 All of us are working on the case.
 We raced our beetles.
 Sit at the table.
 Everybody was going about his business.
 All of us approved of the plan.
 Everybody pulled their socks up, yeah.
 Everyone went there, didn't they?
 Everyone thinks so.
 Everyone hoped for a snow flurry for Christmas.
 We found that everyone was asleep.
 Everyone attacked my opinion.
 Not all of us catch colds.
 Please speak more loudly so that everybody can hear you.
 Everyone cheered his name.
 Everybody wants to sit beside her.
 Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
 Everyone is waiting to see his new film.
 Everybody agreed with his idea.
 Everybody laughed at his error.
 Everybody speaks well of him.
 Every one opposed it, but Mary and John got married all the same.
 All are interested in Japan.
 Everyone burst into laughter.
 Everyone thinks the same thing.
 Unless everyone plays well, we may lose the game.
 Everybody was jealous of my success.
 Are there enough chairs to go around?
 To everyone's astonishment, Mike won first prize in the speech contest.
 All the people felt for the victims deeply.
 There will be chaos unless we all adhere to the rules.
 Finish your homework by the time they return.
 All were happy.
 I got a farewell present from everyone.
 Everybody looks up to Henry.
 Everyone considers Nomo a great pitcher.
 Everyone was listening very carefully.
 Everybody arrived dressed in their smartest clothes.
 Everybody praised Ken for his great courage.
 We all held our breath while we watched it.
 Everyone always asks me that.
 Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
 Everyone always speaks well of Tony.
 Everybody had a good year.
 Everyone formed couples and began dancing.
 Boys! Now listen.
 Everyone was really impressed with that machine.
 When the Venus de Milo was entire, there were arms on the statue.
 The Venus de Milo is the perfection of beauty.
 Milton is one of the classic writers.
 Have you ever read Milton's works?
 Such poets as Milton are rare.
 Will you warm the milk, please?
 Drink up your milk.
 Please give me a glass of milk.
 Have a cup of milk. It will do you good.
 Will you give me a glass of milk?
 Will you give me another glass of milk?
 Get me a glass of milk.
 Would you like a cup of milk?
 All of the milk was spilled.
 Milk nourishes a baby.
 Milk is of great value to babies.
 There isn't any milk left.
 How about some milk?
 I want three sugars in my milk.
 I have an allergy to milk.
 My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
 Where is the milk tea?
 I want some milk, but there isn't any in the refrigerator.
 The milk boiled over.
 The milk went sour.
 Cheese is made from milk.
 Dr. Miller wants you to wait for a while.
 A Mr Miller wants to see you.
 What's playing at the Music Box Theater?
 Didn't you see the musical?
 Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
 Worms are sometimes beneficial to soil.
 Miho is the girl I like best.
 Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
 Miniskirts will soon come back.
 Do you think miniskirts will come back again?
 Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.
 Miniskirts have been out of date for some time.
 Girls wearing mini-skirts, walking or sitting, are very effective eye-openers.
 We should respect our parents.
 They all looked happy.
 Everyone's eyes were fixed upon her.
 Stay with me, ladies and gentlemen.
 Are you ready to eat?
 Could you keep still, everyone?
 You have certain privileges and therefore corresponding responsibilities.
 Please keep yourselves calm.
 Listen, all of you.
 I wish you all a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
 Order, please.
 You probably think she told me she was on her way to visit her sick grandmother.
 Now that we are all here, we can start the farewell party.
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
 Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
 We hope you enjoy the movie.
 Ladies and gentlemen, now we start the movie.
 Everybody is relying on you.
 Not all were satisfied.
 Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
 Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido then?
 Bees make honey.
 Medium-rare and a potato, please.
 Bees provide honey for us.
 Bees communicate the location of food by carrying odor samples back to the hive.
 Look out for bees.
 The bee alighted on the flower.
 Mr Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
 Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
 Mick named the baby Richard.
 Mickey Conners made mincemeat of his opponent in the ring.
 I love the taste when I bite into a juicy peach.
 Chicken pox is an itchy nuisance for kids.
 There are a few books, but they have some misprints.
 My mistake cost me my fortune.
 Mr. Children is very popular among young people.
 Never be afraid of making mistakes.
 Apart from a few mistakes, your composition was excellent.
 A miserable sequence of defeats discouraged us.
 Unable to bear her miseries, she ran away from her husband.
 The Mississippi River flows into the Gulf of Mexico.
 Mass is a Catholic ceremony of remembering Jesus Christ by eating and drinking.
 Do you ever hear anything about Misako?
 Misako married a Canadian last June.
 Misato tried to be calm, but finally she lost her temper.
 The missile attack took a heavy toll of lives.
 Michelangelo protested that he was not a painter.
 So that Michelangelo might paint certain figures on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, so that Shakespeare might write certain speeches and Keats his poems, it seemed to me worthwhile that countless millions should have lived and suffered and died.
 "Be quiet Mie," said Mother.
 I'd like meat loaf.
 We have to call off the meeting.
 I sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance.
 I'd like to call a meeting.
 Please feel free to contact me for details about the meeting or the schedule.
 I need it by the morning of April 5, so it can be reviewed by other members prior to the meeting.
 Let me apologize once again for missing our meeting.
 It's a fair cop.
 I'd like a Manhattan.
 "Manpower" is the world's largest temp agency.
 The fire and power outage resulted in a shortened workday at some exchanges in Manhattan's financial district.
 It's on the mantelpiece.
 The site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes.
 Never having seen a mongoose, I do not know what they are like.
 Stop beating around the bush.
 Because the surroundings were so dark, he could not see anything.
 Malaysia came into existence in 1957.
 I spent a whole day cleaning up my room.
 I felt as if I were in a dream.
 I felt as if I were dreaming.
 I can't sleep at all!
 It seems as if everything he touches turns to gold.
 The sky became as dark as if the sun had sunk.
 You talk as if you were the boss.
 She looks as if she were drunk.
 He treated it with utmost care.
 It's just like walking on the moon.
 You're the only mirror for me.
 It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
 It looked as if we were on the eve of a revolution.
 He is a living fossil!
 It looks as if it's going to rain.
 She looks as if she's laughing to herself.
 It was as if the devil was chasing after him.
 You talk as if you knew everything.
 I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
 Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
 Marconi invented the radio.
 A Mr Marconi wants to see you.
 After working all week, we took it easy on Sunday.
 Have you ever seen the new house in which Marilyn lives?
 It has been years since Marilyn Monroe died.
 I had an argument with Tom about the use of marijuana.
 Mari has been in Hungary.
 Mariner was launched on May 30, 1971.
 Marina Giles left England with her husband in just this frame of mind.
 Mariko speaks English excellently.
 Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
 Mulligan has been riding high since he seized the crown in a come-from-behind victory months ago.
 Mulligan says he'll sleep easy until the fight.
 Mary called him every name she could think of.
 Marie told me that she enjoyed the drive.
 Mary has a flower in her hand.
 The marigold rises with the sun.
 Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
 Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
 Maria always whispers words of wisdom.
 Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
 Maria's late husband was a violinist.
 Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
 Malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry.
 At the beginning of a marathon race, scores of runners start, but only a few finish and just one takes the cake.
 The marathon will be held, rain or shine.
 The marathon runners were out of breath.
 Nobody fell behind in the marathon race.
 The oil in mayonnaise sometimes separates from the other ingredients.
 Mayuko dived into the cold water.
 Mayuko was reading and Meg was painting.
 Mayuko reads a good deal.
 Mayuko entered the room.
 Mayuko came up with him.
 Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
 Mayuko ate up all the cookies.
 Mayuko has not slept enough.
 Mayuko designed a dress for herself.
 Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
 Mayuko has sharp eyes.
 Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
 Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
 Mayuko called me back.
 Mayuko could not answer my question.
 Mayuko came running to meet us.
 Mayuko got a cut on her finger.
 Mayuko made a fair copy of the draft.
 Mayuko appears wise.
 Mayuko wore a flower crown.
 Mayuko is dancing to the music.
 Mayuko failed to see Meg.
 Mayuko has dropped the ball.
 Mayuko came directly home.
 Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
 Mayuko jumped up in alarm.
 Mayuko was tired to death.
 Mayuko can't bear living alone.
 Mayuko is good company.
 Mayuko avoided doing hard work.
 Mayuko was alone in the room.
 Mayuko explained the rules in detail.
 Mayuko argued for the plan.
 Mayuko denied the rumor.
 Mayuko looks cross.
 Mayuko always wants the best.
 Mayuko dreamed a strange dream.
 Mayuko's dream came true.
 Mayuko always aims for perfection.
 Mayuko came out of the room.
 Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
 Mayuko cried aloud.
 For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
 The Mayas made their balls out of rubber.
 Maya priests learned much about astronomy.
 Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
 We will take off in a few minutes.
 Dinner will be ready soon.
 The baseball season opens before long.
 It won't be long before the trees are bare.
 By and by Mt. Fuji came into sight.
 I hope Father will come home from abroad soon.
 It will soon be possible for us to go direct to New York by air.
 Before long she will come back to the stage.
 It won't be a long time before she recovers from the shock.
 You will soon cease to think of her.
 I felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon.
 It was not long before she came back.
 It was not long before they made their appearance.
 It won't be long before he is up and about.
 It won't be long before he realizes the mistake.
 It will not be long before he turns up.
 It was not long before he was appointed professor.
 It won't be long before he returns home.
 It will not be long before he gets better.
 It wasn't long before he came again.
 It was not long before he knew it.
 You will soon hear from him.
 It was not long before I got a call from him.
 It will not be long before he comes.
 It will be winter before long.
 It will clear up soon.
 A network of railroads soon spread over the entire country.
 It won't be long before a warm spring comes.
 It will not be long before the sun rises.
 It will begin snowing before long.
 We will soon be having snow.
 It will clear up by and by.
 It will not be long before the world runs short of food.
 In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
 It will not be long before the new term begins.
 Soon the new year comes around.
 The first snow came before long.
 It will not be long before spring comes.
 Spring will soon come.
 It won't be long before we can start.
 It was not long before the game began.
 It will not be long before I come back.
 It was not long before we knew the truth.
 It was not long before we met again by chance.
 We will take a rest soon.
 It was not long before we heard the news.
 It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
 It will not be long before the cherry blossoms come out.
 It won't be long before we can travel to the moon.
 Before long, the moon came out.
 It will not be long before business returns to normal.
 I'm looking forward to the New Year holidays.
 Soon we were clear of the town.
 We will have a music contest soon.
 Soon we saw a house whose roof was red.
 It will stop raining before long.
 It is going to rain soon.
 It soon began to rain very hard.
 It will not be long before it rains.
 Soon after, it began to rain.
 It will be dark soon.
 It won't be long before Mike gets well.
 Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
 It won't be long before we know the truth.
 Soon, swallows will come from the south.
 It will not be long before the boy learns what life is.
 It was not long before the rumor died out.
 We can seat you soon.
 Soon, he learned how to speak English.
 I like pea pods in my stir fry.
 The stepmother sneered at Cinderella.
 Mummy and Daddy are very nervous.
 Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
 Mummy cried.
 Mom didn't mention it.
 Mummy, who's terrified of mice, had two fears to cope with.
 All her years of work and effort have gone up in flames.
 You helped Mommy?
 You'll catch it from Mummy.
 Mummy and I moved into the hall.
 Mommy, where's my booger?
 Mum, why doesn't Dad clean his own study?
 My eyelid feels hot.
 The Mafia uses legitimate business operations as a front.
 As quick as a wink.
 The manager complimented him on his achievement.
 The manager threw in the towel in defeat and planned how to win the next game.
 The manager blamed himself for the failure.
 The manager deals with many problems.
 The manager suggested that I go with him to the airport.
 Some managers murmured at his appointment as president.
 Can you operate a manual transmission?
 Madonna is a beauty.
 Madonna is known to every high school student in Japan.
 Madonna's concert drew a large audience.
 I'll bet Madonna doesn't return to her career for awhile.
 You've got to get a steady job.
 Why don't you get yourself a decent house?
 I'd like to live in a decent house.
 May I wash all my laundry at once?
 Could you knock down the price if I buy two?
 Madeira is the name of a wine.
 Matt is a powerful acquisition for our team.
 Wipe your shoes on the mat.
 Let's get together and talk it over.
 You can put five of them across the head of a match.
 Be careful handling matches!
 Have you got a match?
 Put the matches out of reach of children.
 He felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket.
 Do you have a match?
 It is quite a sorry sight.
 I agree completely.
 You are quite right.
 Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.
 It's really horrible.
 I wrote to him for quite another reason.
 It was a complete failure.
 Everything's a little crazy right now.
 Look straight ahead.
 Climbing the Matterhorn is difficult.
 Look forward, please.
 Go straight ahead and you will find it. You can't miss it.
 Go straight on.
 Go straight on, and you will find the store.
 He sits upright, not crouched over his plate like an animal at a feeding trough.
 The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,meters.
 Mac helped me carry the vacuum cleaner.
 Since Mac wants to buy a new Mustang, he is saving money.
 Mac is my friend. He likes dogs very much.
 Mac is loved by everyone.
 Mac knows how to use this computer.
 Max is clever with his fingers.
 Max explained to Julie why he could not go to her farewell party.
 Max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking.
 It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
 It is me that is wrong.
 Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
 I'll bet my bottom dollar he'll succeed.
 He's still fibrillating.
 The line is busy again.
 See you next week!
 Please come again.
 I hope you will call again.
 I began to sing when I was a youngster.
 He hasn't been proven guilty yet.
 There are still barbarous nations.
 There were still no visual signs of spring.
 The baby doesn't walk yet.
 You must keep this plan a secret as there may be some changes yet.
 For others, it is a vision of what could be.
 Let's play chess another time.
 I don't know yet.
 Seeing that he is still sick, he is unlikely to come today.
 He is still on his back.
 Nor was he ever known to curse unless against the government.
 As yet he has not succeeded.
 It is silly of me to have made the same mistake twice.
 My head still felt giddy.
 Don't hang up yet, please.
 But I'm not able to use the telephone.
 I'll call him later.
 I haven't eaten lunch yet.
 Some of the luggage hasn't arrived yet.
 Nobody has come up yet.
 No one has been convicted of the crime yet.
 Somebody has let you down again.
 I can't stand to take another university entrance exam!
 Your heart's still beating loud and clear.
 I think I'm putting on weight again.
 I'll gain weight again!
 My foot's asleep again!
 I should sell it while it still runs.
 I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
 The full story was yet to be told.
 What would you do if another war occurred?
 We have a long way to go.
 Are you still collecting stamps?
 You're not excused from the table.
 The night is still young.
 I understand it's going to get hot again.
 I haven't finished my homework yet.
 I don't know my address yet, I'm going to stay with my friend for a while.
 I hope we can get together again. Yes, I'll be looking forward to it.
 Let's get together again.
 You drank alcohol again? I told you not to!
 I haven't had a reply to my letter.
 We still have plenty of time left.
 There is yet time.
 He suddenly hung up the phone while I was speaking.
 Sit down again, Miss Curtis.
 There you go again.
 Is there still any sugar?
 I think I'll come back later.
 Another problem has arisen.
 I'll call again later.
 The decision was still in the air.
 I haven't made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you.
 I haven't decided yet, but I prefer flying to going by train.
 I haven't decided yet, but I'll let you know by the time we leave.
 I haven't made up my mind yet.
 Haven't you decided yet?
 There were several rooms still vacant.
 I hope I'll see you again soon.
 I'm still on duty.
 It's still too early to get up.
 My hopes revived.
 I'm not strong enough yet to go to school.
 Will you let me see you again?
 Let's get together again!
 Glad to see you again.
 See you again.
 Nice to see you again!
 We have more music coming up, so stay tuned.
 I'm not good at speaking English yet.
 They say we're going to get some rain later.
 It is likely to rain again.
 It's still raining.
 Is it still raining?
 The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
 Then John gave this testimony.
 Drop me a line.
 It looks like they are at it again.
 You're still green.
 Are you going to play tricks on me again, you naughty boy?
 Let's do it another time.
 How nice to be in Hawaii again!
 I've never been to Paris.
 Let's make it some other time.
 I look forward to your next visit.
 I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
 We're all waiting because there's no news about the test results yet.
 I'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me.
 No one has shown up as yet, but we're expecting at least students.
 We still have plenty of time.
 You've got plenty of time.
 Oh, come on.
 It is said that nobody has solved the problem yet.
 Are you still around?
 I haven't put on the jacket yet.
 The time is yet to come.
 I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
 On the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
 I'm afraid the time is not yet ripe for it.
 Do come again.
 See you soon!
 Until next time.
 I must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished.
 The line is still busy.
 I am looking forward to seeing you again.
 I hope to see you again.
 It is nice to see you again.
 Please keep in touch.
 If you're still hungry, have another hamburger.
 Do you still need tea?
 It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
 We are looking forward to seeing you.
 I trust that I can see you again.
 Nice to see you.
 I hope we'll see each other again sometime.
 See you around.
 If you haven't driven a bike yet, you should give it a shot.
 The engine has broken down again.
 Any time.
 The engine came back to life.
 I'll call you some other time.
 I hope to see you sometime.
 I would like to see you again sometime.
 If we have the chance, let's get together on another occasion.
 I hear you are still associating with him.
 We're looking forward to seeing you again.
 I've come to talk with you again.
 I look forward to seeing you again.
 I'll see you later.
 Not again! Look at those two kissing. They've really got the hots for each other. I can't watch this any more.
 Another day passed.
 She must still be in her twenties.
 Though she was only twelve years old, Susan knew how to make a living.
 Again? Not again!
 They asked him.
 Also, a lot of houses were damaged; windows were often broken throughout the town.
 Also, if you manufacture any other products, please send information.
 I'm not ready yet.
 May I take a rain check?
 Maybe next time!
 I haven't decided yet.
 Also, increased temperatures may require that lubricants be changed frequently.
 I'd like you to put me back on the list.
 I have not finished the task yet.
 And even outside these nations, English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language.
 Uh-oh, here comes another lecture. How typical. This guy has something to say about everything.
 He did not need man's testimony about man, for he knew what was in a man.
 But Jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them, because he knew all people and needed no one to bear witness about man, for he himself knew what was in man.
 I still haven't thanked you for the other day. I really appreciate it.
 Also, "armchair shopping" gets rid of the frustrations of crowds and traffic.
 I can still hear your voice.
 First, I should hear both sides.
 First beat the eggs and add them to the soup.
 First find out her name and address.
 You had better try buttering him up first.
 First of all, he went to the station.
 Try the board surface first.
 Let's begin practicing voice projection.
 In the first place we have to decide on the name.
 First of all, we must dismiss him.
 First of all, we must dismiss the cook.
 First of all, I have to call on Jim.
 First of all, let me say how glad I am to be here.
 To start with, I must thank you for your help.
 In the first place, I discovered that beauty was a full stop.
 In the first place, he's a lazy boy.
 In the first place, we must have capital to begin it with.
 To begin with, the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
 In the first place it's necessary for you to get up early.
 In the first place, you all have to pay a debt first.
 To begin with, you have no right to be here.
 Originally the meeting was planned for next Saturday.
 First of all, we have to finish the homework.
 First of all, it is too expensive.
 To begin with, that kind of work is too tough for me.
 To start with, who is that man?
 To begin with, you must be honest.
 To begin with, you must know yourself.
 In the first place, we have to decide on the name.
 I must finish this work first.
 First of all, you must look it up in the dictionary.
 In the first place, fashions change very quickly.
 To begin with, we must tackle the problem.
 To begin with, the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery store.
 At first they think they won't come to harm, although no smoker escapes at least the short-term effects.
 To begin with, you must build up your body.
 Let's take your temperature first.
 First thrive and then take a wife.
 I'll take attendance first.
 Tend to your own affairs first.
 Let's start the ball rolling by introducing ourselves.
 The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
 I'll begin by introducing myself.
 Please let me speak first.
 We must finish our homework first.
 The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
 We should determine what is to be done first.
 First of all, I will read this.
 First of all, let's look at this famous picture.
 First of all, I must say this.
 You will have little trouble.
 First, catch your hare, then cook him.
 Physically impossible.
 Marry first and love will follow.
 First you have to build up your vocabulary.
 First we'll hit Kyoto.
 It's getting warmer and warmer.
 First came the Celts in B.C.
 More and more people are moving to urban areas.
 More and more people offered to help.
 More and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking.
 More and more people are rushing to make use of the interactive nature of the medium.
 Fires are less frightening today than they once were, because more and more houses are built of concrete, and concrete houses do not burn as easily as the old wooden ones.
 More and more doctors have begun to use the new medicine.
 Ever louder voices of protest drowned out his speech.
 First of all, we have to put your design to the test.
 I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
 You have to think of the example you're setting. You'll never be able to lead if you don't set an example worth following.
 First of all, learn the formula by heart.
 Let's decide together where to go first.
 Where would you like to go first?
 The mast broke and our ship went adrift.
 I'd like to have mustard on the side.
 Easy on the mustard.
 We have to clear up the problem first.
 That's about it.
 Please beat the rug, first.
 We will first ascertain the cause of the disaster.
 First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
 The media blew the whole thing out of proportion.
 The papers found lots of monkey business when they investigated the Recruit scandal.
 I want to eat some cake first.
 Write your name, first of all.
 In the first place, you should be punctual.
 First of all, you have to read this book.
 First of all, may I have your name, please?
 First, I'll try to understand why he thinks so.
 Please fill out this form first.
 Don't take it seriously.
 Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
 Masaru gets married today.
 Serious inquiries only, please.
 Masaru claims that he is innocent.
 Masaru wants to join the English Club.
 He handled things wonderfully, playing it by ear the whole way. I have to say he did an excellent job.
 It's really time something was done.
 When I was on the point of leaving London, it began to snow.
 The very opposite is the truth.
 That is well said.
 That very tune reminded me of my adolescence.
 Masashi and Takako were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
 It was quite possible to buy a house, just as it is in England, provided one gives up the idea of buying a home one likes, and at a reasonable price.
 Masako finished high school in Japan and then graduated from Harvard.
 I hardly think she'd do that.
 He was the last person I expected to see.
 He hasn't come already, has he?
 A friend in need is a friend indeed.
 You must provide for a rainy day.
 He insured himself for a rainy day.
 Save for a rainy day.
 You should always save money for a rainy day.
 You should save some money against a rainy day.
 You should lay by something against a rainy day.
 Please push this button at once in case of emergency.
 I'll stand by you in time of need.
 Keep something for a rainy day.
 In an emergency you can fall back on your savings.
 Believe it or not, she has three children.
 I will not go to the length of saying such things.
 You are the last person I expected to see here.
 That wouldn't be the house we're looking for, surely.
 You must be kidding!
 It's not likely that he went there.
 Masao won't come here, will he?
 Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
 Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
 Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
 Mother Teresa was born in Yugoslavia in 1910.
 Mother Teresa began her work by looking around to see what was needed.
 Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
 Would you be kind enough to put in a word for me?
 Would you be good enough to do it for me?
 The tuna catch is declining.
 Macbeth raised an army to attack his enemy.
 An earthquake of magnitude shook Tokyo.
 McDonald's is world-famous for its hamburgers.
 I'm working for McDonald's.
 What do you think about having breakfast at McDonald's?
 Maori culture is now spreading more and more among us and their language has become an official language.
 Mountain bike racing has caught on with young Japanese in the past few years.
 The study by Meyer and his colleagues was unusual.
 A home is a once-in-a-lifetime purchase so you don't want to make any snap decisions.
 As a man sows, so he shall reap.
 You must reap what you have sown.
 You reap what you sow.
 Michael caught her by the hand.
 Michael had a hard time making ends meet.
 Michael broke the dishes.
 Michael is to be on a TV program tonight.
 Michael was seen to leave by the side door.
 Michael speaks Japanese, not to mention English.
 Michael Jackson is popular in the US.
 Michael, this is the restaurant where your father and I had our first date.
 All but Mike were present at the party.
 May I speak to Mike, please?
 Microwaves penetrate the food in the oven.
 I have installed Microsoft Office on my personal computer, so please use its file format when you send me the attachment.
 I have attached a Microsoft Excel file.
 Mike has a nice racket.
 Mike said that he would come.
 It was pleasant for Mike to talk to Yumi.
 Mike can't play baseball well.
 Mike is proud of his father being rich.
 They say that Mike is sick in bed.
 Mike calls him Ned.
 Mike is the youngest in his family.
 Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
 The microphone is live.
 Mike speaks good Japanese.
 Mike earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
 Mike wore an indignant look.
 Mike liked animals very much.
 Mike played a bad trick on his brother.
 Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast.
 Mike had his teeth checked last week.
 Is Mike a member of the swimming club?
 Mike got back from the library at five.
 Mike smiled.
 Mike named his dog Spike.
 Mike is captain of our team.
 Though Mike likes his job very much, it does not pay well.
 Mike didn't join the practice yesterday.
 Mike ran very fast yesterday.
 Mike doesn't have to wash his mother's car today.
 Mike is in the second year of high school and Ann is too.
 Mike visited Mr Ogaki, who is our principal.
 Mike doesn't practice basketball on Monday.
 Mike really thought your sister was something else.
 Mike was elected chairperson.
 Mike sings well.
 Mike acted as chairperson of the meeting.
 Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
 Mike eats out almost every night.
 Mike is one of our brains.
 Mike is not a member of the volleyball team.
 Mike goes to school by bus.
 Mike likes to play basketball.
 Mike managed to carry the suitcase by himself.
 Mike was very kind. He got my car repaired for free.
 Mike swims very well.
 Mike is popular among the girls because he is the star of the team.
 Mike walked up to the boy.
 Mike is the only man on the board.
 Mike is the tallest of the three.
 Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car.
 Mike asked that he not be disturbed.
 Mike has a friend who lives in Chicago.
 Mike went to Kyoto last summer.
 Mike has been out of work for a year.
 Mike runs fastest in his class.
 Is Mike off the bottle?
 Mike is the brightest student in class.
 Mike always stays cool.
 Mike takes after his father in everything.
 Mike said that he was very careless.
 Mike made a rude table from the logs.
 Mike could not keep up with his class.
 What did you give Mike on his birthday?
 Mike's job at home is cleaning the windows.
 Mike's mother lived in a big city before she married.
 According to Mike, Mac bought a new car.
 Mike has a few friends in Florida.
 Mike has two girl friends.
 Mike and his sister can speak French, but they can't speak Japanese.
 Mike and Tom are in the same class.
 Mike and David are always quarreling with each other over trifles.
 Mike and Ken are friends.
 This is Mike speaking. May I speak to Hiroshi, please?
 Mike laughs.
 It was this racket that Mike bought yesterday.
 It is clear that Mike took the wrong bus.
 Mike cannot have done such a thing.
 When Mike went to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
 It was yesterday that Mike bought this racket.
 Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
 You are wanted on the phone, Mike. It's Jane.
 Did you hear that, Mike?
 How are you, Mike?
 Thanks, Mike. I don't like chicken.
 Well, you can't.
 Well, it'll do for the time being.
 Let's play it by ear.
 That's fairly reasonable.
 You sure gab a lot don't you? You're a natural born talker.
 Martin seemed very tired, didn't he?
 Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin's bullet.
 Martin Luther King, Jr. persuaded the black citizens to protest peacefully.
 Martin Luther King, Jr., had won his first protest against injustice - peacefully.
 Martin Luther King, Jr., was the son of a black minister.
 Nobody could have guessed, in those days, the place in history that Martin Luther King, Jr. was to have.
 Miss March gave me an English dictionary.
 Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
 Just put yourself in my shoes.
 Let's just waste some time around here.
 Sit down and take it easy for a while.
 Marcia looked grim when I told her the story.
 Marcy burst into tears on hearing the news, but soon pulled herself together.
 Martha is an excellent pianist.
 There will be an in-person meeting of the marketing subcommittee on Tuesday afternoon of Jan 27, at the San Francisco CA Airport Marriott.
 For your information, the marketing subcommittee is scheduling a phone conference to establish objectives and directions for 1998.
 Scarcely had the market opened when the fire broke out.
 Mark is the salt of the earth, so he can be trusted with a secret.
 Mark was a work horse on his construction crew.
 Mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease.
 Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
 What a cute baby! May I hold her?
 Margaret is called Meg for short.
 Margaret has a talent for music.
 Margaret, whose father you met last Sunday, is a very good tennis player.
 Oh no, really?
 I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
 I'll tell you what.
 Oh, you'll get used to it soon!
 All in all, this was a nice party.
 Well, just you wait and see.
 I sort of like him.
 Well, I'll be damned!
 I think it's very like a Picasso.
 Gosh, what a dirty customer!
 Oh, come off it.
 Oh, it's very kind of you to say so.
 My, but you're nice.
 Oh, what is this?
 I guess we could.
 I'll give it some thought.
 I'm kind of happy.
 Boil the milk bottles.
 If you drive carelessly, you will miss your turn.
 Don't look away idly; just pay attention to what you're doing.
 If you didn't have your head in the clouds, you could succeed.
 Hong Myong Bo is a great player.
 The pump did not act as it should have.
 Mr Hopkins spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
 The price of books is getting higher these days.
 Can I pay for the book by check?
 I missed the train by only one minute.
 Only a few students understood the matter.
 I am only joking.
 It is nothing but a joke.
 Only a handful of people know the fact.
 I need a bit of sugar.
 Only a few people understood me.
 Give me just a little.
 He is but a child.
 Those books look as if they're going to topple over any minute.
 I don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
 You must give close attention to the merest details.
 It was only an informal party.
 I saw him but once.
 Just a spot of shut-eye has already refreshed my mind.
 Just a word can do harm to a person.
 Only a handful of men want to take childcare leave.
 Only a few people listened to him.
 I am grudged even the least bit of happiness.
 Could I see you a minute, please?
 It's only a short way, so you can walk there in a few minutes.
 Even the merest little thing irritated him.
 It only takes a few minutes.
 I saw her just the other day.
 Only a few members turned up at the meeting.
 Only fifteen minutes.
 A person who is only a pawn in the game often talks big in company.
 Open the hood.
 He really turns me off.
 Yeah, it's been a long time.
 A pound is a unit of weight.
 It is truly regrettable.
 It's really coming down out there!
 You really like comic books, don't you?
 You bet I was surprised.
 Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
 It's been quite ages since we last met.
 I do hope you will get well soon.
 Really? What's your special today?
 Please connect me with Dr. White.
 You can meet Dr. White only by appointment.
 Dr. White acted as our interpreter.
 Mr White punished the boy for cheating on the examination.
 Ms. White spoke slowly enough for me to catch her meaning.
 Mr White read out some letters of thanks to his students.
 Ms. White ordered that Tom should stay after school.
 Mr White teaches us English.
 Mr White is in charge of our class.
 Mr White is a man of reason.
 Mr White wanted to help them.
 Mr. White said to them, "The room will be $30. $for each man." Each man gave him $and went up to the room.
 Mr White said that because of the convention, there were no rooms available.
 Mr. White is a liberal politician.
 Mr White is doing very well so far.
 Mr White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
 Mr White has gone to Canada.
 Mr White has gone to India.
 Mr White called his assistant over and said the following:
 Mr White arrives in Tokyo at 10:30.
 Mr White seems to have many friends.
 I suggest that you see Mr White.
 Mr White and I are not friends, only acquaintances.
 Mr White appeared for him in court.
 Professor White published his first book last year.
 White bread, please.
 White was denounced to the police as a spy.
 Who designed the White House?
 Mr White made a few comments on my speech.
 Mr White is about my age.
 Miss White is liked by everyone.
 Mr White's yard is large.
 Why don't you ask Mr White?
 Allow me to introduce you to Mr White.
 Talking of Mr White, where is he living now?
 A ragged coat may cover an honest man.
 I'm getting high.
 In the collision with a Volvo, our car naturally got the worst of it.
 Skinflicks usually play in old theaters in a sleazy part of town.
 Would you mind turning down the volume?
 Do you offer a volume discount? If so, please send details.
 She was vaccinated against polio.
 Here she is!
 Here he comes.
 It's that time again! Wake up.
 Here's my wallet.
 "Look," she said.
 Others engage in volunteer work.
 The volunteer group provides war victims with food and medicine.
 Here comes the bus!
 It is raining, you see.
 See, you shouldn't work so hard.
 I'm going to see a horror film.
 There! That wasn't long, was it?
 Some people derive pleasure from watching horror movies.
 I get goose bumps when I see a horror movie.
 Here comes the train.
 There she comes.
 She likes animals, you know?
 Here, I got us a bottle of white wine.
 It's starting now.
 Hey, rust is eating away the metal.
 Look, your shoelaces have come undone.
 Here comes Jane. Do you know her?
 Here is my bicycle.
 Look, here comes your mother.
 Look, here comes your train.
 There is your bag.
 Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
 Look! She looks easy.
 Look! There's a bird in that tree.
 Praise stimulates students to work hard.
 It's been raining for around a week.
 It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
 Uncle Bob fixed my clock. It keeps good time now.
 Bob can drive a car, too.
 Bob can cook.
 Bob complained to his friend.
 Bob was beside himself with joy.
 Bob is really a brown noser.
 Bob became an engineer.
 Although Bob was in disguise, I recognized him at a glance.
 Bob made her his wife.
 Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
 Bob has a lot of books in his room.
 Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
 Bob has too many books to read.
 Bob could not control his anger.
 Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
 Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
 Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
 Bob went to meet her grandfather early in the morning.
 Bob was looking for someone to talk with.
 Bob mounted the portrait in a fancy frame, but it was upside down.
 Bob entered the house through a window.
 Bob went through many dangers during the war.
 Bob asked the teacher some questions.
 Is Bob right?
 Bob's really chip off the old block.
 Ten to one, Bob will fail the entrance exam.
 Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
 Bob charged dollars an hour for mowing lawns.
 Bob has to get through this ordeal on his own.
 Bob must have had an accident.
 Bob is my friend.
 Bob stared me in the face.
 Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
 Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
 Bob saw him again.
 Bob derives pleasure from observing insects.
 Has Bob left the company for good this time?
 Bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
 Bob is down for the coming tennis competition.
 Bob was so beside himself that he could scarcely tell fact from fiction.
 Bob was shy when he was a high school student.
 Bob writes to me once a month.
 Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
 Bob was born in the same year as you.
 Bob is popular at school.
 Bob rushed into the classroom.
 Bob waved to whomever he saw.
 Bob is in the drama club.
 Bob lost interest in rock music.
 Bob has been sick in bed for a week now.
 Bob seldom talks with Maria without making her angry.
 Bob seldom writes to his parents.
 Bob has been engaged to Mary for over a year.
 Bob is kind to those around him.
 Bob filled the pot with water.
 Bob made room for an old woman on the bus.
 Bob suggested that the party be put off till Wednesday.
 Bob sang loudest at the party.
 Bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
 Bob was very happy.
 Bob is very timid and blushes when chatting with girls.
 Bob is accustomed to hard work.
 Bob often tries to give up smoking.
 Bob came home very late.
 Bob thinks it is a silly idea to call his mother who is so far away, to spend so much, and to say so little.
 Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
 Bob did not agree to the plan.
 Bob wasn't in on the plan.
 Bob hurried home in order to watch the TV program.
 Bob operates an elevator in the department store.
 Bob brooded on the matter.
 Bob wanted to keep the fox at home.
 Bob is keen to pass the examination.
 Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
 Bob is a good match for you in skating.
 Bob seems excited about watching the soccer game.
 Bob can answer all the questions.
 Bob came here, didn't he?
 Bob expressed words of thanks on behalf of his classmates.
 Bob was popular with all his classmates.
 I am sure that Bob will pass the examination.
 Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
 Bob found various kinds of nuts.
 Bob dropped in at his uncle's house.
 Can Bob be sick?
 Bob was always in a tight spot with the police.
 Bob is a nice person.
 Bob tried to speak to Anne, but he couldn't.
 Bob will be home at six.
 Bob reached the finish line first.
 Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
 I would rather go to the movie alone than have Bob come with me.
 As far as Bob is concerned, anything goes. By contrast, Jane is very cautious.
 Bob and I are great friends.
 Go easy on Bob. You know, he's been going though a rough period recently.
 Bob and Mary play the recorder.
 I hear that Bob and Lucy have broken up.
 I found a kindred spirit in Bob.
 Bob and Tom are brothers.
 Mr Hobson shut the shop and went home.
 We won't start till Bob comes.
 We will begin the meeting when Bob comes.
 Bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy.
 Bob helped me.
 I doubt if Bob will come on time.
 It has been three years since Bob started his own business.
 Bob can no more swim than a hammer can.
 Bob hit me, not her.
 To Bob's disappointment, several of those who had promised to help him afterwards backed out.
 I don't know when Bob came to Japan.
 Uncle Bob invited us to have dinner.
 Bob Johnson tried to make people realize the seriousness of the situation in Africa.
 Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
 Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
 Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
 We're going to begin the descent for Honolulu.
 I'd like to return to Tokyo via Honolulu.
 Light shines on my sigh of doubt.
 They're almost three times as big as we are.
 Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
 She can hardly speak Japanese.
 I was barely able to work.
 I got next to nothing.
 It was an argument of little substance.
 He studied hard, hardly taking time out for lunch.
 I can hardly walk.
 Almost no one goes to the same classes.
 Almost no one believed her.
 Most everything has been improved.
 Almost everybody appreciates good food.
 Almost everybody was invited.
 Almost all the workers objected to working at night.
 Almost all of the pupils were in the classroom.
 Almost all the students believed the rumor.
 Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illness.
 Almost all societies now have a money economy based on coins and paper bills of one kind or another.
 Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.
 It was nearly noon.
 Seeing that we have little time, we have to hurry.
 There's very little paper left.
 He's almost as tall as me.
 You hardly ever work, do you?
 I need to put some gas in the car, as it's almost empty.
 I know almost nothing about it.
 It is hardly raining.
 I scarcely slept a wink.
 Few of the trippers called in at the ghost town of New York.
 Almost all the leaves have fallen.
 He traveled a great deal, as did most of his friends.
 Most writers are sensitive to criticism.
 A 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services.
 The urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast.
 Most Japanese take a bath every day.
 Most Japanese eat rice at least once a day.
 Almost all Japanese boys like to play baseball.
 Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
 In most Japanese companies, only a few executives have a room to themselves.
 Most boys like baseball.
 Most experts think a lot of his theory.
 Few people know each other well.
 Most people want to experience happiness.
 Few people know that Mr. Itsumi is from Kansai.
 Few people know about the plan.
 I'd heard she was too far out for most people.
 Almost everyone believed the rumor.
 Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
 In most cases, modernization is identified with Westernization.
 Most girls think that they are pretty.
 I think that most young people like rock music.
 Most accidents happen around the corner.
 Most dogs are inclined to be friendly.
 Almost every tourist carries a camera with him.
 Most scientists think little of his finding.
 Most houses were destroyed to pieces.
 Most elevators operate automatically.
 Most of the dogs are alive.
 Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
 It will make most Americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts.
 The most instinctive act of nearly every creature is to protect its young, and with humans, this response persists for a lifetime.
 Almost no one believed him.
 Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
 Almost all parents see to the education of their children.
 Almost all boys can play baseball.
 Almost all the students know about it.
 Almost all the students enjoy their school life.
 Almost all of the dogs are alive.
 Bottle or glass?
 It's a pain in the neck.
 Drunk in moderation, alcohol is not harmful.
 Soon the sound died away.
 Would you send, by real mail, some brochures that will help me to choose a hotel?
 Will you give me a ride to my hotel?
 Could you take me as far as my hotel?
 Take a taxi to the hotel.
 The hotel was burned to the ground.
 The hotel charged me yen for the room.
 The hotel fronts the lake.
 Is the hotel close to the airport?
 Fully booked for the night, the hotel had to turn away some late guests.
 I'd like a hotel reservation.
 What was the name of the hotel? I can't recall it.
 Please get me hotel security.
 Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
 Are the hotel rooms supplied with hair dryers?
 The hotel telephone is in the hall and Harriet is trying to ring the police now.
 Is there a hairdresser in the hotel?
 Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
 Is there a photo shop in the hotel?
 Is there a flower shop in the hotel?
 Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
 Please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
 There is a bank in front of the hotel.
 I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
 During lunch in the hotel dining room, the girl named Stella collapsed, and when Dr. Stewart examined the body he said...
 I have some things in the hotel safe.
 Where's the information center for hotels?
 Let's inquire about our hotel reservations.
 You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
 I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
 It was dark when I reached the hotel.
 Make sure you have reserved a room at the hotel.
 Is there a book store in the hotel?
 The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
 I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
 There are five other guests at the hotel.
 Do you have a doctor or nurse in this hotel?
 I had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me.
 My hotel told me to call you.
 Make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel.
 The hotel provided us with sandwiches and coffee.
 The hotel was burned down.
 I can't feel at home in a hotel.
 The scene from the hotel was very beautiful.
 The hotel was in sight.
 We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
 One large fries and two medium cokes.
 Which are you better at, boogie-boarding or surfing?
 Do you care for pop songs?
 I like pop music.
 The more popcorn you eat, the more you want.
 Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
 I feel better when I drink hot lemon juice.
 Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
 May I have some more tea if there is any in the pot?
 There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
 There must have been some more tea in the pot.
 There is little coffee left in the pot.
 There wasn't much sugar in the pot.
 I made a thermos full of coffee so you can take it along with your lunch.
 Is there any water in the pot?
 I'll have two hot dogs with mustard and ketchup.
 To our relief, he came back safe and sound.
 The pot is boiling over.
 Will you please lend me a stapler?
 Mr Potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day.
 Young girls' desire for slim figures is strong.
 In hockey and soccer, goals are counted as points.
 Pochi came running toward us.
 Pochi and Moko are in the kennel, and other dogs are playing in the garden.
 You have only to push the button to open the bay window.
 Did you push the button?
 I found the button loose.
 The button came off.
 Don't touch that button!
 A button has come off the coat.
 There are buttons on the coat.
 A button came off my coat.
 One of your buttons has come off.
 The boss could not approve of what one of his men did.
 The boss made them work day and night.
 The boss has a good opinion of your work.
 The boss called him out for his blunders.
 The boss has been on his high horse all month long.
 The boss called Jim into his office and gave him his pink slip.
 When the boss checks our expenses it can be pretty dicey. He knows how to read between the lines.
 Put me through to the boss, please.
 I can't keep this up. It's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
 I've come under pressure from my boss.
 The boss said this group is a real mixed bag. I wonder if he places me with the wheat or the chaff.
 How many flights to Boston do you offer a day?
 Competition for the position is very intense.
 What track for Boston?
 What time does the train for Boston leave?
 I want to get a connecting flight to Boston.
 It's a long way to Boston.
 Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
 I was a stranger in Boston.
 Which part of Boston are you going to?
 Is this the right bus for Boston?
 We were ten miles short of Boston.
 I looked about for the mailbox.
 Where is the mailbox?
 My host family often advises me.
 You're in luck because the boss is in.
 The posters were immediately removed from the wall.
 I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
 Do you have any water?
 Take as many cookies as you want.
 The dust rose in clouds.
 Dust covers the desk.
 Look out for pickpockets.
 Don't speak with your hands in your pockets.
 Pocket calculators are as cheap to buy as a pair of socks, and as essential to thousands of British school children as a pencil and eraser.
 It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
 Show me what you have in your pocket.
 I found no money left in my pocket.
 A pencil is sticking out of your pocket.
 Don't keep me waiting here like this.
 We crossed the lake in a boat.
 We have to be ready to go through dangers there.
 I used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest.
 Tomorrow is my day off.
 I'm not used to staying up late at night.
 I wish to see my father.
 I tried to cheer her up, but she did nothing but cry.
 I think death is preferable to shame.
 I don't know, nor do I care.
 I'm about ready.
 I go to bed very early.
 I don't like to speak in public.
 As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds.
 I'm a little angry with you.
 I have no time to put my books in order before I go.
 I neither drink nor smoke.
 I am an eager student of magic.
 I can easily touch my toes.
 I will never go out of my way.
 I have half a mind to see that myself.
 I have a great mind to do that myself.
 I don't see why I am in a bad humor this morning.
 Yesterday I ran into Yamada, whom I hadn't seen in years.
 I was laughed at in school today.
 I am so full of foolish ideas today.
 I have gone astray somewhere in my calculations.
 I will take you for a swim.
 I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
 I am fed up with your nonsense.
 I am no younger than you are.
 I will go between you and your father.
 I put on an air of interest.
 I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
 I walked the whole way to the station.
 I am going to put my heart into the work.
 In my opinion he is not fit for the work.
 I met Roy, who asked me to give you this one.
 I haven't touched a tennis racket in years.
 I'm Tom Hunter.
 I meet him on occasion at the club.
 I was at my wit's end as to how to act.
 I will not let the story go out.
 I will try it again.
 I remember it as if it were yesterday, but in reality it was fifteen years ago.
 I have no knowledge of that question.
 I have to assign more men to that work.
 I went through my money in a very short time.
 I had my composition corrected by Mr Jones.
 I'm feeling fit.
 I say this from my heart.
 I know nothing but this.
 I know only this.
 I'm not familiar with this part of the subject.
 I am not concerned with this matter.
 I came across this book in a secondhand bookstore.
 I want to emphasize this point in particular.
 I have to keep my mind on this important question.
 I will put this business through in a week.
 I think this one is inferior to that in quality.
 I'm a coward when it comes to cockroaches.
 I don't like coffee.
 I prefer tea to coffee.
 I am interested in getting a hat like this.
 I am sure that Jim made up that story.
 I will not go to the trouble of taking him there.
 That is not my idea of him.
 I want some money.
 I'm in need of money.
 I felt the engine running.
 I forgot to lift the receiver before dialing the number.
 I keep your interests at heart all the time.
 I am quite ready for payment.
 I gave up smoking for a year.
 I caught sight of her at Shibuya.
 I belong to the karate club.
 I like tennis very much.
 All my efforts proved of no avail.
 Don't avoid my question.
 My car burns a lot of gas.
 My bicycle has a flat tire.
 What did you do with my glasses?
 My watch stopped working.
 My pen isn't as good as yours.
 Will you find my contact lens for me?
 What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
 Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
 Me, I prefer coffee to tea.
 Leave my camera alone.
 My grandfather goes for a walk on fine days.
 My watch gains two minutes a month.
 I have nothing to go by.
 Well, I have a suggestion to make.
 I have no idea why it is so.
 He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
 I can't afford to pay so much.
 Can you give me some money?
 I only have toast and coffee in the morning.
 How about going steady with me?
 You can come with me.
 How about going to see a movie with me?
 We are to go on a hike tomorrow.
 We may as well wait.
 We have to go by the rules.
 We went to the park, and we played there.
 It's all over between us.
 No sooner had we entered the hall than the ceremony began.
 I like such sports as boxing and hockey.
 I don't like such sports as boxing and hockey.
 Boxing is not always a rough sport.
 Boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit.
 Boxing Day, when presents are given to the postman, the milkman, etc., is the first week-day after Christmas.
 The fighter toughened up for the bout.
 The boxer had to lose weight for the title match.
 Boxers need quick reflexes.
 The boxer was hit on the chin and went down for the count.
 A boxer and an actor are coming toward us.
 What I mean is this.
 I will get it for you.
 I had him come while I was still in bed.
 The reason I'm here is because I was asked to come.
 I know a good Italian restaurant.
 It's balmy today.
 Everything else is fine.
 Some other boys came along.
 No other man could do my work.
 The others have to try and catch the murderer.
 You shouldn't count on others for help.
 I caught up with the others.
 Where are the other girls?
 The rest of us all had the smoked salmon.
 I don't like other kinds of drinks.
 Are you going to visit any other countries?
 I had to work hard to keep up with the other students.
 Can I see what's on the other channels?
 Is there no alternative to your method?
 Do you feel pain in any other part of your body?
 Is everything OK here?
 We agreed that there was no other alternative.
 Is anyone else bidding?
 There isn't anywhere else to park.
 Can I bring you anything else?
 Do you have anything else to order?
 Was anybody else absent?
 Who else came to the party?
 There being nothing else to do, we went for a drive.
 Who else is gone today?
 Throw the ball back to me.
 Please throw the ball.
 Pass the ball quickly to a person behind you.
 They filled them with straw to make them round and hard.
 Chuck me the ball.
 It is necessary that the halls be well cleaned.
 The ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools.
 I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
 My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
 Fill out the form in ballpoint.
 Write with a ballpoint pen.
 Will you write with a ballpoint pen?
 Paul makes it a rule not to be late for his appointments.
 Paul stood with his hand shading his eyes.
 The hall was filled to capacity.
 Paul went to the party in place of his father.
 The ball hit him on the left side of the head.
 The ball rolled on the ground towards me.
 Paul prefers English to math.
 Paul offered a new plan.
 Paul put on gloves before going out.
 The ball rolled across the lawn.
 Paul is punctual like a clock.
 Paul made a lot of money last year.
 The hall could seat a thousand people before it was partitioned.
 Paul studies very hard these days.
 The ball bounced high in the air.
 Balls are round.
 Paul blushed and turned away.
 Paul is by far the most charming boy in our school.
 Paul's knowledge of creative bookkeeping has been the secret of his ability to get all the staffing he needs.
 Paul is not so much a singer as a composer.
 What were the balls made of? Thousands of years ago, the Egyptians made balls out of soft leather or cloth.
 Paul wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
 The ball bounded away into our neighbor's garden.
 Paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once.
 That's the way the ball bounces.
 Paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich.
 We have no salad in the bowl.
 I wonder what happened to Paul.
 The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
 More guests have come than the hall can hold.
 There's a telephone in the hall.
 There was a large crowd in the hall.
 There was a small audience in the hall.
 There were many people in the hall.
 There wasn't a single vacant seat in the hall.
 The hall was filled with students, many of whom were girls.
 There were plenty of guests in the hall.
 There were a fair number of people in the hall.
 Paul has three sons. They look very much alike.
 I found it a lot of fun to play tennis with Paul.
 The ball hit her in the eye.
 Not only the balls; the bat was also stolen yesterday.
 The ball rolled across the road.
 A ball hit her on the right leg.
 A ball flew in through the window.
 A ball is floating down the river.
 Paul's success was a myth.
 The ball bounced up high.
 I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
 We couldn't figure out what Paul wanted to do.
 Hit the ball on the rise.
 A hole in one is moving on the whole.
 Just once, I'd like to get a hole-in-one some day.
 Do you think we'll make it to the airport in time, Paul?
 Count me out if you go bowling.
 Poland ceased to exist as a nation for years.
 Paula is going to wash the car tomorrow.
 Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
 Did Paula study for today's test?
 Paula was called away on urgent business.
 Paula left the room to call her mother.
 Bolas are made up of a long cord with two stone balls at the free ends.
 It is very difficult to handle the bola, but the ancient Incas were very good at it.
 Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
 Those homeless people are living hand-to-mouth.
 You look like you're having a lot of trouble setting up that web page. Want some help?
 It's fine to set up a web page, just be sure you don't infringe anybody's copyright.
 The popularity of a web site depends on its content.
 Holmes went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
 In order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors.
 I would like to see Mr Holmes.
 Homesickness is a longing to go back to where you are from.
 I feel homesick.
 I blew my whole bonus on shopping and travel.
 I received my bonus.
 I was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than I was expecting.
 You can hire a boat by the hour.
 A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
 The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
 We went to the lake to row a boat.
 The girl rowing a boat is my cousin.
 The boat was frozen in.
 The boat danced on the choppy water.
 The boat shipped water and nearly capsized.
 The boat was tied to the shore by a cable.
 The boat was off balance because it was overloaded.
 The boat drifted down the stream.
 The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
 The boat goes down the river.
 The boat was sucked in.
 The boat was cast ashore.
 The boat sank in a flash.
 The boat hugged the shore.
 Stick a notice on the board.
 I'll be staying at the Portside Hotel.
 The boats are abandoned on shore.
 There are gaps between the boards in the box. If you fit them in snugly, you'll get more use out of the box.
 A boat capsized.
 Porters often have to walk across the lines.
 Don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage.
 Please have the porter take the baggage to our room.
 Let a porter carry your baggage.
 Portia tempered justice with mercy.
 Mr Hawk is a kind gentleman.
 Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
 Hawking went back to his studies.
 When Hawking graduated from college in 1962, he began studying for a Ph.D. in physics.
 Again, Hawking was almost ready to give up.
 When he started the book, Hawking was unable to write by hand at all.
 For Hawking, writing this book was not easy.
 It was clear that Hawking would live longer than was first thought.
 Boeing has calculated the chances of a series of crew errors leading to CFIT.
 The company's analysis shows that in over 60% of all accidents in the past ten years, the behavior of the flight crew was the dominant cause.
 Boeing's safety experts have joined others in the industry to form an international task force to try to eliminate one particular kind of air crash known as controlled flight into terrain, CFIT.
 I talked my boyfriend into buying me a ring.
 What did you buy for your boyfriend?
 She got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work.
 The membership of the Boy Scout troop swelled.
 The boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made.
 Waiter, please give me a cup of tea.
 Waiter, give us separate checks please.
 I had the boy carry my bag.
 Waiter, three coffees, please.
 Barking dogs don't always bite.
 There are people who don't like spinach.
 Let him alone. He'll soon come around by himself.
 On hearing the whistle, they started at full speed.
 Rigid wheels give sufficient stability to a low-speed vehicle steered by outside forces.
 Finding an apartment can be difficult.
 Would you lend me your pen?
 Do you have a pen?
 Can I borrow your pen?
 Would you mind lending me your pen?
 Pass me the pen.
 I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen.
 May I borrow your pen?
 Henry has no more than six dollars.
 Henry is old enough to support himself.
 Henry will come of age this March.
 Henry was dismissed by reason of his old age.
 Henry James was an American by birth.
 Henry wants to see you.
 Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
 Ben also has something to do with the matter.
 I want a pen friend.
 Ben put his hands in his pockets.
 Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
 Ben was believed to be a criminal.
 Ben committed his diary to the lawyer's care.
 Ben decided to tell the lawyer everything he knew.
 Ben is not as young as he looks.
 Ben was at a loss for what to say next.
 The pen is mightier than the sword.
 Ben acted out the scene of the waitress spilling soup in his lap.
 Ben spread a rumor about me out of malice.
 Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
 Ben, if anything, was a sensible man.
 Ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
 Ben ran a 100-meter race with Carl.
 Ben and I don't get along. We have nothing in common.
 Who is heavier, Ben or Mike?
 Write with pen and ink.
 Please write your name in pen.
 Please write with a pen.
 You must fill the blanks in with a pen.
 Sit down on the bench.
 The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
 The woman on the bench is Mrs. Brown.
 He seated himself on the bench.
 I had hardly sat down on the bench when I found it had just been painted.
 Let's sit down on the bench.
 Benson and Holmes analyzed the psychological effect of artificial insemination on parents.
 Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
 Gotta paint it.
 We'll paint it.
 The paint hasn't dried yet.
 The paint is off.
 This paint comes off easily.
 If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
 If you want a pen, I will lend you one.
 Do you have a pen or pencil?
 Do you have a pen or a pencil?
 If you don't have a pen, use a pencil.
 The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.
 As Ben Jonson put it, "Speak that I may see thee."
 You wash the dishes, Ben.
 We got dead drunk.
 Helen is very worried about her daughter.
 Helen jumped in fright at the strange sound.
 Helen shrieked with terror.
 Helen is more pretty than beautiful.
 Helen is in love with his personality.
 Helen visits her uncle every Sunday.
 Helen is playing in the yard.
 Helen is by nature an optimist.
 Helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin.
 Helen got off at the next stop.
 Helen did me a good turn.
 Helen telephoned me that she had arrived in London safely.
 Helen came to Japan last year.
 Helen graduated from high school last year.
 No sooner had Helen come home than she fell sick.
 Helen blushed at their praise.
 Helen reviewed the day's happenings.
 Helen weighs not more than kilograms.
 Helen always keeps her room clean.
 Helen is always at the top of her class.
 Helen is seventeen years old.
 Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
 Helen Moody was noted as a tennis player for not showing any expression on the court.
 Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
 Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
 Helen, this is my cousin.
 Dr. Hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university.
 Dr. Bell treated the patient.
 Mr. Bell is due to make a speech tonight.
 Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
 Please ring for the servant.
 Press the bell twice.
 It was in that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
 It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
 Can you send the bellboy up?
 The bellboy will show you to your room.
 Has the bell rung?
 Bell invented the telephone.
 The bell rings at noon.
 Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
 The bell has not rung yet.
 Hearing the bell, the examinees knew it was time to stop.
 The best advice to follow when buying a Persian carpet is to have a good knowledge of carpets!
 There is an old story about a Persian cat.
 A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
 Do you know the capital of Belgium?
 What languages do they speak in Belgium?
 On hearing the bell, she answered the telephone.
 No sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom.
 John jumped to his feet the moment the bell rang.
 The bell rang and the train moved off.
 There's the bell.
 The bell is ringing.
 The bell rang, and the train began to move.
 We were watching TV when the bell rang.
 When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
 The bell rang. The teacher told the students to hand in the papers.
 What is the common language in Peru?
 A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
 The helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains.
 The helicopter is flying very low.
 Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
 The helicopter is hovering overhead.
 Perry obtained precious information from him.
 A helicopter circled over us.
 Perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud.
 Perry decided to gain information from Drake.
 Perry visited Uraga in 1853.
 Perry is mistaken in thinking that Emmet's theory was constructed without reference to Newtonian physics.
 I'm on the balcony.
 Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
 I froze at the sight of the snake.
 Snakes are said to mesmerize small animals and birds.
 Snakes are animals I don't like in the least.
 Some snakes are poisonous.
 The very thought of snakes makes her turn pale.
 The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
 I was very scared of snakes.
 The snake coils itself up.
 The babysitter tried to sing the baby to sleep.
 Pepperberg hoped that a similar system would help Alex grasp the meaning of words, not just their sounds.
 They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
 Pepperberg can show Alex two objects (for example, a green square and a red square) and ask, "What's different?"
 Have you ever gone to Venice?
 Penicillin has contributed much to the welfare of mankind.
 To whom do we owe the discovery of penicillin?
 I was dog-tired when I got home last night.
 Even an expert driver can make a mistake.
 Betty can't tell right from wrong.
 Betty killed her mother.
 I think Betty is eligible for a fine young man.
 Betty killed her.
 Betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time.
 Betty killed him.
 Betty will be able to come before noon.
 Betty drives fast.
 Betty challenged me to a game of tennis.
 Betty went to the sea yesterday.
 Betty read four stories during the vacation.
 Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
 Betty is watering the flowers.
 Betty never said a word.
 Betty has a sweet voice.
 Betty talks as if she knew everything.
 Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
 Betty laid herself on the bed.
 Betty can play the piano.
 Betty brought some roses and Jane some carnations.
 Betty is a dancing teacher.
 Betty is crazy about dancing.
 Betty seemed surprised at the news.
 Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
 Betty got over the shock.
 Betty likes classical music.
 Betty could sing better.
 Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
 Betty was the first girl who came to the party.
 Betty arrived the latest.
 It's not as though we were enemies at each other's throat.
 Anywhere with a bed will do.
 No pets allowed.
 Please make the bed.
 Could you send someone up to make the bed?
 No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
 Could you turn on your headlights?
 It is cruel of him to ill-treat pets.
 The glaring headlights dazzled us for a moment.
 The headlight doesn't work.
 Should I make my bed every day?
 Please tell me how to make my bed.
 Make your bed.
 Please show me how to use the headset.
 The noisy headphones are that guy's.
 I found the bed quite comfortable.
 Pets offer us more than mere companionship.
 We're not supposed to indulge pets.
 There is a cat under the bed.
 Two sheets were on the bed.
 My pet cat died yesterday.
 It's hard to imagine a life without pets.
 He had hardly got into bed when he fell asleep.
 He laid himself on the bed.
 He lay on the bed.
 Some people keep rare animals as pets.
 Look at a baby sleeping in the bed.
 A boy sleeping in bed seems to be an angel.
 You must not stay in bed.
 There is a very strict rule forbidding smoking in bed.
 It goes without saying that pets are not allowed.
 Get out of bed!
 Looking up from the bed, he thanked me for helping him.
 Each time you step on the pedal, the wheel turns once.
 A bad workman blames his tools.
 It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
 I'd like to change these pesos, please.
 As Beth wiped tears from her face, she rushed home.
 Beth has preserved her good looks.
 Mary was very impressed with the professional appearance of her new outfit.
 Beth was looking forward to meeting him, but he never showed up.
 Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
 Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
 Beth described what she had seen in detail.
 Beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher's room now.
 Beth protested, but her mother reminded her that she was incredibly fat.
 Beth is an odd girl who likes snakes.
 Bess is simply a child.
 Beth had to work very hard, and now she is hungry and exhausted.
 Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
 Beth is unqualified for such a responsible post.
 Beth was committed to Chris and eagerly accepted.
 Beth was always up a tree.
 Beth is afraid of the dark because of her evil brother.
 Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.
 Beth's father discussed with her how strongly he expects her to be quiet.
 You need to reverse your vest, it's back to front.
 Do your best.
 We can but do our best.
 Do your best and don't worry.
 Welcome to Best Products.
 I'm surprised that Beth didn't enjoy her time at the farm.
 I wish Beth were here with me now.
 Chris could not conceal his sadness when he heard that Beth had been unable to find his valuable watch.
 I'm a vegetarian, so I'd rather not have meat, if that's okay.
 Peggy did not go to see the drama, and neither did I.
 It overflows into a paper cup.
 Miss Pate felt timid about making a speech before a hundred people.
 Beethoven was a great musician.
 Beethoven was deaf in his late years.
 Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
 Do you have Beethoven?
 I feel a strong attraction to the music of Beethoven.
 Peter loves Jane.
 Please turn over the page.
 Please turn the page.
 Look at the picture at the top of the page.
 Read the bottom of the page.
 The total at the bottom of the page is carried forward.
 Would you like bacon or sausage?
 Bacon and eggs is his order.
 In the same way as Hegel, Panovsky's notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course.
 Mrs. Baker had her purse stolen.
 The Bakers have a farm up the river.
 Really? My hobby is reading comics.
 Really? I thought she'd be the last person to get married.
 Look at you - all scrubbed and dressed. They say the clothes make the man.
 Oh, you must be good at sports.
 Heavy sound is being looked for.
 I needn't have painted the fence.
 I didn't need to paint the fence.
 Mr Baker is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
 They made huge, grotesque, yet beautiful poles of red cedar.
 Miss Baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon, so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit, so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed.
 Mr Baker is not so much a scholar as a writer.
 Can I borrow your hair drier?
 I don't think I'll make the grade if I try to play professional baseball.
 The number of the front desk is No 1.
 You had better check them at the front desk.
 After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
 Should I clean your windshield?
 Planning the wedding before proposing is putting the cart before the horse.
 Mr Frost is eligible for the post.
 The status of the project is as follows.
 How's your project coming along?
 The bath was not hot enough and I was unable to enjoy it.
 May I have a program?
 Florence Nightingale is famous as the woman who began professional nursing.
 What kind of musicals are on Broadway right now?
 I'm dying for frozen yogurt.
 Brokers made a killing because of the high yen.
 Nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as Freud.
 Freud originated psychoanalysis.
 Floyd, what's the matter?
 Brent is an American, but he speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
 Freddy's been working the graveyard shift the past month, so he hasn't been able to see any of his friends who work normal hours.
 Have you heard from Freddie?
 Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
 Fred had his little brother paint the fence.
 Fred is a lazy fellow.
 Fred grew up to be a surgeon.
 Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
 Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
 Fred told his wife about the goals that he wanted to accomplish.
 Fred left his wife a large fortune.
 Fred tried to get to the door, but the table was in the way.
 Fred often comes late for class.
 Fred is always telling lies.
 Fred took a liking to Jane and started dating her.
 Fred spent all day looking for a job.
 Fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college.
 Fred's house has five rooms.
 Because he thought Fred's comment was tacky, Larry got up on his high horse.
 Fred has very little patience, and it doesn't take much to make him fly off the handle.
 The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
 Fred and George took turns with the driving.
 Did you hear that Fred has been shown the door?
 Fred kicked a ball.
 It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
 Can you gift-wrap this, please?
 Fred, behave, and I'm not joking, either.
 Could you gift wrap it?
 Thank you for your present.
 Will the present make him happier?
 It is best to review the material before the presentation.
 Please give us a 20-min. time slot for our presentation.
 Since PlayStation came out the game software store shelves have bloomed riotously with colorful new titles.
 I'm really looking forward to next March, when they roll out the new Play Station 2.
 Blake loved to walk in the country round London.
 Press the brake pedal to turn on your brake lights.
 The function of the brake is to stop the car.
 Something is wrong with the brakes.
 The brakes did not work.
 You must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes!
 The brake isn't working well.
 The brake didn't work.
 The brake stopped working.
 Come and join us.
 Plain English is a shortcut to the goal of language learning.
 It seems that Mr Brooke is an honest man.
 You can eat a complete meal, or just go easy with our salad bar.
 The girl in a blue coat is my daughter.
 I don't want to feel blue.
 I plan to play a flute solo.
 Do you want another glass of fruit punch?
 I think that a new fruit drink will go over big during the summer.
 Brutus stabs Caesar, and Caesar falls.
 Bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him, but he soon got over it.
 Blue Sky Sport is closed every Thursday.
 Do you remember what day of the week Blue Sky Sports is closed?
 Here's your pudding.
 You look very good in blue.
 A prism decomposes light.
 Please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer.
 Is there anywhere I can go to find a flea market?
 Call us toll-free at 1-800-446-2581.
 Age brandy in oak casks.
 I like my brandy straight.
 The brandy brought him around in no time.
 The brandy is getting to my head.
 They brought her round with brandy.
 I want to eat French cuisine.
 The President of France visited Okinawa.
 The French are said to love art.
 The French are our neighbors across the Channel.
 I have a daughter who's married to a Frenchman.
 Do you like French wines?
 I want a person who can speak French.
 To speak French is difficult.
 It comes natural to him to speak French.
 No one can match her in speaking French.
 Why don't you study French?
 Seeing as she can speak French fluently, she may have studied in France.
 I picked up some French.
 French is difficult to learn.
 She acted as if she knew French well.
 It's not easy to master French at all.
 Such languages as French, Italian and Spanish come from Latin.
 French is her mother tongue.
 I can't even read French, much less speak it.
 French is spoken by many.
 French developed from Latin.
 French is spoken in France.
 French is spoken in parts of Italy as well as in France.
 French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
 The French word 'chat' means 'cat'.
 French has many more vowels than Japanese.
 It's the first time he has encountered people speaking French.
 Written in French, this book is not easy to read.
 Nobody compares with her in French.
 I don't speak French very much.
 If only I could speak French.
 I was ill at ease because I didn't speak French.
 French is their mother tongue.
 For us, English was the language to fall back on when we couldn't make ourselves understood in French.
 I am writing a study of the French Revolution.
 I would like to go to France.
 I'd like to know how to send money to France.
 I hope your business trip to France was successful.
 France is in western Europe.
 France is to the south of England.
 France seems to be swinging left - Britain to the right.
 France was at war with Russia.
 France is adjacent to Spain.
 France borders Italy.
 France used to have many colonies in Africa.
 What's the total population of France?
 I'm not familiar with French poets.
 The French flag is blue, white and red.
 Do you have any French wine?
 Japan entered into an alliance with France just before the war.
 Artists are highly respected in France.
 How do you cook this fish in France?
 The swing is moving up and down.
 Franklin was known for his common sense.
 Frankfurters were first sold in the United States in the 1860s.
 Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
 Frank can't have been ill. He was playing tennis all day.
 Frank majored in sociology at university.
 Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
 Frank had a reputation as a bad boy but he lived it down as he grew up.
 Frank's boss is extremely money hungry.
 Maybe I'll just wander off on my own.
 It's time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes.
 I've been wandering around.
 As long as we're all just hanging around chatting, may I make a suggestion? Get back to work!
 Let's just wander and see where it takes us.
 There was only one other person on the platform.
 There were a good many people on the platform.
 I'd like a Bloody Mary.
 Is it all right to use a flash here?
 Please put me through to Mr Black.
 Is there any likelihood that Mr Black will agree to the plan?
 Blackie makes a lot of noise while he eats.
 Set a diamond in a platinum mounting.
 The brass band marched around the town.
 The brass band members looked very happy.
 The brass band played three marches.
 A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.
 Plastic does not burn easily.
 Plastic does not break easily.
 A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
 Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
 Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
 Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
 People in Brazil were proud of him.
 The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
 What is the language spoken in Brazil?
 I wonder what language they speak in Brazil.
 No other sport in Brazil is so popular as soccer.
 I would appreciate it if I had the opportunity to meet with Mr Brown again during his stay in Chicago.
 Mrs. Brown understands Japanese.
 Mr Brown is in charge of our class.
 I studied mathematics under Dr. Brown.
 Mr Brown is looked up to by all the students.
 My idea is that we should talk to Mr Brown.
 You should have Mr Brown correct your speech before the presentation.
 I want Mr Brown paged.
 Mr Brown is in the sunset of his life.
 Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
 Mr Brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador.
 Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
 Mr Brown belongs to the upper class.
 Mr Brown is looking for his own glasses.
 Mr Brown is our English teacher.
 Mr Brown contracted with the builder for a new house.
 Mr Brown is a doctor.
 Mr Brown teaches at Harvard.
 Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
 Mr Brown left for England on May 15.
 Put me through to Mr Brown.
 I should like to speak to Mr Brown, please.
 We were all surprised at the appointment of Mr Brown as director.
 Mr Brown gave me your name.
 Professor Brown is very pleased about getting his book published.
 The Browns were all kind to me.
 Though the Browns have seven children, they seem to make ends meet.
 Brown is not so much a writer as a scholar.
 The girl who Brown married is a nurse.
 I'd like you to meet Mr Brown.
 Don't you know Mr. Brown?
 The Browns are a fine and happy family.
 Mr Brown is a wool merchant.
 Mr Brown is her father.
 Mr Brown speaks Japanese very well.
 Is Mr Brown a teacher?
 Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
 Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
 Mr Brown is not as old as he looks.
 Mr Brown has a magical way with children.
 Mr Brown is our financial adviser.
 Miss Brown has gotten used to eating Japanese food.
 Mr Brown was sick at the time.
 Please give me the number for Mr Brown.
 Mr Brown has four children.
 A Mr Brown wants you on the phone.
 It's a phone call from a Mr Brown.
 I think he is Mr Brown.
 Please unbutton your blouse.
 Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
 The flyweight champion contended with a strong challenger.
 Large fries, please.
 Put the meat in the frying pan after the oil has spread.
 I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.
 Flight reconfirmation, please.
 Brian looks blue.
 Brian regrets starting a relationship with her and wants to escape from her.
 Brian came to Kate, with his hair wet.
 Brian left his belongings behind.
 Brian intends to strictly limit the money he uses.
 Brian lives over the hill.
 Brian took some roses.
 Brian left for New York.
 Brian left the door open.
 Brian kept the door open.
 Brian studied English for this trip.
 Brian kept Kate waiting.
 Brian went to school with Kate.
 Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
 Brian gets his mother to do his homework.
 Brian barely has enough money so he consulted his parents.
 There is a shortage of money in Brian's wallet and bank account.
 Brian's girlfriend often begs him to take her to luxurious restaurants.
 To Brian's surprise, his debt amounted to a considerable sum.
 Brian is holding Kate's hands.
 It took Brian several hours to write a card.
 This is Brian Rock.
 Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
 I met him on the street by chance.
 Becoming too fat is not good for one's health.
 Chance led to the discovery of the new island.
 The rumor turned out to be false.
 Give me a bottle of wine.
 Wine is not to my taste.
 The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
 You should not adulterate wine with water.
 He says he can't go without wine even for a day.
 They have no more wine.
 Grapes grow in bunches.
 I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
 We make grapes into wine.
 Grapes are made into wine.
 The grapes are getting mature.
 The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
 I'll punch your lights out!
 He grunted his thanks.
 Football is an old game.
 Football is my favorite game.
 Football was played in China in the second century.
 The football game might be called off on account of rain.
 Where can I see a football game?
 The football game was postponed on account of bad weather.
 Did you get hurt in the football game?
 In a football game the spectators are usually ardent rooters for one of the two teams, but there also is a small group who will climb on the bandwagon of the winning team.
 The football game is now on the air.
 I play center in football and basketball.
 A football team consists of eleven players.
 Sorry to be so direct, but how much did you pay for this?
 President Bush gave an important address on TV and the radio yesterday.
 Mrs. Bush is our English teacher.
 I have push button phones.
 Bush followed Reagan as president.
 Even after it was hit, the pole was still upright.
 The date and address is usually written at the head of letters.
 There is no cure for the common cold.
 I usually play tennis.
 One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
 My ears were ringing from being beaten.
 They were to have got married in May.
 The older of the two daughters is in college.
 Hey, we're trying to have a serious discussion here so I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't butt in so irresponsibly.
 Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
 Mr Fujimori is famous all over the world.
 He had a lot of straight, silvery hair.
 Please push the buzzer.
 The buzzer sounded.
 An owl sleeps by day and hunts by night.
 Owls cannot see in the daytime.
 The owl can see in the dark.
 Owls are supposed to be very wise.
 Quit pouting. Smile and cheer up.
 The owl is slow on foot.
 The forward kicked a goal.
 Blowfish is a delicacy in Japan.
 Fox missed a chance to be a movie star.
 Do we dress formal?
 I'll buy a Ford.
 Mr Ford is all right now.
 Mr Ford is what is called a self-made man.
 I forgot to call up Mr Ford.
 Mr Ford owns this land.
 Fortune companies were the hardest hit by recent legislation.
 Fork-users have historically been in the minority.
 Fork-users are mainly in Europe, North America, and Latin America; chopstick-users in eastern Asia and finger-users in Africa, the Middle East, Indonesia, and India.
 Could we have a fork?
 Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
 Forks and chopsticks became popular because they could easily handle hot food.
 Before forks and chopsticks, people usually ate food with a piece of flat bread.
 Although the fork entered society on the tables of rich people, many members of royalty, such as Elizabeth I of England and Louis XIV of France, ate with their fingers.
 Forks were used for many years in Europe and the Near East, but only for cooking.
 The general use of forks for eating started in the tenth century A.D.
 A fork fell off the table.
 I can't use a fork well.
 There is a fork missing.
 The work of Feuerbach is frequently referred to.
 Locate Puerto Rico on a map.
 The ferry started to move and we were across in half an hour.
 There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
 Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
 It's the Fairmont bus.
 I swam two pool lengths.
 The girl swimming in the pool is my cousin.
 While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
 The boomerang hurtled whistling through the air.
 The boom has peaked out.
 Stop your grumbling and get the work out of the way.
 I would like to purchase some boots.
 Ms. Mizuta likes that "Buska" character so much that last time she happened by a store that had Buska goods, she homed in on them and bought one on the spot.
 What's the capital city of Finland?
 My film has run out.
 Philip and Tom are related to each other.
 Mr Philips, along with some friends and neighbors, is planning a celebration.
 The bellows are not working.
 On encountering the celebrity, the fans asked for his autograph.
 The fans sought to shake the actress's hand.
 I thoroughly enjoyed myself at the Van Dorgen Exhibition.
 She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
 A fashion model must have a good carriage.
 Fashion designers are breaking with tradition.
 What did the businessman say when he invented the zip-fastener?
 Dr. Faust was well versed in alchemy.
 Please don't encrypt your file.
 I'm attaching three files.
 The file cabinet drawers are open.
 Don't give up the fight.
 Fabre wrote books about insects.
 Please excuse me for calling you by your first name.
 I'd like to travel first-class.
 The first baseman is the Achilles heel of our team.
 The cold air revived Tom.
 Ping-Pong is also called table tennis.
 Do you like baseball, Bin?
 Bin lived in Singapore.
 You could have heard a pin drop.
 There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
 There is a little water in the bottle.
 There is no water left in the bottle.
 There is a little milk left in the bottle.
 There is little wine left in the bottle.
 There is little milk left in the bottle.
 Do I have to focus it?
 Please just focus it.
 That's a little out of focus.
 The Hindus worship in temples.
 We ordered pink, but we received blue.
 Who is the girl in the pink dress?
 Pink and rose are similar colors.
 It was a big upset when Hingis was eliminated in the first round.
 The pin pierced his finger and it began to bleed.
 It is a sin to steal even a pin.
 Hiromi decided to risk bungee-jumping, even though he was scared.
 Hiromi wears a new dress.
 Hiroshi is sawing the wood into boards.
 Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke, she readily goes out drinking with friends.
 Except for Bill, they were all in time.
 Except for Bill, they all made it.
 May I speak to Bill?
 I'd like to take the pill.
 Both Bill and Mac are crazy about computers.
 Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
 Bill put aside a hundred dollars for his trip.
 Bill will return next week.
 Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
 Bill often fails to keep his word.
 Bill missed the first ball.
 Bill is a baseball player.
 Bill really drinks like a fish.
 Bill didn't work hard enough and so he failed.
 Bill is on the editorial staff.
 Bill was unable to get Mary to understand what he said.
 Bill hates his father smoking heavily.
 Bill resembles his father in character.
 Unfair advantage was taken of Bill's weakness.
 Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
 Bill is completely unlike his brother.
 Bill can speak Japanese a little.
 Bill was in Japan.
 Bill dealt Tom a sudden blow.
 Bill has a lot of original ideas.
 Bill got mad and called Dick names.
 Bill dived into the river to save the drowning child.
 Bill took his brother to the zoo.
 Bill is really fighting the battle of the bulge.
 Bill was canned from his job last week.
 Bill was single until he tied the knot last week.
 Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
 Bill is good at mathematics.
 Bill was killed by an intruder.
 Bill had always been a quiet, home-loving man, but after a few months in the job, his personality changed.
 Bill did nothing else but joke.
 Bill has not less than six dollars.
 Bill was killed with a gun.
 Bill will win, won't he?
 Bill wanted to get to the office in good time to clean his desk.
 Bill was too young to take the post.
 Bill has a part-time job so that he can buy a car.
 Bill died a disappointed man.
 Bill shouted that he was all right.
 Bill can ride a bicycle.
 Bill is seldom ever on time.
 Bill is nervous about the exam.
 Bill was able to pass the exam.
 Bill is two years older than I.
 Bill is two years senior to me.
 Bill is my junior by two years.
 Bill accepted my statement as true.
 Bill tapped me on the shoulder.
 Bill is my best friend.
 Bill brought me a glass of water.
 Bill brought me the book.
 Bill made me a nice dress.
 Bill joined our company three years ago.
 Bill is a great fighter.
 It looks like Bill will go to medical school after all.
 Bill never argues with other people.
 Bill is not tall like you.
 Bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood.
 Bill spoke Japanese with surprising fluency.
 Bill came to see me last autumn.
 Bill may be watching this game at the stadium.
 Bill was much loved by the other children in his school.
 Bill lives near the sea.
 Bill kept on crying for hours.
 Bill got into such a hole with the payments on his house that now that he's lost his job, I don't know how he'll ever get out from under.
 Above all, Bill was worried about gaining weight.
 The printing business made Bill a small fortune.
 Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
 Every other day Bill goes fishing.
 Bill often plays with toys by himself.
 Bill is a regular fool.
 Bill often goes to the park.
 Bill is not as tall as Bob.
 Bill can run faster than Bob.
 Bill is on his way to New York.
 Bill was crazy for a motorbike.
 Bill came all the way from Florida.
 Bill seems to be stuck on Mary.
 Bill got up so early that he caught the first train.
 Why did Bill tear the letter into pieces?
 How fast Bill runs!
 Bill will often sing in the toilet.
 Bill turned on the television.
 Bill stopped smoking.
 Bill just wanted to comfort Monica, but she interpreted it as romantic interest.
 Bill was killed by that man.
 Bill signed up for the exam.
 Bill did not commit the crime.
 Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
 Bill didn't turn up at the party.
 Bill replaced Jim as captain.
 Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
 Bill disagreed with his classmates on every subject.
 Bill can run fastest in his class.
 Bill is honest all the time.
 Bill was late for school as usual.
 Bill has stock in that company.
 Bill climbed the ladder of success until he became the president of the company.
 Bill is the more clever of the two brothers.
 Bill is minutes late. He must have gotten lost somewhere.
 Bill has come by a great deal of money.
 Bill is as tall as Jack.
 Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
 There is a car in front of the building.
 Bill's work is selling cars.
 Bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood.
 Let's call Bill up.
 Bill has no sense of adventure.
 I haven't seen Bill for a long time.
 Bill has many friends.
 I never can tell Bill from his brother.
 Bill and I have been sincere friends for a long time.
 When Mr Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
 How much is the fare to the Hilton Hotel?
 The Hilton Hotel, please.
 Bill and John like to get together once a month to shoot the breeze.
 Bill and Joan divided the candy between them.
 Not only Bill but also Mac is crazy about computers.
 Mr Hill went on a journey to Japan yesterday.
 I'm planning to stay at the Hillside Hotel.
 It is doubtful whether Bill will come.
 Bill was singled out for a special award.
 The building replaced several houses.
 Bill called me last night.
 Bill won the match, not so much by good luck as by real ability.
 Nobody knows where Bill has gone.
 Bill will take you on at tennis.
 After fifteen years at a building firm, Bill Pearson was given the responsible position of area manager.
 Bill, call me tonight.
 Bill, answer the door.
 Bill, did you take Spot for a walk yet?
 Philip, like Andrew and Peter, was from the town of Bethesda.
 "Come and see", said Philip.
 Billy is very tall for his age.
 Bill was careless in handling his pistol.
 Billy is good at sports.
 The secret of the pyramid was brought to light by science.
 The pyramids were built in ancient times.
 It looks like cherry blossom-viewing season is at an end. You can see the petals fluttering down.
 See which way the cat jumps.
 Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
 She might be seriously ill.
 She might not know that we are here.
 He cannot possibly believe her.
 Perhaps he will come.
 He might be away at the moment.
 John might know something about Mr Black.
 Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
 She might know the answer.
 Do you mean you met her!?
 Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
 Did you happen to see her yesterday?
 Do you, by any chance, think you will succeed?
 Do you happen to know a man by the name of Brown?
 Do you happen to know of a cheap hotel near here?
 Do you know Professor Brown by any chance?
 Something might have happened to her.
 He might have lost his way.
 Possibly he knows who broke the windows.
 The chances are that he has not heard the news yet.
 It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
 I may win by some chance.
 It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
 Do you happen to know anything done by her alone?
 The chickens were scratching for food on the ground.
 The hail cracked the window.
 The hail harmed the crops.
 The buffet or the cafeteria is in Car 9.
 Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
 A fuse has blown.
 Pull the string and the water flushes.
 A good appetite is a good sauce.
 The mountains in the Himalayas are higher than those in the Andes.
 I really enjoyed the beefsteak you served, not to mention the other dishes.
 Keeping up with the Joneses is expensive in rich town like Beverly Hills.
 Could I have a plastic bag for those?
 The weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat.
 I grow tomatoes in plastic houses.
 Don't count your chickens.
 I like hot springs off the beaten track.
 I felt so good as I lazed in the sunshine that I drifted off to sleep.
 Cover your head when you are in the sun.
 Even though I was sitting in the sun, I still felt chilly.
 I'm going to rock the boat.
 Let's take a coffee break, shall we?
 It looks as if it is going to rain.
 How do you like living on your own?
 Being left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
 Left to himself, the child would feel very lonely.
 One speaks English, and the other speaks Japanese.
 A man may be wrong; so may a generation.
 A boy was driving a flock of sheep.
 A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
 A girl stood there crying.
 A high school student made this robot.
 A policeman ran past.
 I always think of him when I'm alone.
 You should have told me that you wanted me to come alone.
 Don't be a wallflower.
 You must go to a foreign country for yourself.
 You can't lift the piano.
 Unable to accomplish the task by himself, he turned to me for help.
 Hitler is one of the most notorious dictators.
 Hitler led Germany into war.
 Hitler invaded Poland in 1939.
 Hitler assumed power in 1933.
 Hitomi looked very happy.
 Jack stood aside for Hitomi to enter.
 The explanation of each fact took a long time.
 One magazine is for boys, and another for girls.
 Many a quarrel comes about through a misunderstanding.
 There wasn't a soul in sight.
 I was wondering if you could help me.
 Could I ask a favor of you?
 May I ask you a favor?
 I have an idea.
 Once you hesitate, you are lost.
 A tear rolled down her cheek.
 That last comment was pushing it.
 In a word, he is a flatterer.
 She had changed so much that I couldn't recognize her.
 My head aches so much.
 It hurts terribly.
 I have a bad toothache.
 It was very cold, and then before long, on top of that, it began to rain.
 It's terribly cold. I think I'm going to catch a cold.
 I've been badly bitten by mosquitoes.
 It was so dark that they could hardly see.
 It was a terrible confusion; Sue slipped later in the water. They're all mad at you.
 A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
 The trip was canceled because of the terrible storm.
 I had a hard time.
 He could not go out because of a bad storm.
 I had a devil of a time.
 You'll have a hard time.
 Hearing the terrible noise, I asked him what was going on.
 I had a bad stomach-ache.
 A bad cold has kept me from studying this week.
 I've caught a terrible cold.
 I'll consult a doctor as I have a bad cold.
 I had a bad cold.
 Having a bad cold, he was absent from school today.
 Owing to a bad cold, he could not take part in the game.
 He said he was suffering from a bad headache.
 Keep away from me because I have a bad cold.
 A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
 I have recovered from my bad cold.
 I have not got rid of my bad cold yet.
 A hard wind is blowing.
 I have a bad headache.
 I had a bad headache. That's why I went to bed early.
 This is a terrible climate.
 Bad weather oppressed me.
 It was dreadful weather.
 I have terrible pains.
 The heavy snow kept us from going out.
 They were deep in the red and closed up shop.
 A heavy snowstorm kept us from going out.
 A critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path.
 In spite of the terrible congestion, I was in time for the appointment.
 Bad treatment fanned his dislike to hate.
 I think the rain's getting heavier.
 The noise of the heavy traffic kept me awake all night.
 Terrible shooting broke out the night before last.
 It was so cold that we lost the use of our hands.
 The heavy rain compelled us to put off our departure.
 He could not go out because of the heavy rain.
 They started in spite of the heavy rain.
 We were late for school because it rained heavily.
 It's shameful, the way he wastes money.
 I'm sorry that you've been badly injured.
 He is hurt badly and is unconscious; that is, he can't think, speak, or hear.
 Hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist.
 I paid for the video in five installments.
 I watched a movie on video.
 It doesn't pay to play video games.
 The video shop is open until o'clock.
 You're sick!
 I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
 The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
 Whoever the pitcher may be, he will not be able to strike out our best hitter.
 Try on this new suit to see if it fits well.
 Sheep provide us with wool.
 It is time to feed the sheep.
 We were struck dumb with astonishment.
 He was in open-mouthed amazement.
 I was agreeably surprised.
 Oh my gosh! You're the last person I expected to meet in a situation like this.
 A pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces.
 We are annoyed at the constant noise.
 I don't want you to ring me up all the time.
 Where's the aisle for vitamins?
 You should eat some vegetables rich in vitamins.
 Foods rich in vitamin E include dark-green, leafy vegetables, beans, nuts and whole-grain cereals.
 I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
 A man with a gun urged him into the car.
 The police came as soon as they heard the gunfire.
 I hurt my elbow.
 A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
 A successful business is built on careful financial management.
 A businessman is working out some figures with a calculator.
 I would like to go to a business school.
 What is the procedure for getting a visa?
 Why don't we order pizza?
 I applied for a visa.
 We are going downtown to eat pizza.
 Please help yourself to the pizza.
 Can I switch over from a sightseeing visa to a business one?
 It'll be impossible to get a visa at short notice.
 Many of the things Pizzaro had heard about the Inca treasure were true.
 Pizza is my favorite food.
 Can I pay with my VISA?
 Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
 Could you please issue me a visa again?
 Please extend this visa.
 This school was recommended to me by someone I asked to help me with the visa application process.
 I'm afraid I have water in my knee joint.
 The eaves are dripping.
 Do you accept Visa card?
 Please shave my beard.
 I lather my face before shaving.
 It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
 I cut myself shaving.
 Do you also want a shave?
 The picnic was called off because of rain.
 The picnic was a disappointment.
 Let's fix the date for the picnic.
 The day of the picnic has arrived.
 Let's go to the picnic.
 We had lots of fun at the picnic.
 How about going on a picnic?
 It's ideal weather for a picnic.
 Queen Victoria was the sovereign of Great Britain.
 The pretty girl in the bikini was an eye-opener on the beach.
 She has convulsions.
 It's brand new.
 The Hikari runs between Tokyo and Shin-Osaka in three hours and ten minutes.
 Picasso is a famous artist.
 Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
 Picasso is an eminent painter.
 Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
 Picasso kept drawing pictures until he was years old.
 I bought a Picasso.
 I'd like to buy a Picasso.
 Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
 Painters such as Picasso are rare.
 Such painters as Picasso are rare.
 When the little boy saw the clown, the cat got his tongue.
 I'm off beer.
 Drinking beer refreshes me.
 I feel like drinking a beer.
 I really feel like a beer.
 What do you say to a beer?
 What about a glass of beer?
 Would you like some more beer?
 Could I have another glass of beer?
 Wouldn't you like another glass of beer?
 Could I get one more beer, please?
 A beer, please.
 I'll buy you a beer.
 Go easy on the beer!
 Two beers, please.
 Beer is brewed from malt.
 The beer foamed over the top of the glass.
 Beer bottles are made of glass.
 I would like to have something to munch on with my beer.
 Beer sales are at the mercy of the weather.
 I don't drink much beer.
 How much beer people drink largely depends on the weather.
 I'd like a glass of beer.
 Have you got any beer?
 I know how to make beef stroganoff.
 How do you like your beef stew?
 Peanut butter and jelly, please.
 The Beatles set the world on fire with their incredible music.
 The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
 The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
 The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
 The Beatles are popular among young people.
 Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
 Pete came coasting down the hill on his sled.
 Let's go to the beach.
 Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
 I went out with the heater on.
 Peter is a merry fellow.
 Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
 Peter isn't anything like his father.
 Peter takes after his mother more than his father.
 Peter's very tall. He takes after his father.
 Peter showed due respect to his teacher.
 Peter may need a new diaper.
 Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week.
 Peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time.
 Peter was fed up with childish girls.
 Peter was fed up with childish girls and wanted to meet a really mature woman.
 Peter is not in now.
 Peter didn't come after all.
 Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
 Peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor.
 Who is the boy acting the part of Peter Pan?
 Peter looks very young.
 Peter fell in love with the girl.
 Peter remarked that the pudding was too sweet.
 Peter applied to his boss for a raise.
 Shall I ask Peter for help?
 Peter and I would often go to the movies.
 Peter and Carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
 Peter and Eve make a handsome couple.
 Peter came in your absence.
 When Peter got up, Jean had already left home.
 Peter, Nancy will be ready in while.
 It is difficult to play the piano.
 I'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano.
 Playing the piano is her favorite pastime.
 May I play the piano?
 Who is the man playing the piano?
 The girl playing the piano is my sister.
 The girl playing the piano is Akiko.
 It takes years of practice to play the piano well.
 The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
 A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
 A piano is expensive.
 Could I have money for my piano lesson?
 What an expensive piano!
 Can you play the piano?
 Never did I dream that I would take first place in the piano contest.
 The pianist played a trick on the audience.
 As a pianist, he is far above me.
 In addition to being a pianist, she is a painter.
 Whether or not beer gardens get a lot of customers depends on the weather.
 Half a loaf is better than none.
 The number of Japanese who live on bread has increased.
 I like to bake bread and give a loaf to my friend Mie.
 I bought two loaves of bread.
 Bread and milk are good foods.
 Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall; Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
 Please slice a loaf of bread for me.
 Bread is made from flour, water and yeast.
 Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
 Bread is made from flour.
 We have lots of bread, and as for butter, we have more than enough.
 Bread is baked in an oven.
 The car bumper absorbed some of the impact.
 The hamburger is a famous American dish.
 Your diet is going to be really unbalanced if all you eat is hamburgers.
 Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
 Bread has gone up ten yen in price.
 On what kind of bread?
 Which would you like to have with your bread, butter or cheese?
 Pan is a monkey that can spread butter on bread.
 My band name's Red Hot.
 Mr Hunt is principal of our school.
 The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
 I need some bread and milk.
 What time will the band start playing?
 The band has played a march.
 Can I have a Band-Aid?
 Could you send up a Band-Aid and some medicine?
 Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
 Giant pandas live only in China.
 Have you ever seen a panda?
 Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
 The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
 The hunter aimed a shotgun at the flock of birds.
 The hunter shot at the bird.
 The hunter shot at a deer.
 A hunter hunted hares with his dog.
 The fish swam up for crumbs.
 I have a flat tire.
 I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
 I need some hangers.
 A trip to Hawaii will cost you about dollars.
 I'm not sure about Hawaii, where there are also many Japanese, but I do find that having at least some Japanese around can be reassuring. That's how I feel.
 Have you ever been to Hawaii?
 Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
 Hawaii is known as an earthly paradise.
 Hawaii enjoys good weather the year round.
 Hawaii is often referred to as "The Pearl of the Pacific."
 The evening in Hawaii is very beautiful.
 The Hawaiian ocean is so beautiful.
 He says he has been to Hawaii before.
 I'd like to go to Hawaii.
 There are a lot of beach bums in Hawaii.
 When you come to Hawaii, I'll show you around.
 Tell me what you did in Hawaii.
 I am going to stay with my aunt in Hawaii.
 In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
 Hawaii's really the land of milk and honey.
 Happy Halloween!
 I'll stop giving them chocolate on Valentine's Day.
 It is a silly practice for non-Christians to send chocolates on St. Valentine's Day.
 Happy Valentine's Day.
 You may have swelling, but don't worry about it.
 How many days will it take until the swelling goes down?
 Halley's Comet comes round once every eighty years.
 Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
 A ballet theater is a place in which I can study motion.
 He stands alone as a conductor of ballet music.
 I play volleyball a lot.
 Do you like playing volleyball?
 His height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball.
 Let's play volleyball.
 I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
 Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
 I couldn't see the parade well from where I was.
 The parade went through the crowd.
 The sound of the parade died away.
 Haruyo is undoubtedly under stress during this entrance-examination season.
 Haruyo steeled herself to tell Akiyoshi that she wanted to stop dating him.
 Mr Balboa is so well known as to need no introduction.
 It was nice of you to come all the way.
 I appreciate your coming all the way.
 I went all the way to see her only to find her away from home.
 It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
 I deeply appreciate your coming all the way.
 Long ago in early cultures, the ball in the game was the symbol of the sun.
 Beyond was the sea.
 The sun rose above the horizon in the distance.
 I saw a flash of lightning far in the distance.
 You can see the island in the distance.
 Flight from Paris arrived one hour ahead of time.
 All the Parisians have gone outdoors.
 The river which flows through Paris is the Seine.
 It will cost dollars to fly to Paris.
 It is not far to Paris.
 It's fifty kilometers to Paris.
 I'm thinking of going to Paris.
 Have you ever been to Paris?
 It was her wish to go to Paris.
 Take the shortest route to Paris.
 Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
 Paris is called the City of Lights. Many beautiful buildings are lit at night.
 Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
 Paris is best in autumn.
 Paris is the capital of France.
 Paris did her best to defend her liberties.
 Where is Paris?
 Paris, which is on the Seine, is a beautiful city.
 Paris fell in 1940.
 Paris is the center of the world, in a way.
 It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
 Corsairfly is an airline based in Paris.
 I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
 I visited him at intervals during my stay in Paris.
 While staying in Paris, I happened to meet him.
 I met him while I was staying in Paris.
 I'm dying to see Paris.
 We stopped over in Athens on our way to Paris.
 Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
 I remember meeting him in Paris.
 What's in fashion in Paris?
 Evidence that Harrison did not intend this work to be a parody can be seen in his letter to Mrs. Evans.
 Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
 The victims of the hurricane have not tasted food for three days.
 The death toll from the hurricane climbed to 200.
 There are good grounds for the view that Paris was the scene of frequent riots even before the revolution of 1789.
 First, swallow one dose of barium.
 Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
 Harry left his family million yen when he died.
 Harry is gentle with cats.
 Barry hits the bottle every now and then.
 Harry was late for class yesterday because of his accident.
 Harry managed to swim across the river.
 Harry is only 40.
 Harry called at Tony's house.
 Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
 Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
 Barry Taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman.
 Could you tell me where I could go to get a square meal?
 Experience the sickening knotting of the stomach.
 Roses smell sweet.
 The roses bloom in spring.
 The roses sometimes grow wild.
 The roses are now in full bloom.
 A rose has thorns on its stem.
 The rose is called the queen of flowers.
 The rose is the national flower of this country.
 I should have brought my umbrella. Large raindrops are starting to fall.
 I read an exciting story.
 This is a great moment.
 A rose smells sweet.
 The roses are in bud.
 A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
 A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
 The perfume of roses filled the room.
 The smell of roses hung in the air.
 There is nothing I like so much as the smell of roses.
 The roses are in full bloom.
 It's as lovely as a rose.
 The smell of roses filled the room.
 It is better to be stung by a nettle than pricked by a rose.
 Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.
 A parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face.
 The roses are in bloom.
 Let's go early, shall we?
 Quick, run after him.
 Would you slice me a piece of ham, please?
 I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
 Hamlet acts as if he were insane.
 Who wrote Hamlet?
 Play the part of Hamlet.
 Who acts Hamlet?
 Can you quote a line of Hamlet?
 There are species of hummingbirds.
 During the bubble, people dreamed of a life of leisure.
 If only I'd sold that property during the economic bubble, I wouldn't have suffered such a big loss.
 That's because the bubble vanished into thin air.
 A pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer.
 Well, he is baptizing, and everyone is going to him.
 Could you show me what you're serving in the buffet?
 In the Carteret Islands, near Papua New Guinea, some people have already had to leave their homes because the seawater is washing around their houses.
 Can I go out to play, Dad?
 Daddy was in his office, under our flat.
 He said that he could smell something burning and that the telephones weren't working.
 He brought our TV set down to the cellar.
 I could say nothing in my dad's presence.
 Why don't you have Dad clean up his study?
 Hang onto Daddy!
 I'll tell Daddy on you.
 Daddy passed gas.
 Where are you going, Dad?
 So this is Lady Evans.
 Give me a ride on your shoulders, Daddy.
 Two vanilla ice creams please.
 He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
 The Panama Canal connects the Atlantic with the Pacific.
 Your nose is running. Blow it.
 The patrol cars cover the whole of the area.
 The patrol car pursued a speeding sports car, but it all ended in a wild-goose chase.
 Patricia will organize the tournament.
 The pigeon and the ostrich are both birds; one can fly and the other cannot.
 The dove stands for peace.
 A dove is a symbol of peace.
 The dove is a famous symbol for peace.
 The dove is a symbol of peace.
 Do you know where Miss Hudson lives?
 Professor Hudson is my father's friend.
 I need a police car.
 He ran away at the sight of a police patrol.
 The police car was driving at fairly high speed.
 Patty exposed her back to the sun on the beach.
 Patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch.
 Patty is a smart student.
 Patty finished writing to her friends in Canada.
 Bach and Handel were contemporaries.
 Pat stripped off his clothes and dived in.
 Pat is very talkative.
 Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
 Go and help them, Bud.
 The batteries are extra.
 The battery gave out.
 The battery ran down.
 The batter struck out swinging.
 The batter has two balls and two strikes on him.
 Ichiro hit an eye-popping double.
 I'm going to have to start lobbing. I can't win with passing shots alone.
 My bag was stolen.
 Keep an eye on the bags.
 Please show me your bag.
 Please open your bag.
 I saw flashing red lights in my rear-view mirror and my heart sank.
 The rear-view mirror fell off.
 Where can I put my bag?
 If you can't lift your backpack, then you can't carry it!
 The candy I had in my bag went mushy in the heat.
 One of my bags is missing.
 The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
 Not to mince matters, I don't want you to come to our party.
 To put it clearly, I don't like him.
 Quit talking like you've got something stuck in your mouth and say what you mean.
 Give it to me straight.
 Just for the record, I totally disagree with this decision.
 Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
 Get to the point!
 Speak up!
 There were no visible dangers.
 I will give you a call as soon as I know for sure.
 There is nothing more shameful than to say what one cannot say for certain.
 I don't know for certain.
 May I ask a few more questions about that point? It's a little obscure.
 I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
 Give me a definite answer.
 I guess I haven't made myself clear.
 I pronounce this a perfect dinner.
 Mice are distinct from rats.
 There is no sugar in the bowl.
 A hummingbird is no larger than a butterfly.
 A bee flew out of the window.
 Kick with your legs straight to go forward.
 Bread and butter is my usual breakfast.
 I ate nothing but bread and butter.
 You've run through all the butter?
 Please pass me the butter.
 I'd like some more butter.
 Bread and butter is their usual breakfast.
 Pass me the butter, please.
 Butter and cheese are made from milk.
 Butter is made from cream.
 Butter is made from milk.
 We make butter from milk.
 What is butter made of?
 Butter is sold by the pound.
 You can use margarine as a substitute for butter.
 Dr. Patterson communicated with a gorilla using sign language.
 Dr. Patterson also uses spoken language with Koko.
 Dr. Patterson: She made the sign for cat.
 Dr. Patterson: Oh, no! She was very gentle with him.
 Dr. Patterson: Not at all! Koko has taught us that gorillas are intelligent enough to learn sign language.
 Dr. Patterson: Yes, it was horrible.
 Dr. Patterson: Sure. Do you know about Koko's love for cats?
 It is unclear in Patterson's experiment whether the output objects fully correspond to the designed models.
 I broke the personal computer.
 I need some butter. Do you have any?
 Personal computers are of great use.
 I am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual.
 She alone is able to use the personal computer.
 How much is the bus fare?
 Bus rates have stayed the same for two years.
 What do you think of the idea of making a bus trip?
 I'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
 A single room with bath, please.
 It's a ten minutes walk to the bus stop.
 Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
 Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
 Our house is quite satisfactory except that it is rather a long way to the bus stop.
 The bus stop is across the street.
 The bus stop is quite handy.
 The bus stop is near our school.
 Where's the bus stop?
 The bus stop is close by.
 The bus stop is five minutes' walk from here.
 Getting to the bus stop, he found the bus had left.
 The bus had already left when I got to the bus stop.
 Show me the way to the bus stop.
 I'll call you back when I get to the bus stop.
 There was not a long queue at the bus stop.
 No one is waiting at the bus stop. We may have missed the bus.
 What's the bus fare?
 The bus fare was raised.
 The bus fares have been raised by percent.
 Where can I catch a bus?
 Please tell me where the bus stop is.
 I'd rather walk than wait for a bus.
 The man waiting for the bus lost his temper.
 While waiting for the bus, I was caught in a shower.
 While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
 Waiting for a bus, I met my friend.
 Bus service must be increased in frequency.
 It is careless of me to take the wrong bus.
 We had to wait a little while for a bus.
 While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
 How long have you been waiting for the bus?
 I took the wrong bus.
 The bus passed five minutes ago.
 I can't finish this part of the puzzle.
 The bathroom is occupied now.
 The bathroom is at the end of the hall.
 I'd rather walk than take a bus.
 When riding a bus or a train, you need to pay the fare.
 Would you mind letting me see your passport?
 May I see your passport, please?
 May I see your passport?
 Someone stole my passport.
 What's the best way for me to get a passport?
 I have my passport.
 Will you show me your passport, please?
 Passport, please.
 May I look at your passport?
 Show me your passport, please.
 The passport important on your trip.
 A passport identifies you as a citizen of a country and allows you to travel to foreign countries.
 Do you have your passport?
 A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
 Do you remember your passport number?
 The person whose name was on the passport was described with words.
 I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
 I need your passport and three pictures.
 I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
 Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
 The bus was filled to capacity.
 The bus was heading north.
 The bus was very crowded. I wish I had taken a taxi.
 The bus was about to start.
 The bus left five minutes ahead of time.
 The bus arrived ten minutes behind time.
 The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
 It seemed that the bus had been late.
 The bus left early.
 The bus stopped to take up passengers.
 The bus rocked heavily up and down.
 The bus picked up the speed gradually.
 The buses left one after another.
 The bus will have started before we get there.
 The bus has just left.
 The bus was late because of the traffic jam.
 The bus stopped sharply.
 The bus leaves in five minutes.
 The bus deposited us at the station.
 How often do the buses run?
 The bus has already gone.
 The bus is due here any time now.
 The bus hasn't come yet.
 The buses ran back and forth almost empty.
 The bus went past the bus stop.
 The bus stopped in every village.
 How long ago did the bus leave?
 The bus was very crowded.
 Where will the bus pick us up?
 Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
 The bus rattled as it drove along the bumpy road.
 The bus was so crowded that I was kept standing all the way to the station.
 The bus should be coming soon.
 The bus will come soon.
 The bus doesn't always come on time.
 The bus was two minutes early.
 There is only one bus every two hours.
 Buses are running at minute intervals.
 There is a bus every fifteen minutes.
 The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
 The bus will arrive within ten minutes.
 The buses run every ten minutes.
 The bus leaves every ten minutes.
 May I have a bus route map?
 What time does the bus leave?
 There ought to be a better bus service.
 I'd like a bus route map.
 Is there a bus service?
 As there was no bus service, we had to walk all the way to the station.
 We had much difficulty in finding the bus stop.
 Let's run to the bus stop.
 I'll race you to the bus stop.
 Since there was no vacant seat on the bus, I stood the whole way.
 There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
 I often talk to him on the bus.
 Can I buy a ticket on the bus?
 I came upon a friend of mine in the bus.
 I ran into Mr Lynch on the bus.
 The front of the bus was not crowded.
 Most of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
 The bus conductor told her to get off because she could not pay the fare.
 May I have a bus schedule?
 A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
 The driver told us to be careful when we got off the bus.
 The bus drivers are on strike today.
 The bus service won't be available until the snow has melted.
 I was late for the bus, late for work, and got a run my stockings.
 You must buy a ticket to get on the bus.
 It was careless of you to miss the bus.
 Don't miss the bus.
 You'd better get going in case you miss the bus.
 You'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus.
 I missed the bus.
 Let's get on the bus.
 You will have to go without her.
 Take a bus.
 Should I take the bus?
 It was careless of her to leave her umbrella in the bus.
 I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
 There being no vacant seats on the bus, I was kept standing all the way to the station.
 Let's hurry so that we can catch the bus.
 There being no vacant seat in the bus, I kept on standing.
 The bus takes fifty people.
 I left my briefcase in the bus.
 It is cheaper to go by bus.
 Will you go to Tokyo by bus?
 Some people went by bus, and others by train.
 Let's take a bus.
 If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
 Sometimes I go by bus and sometimes by car.
 Do you go by bus, by train, or by subway?
 I prefer going on foot to going by bus.
 Are you going by bus or car?
 I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
 Do you think it will take long by bus?
 How can I get to the hospital by bus?
 The bus will take time.
 Let's go by train instead of by bus.
 How long does it take by bus?
 In the bus, a boy made room for an old woman.
 It takes two hours to go there by bus.
 He came by bus.
 How long will it take me to get there by bus?
 Pasteur experimented with bacteria.
 Where do I book a bus tour?
 Pasta is Fernando's province.
 I'll bring one more towel.
 My bath towel was wet, so it was of no use.
 Where is the bus terminal?
 There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
 It is interesting to play basketball.
 Basketball is a lot of fun.
 A basketball team consists of five players.
 In basketball, tall players have an advantage.
 Quite a lot of rotten apples were in the basket.
 When the bus came, she got on.
 There comes the bus.
 The bus left the stop.
 As the bus was late, I took a taxi.
 Since the bus had been delayed, we had a long wait in the rain.
 I hope the bus will come before long.
 There goes our bus. Now we'll have to walk.
 All was quiet except that buses sometimes ran.
 Don't get off the bus till it stops.
 The bus stopped and we got on.
 A bus got in the way.
 A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
 The bus broke down at one end of the bridge.
 Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
 Please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop.
 The bus runs between the school and the station.
 Let's get off the bus.
 The bus leaves the stop pretty soon.
 Since there was no bus, I had to walk.
 The bus arrived empty.
 There was a bus in the way.
 The bus nearly ran over him.
 The bus fell off the cliff, killing all aboard.
 The bus is behind time.
 Does it have a toilet?
 Buses, trains and planes convey passengers.
 Get into your pajamas.
 Brian, in his pajamas, is engaged in reading in the house in the morning.
 I had breakfast in pajamas.
 At first he did not realize that he had won the speech contest.
 At first, I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
 How do you do, Mrs. Jones?
 How do you do, Mrs. Allen? I'm pleased to meet you.
 At first, I didn't like him.
 At first, I took him for your brother.
 I didn't like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
 I prefer the former plan to the latter.
 I was worried about my mistakes at first.
 The king was pleased with him at first.
 Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
 When did you see them first?
 A child who has first learned to talk will badger his parents with "whys" and "whats".
 I got lost when I visited you for the first time.
 You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
 Everything was exciting to me when I visited Spain for the first time.
 Is this the right bus for Pacific Boulevard?
 Stand the ladder against the wall.
 Place the ladder against the wall.
 Take care when you climb up the ladder.
 Measles can be quite dangerous.
 Can I borrow your scissors?
 Get me the scissors, please.
 The bazaar ended a great success.
 Fill the bucket with water.
 There's a hole in the bottom of the bucket.
 Empty the water out of the bucket.
 I'll get a bucket of water.
 Bring me a bucket of water.
 There is little water in the bucket.
 The bucket is full of water.
 Bacteria will not breed in alcohol.
 The new drug will be tested in Vaxgen's laboratory.
 Please put it on the scale.
 Nobody but a fool would believe it.
 It is neither more nor less than absurd.
 Stop your nonsense!
 Don't be a fool.
 Stop making a fool of yourself. Everyone is laughing at you.
 Don't talk nonsense!
 Of all the silly ideas!
 I'm ashamed because I acted foolishly.
 Don't risk your neck over something foolish.
 Don't be absurd.
 Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard.
 Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
 A fly can walk on the ceiling.
 There are some flies on the wall.
 Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
 I caught sight of a fly escaping from the room.
 The fly is on the ceiling.
 Do you like powder-snow skiing?
 He is allergic to house dust.
 Will you have some more pie?
 Yes, I know.
 Yes, it hurts.
 Will you have another slice of pie?
 "Will you have another slice of pie?" "Yes, please."
 Cut the pie into slices.
 Byron left England, never to return.
 Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
 The pilot landed the airplane in the field.
 The pilot flew the airplane.
 The pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed.
 The pilot made a perfect three-point landing.
 The pilot hinted that it might be a UFO.
 The pilot described the scene in detail.
 The pipe shop is across the street.
 The gentleman with his pipe in his mouth is a famous reviewer.
 Holmes is a great pipe man as well as a great detective.
 Gas was escaping from a crack in the pipe.
 Something is stuck in the pipe.
 I can't find my pipe.
 You can hear the water dripping from the pipe.
 She got a run in her stocking when she broke the heel of her shoe.
 Would you like another helping of pie?
 Acid fruits like pineapples and lemons are sour.
 I'm looking for a part-time job.
 Yes, I like it very much.
 Here it is.
 Here's a magazine for you to read in the plane.
 Shut the door behind you.
 Close the door after you.
 Yes, that's the right answer.
 The hijackers moved to the rear of the plane.
 To prevent hijacks, all carry-on baggage is carefully inspected.
 Can you set up the bike?
 It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles.
 I love biking and hard rock concerts.
 I got a motorbike cheap.
 Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
 We had better cancel the hike.
 The hiking was called off because of the rain.
 Bring a lunch for our day of hiking.
 It is said that the Vikings preceded Columbus in discovering America.
 Every time we go hiking, he falls behind.
 Hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods.
 The violinist waits for the signal to play.
 Playing the violin requires much practice.
 Who is the man playing the violin?
 The sound of the violin is very sweet.
 Biotechnology will bring about a revolution in agriculture.
 The accident took place on the highway.
 Yes. He had just come home when I called.
 Yes. I was very surprised at the news.
 Yes. We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
 Yes, and here's a photo of the farm where we milked the cows.
 Yes. He can run meters within twelve seconds.
 Yes, I spoke with the company president.
 No, I'm not sleepy.
 Yes, you must.
 Here we are.
 Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
 Yes, we have been friends since our childhood.
 "Are the taxis being used?" "Yes, they are."
 Yes, I'm afraid so.
 Yes, I can.
 Yes, I am from Sapporo.
 Okay, let's go.
 Yes, she will.
 Yes, I have seen one many times.
 Sure. Right away.
 Yes, Bob helped me.
 Yes, he has already written it.
 Yes, but it'll be difficult.
 Yes, I do. I answered.
 Yes, it has already started.
 Yes, I am. Are you Mr Nakano?
 Yes, I'm coming immediately.
 Yes, I'm coming!
 Here is your appointment card.
 Here are your keys.
 Yeah, I'm going to take tomorrow off.
 Yes, two.
 Here's $10.00.
 Do you agree with Dr. Burns or Ms. Roland?
 This guarantees me par.
 Doctor Burns, what should doctors do when a patient's brain is badly damaged?
 Is the harmonica a present from his father?
 Now I have curly hair, because I had a perm.
 Can I have a single to Birmingham?
 Do you want your permanent natural?
 A permanent is extra.
 I'd like to make an appointment for a permanent.
 Bourbon is made from corn.
 Do you know a good specialty store dealing in herbs?
 What was the score at halftime?
 Just make sure that credit is given: "from The Herbs, by Leon Thomas, published by Herbal Life."
 Barbara's success is beyond question.
 Harvard University was founded in 1636.
 Bert doesn't go to high school, does he?
 The heart-shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple.
 Part-time workers play an important role in the development of the economy.
 It looks like your hard disk is fragmented.
 When the bartender totals the bill for a customer who is drunk and angry, he must be very careful to mind his P's and Q's.
 Would you like to wait in the bar?
 How did the party go?
 We did a lot of singing and dancing at the party.
 Party games bring a party to life.
 When he got to the party, Sam made a bee line for the food.
 I had to call off the party.
 Let's get the party underway.
 Why don't you have a party?
 Did you enjoy yourself at the party?
 The party was a marked success.
 The party opened with his speech.
 The party was such a great success.
 We called the party a great success.
 The party went off beautifully.
 The party is over.
 The party was, on the whole, successful.
 The party ended with a speech by the host.
 The party was a failure.
 The party is to be held next Sunday.
 The party went on for three hours.
 The party ended up with a chorus.
 The party was fun. You should have come, too.
 The party was put off for a week.
 The party was almost over.
 A party is a good place to make friends with other people.
 The party was a lot of fun.
 The party is just beginning.
 I feel in my bones that the party will be a great success.
 The party ended up a great revelry.
 The party broke up late.
 When shall we have the party?
 How did you like the party?
 The party was over at nine.
 The party was held on May 22.
 The party lasted more than three hours.
 Are the party preparations okay?
 Each person's share of the expenses for the party is yen.
 The date of the party is still up in the air.
 At the party, one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests.
 There was a lot of food left over from the party.
 Will you help me prepare for the party?
 My brother saw to all the arrangements for the party.
 I'll see to the arrangements for the party.
 He was still mumbling something about hospitals at the end of the party when he slipped on a piece of ice and broke his left leg.
 I will leave everything about the party up to you.
 Emma was much in evidence during the party.
 Will we be in time for the beginning of the party?
 I've mistakenly deleted the party information and registration you sent to me.
 I'm very happy to hear about the party.
 Are you coming to the party?
 Come to the party, will you?
 Whoever wants to come to my party may come.
 We will welcome whoever wants to come to the party.
 It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
 He took a taxi so as not to be late for the party.
 Have you determined whom you will invite to the party?
 Thank you for inviting me to the party.
 Among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies.
 I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
 He was present at the party.
 I haven't decided yet whether I will attend the party.
 I would love to attend the party.
 I don't know whether to go to the party or not.
 You should polish your shoes before you go to the party.
 I would just as soon stay at home as go to the party.
 Though I have decided to go to the party, I'm not looking forward to it.
 Don't you want to go to the party?
 You invited me to your party, but I can't make it this time.
 Who was invited to the party?
 I would like to come to your party.
 What are you going to wear to the party?
 There were food and drink in abundance at the party.
 Which present shall I take to the party?
 Only six people were present at the party.
 There were more than fifty girls at the party.
 Over people were present at the party.
 I would like to express to you my deepest gratitude for having been a guest at your party.
 Can you come to the party?
 Don't bring any money to the party; just bring yourself.
 Everybody at the party was charmed with her grace.
 We'll run into her at the party.
 I'll see to it that you meet her at the party.
 Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
 I met old friends by the dozens.
 The party puts everyone in high spirits.
 Who will host the party?
 I had a lot of fun at the party.
 At the party there was food in abundance.
 I hope you had a good time at the party.
 What was served at the party?
 Did you meet many interesting people at the party?
 Everyone had a good time at the party.
 All the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party.
 Her behavior at the party was far from perfect.
 I am dissatisfied with his manners at the party.
 Please say hello to Nancy if you see her at the party.
 A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
 Love to party!
 I just can't wait for the party.
 By the time the party is over, dawn will be breaking.
 I'm looking forward to the party.
 I don't see any point in going if the party is almost over.
 Hertz and Avis are head to head competitors in the car rental business.
 Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
 Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
 Is there a Percy in your class?
 I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters.
 Let's take advantage of the bargain sale and save money.
 Could you tell me how to get to Park Street?
 If you see the day through with Mr Bark without losing your temper, I'll believe you.
 Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
 I need it for the parking meter.
 Mr Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
 The child was hiding behind a big tree.
 I can't put up with that noise any longer.
 Take your time, or you may make some mistakes.
 I wish I could live at a more relaxed pace, instead of having to watch the clock all the time.
 She became the first woman to complete a two-way nonstop crossing of the channel in fifteen years.
 The Normans conquered England in 1066.
 Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
 The Normans' conquest of England had a great effect on the English language.
 The situation has come to the point where we either sink or swim.
 The Norwegian diplomat mediated the secret negotiations that produced the historic document.
 In such countries as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in winter.
 That concert wasn't rocking.
 Nora looks up to her mother.
 Turn the knob and open the door.
 Words of abuse poured from his lips.
 Please come thirsty.
 An operation on his throat helped him recover from the pneumonia, but it left him without his voice.
 My throat feels clogged up.
 I'm thirsty. Can I have a glass of water?
 Since I was thirsty, I drank water.
 My throat feels dry.
 My throat burns.
 I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
 I'm wheezing.
 I'm dying of thirst.
 I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
 My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
 Don't commit yourself.
 You're in perky form, aren't you?
 Don't come into my room without knocking.
 He made for the door to answer the knock.
 Don't burst into the room without knocking.
 I'll call you up later.
 I'll call you back later.
 The Nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in Japan.
 Dr. Yukawa, the Nobel prize winner, died in 1981.
 It's my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
 Mr Norton is pleasant to work with.
 Could you let me see your notes?
 Get out your notebooks and pens.
 The notebook came loose.
 Mrs. North is very proud of her children.
 Irene Pepperberg, a researcher at Northwestern University, is discovering that a parrot can not only mimic people but also learn the meaning of words.
 The mucus is thick.
 I had a slight accident while trekking in Nepal.
 What are you hiding? Come on, tell me. You can't keep it from me. That's creepy.
 Hey, come on. Don't make a face.
 The net economy is booming.
 Is it possible to reproduce copies of your report which appeared in the November issue of The Network and distribute them to our agents?
 Ned held the flag erect.
 Ned comes from the state of Utah.
 Have you ever heard of Nessie?
 The mouse ran and the cat ran after him.
 A mouse is a timid creature.
 Rats carry the plague.
 Rats breed rapidly.
 Rats leave a sinking ship.
 The rat made a hole in the wall.
 It was a mouse.
 A rat ran across the road.
 A bat is no more a bird than a rat is.
 A mouse is running about in the room.
 A mouse scurried out of the hole.
 The mice ate some of the bread.
 Rats have gnawed holes in the door.
 A rat chewed a hole in the wall.
 A mouse went for a walk on the table.
 The screw, the lever, the wedge, the pulley, etc. are called simple machines.
 The cat rubs its face against her.
 Cats usually hate dogs.
 The cat didn't move a muscle.
 Cats can see in the dark.
 The cat went through a gap in the fence.
 Clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long.
 Cats catch mice.
 The cat listened to its steps.
 Cats were domesticated by the Egyptians.
 The cat's fur stood on end.
 A cat got out from under the car.
 The cat has just passed by beside me.
 Put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over.
 There is a cat.
 A cat was sitting on the chair.
 Hold still a moment while I fix your tie.
 Could you show me that necktie?
 Do I need a tie?
 Your tie is crooked.
 I left some scallions out on the veranda for too long and they dried out.
 Oh please, believe me.
 I feel it now.
 I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
 Hey, you know what?
 Don't go, dears.
 Honey, will you go shopping for me?
 Will you marry me?
 My, you're looking green around the gills.
 You know, you made me cry.
 Come on, Bill.
 May I bother you for a moment?
 Oh, have a heart.
 Let's dance, my darling.
 Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
 Wet clothes clung to her body.
 My wet clothes clung to my body.
 She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
 The wet vase left a mark on the table.
 Bring me a moist towel.
 Water is dripping from the wet towel.
 Clean the window with a damp cloth.
 His wet coat was evidence that he had been outside.
 Is there anyone there? Where am I?
 My feet started sticking in the muddy street. I nearly fell down.
 The muddy road has ruined my new shoes.
 I lost my balance on the muddy road.
 Eating garlic with moderation reaps the benefits.
 Garlic enhances the flavor of meals.
 Garlic is used to improve the taste of food.
 Garlic gives off a strong odor.
 Carrots and turnips are edible roots.
 Except for carrots, there is nothing he won't eat.
 Chickens were looking for food.
 The chicken laid an egg this morning.
 Hastily acquired knowledge was not enough to solve the problem.
 I was utterly soaked by the downpour.
 They say we're going to get some showers.
 We were caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
 I was caught in a shower.
 I was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin.
 The game was called off because it suddenly started raining.
 The rainshower made the dust settle.
 A gust of wind blew a shower of rain directly into my face.
 Down came a shower of rain.
 Suddenly, the rain fell.
