Let's play tennis this afternoon.
What do you say to playing tennis this afternoon?
How about playing tennis this afternoon?
She'll be up and around this afternoon.
It will be fine this afternoon.
Will you kindly telephone me this afternoon?
Please come here between two and three this afternoon.
I enjoyed the conversation we had this afternoon.
I was asleep from one to four this afternoon.
It was very hot this afternoon.
I do not think it will rain this afternoon.
Are you free this afternoon?
I'm going to prepare for the term examination this afternoon.
I will be busy this afternoon.
I managed to get a hold of him this afternoon.
I am going to see the doctor this afternoon.
I will go to the doctor this afternoon.
It may rain this afternoon.
I don't think it will rain this afternoon.
Can I go swimming this afternoon?
I'll see you again this afternoon.
He requested that I come here again this afternoon.
Bring your essay to me this afternoon.
Look after the children this afternoon.
There are many people to come this afternoon.
The Tanakas are visiting us this afternoon.
She will be coming to see me this afternoon.
My father is free this afternoon.
Many happy returns of the day! Happy birthday!
Do you have any tickets for today's performance?
Today's minimum temperature was °C.
So much for today's work.
We have finished the work for today.
I owe what I am today to my father.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
I owe what I am today to my parents.
Your exam today will be very significant for your future.
Today's game will be a crucial battle; the result will be decisive.
As today's accident is very serious, I take it seriously.
Today's ceremony marks the 100th anniversary of our school.
I read it in today's edition.
What do you think about young people today?
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic.
Some young people today are none the wiser for their university education.
So much for today's lesson.
There were quite a few students absent from class today.
You must take an interest in current events.
You won't find much news in today's newspaper.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
There is nothing interesting in the newspaper today.
Today's paper says that another typhoon is on its way.
Today's paper reports that the premier has given up the idea of visiting America.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
According to today's paper, there was a big earthquake in Chile yesterday.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in this town last night.
Today's paper says that a typhoon is coming.
Today's paper says that a big typhoon is approaching.
Is there any special news in today's paper?
I've not read today's paper yet.
I have already read today's paper.
Where is today's paper?
Have you finished reading today's paper yet?
Show me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper, please.
The present world owes its convenient life to petroleum.
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
The current political situation is not very stable.
Life today is fast-moving and complex.
Nowadays young men are apt to make light of learning.
Tickets for today's game sold like hot cakes.
There's a little black spot on the sun today.
This morning it cleared up.
According to today's morning paper, the condemned criminal committed suicide.
Today's breakfast was dried mackerel and miso soup.
How is the weather today?
Today's weather forecast says that it is likely to be fine tomorrow.
Today's weather forecast proved right.
Today's land problems are the product of years of neglect by successive governments.
Stock prices were mixed on the Tokyo market today.
Have you written in your diary yet today?
Technological progress has made Japan what she is.
Japan today is not what it was even ten years ago.
Japan is today considered to be one of the greatest economic powers of the world.
His behavior is very odd today.
She looks very happy today.
She was cool toward me today.
Today's play really moved me.
Let's continue with the lesson for today.
Are there any letters for me in today's mail?
It will be ready by six this evening.
I've got another commitment this evening.
We can deliver it this evening.
I'm seeing my old friend this evening.
What's the program for today?
That's enough for today.
Let's call it a day today.
Today's the coldest day we've ever had.
It is damp and cold today, isn't it?
Today we'll study Charles Dickens.
I've had it for today. I'm too tired.
It is as warm today as yesterday.
Hello, I am Nancy.
Today I have a lot of things to do.
I have a hangover today.
It appears to me that she feels much better today.
Today is my sister's birthday.
As it happens, I don't have any money with me today.
I would rather not go to school today.
I didn't do much work today.
I feel rather off today.
It is fine today.
It's such a nice day. Why don't you take me for a drive?
You are being naughty today.
It is still colder today.
You look different today.
I missed my bus this morning.
You aren't yourself today.
He is not himself today.
It's awfully hot today.
Thank you very much for your hospitality today.
How much should I pay today?
I can't treat you today, but I'll make up for it next week.
It's better for you not to see my grandpa.
I hope you behaved well at school today.
I'm going to meet a customer in his office today.
I have no money today.
It is pretty cold today.
It is rather warm today.
I feel better today than yesterday.
It's cloudy today.
There are jellyfish out there today, so watch out.
The whole class is present once a week.
I think I will wear this red sweater.
Let's stop here.
I needn't have worn such a heavy coat today.
Today was the worst day in Sarajevo.
You must not take either a shower or a bath.
John is on duty today.
I had quite a busy day today.
I would not go skating today.
I'm feeling much better today.
I feel much better today.
It's a lovely day today.
I have a lot of things to do today.
Let's not discuss the matter today.
I don't care to do it today.
It's very cold today.
It is pretty warm today.
It is very fine today.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
I have many things to do now.
I have a lot of work to get through today.
I don't feel like smoking today.
I'm not certain we can get tickets tonight.
There is not the least wind today.
It is nice and warm today.
I feel a little weak today.
I'm lucky today.
It is not my day.
What seems to be the problem today?
Thank you for today.
It is especially hot today.
Where do you want to go today? An amusement park, or maybe a movie?
Today he is better, if anything.
He is, if anything, better today.
I had a very good time today.
It is very cold today.
It is very cold today, isn't it?
It is a very pleasant day today.
You're certainly looking fit as a fiddle today.
As it is very hot today, I don't feel like studying.
I was tired today.
What shirt will you wear to school today?
What sort of television programs are on today?
I would like to do something else today.
How fine it is today.
How windy it is today!
It's insanely hot today.
Let's take it easy at the beach today.
It is too cold for a picnic today.
What are you doing dressed so well? Do you have a date or something?
It is terrible weather today.
You are being ridiculous today.
Even video-game machines owned by most children today are computers.
There is little wind today.
She is a shade better today.
Today more and more people begin to use computers.
It has not rained this month yet.
I would rather not go out today.
I have a great deal to do today.
I can't stay long today.
Apples were on sale today.
Let's go Dutch today.
He's out for the day.
It was cloudy all day long today.
It will rain on and off today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
It is likely to rain today.
It is supposed to rain today, isn't it?
I think it'll rain today.
Do you suppose it will rain today?
It was raining today. What'll it be like tomorrow?
We expect that it will rain today.
It's rainy today.
It being rainy today, let's cancel our shopping.
The weather is unfavorable for our athletic meet today.
There were no clouds today.
Don't you want to swim today?
We have an English class today.
I don't feel like studying English today.
I feel like doing something different today.
Anything new today?
How hot it is today!
What a lovely day it is today!
I have nothing on for today.
You had better not do anything today.
There is nothing to do today.
I don't feel like eating anything today.
What shall we do today?
What are you going to do today?
What time will you be home this evening?
What's the day today?
Which day of the week is it?
You should stay at home today.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
Instead of cleaning the house today, I think I'll take a walk.
Today, we have to sleep outdoors.
It is bright and clear.
It's fair today, so we can work all day.
What do you think about eating out tonight?
I would rather stay at home than go out today.
There was a marathon at school today and we were very tired.
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
Today is our school field day.
There is no school today.
May I leave school early today?
I really enjoyed myself tonight.
Today, we're going to have a good time!
I was excited to come.
It's cold today.
It's cold today so button your coat.
It's a cold day, isn't it?
It's simply too cold today.
It's supposed to get colder and snow later today.
The cold is terrible this year.
It's warm enough today to bring out a slight sweat.
It is a pleasant day today.
I feel better today, but I am not well enough to work.
It's a pleasant day, isn't it?
I feel terrible today.
I feel well today.
Do you feel any better today?
I feel better today.
There is only a small audience today.
I am off today.
He said that I shouldn't even be coming in today.
I'm in a hurry today.
It is a payday today.
Fish is cheap today.
The fish aren't biting today.
The fish are striking well today.
Today is not your day.
You had better stay away from work today.
It is Monday today.
I had an awful experience today, so I'm going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
Bring an umbrella because it is expected to rain this afternoon.
You'd better not go today.
Did you behave today?
Tomorrow is another day.
Today is the hottest day this year.
I wasn't at my best today.
It isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It is less cold today than it was yesterday.
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
It is not so hot today as yesterday.
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
You had better take an umbrella with you today.
I won't work overtime today.
I found no job today.
I don't feel like working today.
It is too hot a day for work.
You can take today off.
There was no fresh meat in the market today, so you'll have to content yourselves with something out of a tin.
I'll pay the money for your lunch today.
Today is my sixteenth birthday.
Today is our anniversary so let's make this a special dinner.
I've been pressed for time today!
You do look nice today!
It is truly a nice day today.
Today is certainly a pleasant day.
The car is not available today.
I was on the go all day today looking for a loan.
Today we're going to focus on the question of homeless people.
I don't have classes today.
Let's let the workers go home early today.
I have no homework today.
We have a holiday today.
I feel like going out today.
It's hot today.
Today is hot so we can swim in the ocean.
It's hot today, isn't it?
I think it will be hot today.
The heat is terrible today.
It's simply too hot to do anything today.
I feel a little bad today.
It is a little cool today.
Have you practiced any today?
It's rather cold today.
It's rather cold today, but I think it'll be fairly warm tomorrow.
I'm feeling a little blue today.
I am a little out of sorts today.
I'm a bit serious today, but please bear with me.
I have a slight headache today.
I have a slight fever today.
Try not to buy anything on impulse today.
I have a good appetite today.
Today is the best day of my life.
You look very happy today, don't you?
The weather's rather jolly today.
I have math homework today.
The weather does not look like clearing up today.
It is sunny today.
The weather will be fair today.
It's snowy today.
I've got a big wash today.
There is no wind today.
I'm going to clock out early today.
Why don't you go home early today?
It's fairly warm today.
A number of students are absent today.
I'm out of shape today.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the cause of many illnesses.
Who will be the chairperson today?
Is anyone absent today?
I don't want to see anybody today.
It's warm today so you can swim in the sea.
It's warm today, isn't it?
Today above ground tomorrow under.
There is much water in the pond today.
The lengths of day and night are the same today.
I don't have enough time to eat lunch today.
All day, I have been strangely preoccupied with thoughts of my hometown.
I feel chilled to the bone today.
It is very fine today so I would rather go out than stay at home.
I played outside with everybody because weather was good today.
The weather is unusual today.
It's fine today.
I wish it were fine today.
It seems that the store is closed today.
I've had a lot of calls today.
I'm not free today.
It's Saturday today.
My brain doesn't seem to be working well today.
Today the fog is as thick as pea soup.
It is cloudy today.
Does it look cloudy today?
Two students are absent today.
Two boys are absent from school today.
Did you write anything in your diary today?
It being Sunday today, we have no school.
Today is hot enough for us to swim in the sea.
The waves are high today.
Sales are down this month.
I am going to see him today.
Today he was late for his class. But he is, on the whole, a satisfactory student.
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
I'm kind of tired today.
Today is extremely hot.
I am off duty today.
As I am off duty today, let's go to the beach.
Because I am sick today, I want to absent myself from the company.
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
There isn't much wind today.
There's no wind today.
It is windy today.
It is windy today, isn't it?
The wind is cold today.
I have a touch of a cold today.
Let's try another place to eat today.
You don't need to study today.
I don't feel like studying today. Let's go to a soccer game.
I am busy today.
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
I'm busy today, otherwise I would accept.
It's really cold today.
I'm really tired tonight.
I don't feel inclined to play baseball today.
I have the blues today.
It's your birthday, isn't it, Yuri?
I would rather study than play today.
We may have a shower today.
I have a full program today.
I'm expecting a customer today.
I had no visitor today.
It's cool today.
I'm going to be fast asleep tonight because today was a great day.
We are free from a cold wind today.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
Even videogame machines owned by most children today are computers.
I'll give you a ring on today.
The weather has been good until today.
To this day we call them Indians.
Another lonely day.
Looks like another nice day.
I've had it. All I've done today is handle complaints.
It's going to be another hot day.
I'm very sleepy today, too.
I achieved all I hoped to do today.
I'd rather you came tomorrow than today.
There was a smash-up out on Route today.
I must hand in the report today.
Why don't you take the day off?
I think it might rain today, but I could be wrong.
Will it rain today?
There is no chance of rain today.
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
It is essential to have good command of English nowadays.
There was a fire near the house today.
How about meeting today?
Do you want to eat out tonight?
Machines can do a lot of things for people today.
When I got up today, my throat felt a little sore.
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
As of today, we haven't had an answer from him.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
I must have a haircut at the barber's today.
We're playing baseball after work today.
How about having a drink after we finish our work today?
You've made me what I am.
You probably don't understand a word I'm saying today.
Today we can go to distant countries easily by plane.
You can use my car today.
I wonder what I should do today.
I picked up a key I found on the way today.
I go to the hospital today.
Today I went to the dentist's.
Today cars are so popular that we assume everyone has one.
Today young people find themselves, through no fault of their own, living in a world torn by international bitterness and the threat of nuclear destruction.
Today's housewives do nothing but complain of high prices.
Today, automobiles have taken the place of horses as the principal means of transportation.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
I might as well leave today.
Today the new leaf sent out a bud.
Soccer played throughout the world today is closest to the original football.
Today, people all over the world are moving out of small villages in the country to go and live in big, noisy cities.
There is going to be a game between Waseda and Keio today.
Who do you think I ran into today?
The president will hold a press conference later today.
We are liable to get a storm before the day is out.
If only I could be through with my homework today!
Without electricity we can't live a good life today.
Is this today's issue of the Asahi Shimbun?
He asked after my wife when I met him today.
I forgot to call him today.
Today I got my mother out for shopping.
I left behind something today.
That which was satisfied today becomes tomorrow's provisions.
Do you want to go to dinner today?
Shall I cook dinner today?
Today's meeting has been canceled.
The boy next door fell head first from a tree.
I've worn out two pairs of shoes this year.
Which player are you paying the most attention to this year?
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
We haven't had much rain this year.
This year the region has been hit by a severe drought.
It was not until this year that these documents were made available to the public.
This year there were few rainy days in August.
I'm not looking forward to Christmas this year.
Christmas falls on Sunday this year.
Who do you think will win this year's Super Bowl?
Skirts this year reach a few centimeters above the knees.
There's a fine crop of corn this year.
St. Valentine's Day falls on Sunday this year.
This year's fashions are completely different to last year's.
This year's fashions are different from those of last year.
We have closed out this year's model.
We are going to travel in a group this summer.
This is the hottest summer that we have had in thirty years.
We had a very hot summer this year.
We have had little rain this summer.
Don't figure on going abroad this summer.
It was cold in the summer of this year.
It is unbearably hot this summer.
We had few sunny days this summer.
I don't feel like eating at all this summer.
I have to work for my Ph. D. this summer.
It seems to be cold again this summer.
On what day of the week does your birthday fall this year?
My birthday falls on a Sunday this year.
This year's harvest will fall short of last year.
This year's harvest will fall short of that of last year.
A great earthquake hit Mexico this fall.
I'm going to Paris this fall.
We have had few typhoons this autumn.
There will be an economic crisis at the end of this year.
There are many new programs to watch this spring.
I can't stand this hot summer.
Steel production is estimated to reach million tons this year.
This is the coldest winter we have had in twenty years, I hear.
It's very cold this winter.
We have had little snow this winter.
We have a severe winter this year.
The temperature is above average this winter.
We have a mild winter this year.
We had less snow this winter than last.
We'll have little snow this winter.
We expect a very cold winter this year.
This winter is warm.
The growth rate of the Japanese economy will top 0.7% this year.
The farm production of this year is better than we expected.
Sales should double this year.
Culture Day falls on Monday this year.
There's a good chance that this year's rice crop will be up on last year's.
This year's good harvest will make up for last year's bad one.
This year's fashions are quite different from those of last year.
There were not many rainy days in June this year.
This is the year 1990.
Four percent inflation is forecast for this year.
When are you going on holiday this year?
This year New Year's Day falls on Sunday.
This is the coldest winter that we have had in thirty years.
So far it has been an exciting year.
There have been many cases of cholera this year.
Our land gave a high yield this year.
I want to read as many English books as possible this year.
I'm planning to read as many books as I can this year.
We have a good crop of tomatoes this year.
The roses are blooming early this year.
It seems that bikinis are "in" this year.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
We've had a lot of rain this year.
I hear Latin music is taking the music industry by storm this year.
There has been a good apple harvest this year.
The apple trees blossomed early this year.
Long dresses have come in fashion this year.
The rice is coming well this year.
It isn't raining much this year.
We have had plenty of rain this year.
Summer is slow in coming this year.
We have a cold autumn this year.
It is colder this year than last year.
This year we had more snow than last year.
Will we have more snow this year than last year I wonder.
We had more snow this year than last.
I don't think that the Giants will be the champions this year.
I think that the Lions will be the champions this year.
Any turnaround of the economy is not expected this year.
There were fewer accidents this year than last.
This year the cherry blossoms are coming out a little later than usual.
The business has expanded by 50% this year.
This year unemployment will reach record levels.
Spring is late this year.
Spring is slow in coming this year.
Spring has come early this year.
Spring is late coming this year.
The wheat is coming very well this year.
I can't afford a new car this year.
I have been here several times this year.
We have had little snow this year.
We have had plenty of snow this year.
We've had four retirements this year.
This year typhoons comes in succession.
The weather has been unusual this year.
Business failures are down 10% this year.
I resolved to keep a diary this year.
Do you think the rainy season will set in early this year?
The end of the rainy season came late this year.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
This year promises a good harvest of rice.
The rice crop was scanty this year.
We have had a heavy crop this year.
This year promises an abundant harvest.
Our daughter will be in the Shichi-Go-San festival this year.
The trees are budding early this year.
More students than ever before have sat for their bar examinations this year.
The cherry blossoms will come out earlier than usual.
We have less snow than usual.
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
May the new year bring you happiness!
Please treat me this year as well as you did last year.
There are only a few days left before the end of the year.
What do you think is the best film that you have seen this year?
How about staying at my place this evening?
I don't feel like going out tonight.
Let's eat out tonight.
Why don't you have dinner with me tonight?
Can you come for dinner tonight?
The President is to speak on television this evening.
Could you call me tonight, please?
She will be here this evening.
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
I am free till o'clock this evening.
Come round to see me at eight tonight.
I see no harm in your going out alone this evening.
I can't go to the restaurant with you tonight.
What are you doing this evening?
I'm sorry that I can't meet you tonight.
We're having some guests over this evening.
We're having five guests tonight.
Are you free this evening?
I'll call you up this evening.
Please give me a ring this evening.
I have a reservation for three nights from tonight.
A telephone call from him is probable tonight.
How about playing chess tonight?
What's on the air this evening?
I've decided what to cook for dinner.
Today's dinner is fish.
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow's meeting so I had to turn it down.
Are there any seats left for tonight?
I'd like to make a reservation for tonight.
I feel like going to bed early tonight.
We're having a party this evening.
Let's have a party tonight.
Let's give a party this evening.
We're filled for tonight.
I've had a pleasant evening.
We are expecting company this evening.
I don't feel like watching TV tonight.
I don't feel up to eating anything tonight.
I would rather stay at home than go to the movies tonight.
Is there going to be a party tonight?
I haven't eaten dinner yet this evening.
Let's dine at restaurant this evening.
It is not going to rain this evening.
I suppose it's going to rain this evening.
I'll be free this evening.
Let's eat in this evening.
Let's eat out this evening.
I'd rather not go out this evening.
I feel like eating out tonight.
I hope you enjoy yourself this evening.
It is going to be cold tonight.
I have some work to do this evening.
I'll cook for you tonight.
I feel a bit feverish tonight.
Not a single star is to be seen tonight.
We can see many stars tonight.
I had a great night.
I'd like to have meat for supper this evening.
I don't feel like eating supper tonight.
What are you doing tonight?
Thanks for coming over tonight.
The train is very crowded this evening.
Can we find accommodations at a hotel for tonight?
I'm going out with Lisa tonight.
It's going to rain this evening.
How about going to see a movie tonight?
What time shall I call you tonight?
Are you free tonight?
I would rather read a book at home than go out tonight.
I'm seeing her this evening.
Let's get together tonight.
We are giving a small party this evening.
Can you tell me who is coming tonight?
Call me this evening.
We would like to stay here tonight.
Do you have any rooms left for tonight?
Can you fix him up for the night?
I'll call him tonight.
We will have a meeting at his house this evening.
We are giving a farewell party for him tonight.
I'm planning to study tonight.
I have a great deal to do tonight.
If he dies now, the situation will become serious.
Will it do me any good to try to persuade him now?
I got a call from her this morning.
Don't phone her now.
Have you got a cold now?
They are on the air now.
The law now requires women to be employed on equal terms with men.
A storm warning is out now.
What I want now is not money, but time.
I found you.
Can you make it to our usual place at 7:p.m. tonight?
I'll call you up around eight this evening.
We're giving a party tonight.
I was wondering, would you like to go to a movie with me tonight?
Come see me if you are free tonight.
What do you say to eating out tonight?
Please call me up tonight at my office.
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
Is there a room available for tonight?
Shooting stars will be seen tonight.
I'll ring you up at seven this evening.
I regret that I can't see you tonight.
I'll take care of your child tonight.
What are you going to do this evening?
We're not sure we can come tonight.
Be at home this evening.
Can I see you tonight?
Can you put me up tonight?
She'll be pleased to be here tonight.
Tonight will be fine. Let's make it for 6:00.
May I watch TV tonight?
Going somewhere tonight? Look at you - all dressed up like that.
I have no place to sleep tonight.
As of midnight tonight the contract becomes effective.
I will have finished the work by seven this evening.
Please get my account ready by tonight.
The dinner was so delicious.
He played an excellent host at today's party.
Will you go to the party tonight?
Tonight's movie will be "Twins".
Are you going to attend the meeting tonight?
What a fine moon we have tonight!
Who is going to speak tonight?
Let's toast the guest of honor!
I guarantee a huge audience for tonight's premiere.
Rain is forecast for this evening.
I have a reservation for tonight.
I bet it's fine tonight.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.
I'm invited to Claudia's party tonight.
Let's stay here tonight.
I don't feel like studying at all tonight.
Well, it's just about time for me to be on my way. Have a great weekend, everybody.
Where shall we eat tonight?
I'll be glued to the TV tonight watching a really exciting program.
I had a good time this evening.
I'm dying to see you tonight in any event. Please come over by seven.
What sort of trickery do you have in store for me tonight?
What shall we have tonight?
I do not feel like drinking beer tonight.
Why don't we eat at a restaurant tonight?
Let's talk the night away tonight, shall we?
It will rain tonight.
I'm afraid it'll rain tonight.
How about going to the movies tonight?
I feel like taking a hot spring bath tonight.
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
I don't feel like doing anything tonight.
What shall we eat tonight?
Please take me home tonight.
I'm free tonight.
It is all right to eat out tonight?
Let's eat out tonight; I'm too tired to cook.
Let's dine out tonight. I'm too tired to cook.
He said to me, 'Let's eat out tonight.'
I'm dining out this evening.
I don't feel like eating out this evening.
I'm eating out this evening.
I feel first-class tonight.
How about eating out this evening for a change?
Is it possible to see Venus tonight?
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
I have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight.
It's raining hard tonight.
The moon is very beautiful this evening.
The moon is low in the sky tonight.
The moon is shining brightly tonight.
Dinner is on me tonight.
I should like you to be my guest tonight.
We have plenty of time tonight.
I didn't feel like going out this evening.
It's likely to snow this evening.
Will it snow tonight?
There is a possibility that it will snow tonight.
All is calm tonight.
Let's make a night of it.
I'll burn the midnight oil tonight.
It might not freeze tonight.
You can stay with us for the night.
He is on night duty tonight.
Are you off duty tonight?
I think it'll freeze tonight.
I don't have to study tonight. I think I'll watch television for a while.
Let's forget to study and enjoy ourselves tonight.
I guess you will be very busy tonight.
A full moon can be seen tonight.
Tonight I've got to do get ready for tomorrow.
I have to burn the midnight oil tonight.
It will cool down tonight.
You can stay till tonight.
It may rain tonight.
How about going to the movie tonight?
May I go to the movies tonight?
We are having some people tonight.
Can you meet tonight?
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening.
What do you say to dining out tonight?
How about eating out this evening?
How about dining out tonight?
I'll be back late tonight.
Oh, you're going home tonight!
Are you going to the theater tonight?
Come and see me tonight.
Will you please call me this evening?
I'll ring you up tonight.
I'll give him a call tonight.
I'm seeing them tonight.
Would you like to come and see us this evening?
Come over tonight. I will show you how.
He shall let him sing it again this evening.
We are to meet at five this evening.
Mike is coming to dinner this evening.
I am cooking now.
Confine your remarks to the matter we are discussing.
In case of trouble, please call me.
I sometimes apprehend that there will be some difficulty.
The trouble is that I am short of money these days.
The problem is that our car will not be available on that day.
The trouble is that your plan would be too expensive to carry out.
The trouble is that I am not equal to the work.
The trouble is that we are short of money.
The trouble is, she's almost lost her voice.
The trouble is that they only think of themselves.
The trouble is that she lacks experience.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
Now, there is a problem.
Should you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
I anticipate that there will be trouble.
The trouble with us is that we have no funds.
The trouble is that I don't have much money now.
The trouble is that he thinks only of himself.
The trouble with him is that he is lazy.
The trouble is that glasses always get lost.
The trouble is that we have nowhere to stay tonight.
The trouble is that we do not have enough money.
The trouble is that my watch gains three minutes a day.
The trouble is that my son does not want to go to school.
The trouble is that I have no money on me now.
The trouble is that there is little water left.
The problem is that my son doesn't want to go to school.
The trouble is he has no money.
The trouble is that I have no money with me.
The trouble is that they have no money.
The trouble is that they have no time.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
You can count on me for five thousand yen or so when you're in difficulties.
I know that he keeps his promise.
If you get into difficulties, don't hesitate to ask for advice.
Turn to me for help if you are in difficulty.
Come to me if you are in difficulties.
The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.
The trouble is that we have no money.
The trouble is that I am short of money.
Please stand by me when I need you.
When you are in trouble, you can count on me.
When we are in trouble we can take heart from the fact that things often seem worse than they are.
Drop me a line when you are in trouble.
My uncle gave me some good advice when I was in trouble.
Friends help each other. Just let me know what's wrong.
For the sake of children in need, we cooperated to collect donations.
It's important to help people who are in trouble.
Don't laugh at a person in trouble.
I can't forsake a friend in trouble.
We were at a loss what to do.
No, you mustn't because I am not on good terms with her now.
It seems that there was no way out of difficulty.
Never halloo till you are out of the woods.
Whether it may be hard or not, I must do it.
I am in the soup.
When he got into trouble, he turned to his parents for help.
He breasted it out against difficulties.
You should try to make your way despite all the difficulties.
I owe it to Mr Smith that I was able to overcome my difficulties.
I owe it to my mother that I was able to overcome my difficulties.
The resentment runs deep.
Strength always prevails in the insect Kingdom.
Some insects can take on the color of their surroundings.
An insect is a small animal and it has six legs.
We went into the woods in search of insects.
There are plants that repel insects.
A radical disarmament treaty prohibits all armaments and armed forces.
We had to push our way through the crowd.
I heard someone call my name in the crowded bus.
Someone stepped on my toe in the crowded bus.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
Look out for pickpockets on crowded trains.
The busy road is a danger to small children.
I lost my way in the crowded street.
In a crowded train, I make it a rule to give my seat to old people.
The lines are crossed.
To avoid confusion, the teams wore different colors.
I am wholly responsible for the confusion.
The confusion is all over.
Shoemakers' children go barefoot.
A house without love is no more a home than a body without a soul is a man.
A home without love is not a home any more than a body without a soul is a man.
I'm feeling the breath of life.
The soul animates the body.
Plato held that the soul is immortal.
She's always worrying about trifles.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Are you going out with Sachiko?
Sachiko is more popular than Judy.
Sachiko is most popular in our class.
Mr Sato called at eleven.
A Mr Sato is waiting to see you.
A Mr Sato called in your absence.
May I speak to Mr. Sato?
Mr Sato is on another line. Will you hold the line a minute?
Mr Sato speaks English well.
Miss Sato is a new secretary of the president.
Mrs. Sato pushed her son to study hard.
It is surprising that Mr Sato should fail.
Mr. Sato asked me many questions about the election.
Mr Sato ran a supermarket in his hometown before he came to Tokyo.
Let me introduce Mr Sato to you.
Miss Sato is in charge of my class.
Mr Sano speaks French with great fluency.
Kiss the fifth man from the left.
Turning to the left, you will find the gas station.
Turning to the left, you will find the restaurant on your right.
If you turn to the left, you will find the church on your right.
Turning to the left, you will find the post office.
Take the road on the left.
Turn hard left.
I don't know whether to turn left or right.
Turn to the left.
Turning to the left, you will find a coffee shop.
If you turn to the left, you'll see a white building.
Turning left you will find the bus stop.
Lie down on your left side.
The joint of my left shoulder aches.
I have a discharge from my left ear.
I have a foreign object in my left ear.
I have some numbness in my left hand.
I tried to write with my left hand.
Show me what you have in your left hand.
The figure on the left spoils the unity of the painting.
Raise your left hand.
My lower left back tooth hurts.
You will find the post office on your left.
Keep to the left.
Keep to the left, please.
My left foot is asleep.
He had a little operation on his left leg.
I have a prickling sensation in my left eye.
I got my left arm bruised.
For the time being I want to work at that bookstore.
At the risk of sounding too forward, I'd like to make a comment.
There is no need to worry about shortages for the moment.
That will be enough for now.
I can't see you due to the press of business.
Is there a difference?
The separation of gold from sand is problematic.
I'll show you how to separate gold from sand.
It's dry as dust.
We have no sugar.
I need some sugar. Do you have any?
Add a little sugar and cream.
Would you like sugar and milk?
Don't confuse sugar with salt.
We have to do without sugar; we're short of it.
We have to do without sugar.
I got my mother's goat when I gave her the salt instead of the sugar.
Sugar will dissolve in a glass of water quickly.
How much sugar do you use?
There is some sugar in the bag.
Is there any sugar in the pot?
We sell sugar by the pound.
Is there any sugar?
Important as sugar is as article of food, we cannot live on it.
Sugar dissolves in water.
All sugar is sweet.
There is little sugar left in the pot.
Sugar melts in hot water.
Would you like some sugar?
Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
Dissolve sugar in hot water.
Add a bit of sugar, please.
In the desert, camels are more important than cars for transportation.
She is brave to live alone in the desert.
Canals have been built to irrigate the desert.
Desert sand cools off rapidly at night.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
Desert ecology is a new field of study.
The desert sun grilled him.
It is a lot of fun picking various shells on the sands.
We need to bind gravel with cement.
White collar crime has made American people trust the government less.
The imposter was caught.
A confidence man can talk his way into a girl's trust with ease.
A confidence man polishes his "hood winking" or "eye-washing" techniques before bilking a new victim.
The strength of the chain is in the weakest link.
Keep the ball rolling.
You'd better sit down, I suppose.
Let's sit down and catch our breath.
My legs ache from sitting.
Why don't you sit down and relax?
Sit down and rest for a while.
I thought I might not be supposed to sit down.
I found the chair was comfortable when I sat on it.
May I sit down?
A quiet place to sit and rest would be nice.
There was no choice but to sit and wait.
Sitting over my book, I fell asleep.
Sit down, Kate.
Take the weight off your feet.
Won't you take a chair?
This is a comfortable chair.
There's no chair to sit upon.
I can't fix the seat.
Two seats remained vacant.
May I put my seat back?
All seats are reserved.
Please fasten your seat belts, and kindly refrain from smoking.
Let's go back to our places.
Would you make room for me?
Please save my place.
It was good of you to give up your seat.
I booked a seat.
I feel secure when I invest in stocks but not bonds.
The proceeds from the bond issue will be used to finance the budget deficit.
Bonds together with some money was stolen.
The debt-servicing cost on bonds will take up major portion of the budget.
The yield on the bond is 6%.
I'm afraid this sounds like a demand, but could you return the money I lent you the other day?
Throw a tear-gas bomb at him.
Once again, Mrs. Lee speaks fondly of the past, and it is impossible to stop her.
Again the younger brother became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of the elder brother.
I agree with them that we should try again.
She was never to see her home again.
It is rather cold again today, but tomorrow we expect the temperature to rise.
It brought me down to earth.
May there never be another world war!
There is little chance of my meeting him again.
Marco might well burst into tears to meet his mother again.
Drifting off to sleep again, the same dream returned, three times in all.
He went back to the drug store, located the machine, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
Benefits accrue to the community from reconstruction.
There is no room for reconsideration.
Time after time I've invited them to come over and visit us but time and time again they've never come.
Is a recurrence likely?
There's a slight possibility of a recurrence.
The month after next is December.
How about two weeks from Thursday?
Men and women between the ages of and have the most stressful lives.
Even the finest fete becomes mere hogs swill.
The best thing is to tell the truth.
Whom we love best to them we can say least.
We have made an effort to quote our most competitive price.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
Even the strongest man can't stop a typhoon.
Even the mightiest of empires comes to an end.
Some of the oldest Chinese chopsticks date from B.C.
What's your strongest type of sunscreen?
What's your strongest type of headache pill?
The most effective defense is offense.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
In its broadest sense communication includes all forms of transmitting thoughts or feelings between people.
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Even the most self-centered people are usually forgetful of this fault.
And, most important of all, the stone does not tell us what kind of happiness we should find in that house.
The most important thing is a pleasant living environment.
They that govern the most make the least noise.
Please note that we have quoted the lowest possible price.
One of the most beautiful animals is a cat.
The busiest people have the most leisure.
The wildest colt makes the best horse.
Even the cleverest students can make silly mistakes.
Would you kindly quote your best price?
The best way is to do one thing at a time.
The best of friends must part.
At worst, I will get an average mark.
It is necessary that we should prepare for the worst.
The worst situation resulted.
You must prepare for the worst.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
The worst is still to come.
The worst is over.
She can get the second prize at worst.
Are you prepared for the worst?
The worst friend and enemy is but Death.
Can you tell me the way to the nearest post office?
I live miles away from the nearest station.
Where is the nearest station?
Could you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Can you tell me how to get to the nearest station?
Where is the nearest police station?
Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Where's the nearest subway station?
Where is the nearest telephone?
Lately, we see crows everywhere.
Lately it seems that no matter how much I sleep, I stay tired. I wonder if I've come down with something strange.
I'm getting a spare tire around my waist. I guess it's middle age creeping up on me.
Recently the demand for this product has increased faster than the supply.
I am into golf lately.
Why haven't you been showing up to work lately?
Have you been in contact with Mr White recently?
I saw Rosalie O'Connor recently.
Few students use pencils these days.
Have you read any interesting books lately?
Recently we have brought our office equipment up to date.
Have you been in contact with one of your old school friends recently?
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
The turnover at my company is really speeding up lately.
Lately I see a lot of parents getting divorced. I wonder if the idea of kids being a bond between their parents is just a thing of the past.
The birth rate has been decreasing recently.
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
I am putting on weight these days.
I've lost weight recently.
Recently, the dignity and importance of the Japanese father has diminished.
These days few people suffer from tuberculosis.
I haven't seen anything of him lately.
We haven't heard of him lately.
Recently I get annoyed at the slightest thing he says.
Recently he bothers me.
Lately, he reproaches me.
Prices dropped recently.
Could I be going soft in the head? I forget things so easily these days.
Recently I moved to another apartment.
These days many old people live by themselves.
We don't meet very often recently.
The new camera our company has been marketing lately has a design different from any we've marketed before.
I have not seen anything of Elizabeth lately.
Have you heard from your sister lately?
I'm tied up with this job recently.
I just bought a new desk for my computer.
Recently I started the diet.
More and more Japanese are traveling abroad these days.
These days, when people emigrate, it is not so much in search of sunshine, or food, or even servants.
Many old people these days can't keep up with the times.
Recently John feels better on and off.
There is little harmony in international affairs nowadays.
Nowadays it is not unusual for a woman to travel alone.
Many old people these days cannot keep up with the times.
I haven't seen Tom lately.
It is only recently that people have begun to realize the importance of nature conservation.
It was not until recently that she changed her mind.
How is livelihood in America these day?
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
I'd appreciate it if you sent me your latest catalog.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
I'm really not up on recent TV shows.
What is the latest news?
Due to the recent hurricane, a lot of people lost their homes.
Pro baseball is interesting these days.
Recent overseas transfers show that productivity improvements in Japanese manufacturing industry have almost reached their limit.
These days when I hear about these horrible incidents on the news I get the feeling that more and more young people are losing their ability to distinguish between real and virtual worlds.
These bank employees seem so politely insolent lately. I wonder what's behind it.
Recent investigations have demonstrated that the application of Emmet's theory is not always without defects.
According to a recent study, the average life span of the Japanese is still increasing.
The president made special remarks with reference accident in the nuclear reactor.
Some of these young people have legs twice as long as mine.
I can't keep up with the fashions of young girls these days.
These days more young husbands help their wives with housework.
Lately high school girls are using their cell phones to exchange e-mail.
Modern ships only need a small crew.
A recent survey reveals that the population density in the metropolis is decreasing.
A recent survey revealed that the population density in the metropolis was decreasing.
What do you think are the best sellers of the latest Japanese records?
The modern Japanese politics is bad.
Modern cats don't eat rats.
Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes.
More and more people these days are getting overwhelmed by housing loans.
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.
These days the number of women who don't want to change their family names even after they get married is increasing.
Lately the discount airline ticket system has gotten so complicated that there's a lot about it I can't figure out.
These days more and more young people talk to their elders on even terms.
A dollar does not go very far these days.
I see little of my father these days.
I started using PCs recently.
A lot of construction is going on these days.
What are you into these days?
Everybody is happy nowadays.
Nowadays, a safety zone is not always safe.
We often have unusual weather these days.
Nothing I do lately seems to turn out right. I'm losing confidence in myself.
Recently even students have come to visit foreign countries quite often.
Now we are having one cold day after another.
I have hardly had a minute lately to think about personal e-mails.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
There's a trend these days towards small families.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
I've got little time for reading these days.
Recently, the number of foreigners working or studying in Japan has increased.
I have heard nothing from him of late.
We haven't heard from her of late.
Life is getting hard these days.
Until recently, the main function of women was to marry and give birth to children.
Until recently we took oil for granted.
Something's wrong with my e-mail.
I've seen much of him recently.
We go there often.
Rapid and remarkable advances have been made in medicine.
The room I've moved into recently gets plenty of sunshine.
Have you seen any movies lately?
Lately you see more young couples making out at the train station ticket gates acting as though nobody in the world existed.
Two books stand out among the dozens recently published on the Royal Family.
Have you read anything interesting lately?
Society has seen a lot of change recently.
Now the company can justify such expenditure.
The number of students going overseas has been increasing lately.
I've taken up painting recently.
Recently, more and more countries have prohibited smoking.
Recently communism has extended its power.
I want to hear all your news.
You hear about a lot of incidents these days that would be hard to dream up. It really backs up the old saying that fact is stranger than fiction.
I've been sluggish recently.
I can not get enough sleep any more.
I haven't seen much of him recently.
I have seen nothing of him recently.
These days I'm very busy.
My vision is getting worse these days.
I was recently in an automobile accident.
Recently the number of cars has greatly increased.
I feel like I'm just getting comfortable with my homemaking chores.
Of all the books published recently, only a few are worth reading.
Recently I have had no appetite.
There seems to be no end to the number of young people committing suicide these days.
Recently, many traffic accidents have occurred on that road.
A number of traffic accidents have happened recently.
Many women work outside their homes these days.
Recently numerous groups have offered counsel.
Recently the condition of the body is not so good.
Recently, many public bath-houses have gone out of business.
It scares me that we have frequently had earthquakes lately.
You've been late for school more often than before.
Recently the number of worms increased.
The condition seems to be bad recently.
I'm not in good shape now.
How's everything these days, Frank?
A unique fossil of a tropical plant was found recently.
He writes to me less and less often these days.
Have you heard from him recently?
I haven't heard from him of late. I hope he is not sick.
He died lately.
I have not seen much of him recently.
Have you been seeing a lot of him recently?
Have you been in contact with him recently?
I saw him recently.
I have not seen him lately.
I have heard nothing of him lately.
I have recently become accustomed to his way of speaking.
Recently he has come to realize the significance of married life.
Recently he launched a new business.
They are studying these days.
Have you heard from her recently?
When I saw her recently, she looked very happy.
I have not seen her lately.
I have seen nothing of her lately.
We haven't seen her of late.
A strange marine creature was found recently.
I'm getting forgetful these days, but what can you do?
Are you overworking yourself lately?
I haven't seen anything of Mr Kimura lately.
Who was the last to reach the goal?
Who was the last person to log on to the computer?
It'll come right in the end.
I finally came up with a great idea.
Justice will prevail in the end.
When did you have your last physical examination?
The last to leave was a tall man, with a pale face and smooth, black hair.
It is justice, and not might, that wins in the end.
You won't be let down if you read the entire book.
When did you see him last?
I've finished all except the last page.
We'll sing that song, omitting the last two verses.
He was in despair when he spent the last of his money.
It's time to move in for the kill.
The last straw breaks the camel's back.
You kept putting off working on the fine details on this project so it ended up lacking the finishing touches.
He cried off at the last moment.
Never give up till the very end.
The final exams will probably carry over into next month.
He supposed he could always quit the job in the last resort.
A good idea came across his mind at the last moment.
The last wound proved fatal.
My last period was two months ago.
Will you explain the last part in detail?
When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
You will succeed in the end.
You don't have to stay to the end.
You must carry the task through to the end.
We were arguing on different planes to the last.
Let me finish.
Let's fight to the last.
I intend on fighting till the end.
Stick it out.
He did his best to the last.
What a scream!
The best of luck to you.
I feel on top of the world.
Even the richest man cannot buy everything.
It's in peak condition.
Deal in top of the line of goods.
Excellent reviews.
The Supreme Court attacks school segregation.
The Supreme Court overturned a previous decision.
The Supreme Court is located near the Imperial Palace.
You may spend a maximum of dollars.
The best is best cheap.
The final score was two to nothing.
We were just in time for the last train.
The last bus having left, I had to take a taxi.
The last bus having gone, we had to walk home.
There were very few passengers on the last bus.
I hurried to the bus stop so that I would not miss the last bus.
The final plan differs greatly from the original one.
A pinch hitter was brought into action in the last inning.
The deadline is drawing near.
The final decision rests with the students themselves.
The final decision rests with the president.
At his final exam, Bob was really put through the wringer; the test covered everything that was in the course.
As to your final grade, that depends on your final examination.
The final proposal will be announced sometime next week.
The new final deadline is at o'clock on June 10th.
I missed the last train, so I had to walk all the way home.
I was impatient with fear of missing last train.
When does the last train start?
The final vote was decisive.
The last train has already gone.
At first I thought I liked the plan, but on second thought I decided to oppose it.
At first the trainees were awkward in his company.
At first, I failed the test.
At first, I could not swim by myself.
I had stage fright at first, but I got over it quickly.
At first he was all at sea in his new job.
People were against Mother Teresa at first, but she never gave up.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
We didn't hit it off too well at the beginning, but as we got to talking, we found we got along quite well.
We should have been fully aware of this risk all along.
Try it again from the first.
I mean, I was spellbound the whole time.
Let's begin at the beginning.
As a beginning I would like to examine the catalyzer used in this experiment.
First, we will talk to Doctor Benjamin Burns.
At first, the trainees were awkward in his company.
First, he finished his thesis.
The first thing he did was to untie his shoelaces and take his shoes off.
The first question we must raise is whether a cultural barrier existed between those groups.
Mr Gray was the first man that arrived.
First come, first served.
Whoever comes first will get the best seats.
It was I that came here first.
We began with the soup.
The first thing to do was call for the doctor.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
First, put the right hand out.
Please tell me what I should do first.
The first point to be discussed is whether segregation existed in this district.
The student who finishes the examination first does not always get the best grade.
Cursed be he that first invented war.
The first thing that caught his eye was a fingerprint on the glass.
It was Jane who came first.
At first he had difficulty telling one student from another.
I didn't like her at first, but now I do.
The first group studies in the morning, and the second group studies in the afternoon.
At first, the boy didn't pay much attention to my advice.
At first, I had difficulty understanding people when they spoke too fast.
I remember the first time.
In the opening paragraphs I query the validity of so-called supply-side economic strategies.
The first step is always the hardest.
The first printing machine was invented by Gutenberg.
Take the first turn to right and then go straight on.
Turn at the first corner to the right.
Please turn left at the first corner.
The first item is a motion proposed by the Education Committee.
This road should have already been completed according to the original plan.
The revenues for the first month of exceed yen.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
The first attack missed the target.
After the first letter the other came easily.
How does the first article run?
Turn left at the first light.
Do I turn left at the first stoplight?
When they had their first baby, they had been married for years.
The first batter was caught out.
Take the first street to the right.
The first electric calculator came into existence toward the end of the 19th century.
At first many things seemed different, but I soon got involved in my new life.
At first I didn't like ballet, but I've come to like it by degrees.
At first everybody was convinced of his innocence.
What seems easy at first often turns out to be difficult.
At first, I didn't know what to do.
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.
At first, I couldn't understand what he said.
At first they drove through streets of small, gray houses.
At first I tried to write everything down in my notebook.
No one believed me at first.
He looked unfriendly at first.
I didn't recognize him at first.
At first I didn't like him, but I do now.
I didn't believe him at first.
At first, I couldn't make out what he was saying.
He was shy at first.
He didn't like her at first.
At first, Meg was homesick.
At first, I couldn't play the guitar.
At first I was not sure which one I wanted, but afterwards I decided on this red one.
I didn't know what to do first.
At first, I thought he was a teacher, but he wasn't.
I overlooked the mistakes in your paper the first time I read it.
Some plants grow well with a minimum of care.
The best is behind.
The finest wines are those from France.
There is a restaurant on the top floor.
Senior students have access to the library at weekends.
Please send me your latest catalogue.
It seems I have misplaced your last mail.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
The girl drawing a picture in the first row is my niece.
Can I have a seat in the stalls?
Take such steps as you think best.
It is good to do your best.
I will do my best.
If you do your best, no one will blame you.
Let's hope for the best.
Had I done my best, I might have succeeded.
Do your best, and you will succeed.
Do your best!
I'll do my best, but I'll not be able to finish it before Thursday at best.
If you do your best, you will succeed.
Maximum length: words.
The largest English dictionary has over 450,words.
The greatest happiness lies in freedom.
Drive with the utmost care.
Mark your maximum efforts.
We are making all efforts possible to deal with the nuclear crisis.
Give it your all, and you won't be sorry later.
I am working with full steam.
Please come to the counter at least an hour before your flight.
Please estimate your best price and the earliest delivery date.
The minimum wage has hardly budged as of late.
Great care has been taken to use only the finest ingredients.
I am inconvenienced when my wife is away.
If it had not been for his wife, he would not have changed his job.
His wife being out, he cooked dinner for himself.
My wife keeps the household accounts.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
I worked in my study after my wife had gone to bed.
It is their husbands' faults if wives do fall.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and cannot be disturbed.
The bus had left by the time my wife finished dressing.
I decided to wait at the station until my wife came.
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife.
My wife and children depend on me.
I constantly quarrel with my wife.
My wife and I like to go out for Chinese food once in a while.
My wife has faults. None the less, I love her.
My wife's constant nagging is getting me down.
I'm looking for a bag for my wife.
He took to drinking after his wife left him.
My wife's constant nagging really gets on my nerves.
A wife's activities are confined to domestic matters.
Without his wife's money, he would never be a director.
The untimely death of my wife has brought down the curtain on over years of happily married life.
He did not even raise an eyebrow at the news of his wife's death.
My wife has had it in for me since I forgot her birthday.
My wife had a hard time getting into the swing of our new life in America.
My wife is always complaining about something.
My wife has just cleared the table.
My wife works part time.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night, and neither do I.
My wife spends money as if I were the richest man in town.
My wife is a good manager.
My wife remembered having been in the town before.
My wife used to stay home, but she works now.
My wife is possessed with the desire to buy a house.
My wife likes to eat out and so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife died of cancer.
My wife is subject to moods.
My wife looked surprised.
After getting married, my wife put on five pounds.
My wife is suffering from pneumonia.
My wife gets on well with my mother.
My wife talked me into buying a new car.
My wife tried to persuade me into buying a new car.
My wife goes to the village market to buy foods every day.
My wife deliberated whether we would buy a new house or not.
My wife is ignorant of the world.
My wife shuddered at the sight of a one-eyed cat.
My wife went on a two-day trip.
His wife ran a hot bath for him.
A wife can have property independent of her husband.
Wives usually outlive husbands.
My wife gave me a sign from across the room.
My wife is liable to catch a cold.
My wife is getting tired of the daily routine.
My wife wanted to adopt a child.
My wife suggested to me that I take her on the trip.
I'm looking for a gift for my wife.
Hoping to cheer up his wife, Tom bought her a beautiful pearl necklace.
I talked my wife out of buying a new car.
I hurried to the station as I had kept my wife waiting.
Wife and children are hostages given to fortune.
Hatoyama says that he supports his family by gambling on horse racing.
She is as wise as fair.
You can't keep a good man down.
You shouldn't give up just because you have no talent.
One's talent is in need of discipline.
She just hides her light under a bushel.
Want of wit is worse than want of gear.
There was no one in the mine when it blew up.
Did you mark the papers?
If we decide to hire you, you will hear from us.
In order to get the soil ready for planting you must plow it.
The year stole by.
Age, like distance, lends a double charm.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Excuse me. Can I get by here?
Don't worry about what you've done.
Bring it back when you are through.
You can critique it all you want and it won't change a thing. It's over.
Turn your misfortune to account.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
Good comes out of evil.
A string of disasters struck the region.
The fort was attacked by surprise.
The festival came to an end.
When a holiday falls on Sunday, we have an extra holiday on Monday.
Do you remember Mr Saito?
Let's not quibble over trivial matters.
Don't split hairs.
He who minds his Ps and Qs will not forget to dot the "i's" and cross his "t's", when writing.
Let's arrange the details later.
A fine rain was falling.
You may leave out the details.
Particles of dust float in the atmosphere.
Love me lithe, love me long.
Germs can cause sickness.
Germs can only be seen with the aid of a microscope.
Germs are too tiny for our eyes to see.
Muriel is living poorly off of her part-time job.
They made a whip out of cords.
Remember to cross your t's.
Do you have a special menu for vegetarians?
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
Let's take it to court.
The trial lasted for ten consecutive days.
The lawsuit is likely to end in our defeat.
Judgment requires impartiality.
The court session lasted for three hours.
Suspending the trial is out of the question.
The judge pronounced him "guilty", and now he must face the music of a sentence in prison.
Discretion is proper to judges.
Mr. Yappari appealed to the judge for mercy.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was innocent.
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was his first offense.
The judge concluded that the prisoner was guilty.
The judge pardoned the prisoner a year of his sentence.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused's actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
The judge laughed in spite of himself.
The judge decided against the plaintiff.
The judge sentenced him to a jail term of five years.
The judge condemned him to death.
Will the judge fine him heavily?
The judge sentenced him to a fine.
The judge disposed of the case in short order.
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
The courts administer the law.
The attitude of the court toward young criminals is different from its attitude toward adult criminals.
The court called on the lawyer to give evidence.
The court decreed that the charge be paid.
The court adjudged him not guilty.
The court decreed that she should pay the fine.
The judge called for a recess of two hours.
The presiding judge sentenced the defendant to death.
The presiding judge was touched by pity for the accused.
I had a close shave.
That was a close shave.
I'm afraid we are out of stock.
The supplies are beginning to give out.
What's the material?
The punishment should be in proportion to the crime.
The guilt manifests itself on his face.
The wages of sin is death.
If you commit a crime, you must be punished.
The criminal was sent to the gallows.
The criminal pleaded with him to change his mind.
What we have is one thing and what we are is quite another.
The fortune was divided among the three brothers.
The property was divided equally among the heirs.
The property passed from father to son.
Don't make such a parade of your wealth.
He exploited his position to build up his fortune.
I succeed to a fortune.
The division of the property was a bone of contention between the brothers.
He that marries for wealth sells his liberty.
Financial experts don't know what to make of this trend.
Financial reforms may ameliorate the current economic difficulties.
Some developing countries are faced with financial crises.
The financial situation is getting worse week by week.
Reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government.
A common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds.
Financial support is given to them.
Gold prices are skyrocketing in the wake of financial instability.
A heavy purse makes a light heart.
My wallet and passport are missing.
I put my money in a purse.
There was no money left in my wallet.
I have no more money in my wallet.
Empty the purse into this bag.
We have to be careful with expenses.
I examined the purse again, and found it empty.
I'm looking for a wallet.
Put away your wallet.
I lost my wallet somewhere around here.
All that day my father was out of humor because he had lost his wallet.
Don't put the wallet on the top of the heater.
Who holds the purse, rules the house.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
He said that he had left his purse at home and asked me if I could lend him 1,yen.
When I felt for my pocketbook I found it was gone.
Will you help me look for my purse?
Don't lose your purse.
With respect to financial matters, Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
Kounosuke Sakazaki belongs to "THE ALFEE".
Keep up the good work, Mr. Sakamoto.
Hanshin's moment of glory didn't last. They fell out of first place in a hurry.
In the Hanshin earthquake, the ground shook for a long time.
A Mr Sakaki has come to see you.
There is a river between Saitama and Chiba.
Was it difficult to make?
Much as I admire him as a writer, I don't like him as a man.
As a writer, she does not fit into any of the traditional categories.
Writers often refer to a dictionary.
Writers draw on their imagination.
Every writer writes in the way that accords with his own idiosyncrasies.
The writer does not always present life as it is.
Workers must have their hair cut short.
We saw laborers blasting rocks.
The workers are wiring the new house.
You must be creative in composing a piece of music.
Which of the composers do you like best?
Composers create music.
You have to read between the lines to know the true intention of the author.
The author expresses his passion for his love.
High operating temperatures shorten lubricant life.
I read in the newspaper recently that the crops really need rain.
It was believed that the success of their crops depended on the way the players threw or kicked the ball during the game.
The crop was blasted by the severe winter.
The crops have withered.
Have you finished writing your composition?
What is important in writing a composition is to make your ideas clear.
Personal liberty is diminishing nowadays.
Nowadays prices of commodities are very high.
Last year, we had frequent disasters.
We had a spell of fine weather last autumn.
I just got back from the States yesterday, so I'm still thinking in English.
I built an amplifier yesterday.
A ship sank near here yesterday.
The Giants got clobbered yesterday.
The bat was stolen yesterday, along with the balls.
I saw Shinichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
Yesterday I was on my way home from work when I ran smack into my old girlfriend.
I had a sharp pain in my chest yesterday.
Did you work yesterday?
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
Yesterday I ran across her at the station.
As I returned from school yesterday, I was caught in a sudden shower.
I met a famous scholar at the airport yesterday.
Yesterday I went to the store to get my watch checked.
I called at my uncle's house yesterday.
Yesterday, as I was walking along the street, I saw an accident.
Yesterday my bicycle was stolen while I was doing some shopping.
When I saw my uncle yesterday, he told me that he had returned from London three days before.
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
Someone called on her yesterday.
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
I had some trouble finding her house yesterday.
She slept more than ten hours yesterday.
She came across Jack yesterday.
She was sick in bed yesterday.
I went to a sale with my mother yesterday and kept hounding her to buy me a dress.
I took a paid day off yesterday.
Yesterday a car fell over the cliff.
The second term came to an end yesterday.
I remember posting your letter yesterday.
You played tennis yesterday.
I had intended to visit you yesterday.
The company's stock price jumped yesterday.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
I met a student from America yesterday.
I met her by chance at a restaurant yesterday.
Yesterday I hit on a good idea.
How many eggs could you get yesterday?
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
I had some engine trouble yesterday.
I am sorry to learn you called at my home yesterday while I was out.
Didn't I lend you some money yesterday?
It happened that I was out when you called yesterday.
It has been raining since yesterday.
It has been cold since yesterday.
It has rained since yesterday.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
I had curry and rice last night.
I met Ken yesterday.
It was I who met Masako here yesterday.
Go and find the driver who arrived here yesterday.
He told me that he had gone there.
The woman who came here yesterday is Miss Yamada.
It was Mary that bought this skirt yesterday.
Who was it that bought this skirt yesterday?
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
Yesterday a pedestrian was run over by a truck at this pedestrian crossing.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
The Giants beat the Lions yesterday.
A welcome party was held in honor of Mr Jones.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Jones yesterday.
It's me that went there yesterday.
No students went there yesterday.
The house was struck by lightning yesterday.
Yesterday, a thief entered the house.
Who was it that bought those pictures yesterday?
I was to have finished the work yesterday.
I ought to have written the letter yesterday.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
If only I had known the answer yesterday!
We had a lot of rain yesterday.
I read a lot in my diary yesterday.
I got tickets yesterday.
I went to Disneyland yesterday.
I went to the department store to do some shopping yesterday.
We saw an interesting program on television yesterday.
Yesterday, Tom was injured in a motorbike accident, so he can't attend gym class for the time being.
Yesterday a truck hit this wall.
We did not get your letter until yesterday.
Not until yesterday did I know of the event.
It was not until yesterday that I noticed it.
Not until yesterday did I know about it.
It wasn't until yesterday that I heard the news.
It was not until yesterday that I knew her name.
It was only yesterday that I realized what she really meant.
Only yesterday did I know the fact.
Not until yesterday did I know the truth.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the news.
It was not until yesterday that I heard about the accident.
It was not until yesterday that I knew the fact.
It was not until yesterday that we noticed the animal missing.
At o'clock yesterday, there were hundreds of people outside.
The lecture you gave yesterday was a masterpiece.
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? That's so naive.
There was a large audience at yesterday's concert.
I might have done well on yesterday's test, but I do not know the results yet.
Somebody told me that today's test was identical to the one we had last year.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday.
Every now and then she called home during the party last night.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
There was a light rain yesterday.
All the members were not present at the meeting yesterday.
Trading was slow today after yesterday's market decline.
Yesterday's turnover on the stock market was million shares.
Did you take part in the discussion yesterday?
The main race yesterday was no surprise. That's the kind of race you can bank on.
I spent all yesterday afternoon cleaning my room.
Whom did you visit yesterday afternoon?
I was watching TV at this time yesterday.
What were you doing about this time yesterday?
Did you see the Giants' game yesterday?
I will clean up yesterday's work.
The questions in yesterday's examination were far easier than I had expected.
Waseda tied Keio in yesterday's game.
What were yesterday's chief events?
Yesterday's board meeting was a ten-strike!
It seems that much damage was done by yesterday's battle.
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
It rained hard yesterday morning.
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.
It was very cold yesterday morning.
An enemy yesterday can be a friend today.
I had a good time last evening.
Did you hear my show last night?
The dream of yesterday is the hope of today.
I surfed the net late last night.
There was a special sneak preview last night.
Where were you last night?
Last night there was a fire near here, and I couldn't sleep.
We were so tired that we turned in about 9:last night.
The buildings were damaged by the storm last night.
It was cloudy yesterday.
Yesterday I didn't have anything to do so I was just lolling around all day long.
It rained hard yesterday.
My computer was down yesterday.
Did anybody call on you yesterday?
It rained all day long yesterday, so I stayed home.
I slept all day yesterday.
Having been busy all day yesterday, I feel very tired this morning.
I only shot four bull's-eyes yesterday.
It was not very cold yesterday.
I was too sick to go to school yesterday.
Quite a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
I got blind drunk last night - so drunk I don't even know how I got home.
I heard about the accident for the first time yesterday.
I read the book up to page yesterday.
I spent yesterday reading instead of going out.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
It was very cold last night, so we didn't go outside, but stayed indoors.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
It was very windy yesterday.
I was very busy yesterday.
The weather was miserable yesterday.
We had nice weather yesterday.
Did you have a good night last night?
It was raining off and on all day yesterday.
It rained all day yesterday.
I learned English words by heart all day yesterday.
I worked hard all day long yesterday.
It rained yesterday, but it cleared up this morning.
It was raining yesterday.
What time did you go to bed last night?
How many people came to the zoo yesterday?
I had a good time yesterday.
I asked him if he had enjoyed himself the day before.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
It was cold yesterday.
It was cold yesterday, but it is still colder today.
Was it cold yesterday?
The temperature fell five degrees centigrade below zero yesterday.
As I was free after a long interval yesterday, I enjoyed playing tennis with my friends.
A strong wind blew yesterday.
I missed you very much yesterday.
It was colder yesterday than today.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
I wrote a lot in my diary yesterday.
It was hot yesterday.
Yesterday it was neither too warm nor too cold. It was an ideal day for taking a walk.
It snowed hard yesterday.
It just was not my day yesterday.
There was no wind at all yesterday.
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
I had a very productive day of cooking yesterday; I made soup, biscuits, and two pies.
We had bad weather yesterday.
The weather was very bad yesterday.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
It was Sunday yesterday.
I stayed at his place yesterday.
Yesterday he was seriously ill, but today he is much better.
Yesterday she stayed at home instead of going out.
I was ill yesterday but I am feeling fine today!
Not only were there strong winds yesterday, but also it rained heavily.
Yesterday was my birthday.
I didn't dream last night.
I bought a pig in a poke yesterday.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
It had been raining for week until yesterday.
I had never talked with Cathy until yesterday.
Everyone laughed at me yesterday.
It was this skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
What was it that Mary bought yesterday?
Yesterday Mary stayed home all day.
Yesterday Mary gave me a book the cover of which was blue.
I feel much worse today than yesterday.
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday.
Yesterday I went to see Robert, whose father is a pilot.
It was unfortunate that it rained yesterday.
I ran across an old friend when I went to the movies yesterday.
We were planning to go to the cinema last night, but everyone was tired, so we ended up watching a movie at home instead.
We had an examination in English yesterday.
Yesterday I ran across him at the station.
What happened to you yesterday?
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
It rained yesterday after it had been dry for many months.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday.
Yesterday a fire broke out near my house.
I remember seeing you last year.
The man I saw yesterday was a complete gentleman.
I was beaten up by a gang of hoodlums on the way home from work.
It was because I was ill that I couldn't go to school yesterday.
You played hooky yesterday?
Tell me the reason for your absence from school yesterday.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home.
What did you say in relation to what happened yesterday?
Yesterday I met an old friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time.
I took a day off yesterday and went on a picnic.
I got my pay yesterday.
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.
Last night saw a fire in my neighborhood.
My brother married his friend's sister last year.
The police called on Mary yesterday.
Give me the reason for which you were absent yesterday.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
It was his car, not mine, that broke down yesterday.
His employer dismissed him yesterday.
There weren't any children in the park yesterday.
Yesterday, there was a terrible accident on the highway.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway yesterday.
The pencil I lost yesterday was an old one.
The pen which I lost yesterday was a new one.
The restaurant where we had dinner yesterday isn't very good.
We celebrated our tenth wedding anniversary yesterday.
We cleared the street of snow yesterday.
An old friend of mine visited yesterday.
I cannot tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
A male friend of mine called on me yesterday.
Yesterday, I had an old friend of mine call on me in my absence.
I borrowed the dictionary from my friend.
Was it Mr Yamada that came to see me during my absence yesterday?
Yesterday I saw a man who was crying bitterly.
I met an old friend of mine at a bookshop yesterday.
I remember posting the letter yesterday.
I was free from work yesterday.
Yesterday I had my bicycle stolen.
The other day I met an old friend on the street.
Yesterday, I was invited to dinner by him.
I talked with him over the telephone yesterday.
Yesterday, I had him take my photograph.
I was on the air for two hours yesterday.
Yesterday I was caught in a shower.
Did you mail the letter yesterday or today?
My uncle dropped in on me yesterday.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
I ate too much food yesterday.
Something I ate yesterday disagreed with me.
The fish I ate yesterday did not agree with me.
I bought a new personal computer yesterday.
I got a new jacket yesterday.
The water was cut off yesterday.
Several boys had to leave school early yesterday.
I couldn't get the tickets yesterday.
I hung the laundry out to dry last night and by morning it had frozen hard as a rock.
It was Tom that broke the window yesterday.
I wish I had gone with the others to the game yesterday.
We had a storm yesterday.
Yesterday we went into a huge maze.
There was a big fire last night.
He drank hard yesterday.
The speech made by the president yesterday delighted his supporters.
A stranger phoned me yesterday.
We had an earthquake last night.
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.
I met my friend on the street.
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would have gone to the zoo.
A Mr. Tanaka came to see you yesterday.
If only she had been home when I called yesterday!
If only she had been home when I called yesterday.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I had a bad headache yesterday. That was why I was absent.
I bought it yesterday.
He dropped in on me yesterday.
Did you call him up yesterday?
When I saw his mother yesterday, she said he had left the hospital a week before.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
He opened a bottle of whiskey at his home yesterday.
I called at his house yesterday.
I called at his office yesterday.
Where did he go yesterday?
He delivered a very long speech yesterday.
Yesterday he missed the train to Sapporo.
Yesterday he came back late.
He may have met her yesterday.
Yesterday they didn't play tennis, because it rained.
I had a letter from her yesterday.
She enjoyed herself at the party yesterday.
She stayed at home all day long yesterday.
She packed yesterday, so as to be ready early today.
Yesterday she sat for the entrance examination.
She made believe not to hear him yesterday.
A sad accident took place yesterday.
I flew to Osaka yesterday.
Yesterday I went to the hairdresser's.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
My father had a heart attack yesterday, but he was lucky to have a clinic close at hand.
I received a letter from my mother yesterday.
I bought a book yesterday.
Mr Mitsue dropped in on me yesterday.
We went to see a movie with my friend yesterday.
The girl that came yesterday was a stranger to me.
The same man that came yesterday is here again.
Tell me the reason you didn't come yesterday.
You should have come yesterday.
I had an ache in my arm yesterday.
I came to see Dr. King last year.
When I attended a Japanese high school last July, I was impressed with what I saw.
Last year, he spent three months at sea.
Spring has come early this year compared with last year.
Spring has come later this year compared with last year.
Have you had a thorough medical checkup within the last year?
Skirts last year reached just below the knees.
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
How often did you go swimming last summer?
We had a lot of snow about this time last year.
What were the chief events of last year?
Last year's growth of income was 5% after inflation.
Last year's output of coal fell short of the standard.
Steel production is estimated to have reached million tons last year.
Steel production reached an estimated million tons last year.
There was a modest rise in prices last year.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
It was exceptionally cold last summer, and the rice crop was the worst in years.
We had much rain last year.
We had a bad rice crop last year because it rained a lot.
Our garden produced an abundance of cabbages last year.
There were a lot of murders last year.
Last year, there were more births than deaths.
We went into the red last year.
We had plenty of snow last year.
The nation's trade balance improved last year as exports were strong, while imports remained steady.
Imports exceeded exports last year.
An abundance of rice was produced last year.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than people.
Prices have been rising since last year.
When I was in London last year, someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
We have not heard from him since last year.
George was laid off when his company cut back production last year.
The building built last year is very big.
Last year I returned home and was surprised to find both the village and the people completely changed.
Last year when I was in the United States, I had almost no opportunity to speak Japanese.
Last year, my brother was late for school every day.
Last year, I saw at least fifty films.
A bicycle race was held in Nagoya last year.
Profit on computers for the previous year was nearly ten percent higher than the current year.
I experienced intense cold at the South Pole last year.
Last year saw a big political change in Japan.
Last year, he failed two of his final examinations.
Could you get the train at last night?
The airplane took off for London last night.
I was caught in a shower on my way home yesterday evening.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
We had words again last night, so today we're not speaking.
Last night we enjoyed talking over our high school days.
My car was stolen last night.
I was very tired last night.
I wish I had gone to the theater last night.
Last evening I was rung up by an old college friend whom I had not heard from for years.
She gave a rich dinner for us in her garden last night.
I went to bed at twelve last night.
A man called on you last night.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last evening.
The fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson.
It was cool, not to say, cold last night.
He asked me if I had slept well the night before.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn't sleep well.
Were you at home last night?
I enjoyed myself last night.
I worked hard till late last night, so I'll have to catch some z's after lunch if it's possible.
I couldn't sleep last night.
The temperature fell below zero last night.
I wrote a love letter last night.
I don't know what went on last night, but they're not speaking to each other this morning.
A fire broke out last night.
I had a terrible dream last night.
What did you do last evening?
We had a heavy rain last night.
Some burglars broke into my house last night.
I drank beer last night.
It may have rained a little last night.
Those oysters I ate last night didn't agree with me.
The bed I slept in last night wasn't very comfortable.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
He dropped in at my house last night.
He dropped in on me last night.
I parted from her last night.
She had a touch of a cold last night.
While cleaning my room yesterday evening, I happened to find an old photograph of my mother.
A fire broke out in the supermarket last night.
Last night I was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
Last night, we watched the stars from the rooftop.
The thermometer registered minus ten last night.
What happened last night?
I had a horrible dream last night.
The traffic accident delayed the cars last night.
My sister was robbed of her bag on her way home last night.
Last night I began to nod off in front of the TV.
I had a pleasant dream last night.
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter.
I had my watch stolen last night.
There was a big earthquake last night.
Did you feel an earthquake last night?
He asked after you last night.
Last night he came to the party with Jane.
He had a bit of a cold last night.
I forgot to call her last night.
She read a cookbook last night.
Last night Mr A called me up to say he could not attend today's meeting.
Did you watch TV last night?
The danger of AIDS came home to me when I saw a documentary film on it last night.
It has been raining on and off since last night.
It has been snowing off and on since last night.
A child was run over here last night.
A fire broke out in this neighborhood last night.
The bank was held up last night.
What did you watch on television last night?
We watched the baseball game on TV last night.
The news finally reached me last night.
It was not until last night that I got the news.
I'm still haunted by a vivid nightmare I had last night.
Last night's concert was disappointing.
I enjoyed myself at the party last night.
The river is flowing very fast after last night's rain.
At the meeting last night the problem gave rise to heated discussion.
He caught a nasty cold because he stayed up late last night.
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
Where were you making for last night?
I spent two hours reading a book last night.
Where on earth did you go last night?
When did you go to bed last night?
I couldn't sleep well last night.
The Giants had a close game with the Dragons last night.
I sat up last night until two o'clock watching the Olympic Games on TV.
I did not watch TV but studied English last night.
I enjoyed myself very much last night.
It was too muggy for me to get to sleep last night.
We played cards last night.
Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?
Did you eat something last night?
It rained hard last night.
I slept little last night.
I couldn't sleep well last night, so I don't feel well.
You didn't sleep well last night, did you?
Last year I listened to radio.
I could not sleep much last night.
It was raining last night.
What time did you shut the shop up last night?
We had a nice time last night.
I didn't have a good time last night.
It was cold last night, yet he didn't wear a coat.
We had heavy rainfall last night.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
It was hot last night.
It was sultry last night.
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.
There was a heavy rain last night.
Last night, I was so tired that I fell asleep with the TV on.
Last night, I indulged in reading the book he lent me.
I sat up reading till late last night.
We had a lively party last night.
I slept well last night.
Last night Mary met John here and said that her brother would meet you here this afternoon.
It may have rained last night.
There was a fire near the train station last night.
Last night someone broke into the small shop near my house.
My house was broken into last night.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
Last night an explosion took place at a fireworks factory.
Going home last night, I saw her again.
A burglar broke into the shop last night.
There was a big fire near my house last night.
Last night a fire broke out in my neighborhood, and an old woman was burnt to death.
Were you out last night?
We had no choice but to call the police last night.
I ran into my friend at the theater last night.
Last night, I heard dogs howling.
Did you enjoy the movie you saw last night?
We watched TV last night.
I studied last night.
A young man broke into my house last night.
It was not until last night that I heard the news.
I should have gone to bed earlier last night.
It was a vase that my son broke last night.
I spoke to him on the phone last night.
Last night, his grandfather passed away in the hospital.
He was so cranky last night.
She dreamed a happy dream last night.
She was a bundle of nerves last night.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
The trick worked beautifully.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
It's too early in the year for cherry blossoms to be out.
The cherry trees are about to blossom.
The cherry trees are planted on either side of the road.
The cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
The cherry trees are getting ready to bloom.
The cherry trees are in full blossom.
The cherry blossom season brings crowds of people to parks.
It is apt to get either cloudy or windy when the cherry-blossoms are in full bloom.
Cherry blossoms last only for days, a week at the most.
The cherry blossoms are at their best in April.
The cherry trees are in full bloom now.
Cherry blossoms last only for a few days, a week at the most.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
There was a cherry tree growing in the garden.
The cherry trees are in full bloom.
The cherry blossoms will be out in April.
The cherry blossoms are at their best this week.
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.
The cherry blossoms were at their best.
Salmon go up the river and lay their eggs in the sand.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
The picture will finish shooting in three days.
Someone stole my wallet.
The contents of the wallet were missing.
I will send a letter to my brother who lives in Sapporo.
I went to Sapporo on business and went over budget.
I'm from Sapporo.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
I have visited Sapporo several times on business.
The killers stole up on him.
Hit men are a popular subject for TV movies.
Kill me! Kill me! Kill all of me!
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
Having been convicted of murder, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.
The murder happened between a.m. and a.m.
Murder is a wicked crime.
Murder is against the law.
Murder and robbery are criminal acts.
Murder is punished by death.
There has been an increase in the number of murders.
The killer remained at large for weeks.
The murderer was arrested on the spot.
The murderer hasn't been arrested yet.
The murderer will soon confess his crime.
The murderer was executed.
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
The funds are not sufficient for running a grocery.
Would you like a newspaper or magazine?
I want you to put the magazines, pamphlets and whatnot aside.
What is the use of reading magazines?
The magazines are piled up next to the table.
Give me some kind of magazines, will you?
Bring me the magazines.
Shall I bring a magazine?
Weeds sprang up in the garden.
Weeds will soon outgrow the flowers.
Ill weeds are sure to thrive.
We have to get rid of weeds.
Sharks are infamous for their bloodthirsty natures.
The dish fell on the floor with a crash.
The plate slipped from her hand and crashed to the floor.
The dishes crashed to the floor.
The dishes can be washed in half an hour.
Will you put the dishes away in the cupboard?
Let me help you with the dishes.
Will you help me wash the dishes?
I usually do the dishes.
I'll let you off doing the dishes.
I'll wash the dishes.
The child is father to the man.
Add two to three, and you get five.
Mr Miura brought an action of libel against a weekly magazine.
Please find the area of the triangle.
It will become much warmer in March.
Mixture of the three primary colors creates black.
Children under three are admitted free of charge.
Would three o'clock be all right?
The three batters were struck out quickly.
About three weeks.
Would you mind sparing me thirty minutes of the day?
The three brothers must help one another.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr Smith is the best.
The three boys looked at one another.
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
Of the three boys, Bill behaves most politely.
Mary is the least studious of the three.
Let's all think on this together and we might be able to come up with some good ideas. They say two heads are better than one.
Yukio Mishima killed himself in 1970.
The three-day discussion was worthwhile.
It poured for three days.
It kept raining for three days.
The weather stayed fine for three days.
It has been raining for three days on end.
I ran into an old friend three days ago.
I lived three years in Paris during which time I learned French.
She walked out on her boyfriend after three years of abuse.
The third and most important idea is that of reentry.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
Close your eyes for three minutes.
She has fallen so low as to sing at a third-rate night club.
Saburo snatched up all the snacks that were sitting on the table.
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.
If you need an umbrella I'll lend you one.
You can borrow an umbrella if you need one.
Umbrellas sell well.
May I share your umbrella?
If you have an umbrella, let me join you under it.
I put up my umbrella.
I've got to take an umbrella with me.
It was wise of him to take his umbrella.
You'd better take an umbrella.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
I forgot to bring my umbrella with me.
You needn't have brought your umbrella.
Take your umbrella with you.
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
I left an umbrella behind.
It was careless of me to leave my umbrella in the train.
I have left my umbrella in the phone booth.
I closed my umbrella.
See to that you do not leave your umbrella behind.
I have lost my umbrella.
Now I'm done for.
I ask you, he's been cheating me!
If you cannot join us, please reply.
I regret not being able to join you.
There's no membership fee for joining.
It is imperative that we should encourage participatory forms of decision-making.
The list of participants is as follows.
The participants were for the most part women.
The participants accused him of carelessness.
The visitor asked the class a question.
Visitors may not feed the animals.
The Upper House seems bent on defeating any reform bills.
Please send me a catalogue for review.
I want to look at the reference books.
The mountains are reflected in the lake.
It's invigorating to breathe the brisk, fresh mountain air.
You cannot be careful in the mountains.
I anticipated a quiet vacation in the mountains.
There are big faces on it.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
The air of hills is cooler than that of plains.
The air in the mountain is fresh and clean.
There is a village over the mountain.
The sun descended behind the mountains.
It is warmer over the mountains.
Seen from the top of the hill, the island is very beautiful.
Shout it from the mountaintops.
We saw clouds above the mountain.
The top of the mountain was covered with snow.
All the snow on the mountain has disappeared.
Have you ever seen a bear in the mountain?
The air is very pure in the mountains.
The summit of the mountain is covered with fresh snow.
The top of the mountain is covered with snow.
How about walking to the top of the hill?
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
In the mountains it is not until the end of April that the snow disappears completely from the ground.
If it's going to take four hours from the foot of the mountain to the top, let's forget it.
Mountains look better viewed from a distance.
The mountain is not valuable because it is high.
The mountains lay covered with deep snow.
The mountain was covered with snow.
Mountains are not necessarily green.
The mountain glowed with the sunset tints.
There is a school down the mountain.
They dug through the mountain and built a tunnel.
A tunnel has been bored through the mountain.
A new tunnel has been dug through the mountain.
They drove a tunnel through the hill.
A mountain fire broke out and burnt the forest.
In the mountain area, snow has fallen more than fifty centimeters deep.
The weather is more changeable in mountain regions than in any other district.
The mountains are red against the blue sky.
We spent a night at the mountain hut.
The hut is below the peak.
The bandits made a raid on the village.
Mr. Yamanaka looks young for his age.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
The view from the mountain top was spectacular.
The sunrise from the mountaintop was beautiful beyond description.
To see the sunrise from a mountaintop is a delight.
The top of the hill was bare.
The air on top of the mountain was very thin.
Mr Yamada, may I introduce Miss Lloyd?
Mr Yamada, you are wanted on the phone.
Ms. Yamada translated the fascinating fairy tale into plain Japanese.
I'm going to meet Mr Yamada at the Sakura Hotel tomorrow at p.m.
Talking of Mr Yamada, do you know what has become of his son?
I made several calls to Mr Yamada's residence, but no one answered the calls.
Mr Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Mr Yamada frowned on the estimate presented by a travel agency.
The Yamadas live in a flat below this one.
Nobody knows what has become of Yamada.
The win-loss record between Yamada and me is fifty-fifty.
Yamada tried hard to keep his anger against his boss in check.
It was very considerate of Mr Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
Mr Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
Mr Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Miss Yamada is in charge of the 2nd year class this year.
Mr Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
Is Mr Yamada a physics or a chemistry teacher?
Mr. and Mrs. Yamada will come home next month.
The rope broke when we were climbing the mountain.
Yamamoto is one of my friends.
Ms. Yamamoto teaches us English.
After thinking long and hard, I put the plan into practice.
You had better have your hair cut.
I would like to have my hair cut.
Do you like giving haircuts?
It is time you had a haircut!
I feel like taking a walk.
While I was taking a walk, someone tapped me on the shoulder.
I feel fresh after a walk.
Let's take a walk.
How about going for a walk?
How about taking a walk?
Won't you go for a walk?
It was an ideal day for walking.
Do you feel like going out for a walk?
Shall I go for a walk?
How about a walk?
I suggested going for a walk.
Can I go for a walk?
I felt like going out for a walk.
May I go out for a walk?
How about going out for a walk?
I would rather stay at home than go out for a walk.
Would you care to go for a walk?
How was your walk?
What do you say to going for a walk?
Walking is an excellent exercise.
Walking is good exercise.
I took a walk.
There is nothing like a walk.
After her maternity leave, she resumed her old job.
I'm amazed by the rate at which industries grow.
Industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution.
Industrial activity is brisk.
The Industrial Revolution took place first in England.
Local finance are bankrolling the industrial promotion program.
Industrial wastes pollute the earth.
Education about birth control might help cut down on adolescent pregnancies.
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
Silkworms spin cocoons.
All those in favor held up their hands.
The acid ate into the metal.
Acid acts on metals.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Acids act on many things including metals.
Acids act on metals.
Acid eats into metal.
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.
You cannot burn anything without oxygen.
Lack of oxygen is fatal to most animals.
You can't live without oxygen.
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
Oxygen is taken into our lungs when we breathe.
Eat and drink up.
There was nothing left over.
If there is any left, give me some.
All that was left was the opening.
The last three blocks! Come on! Cheer up!
Those who want to remain may do so.
Would you please send the remaining five units right away?
For the other million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
I plan to work the rest of the summer.
I'll do the rest of the work another time.
The rest of the personnel were fired without notice.
I resolved to spend the rest of my life pursuing my ideals.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Keep the rest for yourself.
Please bring the others.
I'd like to be paid the balance in change.
The sands are running out.
There is little time left.
We will pay this amount by June 30.
Could you tell me my balance?
I'd like to find out my bank balance.
Cruelty is quite alien to his nature.
Following urination I feel as though I still have to go more.
I'm sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I'm afraid you can't marry her.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.
I am sorry your plan counts for nothing.
I'm afraid I have to disagree with you about this project.
I know how you feel, but it's over.
That's too bad. We're going to have cake after lunch.
I'm sorry to say I don't get much done.
I'm afraid I can't.
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.
I'm sorry I cannot go with you.
Sorry, I must stay at home today.
Sorry, but I have to work tonight.
I'm sorry I have a previous appointment.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I'm afraid I am not at liberty to do that.
I'm afraid your prediction was wide of the mark.
Unfortunately, you won't get anything done in that office unless you grease someone's palm.
Unfortunately it will be impossible for us to accept your proposal.
It's too bad but we got pummeled at the soccer match.
Sorry, but it looks like I'm booked up on that day.
Unfortunately, full employment can no longer be taken for granted.
I'm afraid we can't go on Monday.
I am sorry, but I cannot meet your requirement.
Regrettably, we have not received your reply.
It's a pity that I have no ear for music.
Regrettably, this self-centered behavior is absorbed by their children.
I am afraid that they don't get along very well.
I'm sorry to differ with you.
I regret that I have to inform you of the bad news.
I am sorry to say that I cannot help you.
I am sorry I am unable to attend your party.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
We regretfully reject your offer.
I regret to say I couldn't come yesterday.
We regret that we cannot place an order.
I'm afraid so.
Sorry to say, that expectation was ill-founded.
Regretfully it is not possible.
I fear so.
We regret that your application has not been accepted.
I'm afraid your guess is wide of the mark.
I'm afraid your guess is off the mark.
I'm afraid I'll have to call it a day.
I'm afraid I won't be able to take part in the meeting tonight.
There is not much I can do to help, I am afraid.
I'm sorry I cannot meet your demand.
I'm sorry, but I have a prior engagement.
To our regret, we were obliged to call off the game, which we had been looking forward to.
I regret to say he's gone for good.
I regret to say that he is ill in bed.
Unfortunately, you cannot bring him along.
I'm sorry I can't swear by him.
I'm sorry, but I'm not confident of her success.
I regret to tell you the truth.
Unfortunately, the hotel that you suggested was completely booked up.
To my regret I cannot accept your invitation.
To my regret, my favorite TV show went off the air last month.
To my regret, my father could not recover from his long illness.
Unfortunately, like other developed countries, America is graying.
To my regret there are many students who cheat.
Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to see the castle.
The pity is that he has failed.
To her disappointment, she was not there.
I feel sorry.
Garbage harbors vermin.
You had better throw away leftovers.
The officer told his men to advance.
I've got work to do, so piss off and leave me alone.
The work begins to get more difficult.
We're trying to make sure that the work is shared out equally.
The business was so successful that he is still well off now.
Because of a shortage of work, half the staff was discharged.
I've been snowed under with work lately.
Do not take your mind off work.
My job is giving me a stomach-ache.
When I am finished with what I am doing, I will come.
Now that you have finished your task, you are free to go and play outside.
We've finished the work, so we may as well go home.
His work done, he appeared to be satisfied.
You may leave immediately after you finish your work.
I will watch TV as soon as I get through my job.
The work over, we went home.
Not having finished his work, the clerk couldn't go to the party.
His work finished, he left for home.
Work is not the object of life any more than play is.
I have so much work to do that I have to put off my trip.
There must be equal pay for equal work, and where this is not the case, the abuse must be resisted at all costs.
Business took him there.
Busy with my work, I had no time to write to you.
My job keeps me busy. But my new apartment is cheap.
I don't like to inhale someone's smoke while I'm working.
I see you're doing very well in your business.
I've been to Osaka on business.
Are you here on business?
How's your job?
Which comes first, your career or your family?
You had better combine your work with your family life.
Work and play are both necessary to health; this gives us rest, and that gives us energy.
Don't mix business with pleasure.
It is hard to combine business with pleasure.
How will you manage without a job?
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
She had no idea how to set about her work.
I can do the job right!
You should give a lot of care to your work.
Pay more attention to your work.
I'm applying for a job.
I stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
Please drop off this package at the Jones' when you go to work.
I will drop off this package at the Jones' when I go to work.
Driving for one and a half hours to get to work is a bear.
I've acquired confidence in the job.
The failure in business left me penniless.
Let's get down to business, shall we?
I was about to leave for work when the telephone rang.
Attend to your business.
Don't be late for work.
A man who is absorbed in his work looks animated.
Have some enthusiasm for your job.
Don't worry about your work.
He ruined his health by working too much.
I cannot endure being disturbed in my work.
How are you getting on with your work?
Work pace is left up to the individual employee.
How's your business going?
How is your business going?
How about going out for a drink after work?
I can't stand being disturbed in my work.
Please don't distract me from my work.
The end of the task is not yet in mind.
How are you getting along with your work?
Our success in this work depends on your efforts.
He was left to do the difficult part of the work.
The job is half done.
I'm ahead of my work schedule.
The amount of work and the pay are not balanced.
The work will be finished by o'clock.
How much more work do you have?
Work doesn't always begin at nine.
How's things at the office?
The job is interesting, but not always easy.
The job is interesting, and then again, the pay is good.
My work is almost finished.
The work progressed smoothly.
The work is mostly done.
The work has just been done.
The work got finished somehow.
Are you getting along with your work?
The work was all but finished.
Are you finished with your work?
The job has already been done.
My job is easy and I have a lot of free time.
The work wasn't finished at 11:p.m. Friday, so they decided to carry it over to the following Monday.
I am through with my work.
The work was carried on steadily.
Do your work quickly.
Let's finish the work quickly and enjoy ourselves.
My job is dull and boring.
Is it difficult work?
The job is a lot of fun.
The work is progressing steadily.
Don't leave your work unfinished.
How's work?
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
His work absorbed all his energies.
The work is marching right along.
Work is behind schedule.
The work should let up by a week from today.
I also know the job won't be very well done.
On my way to work, I ran into my uncle.
Almost all the work is done now.
What with my business and private affairs, I am so busy.
People that want to do well in their jobs will dress for success.
Not doing one's work properly may be worse than not doing it at all.
Having done his work, he went out.
Having finished my work, I went out for a walk.
Are you working?
Instead of being here to work, you get the sense that he's simply a permanent fixture here.
Don't interfere with my work.
His work finished, he went to bed.
I don't feel like working; what about going to a cinema instead?
When you're at work, if you have a lot of workmates, it's surprisingly difficult to build a consensus.
I wish I didn't have to work.
Carry out the task as well as you can.
Let's press on with our work.
Go ahead with your work.
We have almost finished our work.
If you quit the job, you'll be burning your bridges.
Let's stop working and relax for a while.
Are you going to quit your job?
It's time to leave off work.
I've accomplished my task.
Figuring a way to make a dollar comes ahead of thinking about how to do the job better.
There are some people who enjoy work - in fact, they love to work.
He worked all night so that he could get the job done in time.
Can you get the work finished in time?
I'll come over after I finish the work.
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.
Have you got through with your work?
Let us start our week.
Bring your work to my room.
If you quit your job, you'll be burning your bridges.
I can fall back on my savings if I lose my job.
You may leave when you have finished the work.
When I get through with my work, I'll call you.
After we finished working, we enjoyed talking together.
Having finished the work, he went to bed.
Having finished the work, I went out for a walk.
After I had finished the job, I went to bed.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
Having finished my work, I went home.
Having finished my work, I left the office.
Did you accomplish the task?
You cannot be too careful when you choose your job.
He began to look for a job.
I need your approval before I leave work early.
Don't neglect your business.
I'm looking for a job.
Don't leave your work half finished.
Don't leave your work half done.
Aside from his work, he has no other interests.
We went all out to get the job done.
Don't play on the job.
We should have some interests outside our job.
Your family should come before your career.
My business acquaintances know this number.
We have equipped our office with computers.
Office managers expect accuracy, efficiency, and dedication.
Please do not use the phone while working.
Stop reading comic books while working.
Must I wear a tie at work?
You must not smoke while working.
A person who is addicted to work is called a workaholic.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
I don't like running down members of the staff, but he's the rudest man I've met.
Just finished it.
Apply two coats of the paint for a good finish.
I add a few finishing touches.
It can't be helped. Let's make the best of the bad job.
There is no choice.
That couldn't be helped.
Specifications and price are subject to change.
The tailor makes the man.
Take care not to strain your eyes.
You may use my typewriter if you want to.
You can use my car, if you want to.
Don't delay on this errand.
It's better to carry plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks to throw away.
Keep a record of how much you spend.
The campers were hard up for water because their well had run dry.
Do you have an extra shelf I can use?
Iron not used soon rusts.
We look at the expressions they use.
The messenger left for London in secret.
The mission took the direct route by air to the boundary.
Shake the bottle before using.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
I'll send my man to you with the letter.
Shake the medicine bottle before use.
The puncture wound was very deep and had to be examined for infection.
You don't like sashimi, do you?
A stimulating new book attracts attention.
It is an exciting city, New York.
It made me nervous when I was asked by the host to offer some words of congratulation.
The bishop felt pity for the immigrants who were abandoned, and gave them help.
The bishops were in favor of the proposition.
The priest blessed the marriage of the two.
The priest blessed the congregation at the end of the mass.
The priest blessed us.
The priest blessed the congregation.
The priest blessed the marriage of the happy couple.
The priest blessed the newly built church.
The priest pronounced them man and wife.
The librarian classified the books according to subject.
The commander gave orders that his men fire at once.
History is not his major subject.
You can slip through the fence on all fours.
Have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
The opposite sides of a rectangle are parallel.
Spring is my favourite of the four seasons.
It is fall that I like best of all the seasons.
The changing seasons in Japan do much to Japan's agriculture.
The new term starts in April.
It's April first.
Shikoku was hit by Typhoon No. 10.
I asked Mother to wake me up at four.
I have been walking for over four hours.
At forty, he does not get as angry as he used to.
They say one's forties are a dangerous time of life.
Four armed men held up the bank and escaped with $million.
You get off at Yotuya Station.
The quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
Jiro was all smiles after he made a bundle at the pachinko parlor.
I knew it all along.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
At first each man had paid $10.
When I first got to New York, I was in a daze.
Whatever has a beginning also has an end.
I thought it easy at first.
Plan your work before you start it.
I had breakfast in haste in order to be in time for the first bus.
The driver said that the first bus starts at 6:a.m.
The first bus will leave minutes behind time.
What time does the first train leave?
I got up earlier than usual so that I might catch the first train.
I got up early to catch the first train.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she might miss the first train.
It is Soseki that my sister likes best.
It began to rain, but we walked on.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.
My sister showed me a new watch.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
Your sister didn't hurt herself, did she?
Say hello to your sister for me.
Follow the example of your sister.
Unlike her sister, Hanako is indifferent to her dress.
My sister and I are different in every way.
My sister Susan gets up early every morning.
I thought about going to my sister's.
I'm headed for my sister's wedding.
My sister's work is teaching English.
My sister was on a diet for a week, but gave up.
My sister always keeps her room clean.
My older sister plays the guitar well.
My sister has a very good brain.
My sister has a nice piano.
My sister is a good typist.
My sister is crazy about tennis.
My sister can swim very fast.
My sister sang an English song at the party.
My sister is thin, but I'm a little overweight.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
My sister is always weighing herself.
My sister married him in spite of our objections.
My sister is engaged in social work.
My sister says that she wants to study abroad after leaving.
My sister likes sweets.
My sister dressed herself for the party in a hurry.
My sister, wearing her favorite red coat, went out today.
My sister married Mr Sato, whose father is my mother's friend.
My sister cooks us delicious dishes.
My sister asked me to lend her the dictionary.
My sister presses my trousers.
My sister cheers young sumo wrestlers.
My sister spends too much time dressing.
My sister is playing with dolls.
My sister has made up her mind to be a teacher.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
My sister works as an assistant to a college professor.
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
My sister fixed me with an angry stare.
My sister works in a bank as a secretary.
My sister was a beautiful woman.
My sister is subject to colds.
My sister washes her shoes every Sunday.
My sister expects to graduate from college next year.
My sister is having a baby in June.
Both my sister and brother go to college.
The sisters dueled with each other verbally.
Sister cities are the same as good neighbors.
Baby is sleeping. Don't be so loud.
Please see to it that children do not go near the pond.
If you are not firm with the children, they will get out of hand.
The children soon fell into a sleep.
It's time for our children to go to bed.
The children are beginning to get out of hand.
The kids were absorbed in the splendid fireworks.
The parents, rather than the children, are to blame.
A child could not have understood the situation.
Children are to the playground what leaves are to the forest.
You should set a good example to your children.
You should not give liquor to children.
I have never been sick since I was a child.
When he was child, he was in delicate health.
He was quite weak in his childhood.
Children don't keep still.
Children should grow up carefree.
He notices a thousand times a day the difference.
Children can't smoke; it's not legal.
Children will believe what their parents tell them.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
The child is father of the man.
Children are not allowed in.
The child was hiding in the box.
Children are liable to catch cold.
The child sat on his mother's lap and listened to the story.
The children washed their feet.
She took care of the children.
The children are growing tired.
There is no treasure more precious than a child.
It was naughty of Mary to pull the kitten's tail.
This cake tastes too sweet.
A tree is known by its fruit.
I'd like to have a Pap smear done.
We've got six children, you know.
The kid is clanging away with his toy.
The child was crying for her mother.
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
It is dangerous for children to play in the street.
It is impossible for children to read through the novel at a sitting.
We know how completely engrossed children become in games.
It was surprising to see how fast the child grew up.
I had a hard time putting the kid to bed.
The boy fell off the bed.
The child found his feet at last.
You must not deprive children of their playthings.
The child was feeding the monkey with the banana.
You cannot praise a child enough for doing something well.
The child's good health says a great deal for maternal care.
It isn't strange that children decrease, too?
He did not like children.
Kids can be kids.
She went nearly mad with grief after the child died.
She dressed him like children dress their pets.
It's nice if a child can have a room of his own.
With your children away, you must have a lot of free time.
Children often ask me for money.
Children, when they are little, make fools of their parents.
When parents are far away from their children, there is nothing they can do about their safety or welfare.
They have scarcely gone out since the baby was born.
I think it dangerous for children to play in the pond.
Please see to it that the child does not go near the pond.
It is very dangerous for children to play on the street.
It is natural for a child to scream in anger.
The child slept on its mother's lap.
The child was sleeping on its mothers lap.
It is dangerous for children to go out alone at night.
I enjoy watching children play.
There is another factor, too, that children find it hard to understand.
Bring your children along.
Don't be so childish.
Quit acting like a child.
Children are playing with toys.
When children are ordered to do a certain thing by such adult standards, they frequently refuse to follow the instructions for no other reason than that they have been told to do so.
The children are blowing bubbles.
And it is right and natural for children both to have it and to show it.
The children take care of that dog.
She felt uneasy when the children did not come home.
The children were playing in the park.
Children were running to and fro in the park.
Children want their way and are bound to get into arguments.
Some children are playing on the grass.
A group of children were playing.
The children were rolling a big snowball.
The children were playing in the middle of the street.
Do you have any good books for children to read?
It is no wonder that the children love to visit the farm.
It is common for children to cause trouble.
They are plowing the field of wheat.
You should not give your children everything they want.
Along with his children he fled the country.
Don't let the children monopolize the television.
The children were not to blame for the accident.
Children should be taught to speak the truth.
I think it necessary for children to have something to play with.
Be kind to the children.
The children were accorded permission to use the library.
Tell the children to keep away from the water's edge.
There are not enough doctors to give proper care to the children.
One must be patient with children.
One of the children left the door open.
Each of the children is doing his best.
A group of children were playing in the park.
I heard the gay voices of children.
I am thinking about my children.
Will you look after the children?
Do not mention the accident before the children.
Some of the children were too weak to stay on their feet.
Children are likely to be taken in by those sales representatives.
Children depend on their parents for food and clothing.
Children exhibit a low tolerance for the frustrations of learning.
Children begin school at the age of six.
Children play with toys.
When the boys go camping, they enjoy living in a primitive way.
Children are fond of cake.
The children soon lost themselves in the game.
Children quickly adapt themselves to their new life.
Two sodas for the children and one coffee, please.
The children were enthralled by the fairy tale.
Instead of watching television, the children played outside.
The children were much amused.
How does a child acquire that understanding?
It appears that the children are enjoying the party.
The children were playing at keeping house.
The children were all well and looked happy.
All the children are satisfied with her meals.
The children already went to school.
The children were being very quiet.
The mother insisted on her children not playing in the park after dark.
Children should be taught not to tell lies.
The children were insistent about our taking them to the movies.
Children are really looking forward to summer vacation.
Children are playing at the back of the house.
Children need not know every detail of the family budget.
The children would play for hours on the beach.
The children were all tired and went to bed of their own accord.
The children wanted to go out.
The children are learning the multiplication tables by heart.
Children should keep away from the danger.
Children should keep away from the danger. It's dangerous.
The children ran down the hill.
The children were delighted to see their grandparents whom they had not seen for quite a long time.
How are the kids?
Children are full of energy.
The children were allowed to stay up till p.m.
Are the children playing in the park?
The children went to play in the park.
Children are sometimes wild.
Children were apt to invent their own games.
The children were busy preparing their lessons.
The children were gathering around.
Laughing and talking, the children climbed the hill.
The children tried to imitate their teacher.
The kids urged their father to leave quickly.
Children require much sleep.
The children slid down the bank.
The children were playing in the dirt.
Children surely have their own will to be independent.
The children were going to make sport of her.
The children were sliding on the ice.
Children love playing on the beach.
The children are building sand castles on the beach.
The children were assigned to sweep the room.
Children play in this park every day.
Children like climbing trees.
Children should be seen and not heard.
The children were playing about.
Children like to pretend to be adults when they play.
The children were swimming in the altogether.
The children were playing in the backyard.
Be ambitious, children.
Don't make fun of children.
You must not allow the children to play here.
Don't let the children play on this street.
Keep the children away from the knives.
I took the children to school.
Don't spoil the children.
If you'll keep an eye on the kids, I'll take your suit to be cleaned.
Let's take the children to the zoo.
Keep children away from medicine.
Even a child can read this.
Even a child can answer the question.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child can understand that.
Even a child can do such a thing.
Child as she is, she is sociable.
Even a child can answer it.
Even a child can do it.
Even a child can understand it.
Even a child would notice the difference.
Even children need to make sense of the world.
Even a child is supposed to have reason.
Children filled the room.
Physical contact with a child is very important.
You shouldn't let the children watch so much television.
Even children can understand it.
A small boy needs some person he can look up to.
A child needs love.
What will a child learn sooner than a song?
There are many doubts to a child.
Children need a happy home environment.
Children need many things, but above all they need love.
Children should not be given more money than is needed.
Don't be soft with kids.
Happy is he that is happy in his children.
It is up to parents to teach their children manners.
We all believe in good, free education for our children.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
You shouldn't be impatient with children.
Children should not have more money than is needed.
Don't let your boy play with a knife.
I spoke to a child on the street, but he ended up running away.
A child's mischief often causes a fire.
All families with children get special rates.
You shouldn't say such a thing in the presence of children.
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.
I am never free from worries about my child.
I would often go swimming in the sea when a child.
When I was a boy, I thought that I wanted to be a doctor.
When I was a child, I would often call on him on Sunday.
When I was a child, my mother made me eat green vegetables every day.
I always got up early in my childhood.
We have known each other since childhood.
I was always told to study when I was a child.
When I was a child, I could sleep anywhere.
When I was a child, I used to go to the seashore every summer.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
I preferred baseball to football in my childhood.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
When I was a little child, I used to play baseball after school.
She could sing well when she was a child.
Momoe would often play with me when she was a child.
He was innocent as a child.
Some lectures are not wholesome for children.
I've known Jim ever since we were children.
From childhood I was fond of reading, and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books.
As a child, Bob lived in Boston.
As a child, he went to Paris three times.
My mother died when I was a kid.
Young tigers resemble cats.
I don't know how to handle children.
Does a child's musical talent depend on heredity?
Knowing how much school for my kids is costing, it's impossible to relax with a beer and take it easy.
Joy was manifest on the child's face.
The child's face worked as she tried to keep back the tears.
The child's shout was indeed shrill.
A child's education is the charge of his parents.
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.
We are in commission concerning the protection of children's rights.
As a boy, I used to swim in the pond.
When a child, I used to go fishing with him.
When I was a child I would get so excited the night before a school excursion that my heart would be pounding and I couldn't sleep.
In my childhood, I believed in Santa Claus.
As a child I learned lots of poems by heart.
When a child, I would play with the toys.
He used to play with her in his childhood.
I went to Canada when I was a child.
I have a clear memory of my childhood.
He would go fishing in the river when he was a child.
When I was a child, I played catch with my father.
I had a puppy when I was a boy.
What are you, just an errand boy? Start thinking for yourself and give me something serious to work with.
More Japanese are reluctant to have a child.
Keep out of reach of children.
Early education for children usually begins at home.
Children grow up so quickly.
You can identify children's voices without any problem.
A child has a higher temperature than an adult does.
Some kids start to carry on at a supermarket when they are not allowed to buy some candy or other treat.
His bravery to save the child from drowning is above praise.
I would like to illustrate children's books for a living.
A child can play in various ways of his own choosing.
Children need loving.
The child counted ten.
A child develops rapidly between the ages of and 16.
Some people think you cannot overpraise a child.
Children are always doing some mischief or other.
Children go to school to learn things.
Children are open to various influences.
Children suck the mother when they are young, and the father when they are old.
Children should obey their elders, mind you.
The child cried for the toy.
The child cried for a toy car.
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths.
Children learn to respond to rhythmical sounds from a very young age.
Children can't swim in this river.
Children often bother their parents.
The child soon fell asleep in the bed.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
Children should be kept away from the pond.
The child watched the animal with amusement.
Children like to beat drums.
Most children love ice cream.
Children usually pick up foreign languages very quickly.
Children often cry just to attract attention.
Children are prohibited from smoking.
Children must go to bed early without watching television.
A child will depend on the television.
Children like watching television.
Children usually have faith in their parents.
Kid's a hustler.
Children often hate spinach.
It's just time for children to go to bed.
It's time for children to go to bed.
Children often live in a world of fantasy.
Children often try to imitate their elders.
Children don't like to go out in the dark.
The child was afraid of being left alone in the dark.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
My baby has a hereditary disease.
In general, children are fond of candy.
How many kids do you have?
Children reflect the family atmosphere.
The child painted flowers.
All children can be naughty sometimes.
The child tumbled down the stairs.
Children like playing outside.
Children should play outside.
Children are often very good at learning foreign languages.
The child cried herself to sleep.
Children are never at rest.
The child threw a stone at the dog.
Children are very curious and ask many questions.
The child followeth the womb.
My children are my treasures.
Children sometimes lack patience.
The child is wide awake in bed.
Children are quick to accustom themselves to new surroundings.
The child must be taught to respect the truth and to tell the truth.
Children have problems that their parents don't understand.
Children are subject to their parents' rules.
Children imitate their parents' habits.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
The child was scared to get into the water.
Children enjoy making a splash in the water as they come off a waterslide.
Children grow very quickly.
Children aren't naturally obedient any more than they're naturally well mannered.
Children play with blocks.
The child started to run; perhaps he wanted to show off.
As children get bigger, they grow out of their clothes.
The child cried for help.
The child got angry and struck at his mother.
Children are not admitted.
Children don't like to take a bath.
The child threw a stone at the cat.
The child was hot with fever.
Children have a tendency to become rebellious.
Children are inclined to be disobedient.
A child should not get more spending money than is necessary.
Children are poor men's riches.
Little pitchers have long ears.
The child hung on his mother's arm.
The child missed his mother very much.
The child is lonesome for its mother.
The child kept at her mother for some money.
A child is very sensitive to its mother's love.
The child took her mother's hand.
Children will grow even if you leave them alone.
Children are fond of adventure.
Children should drink milk every day.
I had a premature baby.
The child began to cry as she woke to find herself left alone in the room.
The child gaped at me as though he were seeing a ghost.
The children were absorbed in their game.
When children play, they often make believe they are grownup.
I don't want to have children. Is that abnormal?
Children belong with their parents.
Children are to obey their parents.
Stop acting the child.
The children are clamoring to go to the zoo.
The children started in pairs.
It's shameful to treat a child so cruelly.
She went shopping, leaving her little child all alone.
It is quite a hard thing to bring up a child.
Rearing a child calls for perseverance.
Don't spoil your child.
Don't let your children go to dangerous places.
Don't let children have their own way.
Can you put the children to bed?
It's a book for children.
Keep children away from the pond.
Praising children is an important thing.
The children will be a drag on me, so I want to go without them.
I took my child.
I object to being treated like a child.
Intended for children, this is a book often read by adults.
Written for children, this book is easy to read.
Intended for children, the book entertains grown-ups.
Mother made me eat carrots every day in my childhood.
I recall less and less of my childhood.
Memories of childhood still lie near her heart.
Childhood is a period of rapid growth.
Beat it, kids!
Her children have gone to Tokyo and she misses them very much.
The children were so noisy that I couldn't study.
The children are lined up for the bus.
I'll go and see what the children are doing.
I spoke so slowly so that the children might understand me.
Some children broke the window, which made Mother very angry.
The children whirled about the garden.
Don't be so sharp with the children.
Surrounded by his children, he began his story.
Bring in lunch for the children.
You should give a good example to your children.
She cared for the children after the death of their mother.
Our children's education set us back quite a lot.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
The children are learning to add and subtract.
The children exchanged presents at the Christmas party.
The children amused themselves by playing games.
The children soon became attached to their new teacher.
The children took their ice skates and made for the frozen pond.
The children were very amused with his tricks.
The kids made a beeline for the TV.
Children walk around from door to door on Halloween night.
Children found Christmas presents hidden under the bed.
The children were hungry for affection.
Children like those who scold them with love.
Children are open to the influence of the streets.
The children all had gone to sleep before it got dark.
Children used to look up to their parents; now they are inclined to regard them as equals.
The children went upstairs in single file.
Children are curious about everything.
The children were walking along, singing a song.
All of the children had gone to bed before it got dark.
All the children went to bed.
The children went out to play.
Children like to play outside now.
The children were mending their butterfly-nets.
The children were all ears when I was telling them the story.
It seems that the children will have to sleep on the floor.
Children are quick to gain orientation to new circumstances.
The children were amusing themselves with dolls.
Children will produce beautiful works when they grow up.
The children were flying kites.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
The children are at play in the garden.
The children were playing in the sunshine.
The little children were too much for her.
Children like playing on the beach.
The children were eager for their father's news.
Kids really want balloons.
The children were sitting in a line, watching television.
Children like playing more than studying.
The children were told to stay within reach of their mother's voice.
Children delight in comic books.
The kids are asleep.
The children were wrapped up in their game.
The thunder scared the children.
Send the kids to bed.
The children's room is in bad order.
Do you have a children's department?
A puppy followed me wagging its tail.
The puppies nestled against their mother.
The small dog dug a hole and buried his food in it.
The puppy grew larger and larger every day.
He paid as much as a hundred dollars for a puppy.
A healthy child can no more sit still than a puppy can.
We want to leave our descendants a clean and green earth.
It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten's tail.
The kitten wanted in.
The kitten couldn't get down from the tree.
The lambs were slaughtered for market.
The lamb was killed by the wolf.
The city supplied food for the children.
The architecture in this part of the city is ugly.
City officials often have sticky fingers.
Many students live in the suburbs of the city.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
All the industries in the city are booming.
There is a park in the middle of the city.
There is a station in the center of the city.
A new museum is being built at the center of the city.
The price of land in the center of the city is soaring.
His exhibition at the city museum didn't appeal to me at all.
The northernmost part of the city is a maze of alleys.
The city supplied the needy with blankets.
Passengers are packed in like sardines on city buses.
The city dedicated a monument in honor of the general.
The city expanded the bus route 10Km further.
The city is cracking down on drunk drivers and giving them fines.
The market is held every Monday.
The city was put in a difficult financial situation.
The city supplied the earthquake victims with food and blankets.
The city is planning to extend the boardwalk.
Where do the buses for downtown leave from?
That's area code 213, phone number 486-2435.
Do I have to dial the area code, too?
In the town there was a measure of peace.
Because of the street fighting, the city is in utter confusion.
There are few places downtown for parking, which is a serious problem.
The municipal council all but ignored the gravity of the pollution.
The city council meeting is a great place to sound off.
The municipal council should concentrate more on specific issues.
How is it in the market?
The market is glutted with cheap imports.
The market was flooded with foreign goods.
The market was quiet today.
The market rallied.
The market prices have fallen across the board.
The market was flooded with imports.
The market drop has cleaned me out.
Octal paid a large grant for the researchers to carry out some market research.
The mayor presented the prizes in person.
It's said that the mayor is on the take.
Beside the mayor, many other distinguished guests were present.
The mayor's family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
The news of the mayor's resignation traveled fast.
As soon as they realized the mayor was on his way down, his critics started coming out of the woodwork.
The mayor will compromise to a certain extent.
The mayor compromised on the subject to a certain extent.
The mayor is a stuffed shirt.
The mayor will shortly announce his decision to resign.
The mayor walked at the head of the procession.
The mayor acknowledged her services to the city.
The mayor administers the affairs of the city.
The mayor governed the city very wisely.
The mayor prescribed to the citizens how to act.
The mayor provided me with an identity card.
The mayor granted our request.
The mayor manifested his discontent with the new plan.
The mayor thought that he should investigate the decline in tax revenues.
The mayor addressed the general public.
The Mayor addressed a large audience.
The mayor felt that he should look into the loss of income from parking meters.
The mayor declared that he would announce the result of the investigation.
The mayor presented him with the key to the city.
The mayor screened his eyes with his hand.
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.
Voters cast their ballots for mayor every four years.
The streetcar is now certainly out of date.
The city government once thought of doing away with that rule.
The city took the initiative in the pollution suit.
There is a plan to restrict the use of cars in the city center.
I plan to stay in the city.
Where's the bus for the city?
I'll show you around the city.
I will show you around the city.
The number of cars driven in the city has increased.
I'd like a map of the city.
Are there any tours of the city?
I'd like a city map.
No citizen should be deprived of his rights.
Citizens are the ultimate sovereigns.
The citizens demonstrated to protest against the new project.
All the citizens of the city have access to the city library.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
The citizens staggered under the heavy bombing.
The city hall is just around the corner.
The city hall is located at the center of the city.
The city hall is in the center of the city.
Can you tell me how to get to the city hall?
How long does it take to walk to the city hall?
It is provided that the applicants must be woman.
Applicants are requested to apply in person.
I worked hard to get into my preferred school.
Not all the candidates can pass the examination.
I don't recall.
We ran into each other at the airport.
The accident destroyed all his hopes for success.
To believe that an unexpected big fortune will come your way is to build a castle in Spain.
Your imagination is running away with you.
What the heart thinks, the mouth speaks.
I'm really happy I ran into you.
Barring anything unforeseen everything should turn all right.
My heart was in my boots when I thought of it.
Have your own way.
You can go however you like.
Quick, let's get started on the project proposal while the idea is still fresh in our minds. There's no time like the present.
I think he is a good man.
It's not even worth a thought.
She's an outspoken person.
I guessed right.
It is easier than I thought.
I could not catch as many fish as I had expected.
There are many more people than I expected.
Saying what you think frankly is not a bad thing.
I can't read your mind.
I laughed in spite of myself.
I could not help laughing.
I couldn't help laughing out.
Thoughts are expressed by means of words.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
An idea is expressed in terms of action.
Thought is free.
Around the world thoughts shall fly in the twinkling of an eye.
Yes, you can indicate everything you see.
I got a burn on my finger.
They moved up and down the keys.
He stood with his finger in his mouth.
Is using fingers uncivilized?
Not only has eating with your fingers continued throughout the centuries, but some scholars believe that it may become popular again.
Don't cut your finger.
I just cut my finger.
I bleed easily when I am cut.
He wouldn't even lift a finger.
The commanding officer led his army into enemy territory.
The commander exposed his men to gunfire.
The conductor appeared on the stage.
He has good credentials as a conductor.
A conductor directs an orchestra.
The leader dismissed the demonstrators in the park.
You can't go wrong if you read the instructions carefully.
The index rose to a seasonally adjusted 120.5.
Are there reserved seats?
When their leader died, they placed his body in a large tomb.
The leaders assembled in Paris for a meeting.
The leaders were out of touch with the people.
The index rose 4% from the preceding month.
The index advanced to 120.5, up 4% from the preceding month.
Make it a person-to-person call, please.
It's best to make international calls person to person.
The ring was not to be found anywhere.
Would you show me some rings?
Tom's acknowledgement that he stole the ring cleared the maid of suspicion.
A ring and some cash are missing.
The expenditure totaled 200,yen.
Our branches extend all over the country.
Where did he ever come up with the notion of opening a branch?
I'm going to complain to the manager.
The ruler was overthrown and banished from the country.
The manager was out, so I left a message with his secretary.
She handles the business when the manager is away.
I want to see the manager.
I am going to complain to the manager.
He acted behind the manager's back.
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible.
The manager advanced him two weeks' wages.
The manager opened the door and identified himself.
The manager approved our plan.
The manager stood at the door.
The manager made an apology for having been out.
The manager put forward a new proposal.
The manager threatened him with dismissal.
The manager was unnecessarily rough on him.
The manager put up a notice about the extra holiday.
Solvency is entirely a matter of temperament and not of income.
I need to find a better job on the double to pay my bills.
This is all on me.
I'd like to pay the check, please.
You need to open an account at a bank to receive the payment.
I have run into a problem that is causing the delay of my payment.
This is a friendly reminder about an overdue invoice.
Can I pay a credit card?
Also, please inform us of your terms of payment.
Institutions, however noble their missions, have failed to replace the family.
Every successful repetition spoke favorably for the quality of the first test.
The branches were bowed down with oranges.
The branches gave but did not break.
The bough bent under the weight of the snow.
Don't break the branches.
Don't break off the branch.
I'm troubled by split ends.
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?
Stop, or I'll shoot.
A stop sign in Japan has sides, whereas a stop sign in the U.S. has sides.
She would go out in the heavy rain, though I tried to stop her.
"Don't stop, Tony," said Linda.
To love and to cherish, till death do us part.
Please don't die!
The thought flashed through her mind that she was going to die.
I wish myself dead.
Death ends man's finite existence.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
Would it hurt to die?
Never say die.
I am afraid of dying.
I'm dying to see you.
I love her to death.
I'll love you for the rest of my days.
There's one thing I shall never understand till my dying day.
Nothing remains but to die.
I am ready for death.
Do or die.
Death is preferable to dishonor.
Before he died, he was almost blind.
Is death the only release?
Death comes to all men.
Death is often compared to sleep.
Death is the great leveler.
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide and she hides it well.
Death is the antithesis of life.
Death is certain to come to everybody.
Death is certain to all, all shall die.
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.
One who longs for death is miserable, but more miserable is he who fears it.
The news that he died was a shock to me.
You're not the one who died.
You can't take it with you when you die.
He wished himself dead.
You mustn't speak ill of the dead.
Dead men tell no tales.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
I wish I was dead.
Dead?
The cause of death was a heart attack.
The death penalty was done away with last year.
We must abolish the death penalty.
The death penalty should be abolished.
The death penalty has been done away with in many states in the USA.
Some people believe in eternal life after death.
After his death, his paintings were hung in the museum.
Speak well of the dead.
Casualties are said to total up to 1,000.
Death is seeking for his prey.
Hisao's face was as pale as that of a corpse.
The drowned body has not been recovered.
The body had burned beyond recognition.
The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.
Your gift was like discovery of an oasis in the midst of a desert.
The population is dying off.
Do your very best.
Birth is much, breeding is more.
I'm going with Ken. He is cool, gentle and smart. What's more, he is single!
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives.
I am as happy as a clam.
I'm so mad I want to scream and break everything!
I feel at ease.
This is the first time I've worked as a coordinator, so I may not have the hang of it yet.
I feel so happy today.
I am not going to join the year-end party tonight.
I am in a spot.
I'm Nana. I'm Hideki Yamauchi's daughter.
I'm on the road a lot, and my clients are complaining that they can never reach me.
I do a lot of worrying.
I really like Jiro Akagawa's novels.
I have some coupons I got last week.
I cooked dinner.
Is there any mail for me?
Are there any letters for me?
Have any letters arrived for me?
John had cleaned the house when I came home.
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
This is the one I meant when I said, 'A man who comes after me has surpassed me because he was before me.'
Wait till I count to ten.
Ten years have passed since I came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
When I reach retirement age in 1998, I will have worked for the college for thirty years.
It appears my mail on January did not reach you.
If I were eighty and she were still alive, I would be getting the same admonition.
When I was a student at MIT I used to eat at a certain restaurant in Boston.
If I were you, I wouldn't live with him.
I'd retain that old hat if I were you.
If I were you, I would do the same.
It is next to impossible for me to go with you.
Were I you, I wouldn't refuse her offer.
If I pay you a dollar, we'll be even.
I'll do everything for you, so you have only to wait here.
I will pay the money to you.
Do as I ask you or I won't answer for the result.
I'll act as a guide for you.
He loves you as much as I do.
I will go there in place of you.
Were I in your position, I would quit.
I would act differently in your place.
Please don't get angry if I criticize.
I'll look after that child.
It is difficult for me to solve that problem.
Suppose I had gone to America.
There is no reason for me to apologize.
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.
That's exactly my point.
You never listen, no matter how many times I tell you.
He never hears what I'm trying to say.
When have I told a lie?
He asked me when I was going to buy a new car.
Should anything happen in my absence, ask him for help.
Carry on working while I am away.
I owe what I am to my father.
My name is Edgar Degas.
Would you like me to help you?
I had hardly got into the bath when the phone rang.
I had scarcely opened the cage when the canary flew out.
To my disappointment I found that she wasn't honest.
It's a miracle that I've got over cancer.
Take back what you said about me being stingy.
I owe it to him that I can earn a good salary.
Please wait till I have finished my coffee.
The fact that I'm here proves that I'm innocent.
It's three years since we moved here.
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
Ten years have passed since I came here.
It has been ten years since I came here.
It is two years since I came here.
I owe it entirely to him that I have thus far succeeded.
Can you help me wash these dishes?
I'll carry this case to your place.
More than five years have passed since I came to live in this house.
I like this picture, not just because it is famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
I like this picture, not because it is a masterpiece, but because it has charm.
I take full responsibility for the action.
It has been twenty years since I saw you last.
The watch I lost the other day was new.
It is more than five years since I last saw him.
It was in London that I last saw her.
After I sign these release papers, you'll be on your way.
I told this secret to you alone.
It took me about an hour to read this book through.
It took me three days to read this book.
It is difficult for me to understand this question.
Note down what I'm going to say.
Listen carefully to what I am going to tell you.
I owe it entirely to you that I have succeeded thus far.
I'll clear these dishes away.
I wish I could go to the concert.
I'll get in touch with Jim and ask him to come over.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
While I was talking on the telephone with John, the operator cut in.
Will you help me pack up my suitcase?
The letter I've been waiting for has arrived at last.
He threw cold water on what I was doing.
It was easy for me to do so.
You will think it just that I should do so.
No sooner had I done so than it began to rain.
It was a pure accident that I met him there.
Nobody was conscious of my presence there.
Hang on till I get to you.
Do I need to go there?
Is there any need for me to go there?
When I got there, the house was on fire.
It was quite dark when I got there.
They were about to leave when I arrived there.
There is no reason why I should go there.
The dance had already started when I got there.
No sooner had I got there than they started.
I had scarcely entered the class before the students started asking questions.
Is it necessary for me to attend the party?
The reason I could not attend the meeting was that I had a severe headache.
I left the firm, because I wanted to be on my own.
I had no difficulty in carrying the plan out.
Just picture to yourself the horror with which I saw the scene.
It will take me no less than hours to prepare for the exam.
I will account for the incident.
It is impossible for me to answer the question.
It is easy for me to answer the question.
I paid 2,yen for the parcel to be sent by air.
It stands to reason that I should decline the offer.
I'll take the responsibility on my shoulders.
Must I open the window?
Mrs. White broke into tears when I told her the news.
It was only yesterday that I heard the news.
I went into the room, where I found the children sitting on the sofa.
He left the room on my entering it.
It'll take me a long time to finish reading that book.
It is impossible for me to solve the problem.
It was very sensible of him to reject the bribe.
I only found out about it purely by accident.
That is as much as I dare spend on it.
As I read through the letters, I realized that the Pope was the true culprit.
Don't expect me to do it for you. It's your baby.
There is no reason why I shouldn't do it.
He isn't any more capable of it than I am.
It was a mere chance that I found it.
Nothing would please him but I must do it myself.
I see no reason why I shouldn't put it into practice.
I trust that, in the long run, I will not be a loser.
I will endorse it.
At such times, I think of my family, not my friends.
To my great delight, he won the first prize.
It happened that she was out when I called.
I'll fix it up all right.
We were just about to leave when it rained.
I was about to go to bed when the phone rang.
I was just about to go out shopping when you telephoned.
I'll read you the poem I wrote just now.
Inform your father of my arrival.
He was angry because I wouldn't give him any help.
What interests me greatly is astronomy.
Words can not convey how glad I am.
I can't express how grateful I am.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
Note how I do it.
You will never realize what I went through.
This is the same watch that I lost.
Let me say what I will, he doesn't mind me.
It has been just a week since I arrived in New York.
It is no business of yours what tie I wear.
It was when I was thirteen that I fell in love with a girl for the first time.
It was in Tokyo that I first met her father.
It was this fountain pen that I bought in Paris.
It is difficult for me to play the piano.
Do you think it strange that I should live alone?
The taxi I took was very old and small.
I played football and my sister played tennis.
It is not tea but coffee that I want.
It is not money but time that I want.
This isn't exactly what I wanted.
When I was staying in Boston, I made her acquaintance.
To my relief he recovered from his illness.
I was just going to express an opinion, when he cut in.
I was about to leave my house when she rang me up.
I owe it to my doctor that I am still alive.
What I like about Mary is her strong character.
I should ask him if I were you.
Bring the painting closer so that I may see it better.
He ran away with the idea that I had done it.
It makes no difference whether you want to do it or not.
The girl that I know very well has already left for Tokyo.
In my point of view, a car does more harm than good.
In my eyes, he is wrong.
Will you take your hand off me?
Let go of me!
I wish you to relieve me of my anxiety.
Please tell John that I called.
I will warn him.
I threw the rope and she caught hold of it.
It was on the morning of February the ninth that I arrived in London.
It was not by plane, but by ship, that I went to London.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
I am to blame.
No blame attaches to me.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
What has become of my old house where I used to live?
I ought to ask, oughtn't I?
You can no more expect me to change my opinion than expect the sun to rise in the west.
There are many words with meanings I don't know.
If only I were a doctor.
I had been waiting an hour when he appeared.
The people with whom I work are all very kind.
While I was waiting for the rain to stop, he kindly gave me a lift.
My meeting her at the station was a pure accident.
The train had already left when I got to the station.
The train had already left when I arrived at the station.
As I reached the station, the express was just drawing in.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
The train was on the point of leaving when I got to the station.
I had no sooner reached the station than the train started.
The train left before I arrived at the station.
Without your help, he would fail.
Do I have to make a speech?
Do you have to make a speech?
It took me two hours to get to Yokohama.
I wish I were a prince.
I wish I were a millionaire.
Are you suggesting that I'm a coward?
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything.
If I want to do anything, you want me to do something else.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
No matter what I did, no one paid any attention to me.
They have no idea what I intend to do.
She has no idea what I intend to do.
You know what I mean.
Can you guess what I have?
When I'm home and I'm going to the corner drugstore to pick up some shampoo, why do you always tell me to be careful how I cross the street?
As soon as I got home, my sister went out.
When I came home, he was cooking dinner.
He wasn't sleeping when I came home.
She was watching TV when I came home.
Mother had prepared supper when I got home.
It was quite dark when I got home.
It began to rain five minutes after I left home.
I was leaving home, when it started to rain.
Hardly had I left home when it began to rain.
I had scarcely left home when it began to rain.
Please help me clean the house.
It will be a long time before I can buy a house.
I sustain my family.
I will take care of the flowers.
What I can't bear is the sound of chalk squeaking on a chalkboard.
You are the very man I want to see.
It is her that I want to meet.
Were you going to the railway station when I saw you?
There is one thing I look back on with regret.
He will look after the cats for me while I'm abroad.
Were I a foreigner, I could not eat raw fish.
He came when I was out.
Will you look after my dog while I'm out?
Will you take care of the children while I'm out?
To the best of my memory, he always smoked a pipe.
It was because of the accident that I was late for school.
The bell had already rung when I got to school.
I had hardly reached the school when the bell rang.
I'm not able to make clear how I am feeling.
I'll show you that I am right.
Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
It is not the car but the users that I am concerned about.
She says something every time I turn around.
While I was cleaning out my desk, I came across this old picture.
I will get the machine running.
My father was already at home when I came back.
My mother had been cooking supper for two hours when I got home.
My mother had cooked supper when I got home.
Please stay here till I get back.
If you get to my house before I do, help yourself to a drink.
Be sure to get this finished by the time I come back.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
Ken was reading when I came home.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
My sisters were cooking when I came home.
When I returned home, my brother was doing his homework.
When I came home, she was watching TV.
My father was on the point of going out when I came home.
When I returned home, my brother had done his homework.
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.
It began to rain before I got home.
What I like is her way of talking.
When I got up, it was snowing outside.
It is a great honor for me to have been elected chairman.
The reason for my absence is that I was ill.
I hurried, not because it was getting dark, but because I was hungry.
She was in charge of the office while I was away on a trip to Kyoto for a week.
One third of the friends I grew up with are dead.
To my surprise, he didn't know how to use the dictionary.
He failed in my having been surprised at the examination.
To my shock, he killed himself by taking poison.
To my surprise, her reply was flatly negative.
He can no more swim than I can fly.
The plane had already taken off when I reached the airport.
Were I you, I would start at once.
Were I you, I would not do such a rude thing.
Were I you, I would study harder.
He told me that if he were I, he would not do so.
I wish I were as young as you.
I'll never forget what you told me.
Stand upright when I'm talking to you.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
The girl I told you about lives in Kyoto.
I'll take over your duties.
I will let you go home at once.
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
You can trust that I will never break my promise.
I hoped that I would marry while my mother was still alive.
When I visited Ken, he was studying.
I owe it to my parents that I am so healthy.
I was helped by my father to paint the kennel.
No tongue can tell of the wonders I saw.
It's a house just like that I have seen.
Everything that I saw was completely different from what I had expected.
I found nothing but a pair of scissors.
My cousin had been sick in bed for a week when I visited him.
There can't be a girl who is waiting for me to appear.
My father made me what I am today.
Do as I tell you.
It never occurred to me that my words would hurt her feelings.
You should keep in mind what I told you.
Please bear in mind what I said.
What I'm saying is quite true.
I mean what I say.
While I was intent on improving my language skill, I came upon an English grammar book.
He turned around when I called.
It was not until I called that he came.
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:p.m.
It was yesterday that I broke the window by mistake.
I was walking in the park, when I heard my name called.
As for the scheme I had in my head, it was not a bad one in itself.
There is nothing to prevent my going.
There were a lot of empty seats the day I went.
I found the boy fast asleep.
No sooner had I entered the hall than the ceremony began.
Repeat what I have just told you.
I owe it you that I am still alive.
Of all the places I've been, Alaska is the most beautiful.
I'm sure it must be true from all that I've heard.
This is all the money that I have now.
It was George that I met in the street this morning.
I will have been to Paris five times when I go there again.
I owe what I am today to education.
I owe what I am today to Dr. Brown, who saved my life.
My mother has made me what I am today.
My uncle has made me what I am today.
He has made me what I am.
My father made me what I am.
I owe what I am to my mother.
I owe what I am to my friend.
I owe what I am to my parents.
What I want now is a hot cup of coffee.
What I am talking about right now is the deep love and respect I have for my husband.
It was really considerate of you to lend me $when I was in difficulties.
He went out of his way to help me when I was in trouble.
The man helped me when I was in trouble.
Will you help me get over the difficulties?
Though I refused repeatedly, he insisted that I should go there.
People I admire most are those who do not see life in terms of power.
It is ten years ago that I saw him last.
I was called into the office first.
My first guess was wide off the mark.
What has become of the book I put here yesterday?
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.
It was Jack that I met yesterday.
The name of the man I met yesterday is Mr. Hill.
The boy whom I met yesterday is Tony.
This desk, which I bought yesterday, is very big.
What I bought yesterday was these shoes.
It was quite dark when I got home last night.
That's not the reason why I said the job wasn't easy.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
We used to swim every day when we were children.
It is not surprising that he was elected mayor.
I'll leave my daughter's education to you, after I'm gone.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
Don't phone me while I'm at the office.
I have not more than three thousand yen.
This is the only book I have.
Please take a look at the picture that I chose.
Nobody will believe how sorry I was for what I'd done.
When I failed, he said, "It serves you right".
When I didn't know how to answer the question, he gave me a hint.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
Were I young, I would go abroad.
Are you suggesting that I am too young?
The deal I was working on fell through.
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.
The teacher I wrote to you about has not yet arrived.
The message I received said, Please contact us at your convenience.
The place I live in is very good for your health.
How long will it take me to finish my homework?
He arrived after I had left.
My father was still at home when I left.
Please take care of my birds while I am away.
I was about to leave home when an old friend of mine dropped in.
I was about to go out, when the telephone rang.
I was about to go out, when he came to see me.
It was disappointing that nobody ate the expensive sushi I had served.
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters I gave you to post.
I'll get it.
The people whom I meet are kind.
Please look after my cats while I'm away.
Thank you for reminding me about the meeting I have to attend.
There was no sign of dinner appearing before I left.
I'll offer him what help I can.
My first attempt at a cheesecake tasted horrible.
She was approaching thirty when I first met her.
It was in Kyoto that I first met her.
Would you read my letter and correct the mistakes, if any?
The boy I helped is Tony.
The young man whom I employed as my assistant works very hard.
I don't know whether I will win or lose.
I owe it to my uncle that I succeeded in my business.
I had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring.
My train left Kyoto at six, and arrived in Tokyo at nine.
I had barely got aboard when the train began to move.
It is very rude of you to expect me to eat food that I do not want to.
I had hardly finished my meal when my friend phoned me and invited me out for dinner.
The man I trusted betrayed me.
My belief is that you are right.
It was very kind of you to make dishes while I was down.
I had hardly fallen asleep when the telephone rang.
It cost me a lot of money to build a new house.
That is why I believe in the Press.
You are no more a god than I am.
I will be afflicted that I do not know men.
My success was mainly due to your help.
The reason I succeeded was because I was lucky.
It was thanks to his advice that I succeeded.
I owe my success to him.
There is little prospect of my success.
His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.
You will see that I am right.
It turned out that I was right.
It is impossible for me to get there before noon.
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.
His eyes searched my face to see if I was talking straight.
You shall want for nothing as long as I live.
I'll help you as long as I live.
As long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
I'll never forget him as long as I live.
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live.
So long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
You shall not for nothing as long as I live.
The town in which I was born is famous for its old castle.
I ran off some of the oil.
I'll get there before you will.
It was this hospital which I visited last month.
The president of the company, to whom I introduced you last Friday, wants to see you again.
Do you think it dangerous that I swim across the river?
This is the only guidebook that was recommended to me that is really useful.
I figure that my vote won't change anything.
I have worked for one company where the payroll was snatched on a dark winter's night.
My leaving early made them feel sorry.
Would you mind if I open the window?
Do you want me to open the window?
The dog gave a yelp when I trod on its paw.
It was after dark when we got to the village.
The scolding I gave to the other children doesn't apply to you.
Words cannot describe the horror I experienced.
The man I was waiting for didn't turn up.
Little did they know that we were waiting.
When I entered the kitchen, she was making chicken curry with rice.
I was active in politics when I was in the university.
I didn't know whether I wanted to go to university.
It is ten years since I left college.
I owe it to my brother that I was able to finish college.
I owe it to my parents that I was able to finish college.
Don't think I'm made of money.
That's what I'm looking for.
My decided preference is the fourth and the last of these alternatives.
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
I know nothing except that she left last week.
So far as I know, he used to be a good student.
He took advantage of my ignorance and deceived me.
It is the fact that I want to know.
As far as I know, she is a very good person.
He is, so far as I know, a good guy.
As far as I know, he is one of the best doctors in town.
Mr Smith, as I knew him, was a modest man.
To my knowledge, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, he is coming by car.
As far as I know, he is a reliable person.
Will you take this bag while I consult the map?
You may rely on my coming in time.
In case I am late, please go ahead of me.
She was sore at me for being late.
By the time I arrived, he had already left.
The concert was all but over when I arrived.
She had already gone when I arrived.
When I arrived, they quickly cleared out of the house.
As I was having lunch, the phone rang.
When I got up this morning, it was raining.
I made my brother my agent while I was out of the city.
I wish I had been a bird.
I will personally be responsible for it.
It would be best if I met him in person.
She will report directly to me.
The last bus had already gone when I got to the bus stop.
When I went down to the garden, two little girls were picking daisies.
Do you mind my making a suggestion?
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I rang him up.
She had just come home when I called.
Pamela must have been at home when I tried to get in touch with her, but she didn't answer the telephone.
While I was talking over the telephone she came to see me.
He was busy when I called him up.
No sooner had I hung up the phone than there came another call.
The branch began to bend as I climbed along it.
The fact that I lost my temper made matters still worse.
She looked sad because I was angry.
The candidate whom I cast a vote for was elected.
If only she had known I was in Tokyo, she would have come to visit me.
It has been two months since my arrival in Tokyo.
It is ten years since I came to Tokyo.
It is five years to a day since I came here.
When I arrived, it was raining.
The party was all but over when I arrived.
He waited for me until I arrived.
Our company supports several cultural events.
I acted as a simultaneous interpreter.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
I am pleased with this vivid portrait in particular.
My refusing to eat meat occasioned an inconvenience, and I was frequently chided for my singularity.
That was my first visit to Japan.
I stayed in Japan only a few months, during which time I went through a series of hardships.
I stayed in Japan only a few months.
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.
The time came when I had to leave Japan.
It is forty years since I began studying Japanese.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
He stood up when I went in.
Kuniko had already eaten when I came in.
They stopped quarreling when I came in.
Is there any room for me?
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.
There are several reasons why I have a fever.
If I am a fool, you are another.
The coat I wanted was priced at three hundred dollars.
Whenever I get ready to go shopping, he invariably starts getting on my back.
I'll do the shopping for you.
I'll show you the car I've just bought.
What have you done with the watch I bought for you?
No sooner had I opened the box than a frog jumped out.
It was this book that I borrowed from him.
It is because he is cruel that I dislike him.
It is usually at the coffee shop that I meet him.
I offered him fifty pence and he accepted.
What I told you about him also holds true for his brother.
This is all that I know about him.
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
I lied to him and he lied to me in turn.
Every time I went to see him, I found him at work.
It was yesterday that I saw him.
Is there any reason why I must obey him?
I'll give him a piece of advice.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
The money I have given him amounts to $10,000.
What do you think he said when I asked him for a favor?
It is difficult for me to understand him.
When I got to his house, he had already been taken away.
I will take his place.
It is doubtful whether he will accept my proposal or not.
When I entered his room, I found him reading a book.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
Just stay put for a minute while I look for him.
When I called on him, he was talking on the phone.
I invited him to the party and he accepted.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
It is because he is honest that I like him.
There is no reason why I should help him.
It happened that he was out when I visited him.
It was only yesterday that I called on him.
He was absorbed in reading when I visited him.
Would that I had married her!
I will explain it to her.
Every time I went to see her, she went out.
It was yesterday that I met her.
It has been ten years since I saw her last.
Some smart alecks cut in when I was asking her to marry me.
The ring I gave her had a tiny stone in it.
I wrote the song for her.
It is a fact that I don't know her name.
If I were in her place, I wouldn't give up yet.
If only I could speak English as fluently as she does!
I kept gazing at her until she, totally confused, dropped her gaze.
As I love her, so she loved me.
She loved her, as I loved her.
It was here that I saw her.
She was absorbed in listening to music when I visited her.
She had been sick for a week when I visited her.
I am far from sad.
It is not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
The airplane took off as soon as I arrived at the airport.
Miho was in the living room when I visited her.
What I need is not money, but your advice.
Jill was a great comfort to me when I was ill.
Rie Kawada will do my job while I'm gone.
Shun will take over my job while I'm away.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
I admit to being careless.
It isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
They would never fuss about me if I were Fred Smith.
When I asked Dad for more money, he really blew up and started to yell at me.
It was when I was eight years old that I climbed Mt. Fuji with my father.
I am to take over my father's business.
I'll take my father's place.
As I entered the room, they applauded.
They stopped talking as soon as I came into the room.
My son had been writing for several hours when I entered the room.
I enter the room, where I found an old man sleeping.
When I entered the room, I found a dog.
He was having lunch when I entered the room.
It was my turn to clean the room.
I'm glad it's not coming out of my pocket.
That's not likely in so far as I can see.
That's not what I heard.
We parted the best of friends.
I was about to reply, when he boldly cut in.
As I was walking, it began to rain.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
The only trouble I've ever had was dealing with people who didn't like my personality.
The man that I visited was Mr. Doi.
Every time I call on you, you're out.
Every time I call on you, you are out.
It is Paris that I want to visit.
She was engaged in some interesting work when I arrived.
When I called, he had already set off.
She was out when I called.
In case I forget, please remind me.
There was a large sound when I was reading a book.
What I'd really like is something cold to drink.
Are you suggesting that I am not telling the truth?
Please turn out the light so that I can sleep.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
The first thing I want to do tomorrow is to find a good part-time job.
I will see to it.
She got all the more angry because I kept silent.
When I awoke, he had already been there.
When I woke up, all other passengers had gotten off.
I awoke to find that he had already gone.
The sun had already risen when I woke up.
It was broad daylight when I woke up.
When I came back, my car was gone.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
Wait here until I come back.
Wait here till I return.
Please wait until I come back.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
She was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
I was walking in the park with a friend of mine when it started raining.
As I was taking leave of my friend, he said he would be glad to see me again before long.
What I want is a word processor.
All I want is money.
I want nothing but health.
I'm still waiting for my order.
Every time I drop in to visit, they constantly get in my hair.
Will you look after my dog while I am away?
My sister took care of the dog while I was away.
I'd like you to look after my dog.
I'll get Meg to do my work during my absence.
My house was robbed while I was away.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
Do not let go of the rope till I tell you.
There are several good reasons why I have a freezer.
In case I miss the train, don't wait to start.
Do I sound in love?
Please remind me to turn in the paper.
Please answer me when I speak to you.
The man to whom I spoke was a German, not an American.
The man I was talking to is my English teacher.
Be quiet while I am speaking.
While we were speaking, he kept silent.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
While I was speaking, he said nothing.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
As I was speaking, Mother came up.
Don't interrupt me while I am talking.
Don't interrupt me while I'm speaking.
I like this song; it's got a strong beat and you can dance to it.
I wish to resign from my work for purely personal reasons.
I cannot approve the project.
I read it to my family.
I alone did it.
Nobody was hungry except me.
There was no one left but me.
Not merely I but also he is invited to the party.
I'm afraid we won't be able to help you tomorrow.
I think we can get along well.
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
On TV we saw Mummy's office in flames.
We asked him on the interphone if he could come downstairs quickly.
We saw terrible scenes on TV.
We are all anxious about your health.
We listened to the shooting.
What will we be doing this time next week?
I was the shorter of us two.
We talked about cabbages and kings.
You cannot think how good a time we had.
It is dangerous for us to be out after eight o'clock.
We had not gone very far when it started to rain.
It is doubtful if we can get the engine working.
How can we make it up to you for all that you have suffered because of us?
She cut in when we were talking.
It is very important for us to know each other.
When we made fun of her, she blushed.
No wonder we associate bats with dark places.
It is with great pleasure that we welcome you here.
When we told Koko the news, she was silent for about ten minutes.
We have no reason for staying here.
It is five years since we moved here.
The hotel we stayed at last summer is near the lake.
We are here because we have a right to be involved in these decisions.
We experience and understand the world through signals that are received by the senses and interpreted by the brain - and both stages are subject to distortion.
It was easy for us to find Jane.
It was a strange chance that we met there again.
The meeting will have finished by the time we get there.
By the time we got there, he had left.
By the time we got there, the ship had left.
When we arrived at the house, Chin and Chilla were sitting at the top of a broad flight of stairs.
Do you remember the day when we saw the accident?
We had scarcely arrived at the Institution for the Blind when I began to make friends with the little blind children.
It began to rain heavily just as we got to the gate.
She turned up just as we were starting our meal.
The meeting will have broken up by the time we arrive.
To know where we are is important.
Do you remember the day when we first met Dick?
The bus had already left when we got to the bus stop.
When we put magnets on the pigeon's heads, what was the reaction?
That we met in Paris was a fortunate accident.
The train left just as we arrived at the platform.
It was too late for us to do anything else.
We have a magnificent view of the ocean from our hotel room.
It had already got dark when we arrived at the hotel.
Our decision to go to Portugal was quite arbitrary.
What we need most is your attendance.
It was a real challenge for us to go down the cliff on a rope.
Therefore it is important for us to be aware of other forms of politeness.
A book, if read through, may be said to be cheaper than anything else.
I remember the happy days we spent together.
The day will come when space travel becomes possible.
It is already five years since we began to study English.
The train had already left when we got to station.
No sooner had we reached the station than it began to rain.
He will be wondering what we are doing.
The day will soon come when we can take a trip to Mars.
There is no problem that we have to solve.
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.
He looked after our dog while we were out.
The lesson which we learned was never to trust anyone.
Not a day goes by without our hearing of an environmental problem.
Hardly had we come home when it began to rain.
We made for a pond at the foot of the hill.
You are welcome to the use of our house while we are away on vacation.
Society will be better if we work together.
To our surprise, Betty won the trophy.
To our surprise, Emi won the 400-meter race with ease.
To our surprise, he won the grand prize.
To our surprise, her prediction came true.
The lion began to roar as we approached.
At the time we got married, his parents had already died.
My father bought this house for us when we got married.
We married seven years ago.
It is already ten years since we got married.
The day will come when we can travel to the moon.
We watched him until he was out of sight.
Of all the houses we've looked at, this one is by far the best.
There are lots of things for us to think about.
There is nothing to prevent us from going.
We found the boy fast asleep.
The higher we went, the colder it became.
It seems that there is no way out of our difficulty.
No sooner had we sat down than she brought us coffee.
The first thing we did was look at the pandas.
Do you remember the day when we first met?
I remember the day when we first met.
We had not finished our work before the bell rang.
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.
That we will win the game is certain.
It is by reading newspapers and books that we can keep up with the time.
The house in which we lived was torn down.
The hotel room where we stayed was shabby.
We had hardly started when it began to rain.
The house was in good order when we left.
Our meeting was purely accidental.
Hardly had we started when it began to rain.
Scarcely had we started out before the sky became overcast and down came the rain again.
I'll never forget the day when we first met.
The day when we first met was a rainy day.
Do you remember the night when we first met?
It is true that we desire to live in a small town.
We all try to get together at least once a year.
It's time for us to go to bed.
As we need fresh air, so fish need clean water.
It's important for us to think about the future of the world.
Your help is necessary to our success.
We need plants in order to live.
As soon as we are born, the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units.
The hotel where we stayed was very comfortable.
You must be the temporary we asked for.
Our delay was due to traffic congestion.
When we arrived, the lecture had already begun.
Just imagine that we can fly like birds.
The plane we boarded was bound for San Francisco.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
How long had you been waiting when we arrived?
The day when we will arrive falls on Sunday.
It is easy for us to speak Japanese.
It is easy for us to agree with his opinion.
It was not easy for us to find his house.
By the time we reach his town, he will have moved to his new house.
I think it impossible for us to beat him.
It happened that he was ill in bed when we visited him.
There are a lot of problems we can't avoid.
To our great disappointment we failed to carry out intention.
The sort of information we need is not always available.
When we entered the room, he stood up.
Didn't you notice us going out of the room?
He was being taught English by his brother when we called on him.
He had been working on his novel for six months when we visited him.
The next morning, to our great relief, he returned home safe and sound.
It's good for us to eat vegetables every day.
Whether we play tennis tomorrow depends on the weather.
It was because he was ill that we decided to return.
We got three times as many people as we expected.
There are more people than we expected.
Our father used to read us happy stories when we were small.
It is doubtful whether we shall be able to come.
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.
Lake Biwa could be seen from where we were standing.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
Who'll take care of the dog while we're gone?
The thief broke into the house while we were away.
There is another question too that we must discuss.
We were awed into silence when we heard the story.
Let's play by ourselves.
We'll carry it to the barn.
Why don't you go to school with us?
Will you play tennis with us?
Why don't you come along with us to the party?
Can you go with us?
How about taking a walk with us?
Why not have dinner with us?
Won't you go out to lunch with us?
Will you tell us a story?
All we can do is carry on the work until we finish it.
To us, school was a place to get away from as soon as possible.
Health is the most precious thing we have.
The important thing to us is a friend.
We admired his wisdom, not to mention his courage.
We have plenty of time to do that.
We have vast amounts of unused information.
We have a right to live wherever we want to.
We have thirteen clubs.
I have two sons. One is in Nara and the other in Tsu.
We have lots of things to do.
We have a holiday cottage in Denver.
We still have masses of work.
We had no water to drink.
We have a lot of assignments for the summer vacation.
We have the right to live where we please.
We have run out of sugar.
We need a sample in addition to materials.
Don't forget that we have homework.
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
We had a little water.
We had little water.
We went by the shop without noticing it.
We have no secrets from each other.
These books have defined and shaped our culture.
Will you sing some English song for us?
Sing us a song, please.
By all means stop in to see us.
Whoever comes to see us is welcome.
There are a number of things we can do to protect our environment.
Our work is all over now.
Would you mind taking a picture of us?
There is food enough for us.
We need mental skills, not manual ones.
Thank you for lending us the book.
You may as well tell us the truth.
This is all the air that is available to us.
Any one of us could do it.
There are few routines in our office.
Our first lesson today is English.
Something funny is always happening in our class.
There are forty-seven students in our class.
Our class has twenty-five boys and twenty girls.
Our class were all glad to hear it.
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High."
Our class is made up of students.
Our class has a meeting once a week.
Our class is a small one.
Our class went on an excursion to Hakone.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
Can you persuade him to join our club?
Whoever wants to join our club will be welcome.
Our club will hold its monthly meeting next Wednesday.
We welcome you to our club.
Our club activities are always spoiled by his behavior.
Our group consisted of five persons.
Your impetuous remarks about us seem to have rung down the curtain on our good relationship.
I think it is about time we changed our ways of disposing of waste.
Our garbage is collected three times a week.
Could you take our picture?
You were considerate not to disturb us.
All we should do is wait and see what he'll do.
Not all of us are against her idea.
The odds are even that our team will win the game.
I think it certain our team will the win the game.
Our team is likely to win the game.
I'm sure that our team will win.
I heard the news that our team had won.
I think it certain that our team will win.
Would you like to join our team?
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
Our team won their match yesterday.
Our team gained a great victory.
Our television has been out of order for more than a week.
We had unexpected visitors.
Won't you look in on us?
Our bus collided with a truck.
There is a fine view from our balcony.
Our picnic was altogether spoiled by the rain.
Our picnic plates are made of plastic.
The pupils of our eyes contract in sunlight.
Each one of us should do his best.
Who is that boy running toward us?
Our boat won by two lengths.
The end of our trouble is in sight.
Our rocket is being built.
Our stay in London was too short.
Do you agree to our proposal?
There is a gulf between our opinions.
Our athletic meet took place only three days ago.
Our fate depends on your decisions.
Our English teacher is at once strict and kind.
Our English teacher is always on time.
Our English teacher put emphasis on pronunciation.
Our school trip was spoiled by an unusual snowfall.
Our hypothesis is based on thorough experiments.
We overlook the bay from our house.
Our house commands a beautiful view.
We have two unused rooms in our house.
There is a garden at the back of our house.
Our house is large enough for five of us.
Our house is nice, but I still miss the old one.
Our house faces the beach.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
They say our house is too small by Western standards.
Our house stands by the road.
Welcome to our home.
Our household expense got into the red last month.
Even in our family not all of us are of the same race.
What do you think happened to our family?
It is in this room that our meeting will be held.
No other woman in our company is so proud as she.
We lost out to our rival in price competition.
Our conversation always ends in a quarrel.
Our conversation opened, as usual, upon the weather.
How about asking her to join our trip abroad?
Our school encourages sports.
Our school did away with uniforms last year.
We wear uniforms at our school.
An athletic meet is held at our school every day.
Our school has twenty-four classes in all.
Our school has ten classes.
Our school has nine classes.
We have a boxing club in our school.
Our school has about one thousand students.
We have a nice school library.
The youngest teacher at our school is not so young.
An article about our school appeared in the newspaper.
There is a big park near our school.
The principal of our school is an American.
Our school library has many books.
Our school library is small, but new.
Our school's gym is under construction now.
Our school is right across the river.
Our school accepted three Americans as exchange students.
Our school starts at 7:15.
Our school begins at eight-thirty.
Our school was not the same size as yours.
Our school is famous for its club activities.
Our school is ten minutes' walk from here.
Our school stands in the village.
Our school has broken up for the summer.
Our school stands on the hill.
Our school stands on a hill, so we can see the town.
Our school is surrounded by a healthy environment.
Our school stands near the park.
Our school stands on a hill.
Our school is years old.
Our school is fifty years old.
There are more girls than boys in our school.
Our school is in the center of the town.
Our school is larger than theirs.
Our school was founded in the 20th year of Meiji.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
There seems to be a difference in outlook between us.
Our train went through a long tunnel.
Our guest is waiting for us downstairs.
Our vacation will soon come to an end.
Our classroom was kept tidy.
Our plan hasn't the ghost of chance.
In our plans, we failed to take the weather into account.
Are you agreeable to our plan?
Our plan will work out well.
Let's keep our design dark for a short time.
Everything is going well with our plan.
Our plan went wrong from the beginning.
Our plan resulted in failure.
Our plan didn't work in practice.
It goes without saying that our plans depend on the weather.
He would go fishing in spite of our warning.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
Whatever we decide must be approved by the committee.
Are you dissatisfied with our decision?
Our wedding anniversary is coming soon.
Our constitution was drawn up under American guidance.
We call our dog Pochi.
Our exchange students are leaving Japan next week.
Our principal does no teaching.
Our idea did not work in practice.
An overwhelming part of our behavior is learned.
Would you please call off our trip to Hong Kong?
At our high school, French is an elective.
Our high school decides to adopt a new teaching method.
There are about students at our high school.
The gradual ruin of our country has to be stopped.
In our country we seldom open gifts in the presence of the giver.
We love our country with every grade of love.
Our country desires only peace.
Our first class is math.
Our best efforts availed us little.
Our top priority is to settle the dispute once and for all.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
Our business calls for a lot of people.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
The zoo in our city is large and new.
Our city is getting bigger and bigger.
Our city doesn't have enough public institutions for the aged.
Our thought is expressed by means of language.
Our thought is expressed by means of words.
All our attempts were in vain.
Our dog was run over by a truck.
Our office is on the northern side of the building.
Our office is located the center of the city.
Our office is located in the center of the town.
What passes for leisure in our society is actually time-consuming.
Please accept our heartfelt apologies.
Let's see if our cars have enough gas.
Our car ran out of petrol after ten minutes.
Our car is three years older than yours.
Our car met theirs near the station.
Our car ran out of gas after ten minutes.
Our chief concern should be the aging of society.
Our letters crossed each other.
He works too slowly to be helpful to us.
Let's keep beautiful nature around us.
Our meeting was quite accidental.
It's time to leave.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Our paths have crossed very often.
Our request for a pay rise was turned down.
Our boss looks over every paper presented to him.
Our ship was approaching the harbor.
Our plane took off at exactly twelve o'clock.
Our plane was about thirty minutes late.
The plane we were aboard was flying over the Pacific toward Wake Island at a height of 3,meters.
She got in at p.m.
Our office is very comfortable with air conditioning.
All our food was rotten.
Our diet is full of variety.
It is in April that our school years start.
What do you think of our new abode?
We went about in the woods.
It is bold of him to refuse our offer.
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
We have a lot of English books in the library.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
Let's try to make our world better.
Do not leave our generation without hope.
Our characters are completely different.
Changes in society come from individuals.
Our success, after all, is due to his earnest efforts.
Our success depend on your efforts.
Our success was, in the main due to his efforts.
Our life depends largely on oil imported from other countries.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
If you compare our product with others, you'll see ours is far better in quality.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
I do not know the woman talking to our teacher.
Our teacher is well spoken of.
Our teacher is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Our teacher frequently overlooked the names of people on the list.
Our teacher looks very young.
Our teacher always tells us that keeping up with world events by reading the newspaper is very important.
Our teacher is not always kind to us.
Our teacher is always cool.
Our teacher is in a good temper.
Our teacher ordered Jim to go home at once.
Our teacher demonstrated the experiment in chemistry.
Our teacher hates his students to ask questions while he is giving a lecture.
Our teacher must have studied English hard when he was a high school student.
Our teacher permitted us to use a dictionary during the test.
Our teacher sometimes speaks quickly.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
Our teacher is punctual for the classes.
Our teacher began singing a song well.
Our teacher tried to use a new method of teaching English.
Our teacher is a sincere person, so I look up to him.
Our teacher is fresh out of college.
Our teacher looks young for her age.
Our teacher was a beautiful lady, but was not the type of person who dressed up.
We sail for San Francisco on Monday.
When our ship entered the port, she was no better than a raft.
I like both plays in our anthology very much.
The scene lying before us was very beautiful.
What is that in front of us?
There is a suspension bridge ahead of us.
There lie many difficulties before us.
We saw a castle ahead of us.
Our ancestors came to this country years ago.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
There were fewer children attending school in our village in than in 1965.
Many of us are hostile to the consumption tax.
Any student in our college can use the computer.
Our university consists of eight departments.
Our university graduates 1,students every year.
We came to the conclusion that the ideology was behind the times.
Can you name anyone that we know who is as talented as he is?
As far as we know, the earth is the only planet to have oceans.
None of us is so foolish as to believe that he was telling the truth.
There is not one of us who does not want to help you.
None of us are against his idea.
None of us are against her idea.
Why don't you join our party?
It is to your advantage to join us.
If our advice had been acted upon, you would not have got into trouble.
What happened to our order?
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter.
A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it.
There are many parks in our town.
There is a library in our city.
There is a large lake near our town.
There is a large river near our town.
Our city was covered with smog.
Our town is on the East Side of the river.
Our town is notorious for its muddy roads.
Our garden has two cherry trees.
There are a lot of beautiful roses in our garden.
Our suggestions were, in effect, almost the same.
Our suggestions met with his opposition.
Those who buy this comic book in our store are mostly junior high school students.
Our electric heater did not work well.
For all our efforts, things have not turned out better.
Nothing has resulted from our efforts.
There were black clouds over our heads.
The rest of us are to stay behind.
Much of our daily living must consist of routine that requires little or no mental effort.
The difference in our ages is not significant.
There is no end to our troubles.
Our confidence in him is gone.
We haven't changed how we think of her.
Our plane took off from Narita two hours late, so we missed our flight in Hong Kong.
Our plane is flying over the clouds.
Our plane took off exactly at p.m.
Our plane leaves at noon, arriving in Okinawa at 1:30.
Let's clean our room.
We did everything for our part.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
Let's decide on the places we'll visit.
Our monthly income has to cover food, rent, clothing, transportation, and so on.
Our dream has come true, at last!
What is that big building in front of us?
The purpose of our trip is to visit friends and see some tourist spots.
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
We have two tall players in our baseball team.
Our baseball team is very strong.
Our team defeated them by 5-at baseball.
Will you join our baseball club?
If it weren't for our friendship I would be miserable.
Our friends are anxious to return to Chicago.
A thief broke into the house while we were away.
The weather favored our travel.
What happened to our food?
Our pointer took off after a big deer.
The man who lives next door to us is a famous actor.
Our neighbors were compelled to sell their houses.
Our train left at two, arriving there at seven.
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.
Our train arrived on time.
Our train was an hour late because of the heavy snow.
Our love affair was as short-lived as a soap-bubble.
Our words are potentially ambiguous.
Our planet moves in space with the lightness of a bird in flight.
We were flying about six hours.
We buy CDs.
We've been waiting for hours for you to show up!
We are looking forward to hearing about your trip.
We're a mixed group and I never knew who was a Serb, a Croat or a Muslim.
We like Green stadium.
We get on and off the bus here.
We came to the conference knowing this, but it seems that you did not.
We are leaving this country for good.
We insist that during the next three days you make decisions which are fair to all generations and which show an active concern for the environment.
We have been discussing minor matters; it's high time we began talking turkey.
We enjoyed ourselves at a sukiyaki party.
We need not attend the meeting.
I studied hard to enter the school.
We held a meeting with a view to discussing the problem.
We will move into our new house next month if it is completed by then.
We never thought of it as impossible to carry out.
We have to hire a room to hold the party in.
We are basketball players.
We passed the time playing pachinko.
We regard Dr. Brown as the best heart specialist in the United States.
We have found the Messiah.
We should be more talkative.
We should be more careful to recycle more trash.
We are not too young to tell what love is like.
We played baseball until it was too dark to see the ball any more.
We are doctors.
We have isolated one patient from the rest.
We talked cheerfully over a cup of coffee.
We like music.
We study music.
We stayed with them all through the summer.
We absented ourselves from school.
We went to Gifu.
I climbed the mountain last summer.
We gave the church another coat of paint.
We have heard of your success in the exam.
We must cut down our expenses.
We waited at the scene of the accident till the police came.
We saw a stranger enter the house.
We got stuck in a traffic jam, which made us twenty minutes late.
We hired a boat by the hour in the park.
We must go there whether we like it or not.
We went hunting in the forest and caught two deer yesterday.
We went shopping in Shibuya yesterday.
We visited Yokohama on business.
We like children.
We saw the children enter the room.
We have a right to demand a safe future for ourselves and future generations.
We know that we are all people of one world.
We try.
We didn't know what to do next.
We should not impose our opinions on other people.
We can derive pleasure from books.
We go to Odawara castle.
We found to our joy that all the crew were alive.
We ordered some new books from abroad.
We found it difficult to walk in the deep snow.
We are human.
We all wish for permanent world peace.
We walked along the busy street, singing old songs.
We were destined to get married from the time we were born - Not!
We talked in a low voice so as not to wake the baby.
We learned that the earth goes around the sun.
We take a rest at noon.
We heard the explosion and saw the house burst into flames.
We have the question whether he did it by himself or not.
We found out where he lives.
We were thoroughly satisfied with his work.
We are his sons.
We know the fact that she was born in Canada.
We could not but weep at the sad news.
We usually have lunch at noon.
We should save wild animals.
We learned that oil floats on water.
We are different from animals in that we can speak.
We ran a hundred-meter dash.
We went on board at ten.
Although we waited until ten o'clock, Bill never showed up.
We won the match by to 4.
We have been good friends for ten years.
We talked till after eleven o'clock.
We graduate from high school at eighteen.
We're going to the party in eighteenth century costumes.
We have lived in this town since 1960.
We arrived at the hotel an hour ago.
We camped there for a week.
We paid an account of dollars.
We are giving the first prize to a Japanese student.
We hired a rent-a-car by the day.
We feed our dog three times a day.
We must sleep at least seven hours a day.
We own a dog and a cat.
We met in Europe a few years ago.
We are living in the latter half of the twentieth century.
We had a short vacation in February.
We alternated two hours of work and ten minutes of rest.
We walked for two hours.
We intended to stay there about two weeks.
We are taking a fortnight's holiday.
Both of us want to see the movie.
Both of us are from Tampa.
We are both in the same class.
We lost by two points.
We were never to see her again.
We believe there was an accident at the corner two days ago.
We keep two goats.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We lost the game 3-0.
We stood talking for half an hour.
We have to pay taxes by March 15.
We lost the game 3-2.
We moved here separately three years ago.
We returned to Osaka on April 2.
We're going to set off at four.
We stayed roommates for four years.
We have a soccer tournament in May.
We were to be married in May but had to postpone the marriage until June.
We felt dead from the five-hour trip.
We are to get married in June.
We will get married in June.
We are to meet at six.
We are to eat at six.
We have lived in Tokyo for six years.
We were to have met there at seven.
We ate breakfast at seven.
We arrived on the morning of the seventh.
We went camping in August.
We reached school at eight-thirty.
We will be studying at the University of San Francisco in September.
We have to be at work by nine.
We exchanged greetings.
We have a party tomorrow evening.
We are going to cycle to the lake tomorrow.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
We are very grateful for what you did.
We are anxious for news of your safe arrival.
We will keep you informed of things that happen here in Japan.
We have come to pay you a visit.
We're hoping you'll support us.
We cannot thank you enough.
We are happy to see you again.
We are grateful to you for your kindness.
We are awaiting your answer.
We'll take your feelings into account.
We are in favor of your plan.
We are thankful for your kindness.
We were delighted to hear of your success.
We waited for you all day long.
I have been instructed to take you to the airport.
We all stand by you to the last.
We believe in that man.
We went in search of an apartment.
We drove too fast to enjoy the beautiful scenery.
We have too many classes.
We import grain from the United States.
We import flour from America.
We went to church every Sunday when we were in America.
We have lived in the U.S. for ten years now.
We are not Americans.
We prepared snacks beforehand.
We put all the resources to use in writing up this paper.
We passed by the door of a certain unfurnished room.
We were held up for two hours on account of an accident.
If we see any utility in a plant, we help it to grow.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
We were made to copy some English words.
We found trouble everywhere.
We were welcomed at every turn.
When will we get there?
We'll welcome you at any time.
We will be together forever.
We'll always be friends.
We usually talked in English.
We always spend our vacation by the sea.
We used to meet on our way to school.
We always begin with the hardest problems.
We are always moving with the earth.
We always looked down on him.
We may fall ill at any moment.
We looked for our lost puppy, but in vain.
We sat round the fire.
We appointed Mr Wood chairman.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
We have given Edgar Degas a voice that we hope suits him.
We can cut down on our use of energy.
We went up and down in the elevator.
We are speaking on behalf of the young people of Australia.
We are Australians.
We are looking forward to our uncle's visit.
We arrived home late.
We must stop using ozone-depleting chemicals immediately.
We need some money.
We are short of money.
We are going to look into the disappearance of the money.
We work to get money.
We ought to love one another.
We love each other.
We enjoyed talking with each other.
We looked at each other.
We need to help each other.
We must help each other.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
We have corresponded with each other.
We should try to understand one another.
We got a little bored with each other.
We should be kind to each other.
We could understand each other.
We conversed until late at night while eating cake and drinking tea.
We were chatting over tea.
We should get to Chicago by lunchtime.
We are hungry.
We stood on the brink of a cliff.
We went skiing in Canada.
We visited quite a few places.
We went down a river by canoe.
We failed to persuade him.
We had a narrow escape from the explosion.
We played soccer yesterday.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We had a good time at the beach yesterday.
We cleaned our classroom yesterday.
We discussed the new plan yesterday.
We played baseball yesterday.
We're fed up with your complaining.
We have no school today.
We conducted our investigation with the greatest care.
We're classmates.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
We talked over a cup of coffee.
We discussed our plans for a trip to Italy over coffee.
We had a chat over a cup of coffee.
We talked about the question over a cup of coffee.
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
We can play either tennis or baseball here.
We came by several small villages on our way here.
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.
We are about to leave here.
I have seen his glory.
We have no choice but to carry on.
We shall never forget helping each other like this.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
We must tear down this house.
We are the students of this school.
We are inclined to forget this fact.
We have overlooked this important fact.
We used to swim in this river a lot.
We went to a dance last Friday.
We have lived in this town for five years.
We have dealt with this store for years.
We must read this book again and again.
Can we reach a consensus on this issue?
We have to take this problem into consideration.
We must deal with this problem.
We mustn't give way to these impudent demands.
We have supplied those families with food.
We cannot put up with their rudeness any longer.
We knew that Columbus visited America in 1492.
We acted the story of Columbus.
We took part in the contest.
This is the mildest winter that we have ever experienced.
We cannot deal with such a difficult problem.
This is how we make ice cream.
We need a signed receipt.
We only have simple wants.
We eat soup with a spoon.
We are soccer players.
I went through a lot of trouble.
We ate sandwiches, cakes, and so on.
We learned at school that Shakespeare was born in 1564.
We saw Jane swimming across the river.
We are going to invite Jane and Ellen.
We made friends with Jane.
We saw a jet plane fly across the sky.
We had a stopover in Chicago.
We followed the deer's tracks.
We often call America the land of liberty.
We often make mistakes.
We often talked about Japanese politics.
We had a chat for a while.
We were going to play chess for some time.
We talked for some time.
We rested for a while.
We took a rest for a while.
We have eaten no meat for several days.
We listened to her for some time.
Having walked for some time, we came to the lake.
Having walked for sometime, we came to the lake.
We elected Jim captain of our baseball team.
We all went to the party except Joe.
We wandered round the shopping center.
We haven't seen each other for such a long time.
We fitted ourselves out for skiing.
We went to the mountain to ski.
We put the skis on the top of our car.
Chance has thrown us together at a skiing resort.
We were able to start catching fish soon.
We lost no time hurrying to the spot.
We must appoint a new teacher soon.
We lost no time coming out of the shop.
I caught up with them soon.
I telephoned her at once.
We enjoyed skating.
We ate steak and drank wine.
We have already learned English.
We've already had a family commitment.
We've already done our work.
We had a wonderful weekend.
We had a lovely meal.
We had an oral exam.
We were soaked to the skin but very happy.
We want to learn some Spanish songs.
We like English the best of all our subjects.
We should try to treat everybody with justice.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
We went for a scenic drive as far as Lake Superior.
We need the receipt Mr Smith signed.
We have a lot of work to do.
We rested there for an hour.
We spent happy days there all the summer.
We got on the bus there.
We caught some large fish there.
We stayed there for three months.
We met him on the way there.
We had no choice but to go there.
We searched for the two boys everywhere, but neither could be found.
We were surprised at the big lion.
We clashed on that matter.
We transported the computer to the office.
We enjoyed watching the TV.
We were in a hurry then.
We never got a clear explanation of the mystery.
We are surprised at the news.
We are delighted at having been invited.
We had already sent the letters of invitation to the party.
We could not tell the twins one from the other.
We checked out of the hotel at ten.
We will take part in the marathon.
We are supposed to know the rules.
We applauded the performer.
We were excited by the sounds.
We painted the house green.
We had known the painter before he became famous.
We continued negotiations with the company.
We were looking at the picture.
We pushed the rock hard in vain.
We should understand the underlying premises.
We put the desk by that window.
We made the most of the opportunity.
We took part in the discussion.
We are tired of the professor's old joke.
We are in on the project.
We agreed to the plan.
We gave up the plan.
We decided to carry out the plan.
We have to think over the plan.
We saw him the night that we went to see the play.
We were disillusioned with the result.
We are disappointed at the results.
We are not quite satisfied with the result.
We must appeal to public opinion about the matter.
We debated the matter at length.
We named the dog White.
We have made use of the laboratory.
We must find out the cause and get rid of it.
We saw the old building pulled down.
We swam in the lake.
We were surprised at the sight.
We make the most of the opportunity.
We put up at an inn at the foot of the mountain.
We exerted ourselves to finish the job.
We saw the child get on the bus.
We stopped the child from getting into mischief.
We gave blood to help the child.
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.
We had to learn the poem by heart.
We won the match.
I'm afraid we'll lose the game.
We will have to postpone the game.
We were excited to see the game.
We spent a good deal of money on the project.
We were witnesses of the accident.
We can apply this rule to that case.
I have not heard from her since then.
We attempted the experiment.
We insisted on its importance.
We translated the novel from Japanese into English.
We know absolutely nothing about the bird's life whatever.
We restrained the boy from breaking the window.
We were amazed at the excellence of the boy's drawings.
We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.
We had a friendly talk with the gentleman.
We are very grateful to those people.
We named the boat the Half Moon.
We have got used to that noise.
We went down to the valley where the village is.
We bought the man's house.
We beat the man up.
We help the news to be true.
We were astonished at the news.
We were surprised to hear the news.
We arrived at the city, where we stayed for a week.
We came to the town, where we stayed for a week.
We let the bird fly.
We had no choice but to wait for a while until the store opened.
We were ignorant that the store was closed on Thursdays.
We run the store jointly.
We want to do the sights of the city.
We have to dispose of the land.
We should confine the discussion to the question at issue.
We walked ten miles that day.
We named the cat Mimi.
We were startled at the explosion.
We should have paid attention to the announcement.
When the program finished, we switched the radio off.
We played on the beach.
We sat in the center of the room.
We were surprised at the sound.
We succeeded in settling the dispute.
We considered the report as false.
We must consider every aspect of the problem.
We'd better take up this issue immediately.
We should consider the problem from a child's point of view.
We should look into the problem.
We consulted them about the problem.
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.
We were sorry for the old couple.
We thought it was a nice plan.
We assume that it is natural.
Each of us took hold of one end of the table and carried it to a corner of the room.
We had a heated discussion about it.
We won't be able to learn all of the words by heart.
We are always conscious of the signs.
We have the exclusive right to sell them.
We had a long discussion as to what to do about it.
We anticipate it with much pleasure.
We believed it to be a flying saucer.
We watch it and laugh a lot.
We will make it public.
We knew it all along.
We call it the Evening Star.
We took strong measures to prevent it.
We usually have our main meal of the day in the evening.
We danced about the fire.
We export a lot of automobiles to that country.
We got on like a house on fire.
It happens that we have two copies of Catcher in the Rye.
It happens that we have the same birthday.
It happened that we were on the same train.
We played a good knife and fork.
Each of us has something in us that longs for a sense of oneness with others.
All of us have an interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
We had a good time playing chess.
We tried to make the most of our chances.
We are the champions.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
We found the key at last.
We danced to the disco music.
We enjoyed the dinner to the full.
We placed a white tablecloth over the table.
We walked on the banks of the Thames.
The guide said that we had better set out as soon as possible.
Heaven knows we've done everything we can.
We will take part in a tennis match.
We hope to organize a tennis club.
We saw a funny program on TV.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
We watched a new program on television.
We had to do without a TV set.
We can hardly imagine our daily life without television.
We are watching TV.
We enjoy watching TV.
We slept in a tent.
We heard the door close.
We painted the door green.
We didn't know what to do.
Finally, we got to the Mississippi.
We finally got to the summit.
We took the cross-channel ferry from Dover to Calais.
We are liable to be lazy.
We go to the movies together once in a while.
We sometimes swim in the lake.
We sometimes make mistakes.
Where shall we get on a bus?
Where can we get what we want?
We didn't know which bus to take.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
We had a very vigorous debate.
We were so excited that we couldn't sit still.
We went up so high that we could get the whole view of the city.
We were very tired, so that we stayed home.
We were very tired.
We were very tired, and to make matters worse, it began to rain.
We consider Tom honest.
We think of Tom as an honest man.
We have made friends with Tom.
We had Tom paint the wall.
We are giving Tom a party on his birthday.
We elected Tom captain of the team.
We had a good time playing cards.
We have to defend our country at any cost.
We are apt to watch television, irrespective of what program is on.
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks.
We discussed what to do and where to go.
We managed to get through to each other.
We have to use every means to persuade him.
We came through a busy street.
We learned that Newton discovered the law of gravitation.
We were caught in a shower.
We were sitting peacefully at dinner, when all of a sudden the lights went out.
We enjoyed singing songs at the party.
We went to the party and had a pleasant time.
We were not invited to the party.
We went ahead with the plan for the party.
We celebrated his birthday with a party.
We cut the pie in two.
We go to school by bus.
We got to the station in time to catch the bus.
We may have missed the bus.
We hurried to catch the bus.
We chartered a bus.
We are using a new process to make butter.
We rely on Patty because she never breaks her promises.
We saw a patrol car running at full speed.
We are watching a class at the Paris Opera.
Not only did we go to Paris, but we also visited Rome.
We studied the road map of the country around Paris.
We will travel to Los Angeles by way of Hawaii.
We live on bread and rice.
We made brochures at small cost.
We sang in chorus to the piano.
We live within easy access of Heathrow.
We adore picnics.
We pigged out on pizza and beer.
We cry when we are very sad.
We waited for the news with a lot of anxiety.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
We usually play tennis after school.
We got many grapes.
We learned Russian instead of French.
We think Venice a fascinating city.
We chose Henry captain of our team.
We'll cross the river in a boat.
We went to Boston, where we stayed a week.
We checked in at the hotel at p.m.
We should save money for a rainy day.
We have to save money against a rainy day.
The first thing we should do is write and thank your brother-in-law for his hospitality.
We must, first of all, be careful of our health.
We look forward to seeing you again.
We had words again last night.
We have yet to know the truth.
We're going to come again.
We will know the truth before long.
We agreed to leave soon.
We worked like so many ants.
All of us like you very much.
We all regard Thomas Edison as a great inventor.
All of us were excited with the result of the experiment.
We all wear uniforms to school.
We are all looking forward to seeing you.
We all hummed to the music.
We were all present at the party.
All of us listened to the music as if we were charmed by the moonlight.
We were all present at the meeting.
We all wish for happiness.
We will all stand by you to the last.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in exams.
We all consider it wrong to cheat on the test.
We all helped with the harvest.
We are all eager to know the truth.
All of us looked through the window.
We were all surprised at the news of his death.
We all took him to be a great scholar.
We were all surprised at the news of her death.
All of us stared at her.
All of us stared at her; she had changed so much.
We are all liable to disease.
We all hope for peace.
All of us stood up.
We were all anxious for your return.
All of us must die some day.
We played all together.
We all enjoyed the film.
We all made preparation for the meeting.
All of us were surprised at the news.
We all searched high and low for the missing documents, but they were never found.
We are all apt to be careless at times.
All of us were happy at the table.
We all make mistakes.
We all live on the earth.
We were all anxious for his first return in ten years.
We are all convinced of his innocence.
We are all convinced of his success.
All of us were silent.
We all caught flu, and so did the teacher.
We chose Mary a good birthday present.
We walked another hundred yards.
We decided to lie hidden for a few days.
We have been studying English for three years now.
I reckon we'll see him once more.
We ought to leave now.
We'll soon be happy, won't we?
We've been here long enough.
It seems to me that we should go now.
Hadn't we better go now?
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
We ought to have talked it over much earlier.
We need to study more.
We were late, owing to the heavy snow.
We will be seeing you again before long.
We managed to bring him around to our way of thinking.
We were sitting comfortably.
We mix with the good, not with the bad.
We should distinguish a good book from a bad one.
Please keep in mind that we have to be with other students.
We would often give each other little presents.
We often eat lunch together.
We often enjoyed going to the movies.
We used to play in the park.
After much consideration, we accepted his offer.
We used to talk about our future.
We would often go swimming in the river.
We often went fishing in the river.
We often compare Japan with Britain.
We would often talk about our future.
We had a sound sleep.
We turned on the radio.
We listen to the radio.
We ate some apples.
We had dinner at a restaurant.
We went to a restaurant.
We entered the restaurant and had lunch.
We entered a restaurant and discussed the energy crisis over our dinner.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
We cut off the rope.
We are having a nice time in Rome.
We went to Rome, where we stayed a week.
We arrived at a hotel in Rome.
We called Robert "Bob".
We flew from London to New York.
We got to know each other in London.
We went to see a comedy in London.
We use only the best brand of wine.
We set up our tents before dark.
We sang around the fire when it got dark.
We will reach London before dark.
We will reach Tokyo before dark.
We saw something white in the dark.
We went in after the guide.
We lived in Paris before.
We are better off than we used to be.
We could accomplish what we had started before.
We used to live in Kobe.
We want the committee to work out this problem.
We want the committee to work out the details.
We are the great communicators.
We'd better call the doctor.
We cannot go any farther without a rest.
We listened carefully in order not to miss a single word.
We walked together as far as the next station.
We had always been close.
We joined in on the chorus.
We enjoyed singing songs together.
We were eating lunch together.
We must work hard.
We have to do the work in a day.
We generally drink tea after a meal.
We saw the first star shining in the sky.
We were made to stand in line.
We queued up for the bus.
We depend upon the river for the supply of water to drink.
We didn't eat out this evening only because it was raining hard.
We'll start as soon as it stops raining.
We were going along in the rain.
We went out in spite of the rain.
We do not become good drivers by concentrating on driving as such.
We're in the same boat.
We are flying above the clouds.
We're going to the movies.
We are going to the movies. Come with us.
We cannot live on it forever.
We enjoyed swimming.
We learned that English is an international language.
We make not a few mistakes when speaking in English.
We learned how to read English.
We must study English.
We had good time, learning English.
We parted at the station at three.
We reached the station on time.
We live close to the station.
We hurried to the station only to miss the train.
We stayed at a hotel in front of the station.
We lost almost all our away games.
We sailed from Yokohama to Kobe.
We received a warm welcome.
We enjoyed listening to the music.
We stopped talking so that we could hear the music.
We were alive to what was going on.
We need something to eat.
We must have something to live for.
We managed to get some foreign stamps.
We lack nothing.
We waited for hours and hours.
We hoped some students would come, but there were none in the classroom.
We have carried on a correspondence for years.
We went to the coast for our summer vacation.
We camped there through summer vacation.
We saw all the houses pulled down one after another.
We have just bought two pieces of furniture.
We must keep up the family traditions.
We set out for home.
We sat around the fire in a circle.
We kept the fire burning.
We hurried in the direction of the fire.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
We loaded our baggage into the car.
We are given to regretting our past.
The moment we met, we fell in love with each other.
We will debate this subject at the meeting.
We delayed the meeting for a week.
We thought the meeting was going to be short, but it actually went on for almost three hours.
We had to put off the meeting.
We sat at the back of the hall.
We swam in the sea.
We walked along the beach.
We glutted ourselves with lobsters and other seafood.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in examination.
We are all born mad.
We all agree with you.
We threw the ball in turn so that everyone could have a try.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in the examination.
We have been watching your negotiations.
All of us want to live as long as possible.
All of us talk in English.
We all mourned for the people killed in the accident.
We are all eager for world peace.
We all long for our graduation.
All of us know him well.
We all wished for peace.
Why aren't you going to the sugar shack? Because we're all busy.
We must learn a lot about foreign countries.
We go to school to learn.
We were caught in a shower on our way from school.
We learn a good deal at school.
We have to wear school uniforms at school.
We study English at school.
We learn English at school.
We had an early lunch at school.
We hurried for fear we should be late for school.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
We met in front of the school.
We spent a lot of time on our lessons.
We went to school by bus.
We must go to school.
We were caught in a shower on the way to school.
We are students.
We made a check of the student' records.
We have not seen each other since our school days.
We saw a joyful sight.
We cheerfully discussed the matter over a drink.
We have agreed on the rate of discount.
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.
We must try to protect the environment.
We were made to practice three hours a day by the manager.
We often use gestures to convey simple messages.
It won't be long before we can live together.
We are apt to make mistakes.
We may have made a mistake.
I am afraid we are advancing in the wrong direction.
We bought a round table.
We sat in a ring.
We're willing to help you.
We should obey the rules.
We must conform to the rules.
We have the ability to remember.
We fulfill our obligations.
We started a campaign against smoking.
We had a good time at a coffee shop.
We ate a quick lunch in a coffee lounge.
We ate lunch in a coffee lounge.
We went on a picnic to the hill.
We decided on a trip to Singapore for our vacation.
We are back in school again after the holidays are over.
We are making plans for the holidays.
We enjoyed our holidays to the full.
We sought the shade to rest.
We camped there over the holiday.
We used to go to the seaside on holiday.
We were in a hurry.
We ate a hasty meal and left immediately.
We need not have hurried.
We climbed a sharp slope.
We are crying.
We couldn't help weeping.
We saw the waiter coming through the door.
We make milk into butter.
We bought a grand piano which took up half of our living room.
We walked up and down the streets of Kyoto.
We were associated in the enterprise.
We are afraid.
We are living in fear, we are suffering, we are not enjoying the sun and flowers, we are not enjoying our childhood.
We must clean our class.
We tried to figure out the problem our professor had given us, but it seemed confusing.
We walked along a narrow path.
We'll have to talk this matter over in the near future.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
We played catch in a park near by.
We insisted on rich and poor being treated alike.
We deposit money in a bank.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
We met her brother at the shop by chance.
We met her by accident.
We are accustomed to wearing shoes.
We cannot help missing you badly.
We have the same problems as you.
Let us give you a piece of advice.
We require your help.
We are anxious for your success in the examination.
We'll go along with your suggestion.
We lost sight of him in the crowd.
We are brother and sister.
We'd better not change the schedule.
We have to change our plan.
We found it hard to change the plan.
We met Mrs. Brown at the theater.
We must make up our minds, and soon!
We will become happy in the long run.
It is thirty years since we married.
We are dating with a view to marriage.
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
We are related by blood.
We learned that the moon goes around the earth.
We often eat foods which are harmful to our health without knowing it.
We keep three dogs and a cat.
We named the dog Pochi.
We see what we expect to see.
We climbed the steep slope.
We climbed up the steep mountain.
We should never use an atomic bomb again.
We should make use of atomic energy.
I went to the theater to see a modern drama.
We express our thoughts by means of languages.
We use words to communicate.
We must respect the rights of the individual.
We saw some old houses pulled down.
We did so after an old custom.
We are trying to do away with the old customs.
We bought a used train car.
We learn about ancient Rome and Greece.
We had no notion of leaving our hometown.
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.
We went on a picnic at the lake.
We walked along the shore of the lake.
We went swimming in the lake.
As soon as we got to the lake, we started swimming.
We went fishing in the lake.
We have walked all around the lake.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
We walked about five miles.
We arrived at the station at five.
We consoled each other.
We live many miles distant from each other.
We had to cooperate with each other.
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.
We sat down to dinner in opposition to each other.
We helped one another.
We met at two in the afternoon.
We were to have taken off at 4:p.m.
We were arriving in Chicago at 9:p.m.
We were studying all afternoon.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
It is easy for us to make many mistakes.
We alternated in cleaning the room.
We were held up for half an hour in the traffic and so we arrived late.
We know how to get around traffic congestion.
We took a back road to avoid the heavy traffic.
We often played house in the park.
We happened to meet her in the park.
We got together in the park.
We sat on the bench in the park.
We ran around the park.
We took a walk in the park.
We must think further about public morality.
We act without fear or favor.
We took advantage of the good weather to play tennis.
We took advantage of the sunny weather to go on a picnic.
We must keep the law to live happily.
We've tried every conceivable method, but absolutely nothing works.
We criticized her for her behavior.
We came back by way of Hong Kong.
We study many subjects in high school.
We are high school students.
We tried hard to get first prize in the chorus contest.
We put up the flags on national holidays.
I have a black and a white dog.
We have to act now.
We've played a lot of matches this season.
We are still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
We still believe it true that he is innocent.
We cannot earn our bread with the present wages.
We are to pay back the money within the week.
We will have been studying English for five years next February.
We'll go on a picnic next Sunday.
We must adapt to today's harsh realities.
We are not speaking.
We are at home today.
We had an examination in mathematics today.
We are hoping to visit Spain this summer.
It looks as though we shall have to go without a holiday this year.
We are in for an unusually hot summer this year.
We have a party this evening.
We had better not stay up too late tonight.
We have been invited to dinner this evening.
We must look after her children this evening.
We are to meet him at seven this evening.
We are leaving for Hawaii tonight.
We should help people in need.
We pulled together to get out of hardship.
We had a casual meeting on the crowded street.
We saw Mr Sato leave the room.
I take my tea without sugar.
We saw what looked like an oasis in the desert.
We sat speaking this and that.
No sooner had we sat down than we found it was time to go.
We really hope another war will not break out.
We must develop the renewable energy sources.
We must develop renewable energy sources.
We are prepared for the worst.
We disputed the victory to the end.
We have to put off making a final decision until next week.
We were able to catch the last train.
We learned what we should do first.
We trained hard for the game at first.
We gain wisdom with age.
We had to go up and down the slopes.
We are great Tigers fans.
I did not read a book yesterday.
We played a baseball game yesterday.
We played tennis yesterday.
We played basketball yesterday.
We are to have met yesterday.
We had a chat over tea yesterday.
We had an examination yesterday.
We went to the play yesterday.
We had a fire drill yesterday.
We arrived here safely yesterday.
We worked on a farm last summer.
We met last year and hope to meet again next year.
We went to Hawaii last year for the first time.
We enjoyed the quiz show on television last night.
We attended the party last evening.
We enjoyed playing chess last night.
We went to the movies last night.
We had a good time last night.
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the movies, but we decided to stay home.
We got to Washington in time for the cherry blossoms.
We had three tries and failed each time.
We looked down on the plain from the hilltop.
We went halfway up the mountain.
We passed a night in a mountain hut.
We spread out and began to search through the woods.
We have to catch up on our work as soon as possible.
We have been enjoying peace for more than years.
We want to have a large family.
We have to put up with a lot of noise when the children are at home.
We kept the children quiet.
We accustomed our children to sleeping alone.
We have known each other since we were children.
We did everything for the welfare of our children.
We used to bathe in this river in our childhood.
We never lose a certain sense we had when we were kids.
We are tired of being treated like children.
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.
We met at a certain place in the city.
We are not all that safe.
We made an appeal for support.
We stood face to face with death.
We have to do something for the dead.
We came to the conclusion that we should support the movement.
We wondered what we could do.
We want to put our money to good use.
We named our dog White.
We chose Father as a neutral judge of our disputes.
We clean ourselves there.
We lost the game.
We exhausted our funds.
We couldn't carry out our project because of a lack of funds.
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident.
We were held up for two hours on account of the accident.
We are bound to make mistakes from time to time.
We have plenty of time.
We hired a boat by the hour.
We had better save our time and money.
We hired a bout by the hour.
We study according to the schedule.
Will we arrive on time?
We go fishing once in a while.
We see them on occasion.
We meet him on occasion at the club.
We go fishing together once in a while.
We read newspapers so that we may not fall behind the times.
We should do away with out-of-date customs.
We have to get off at the next station.
We are getting off at the next station.
We leave Japan at p.m. next Friday.
We must try our best lest we should lose the next game.
We hear with our ears.
We hear music with our ears.
We hear with ears.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We must keep nature in good condition.
We rented bicycles and saw the sights of Hagino.
We drove through village after village, until we got to our destination.
We must stand up for our rights.
We often express our emotions nonverbally.
We must take good care of ourselves.
We must cling to our faith.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
We have our dinner between seven and seven-thirty.
We must reflect on our failure.
We criticized the photographer for not rescuing the child first.
We should conform to the customs of society.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
We got into a car.
We got behind the car and pushed.
We are looking for a house with a garage.
We want a young man. As long as he is honest, any boy will do.
We must be loyal to our principles.
We watched the baseball game with excitement.
We can do nothing about it.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational backgrounds, for instance.
We have many things in common: hobbies, educational background, and so on.
We indulged in conversation and drink.
We speak English in class.
We have to meet the demand.
We made much effort to build the boat.
We rented the apartment by the week.
We gather here once a week.
We dine out once a week.
We are aiming at establishing the five-day workweek.
We used to visit each other on weekends.
We are looking for a nice house to live in.
We invited ten couples to the party.
We have to book in before twelve o'clock.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
We require much sleep.
We were fully satisfied.
We must move this statue very carefully.
We were unable to finish our homework in time.
We went out and never returned.
We put off the departure till tomorrow.
We have to get as much information as possible.
We're paid by the job.
We went to school under the cherry blossoms in spring.
Each of us read the book in turn.
We visited his home country for the first time.
We introduced ourselves to each other.
We can derive great pleasure from books.
We were bogged down in a morass of paperwork.
We cannot but rely on your help.
We ought to help each other.
It is necessary that we provide for the future.
We discussed our plans for the future.
We went down the river in a small boat.
We had to make the best of our small house.
We can hear the bird sing.
We grind wheat into flour.
We were made to stay in a small room.
We need a little sugar.
We made friends with at least ten Americans.
We should read one book a month at least.
We saw a boy run over by a truck.
We laughed and laughed.
We pushed ahead despite the obstacles.
We must always consider the public interest.
We should always be fully prepared for an earthquake.
We are fully aware of the importance of the situation.
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden.
We are badly in need of food.
We prepared our meals.
We can stay here for as long as our supplies of food and water hold out.
We have ample food.
We must work up a reputation.
We enjoyed the party to our heart's content.
We purchased a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
We're saving up to build a new house.
We came here to build a new town.
We thought out a new way.
We went out for some fresh air.
We need fresh air.
We know about daily events through the newspapers.
We have started to recycle newspapers.
We can not follow the latest topics without reading a newspaper every day.
We lost our way in the woods.
We went for a walk in the forest.
We must seek after the true, the good and the beautiful.
We reached London at midnight.
We talked on the phone until midnight.
We believe in the existence of God.
We believe in God.
We're close friends.
We should not depend on your parents.
We are liable to judge others by the clothes they wear.
We neither moved nor made any noise.
Although we may intend to judge a person on the basis of his or her personal qualities, they are not visible at first sight.
We skied on artificial snow.
We should make the most of every opportunity in our life.
We argued with something of the purpose in the life about.
We were given the privilege to use the liberty.
We know that water boils at degrees.
We can not do without water even for a day.
We've had several meetings.
We have come to know what is going on in the world faster and faster.
We have just returned from a trip around the world.
We should be headed for world peace.
We must carry out this plan by all means.
We were supplied with uniforms.
There is nothing for it but to wait and see.
We have the right to vote when we come of age.
We must separate politics from religion.
We tend to associate politicians with hypocrisy.
We must look to the government for a tax cut.
We have to learn the right things.
We must see the matter in its proper perspective.
We began our work at noon.
We have lunch at about noon.
We stopped working at noon.
We arrived there before noon.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
We eat so that we can live.
We are thinking of moving back home.
We are internationally competitive in production technology.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
We did our best to help him, but he didn't so much as say thank you.
We kept quiet.
We waited there quietly.
We must pay the tax.
We were in favor of reforming the tax laws.
We're friends from way back.
We have used up the coal.
We take part in Red Cross movement.
We always associate snow with skiing.
We saw the traces of a bear in the snow.
We had a snowball fight.
We were very busy last week.
We formed a circle around the teacher.
We grouped ourselves round our teacher.
We read the book after the teacher.
The other day, we chose Yoshida to be the catcher on our school's baseball team.
We enjoyed swimming in the river.
We found some dead fish in the river.
We went camping near the river.
We walked along the river.
We took a walk along the river.
We couldn't row against the strong current.
We went to the river.
We had to make a detour across a bridge down the river from here.
We held a farewell party in honor of Dr. Kawamura.
We crossed the waters in a boat.
We rode on a boat.
We were welcomed by the Captain.
We carried out the captain's order to the letter.
We like the present headmaster better than his predecessor.
We bought our plane tickets two months in advance.
We survived by sheer luck.
We have absolutely nothing in common.
We met each other again completely by accident.
We are trying a completely new method.
All of us climbed aboard quickly.
We were all present at her wedding.
We were all tired.
We are noisy as a whole.
We will do our best.
We should worship our ancestors.
We went to Hakata to visit my grandmother.
We had a wonderful time.
We are twins. People often mistake me for my brother.
We are encouraged to use our imagination.
We are agreed that we start early.
I take it that we are to come early.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
We must leave early.
We got up early and set about cleaning our house.
We lay on the grass.
We made statues out of wood.
We watched the game while holding our breath.
We got a hostile reception from the villagers.
We must pay regard to other cultures like ours.
We must try to be kind to other people.
We should respect the basic human rights of others much more their lives.
We should respect the right of others.
We should respect the rights of others, much more their lives.
We should respect the ideas of others.
We were more or less disappointed about the election.
We are more or less selfish.
We suffered from a great many troubles.
We held many negotiations but to no purpose.
We encountered many difficulties.
We asked many persons about the new store, but no one had heard of it.
We use a lot of water every day.
We are faced with a host of problems.
We went to the Tama Zoo.
We are flying over the Pacific.
We flew the Atlantic in a few hours.
We saw the sun rise above the horizon.
We saw the sun sink below the horizon.
We'll use energy sources such as the sun and wind.
We are banking on fine weather for the sports day.
We played basketball in the gym.
We waited but he failed to arrive.
We took care of our children by turns.
We slept by turns.
We took care of our horses by turns.
We will never forget the day the typhoon ruined the crops.
We got our roof damaged by the typhoon.
We went by way of Taiwan.
We have been assigned the large classroom.
We are keeping a big dog.
We live near a big library.
The heavy rain prevented us from going fishing.
We got to the top of Osaka Tower.
We took turns driving on the way to Osaka.
We felt the earth tremble.
We live in a big city.
We import a large quantity of food.
We heard somebody shout.
We use words to tell somebody something, that is, to communicate.
Everyone of us has something to do in the future.
All of us have some interest in history. In a sense, we are all historians.
None of us was able to answer the question.
We will give her a present on her birthday.
We were afraid that we might be hit by a bullet, so we ran downstairs.
We were welcomed warmly.
We spoke what we know.
We were shocked at the news.
We believed that the earth moves round the sun.
We should play a more active role in combating global warming.
We live on the earth.
We felt the ground trembling.
We walked around the pond.
We took a taxi so as not to be late.
We received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket.
We work by day and rest by night.
We're going out for lunch. Why don't you come along?
We watched TV after lunch.
We looked, but saw nothing.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
We have bread and eggs for breakfast.
We used to take a walk before breakfast.
We left home early in the morning.
We put up at a small hotel just on the edge of the town.
We took a direct road to town.
We have wanted to visit the city for a long time.
We have been good friends for a long time.
We haven't met for ages.
We were waiting for him for a long time.
We have a long and cold winter, but we know how to enjoy it.
We have known each other for years.
We've been mates for years.
We've been close friends for many years.
We watched a bird feed its little ones.
We live in that apartment just over the street.
We walked along the street.
We usually expect that trains will arrive on time.
We usually have a slice of bread and a cup of coffee.
We talked without the aid of an interpreter.
We found a poor little cat in the yard.
We grow vegetables in our garden.
We cleaned up our garden.
We were waiting for the shop to open.
We're very attracted to life in the countryside.
We should preserve the beauties of the countryside.
We talked over the phone.
Despite our efforts, we failed after all.
We worked on Saturdays, but now we don't.
We always play tennis on Saturday morning.
We are going to have a party on Saturday night.
We wear wool in winter.
We are free citizens with the right of vote.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
We were in the same class then.
We have decided to stay here for the time being.
Intellectually we know prejudice is wrong.
We saw the monkey at the zoo.
We take the same bus to work.
We study English in the same class.
We go to the same school.
We were born on the same day.
We're the same age.
We are in the same class.
We were at school together.
If we hadn't lost our way, we would have been here sooner.
We must've taken the wrong road.
We dance along the street.
We walked slowly along the road.
We did nothing in particular.
We should become unique, mature individuals.
We dissected a frog to examine its internal organs.
We go to the South of France for a change of air.
We are faced with a difficult choice.
We are becoming very aware of the dangers of secondhand smoke.
We watched the sun sinking below the horizon.
We covered kilometers in the car before it got dark.
We'll never reach London before dark.
It was not until I came to Japan that I ate sashimi.
We want to learn some Japanese songs.
We learned how to pronounce Japanese.
We speak Japanese.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We play catch in the park near our house on Sundays.
We often play cards on Sunday.
We will stay here until Sunday.
We have a cat and a dog.
We have a cat. We are all fond of it.
We get together once a year.
We become forgetful as we grow older.
The older we grow, the less we dream.
We are getting older day by day.
We visited Mito Park, which is famous for its plum blossoms.
We go downtown to do shopping.
We saw a mummy at the museum.
We clapped our hands.
We stayed overnight in Hakone.
We put vegetable seeds in the field.
We scattered seeds all over the field.
We have to stop him from drinking any more.
We hoped he would come and help us at once.
We expect him to come back soon.
We hope that he can go there.
We took it for granted that he would approve of the plan.
We suspect him of telling a lie.
We took it for granted that he would join us.
We appreciate his difficulties.
We noticed his reluctance to testify.
We came to the conclusion that he had been right.
We consider him honest.
We are sure of his honesty.
We love him all the more because he is honest.
We took it for granted that he would come with us.
We were amazed that he had gotten full credit.
We were glad to hear of his safe return.
We believed him to be innocent.
We have two pieces of evidence of his guilt.
We bargained with him for the house.
We were only too glad to see him.
We were told by him to leave the room at once.
We lured him away from the company by offering him a much larger salary.
We called on him for a speech.
We offered him the house for $300,000.
We let him keep the dog.
We offered him a nice job.
We showed him some pictures of London.
We tried in vain to talk him out of smoking.
We were disappointed in him.
We left him some cake.
We could not overtake him.
We gave a party in celebration of his 70th birthday.
We praised him for his wonderful performance.
We are going to hold a farewell party for him.
We went along with his plan.
We called on his aid.
We read the full text of his speech.
We are to meet in front of his house.
We are acquainted with his family.
We went to his rescue.
We emphasized the importance of his co-operation.
I think it better for us to adopt his plan.
We could not get at his meaning.
We got angry at his words.
We regarded his behavior as childish.
We agreed that his actions were warranted.
We ought to make allowances for his difficult situation.
We aided him in his business.
We congratulated him on passing the examinations.
We wondered at his display of magic.
We skipped his turn on purpose.
We accepted his invitation.
We attribute his success more to hard work than to genius.
We congratulated him on his success.
We were delighted to hear of his success.
We call his son Jimmy.
We estimated his losses at dollars.
We should have taken his advice.
We are expecting the issue of his book.
We are weary of his long talk.
We are awfully fed up with his long speech.
We agreed to his suggestions.
We were so shocked at his sudden death.
We must make allowance for his age.
We must allow for his age.
We might have underestimated his ability.
We have rejoiced over his discovery.
We were somewhat surprised at his strange question.
We could not but admire his courage.
We had great admiration for his courage.
We couldn't allow his claim.
We can hardly believe his story.
We took his story on trust.
We suspected him of lying.
We came to the conclusion that he is a genius.
They were seen to go out.
We thought it natural that he should get excited.
We didn't anticipate their buying a new car.
We have broken off relations with them.
We made friends with them.
We supplied them with food and clothes.
We were looking on as they quarreled.
We are anxious for their safety.
We chose a good present for each of their children.
We have not been notified about their change of address.
We gave way to their demands.
We invited him to our house.
We kept them quiet.
We have elected him chairman of the meeting.
We elected him captain of our team.
We think him to be very honest.
To what degree can we trust him?
We respect him as a good senior.
We elected him our leader.
We came to the conclusion that he should be fired.
We think little of him as a scholar.
We made him chairman.
We elected him chairman.
We lost sight of him.
We have no notion of attacking him.
We made him go.
We elected him mayor.
We look up to him as our teacher.
We gave him up for dead.
We regard him as our hero.
We made him our guide.
We made every effort to help him.
We look up to him.
We thought of him as a genius.
We must allow him his bravery.
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone.
We couldn't make out what she wanted.
We began to walk again as soon as she was recovered.
We found her a wise lady.
We love her, and she loves us, too.
We saw her enter the room.
We saw her dance.
We have no acquaintance with her.
We chose her a nice birthday present.
We could not convince her of her mistakes.
We felt sympathy for her.
We might have misunderstood her.
We gave a farewell party in honor of her.
We felt anxious for her safety.
We are anxious about her safety.
We went to her rescue.
We congratulated her on her engagement.
We have finished the work in accordance with her instructions.
We watched her drive her car away, until it was no more than a dot in the distance.
We could not find out her address.
We can not rely on her kindness.
We agreed to her suggestions.
We didn't take notice of her sorrow.
We were greatly amused by her story.
We were deeply moved by her story.
We nicknamed her "Ann".
We elected her captain of our team.
We chose her to be our leader.
We have known her for years.
We elected her chairperson.
We went to the station to see her off.
We elected her mayor.
We employed her as an assistant.
We call her a chef.
He said we must keep the secret.
We must provide the victims with food and clothes.
We are traveling to France by air.
We admired the beautiful sunset.
I suppose that what we mean by beauty is that object, spiritual or material, more often material, which satisfies our aesthetic sense.
We took the necessary measures.
We know the value of good health when we are sick.
We went swimming at the beach.
We went to see turtles on the beach.
We should not look down on poor people.
We know the time when we were poor.
We were poor, but we were happy.
We took turns telling tales of strange happenings.
We only just manage to keep afloat on my husband's small salary.
We admired the view of Mt. Fuji.
We usually eat with a knife, fork and spoon.
We usually sleep in this room.
We usually eat cooked fish.
We will give Father a birthday present.
We visited our father's grave.
We were just about to enter the room.
We kept quiet in the room.
We will keep the room warm.
We've only corresponded and never met in person.
We buy stationery in bulk.
We average hour's work a day.
We live in peace.
We should work for the cause of peace.
We are longing for peace.
We are anxious for peace.
We were longing for peace.
We walked along an avenue lined with trees.
We cultivate rice.
We shouldn't waste even one grain of rice.
We adopted an alternative method.
We go to school because we want to learn.
We go to school to study.
We understand the necessity of studying.
We are a conservative people.
We walked to the river.
We traveled on foot.
We celebrated Mother's 45th birthday.
We visited our old school.
We deceived ourselves as to the reward.
We play tennis after school.
We must keep law and order.
We must keep the law.
We are bound to obey laws.
We were swamped with visitors.
We take our high standard of living for granted.
We are too busy to be idle.
We should appeal to reason instead of resorting to violence.
We abhor violence.
We had to depend on trade.
We went sightseeing in Hokkaido.
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido.
We kept our books closed.
We really ought to buy a new car, oughtn't we?
We gather together every Friday.
We play football every Saturday.
We used to go skating every weekend.
We make it a practice to take a walk every morning.
We jog before breakfast every morning.
I play soccer every day.
We play tennis every day.
We watch TV every day.
We take a bath every day.
We study English every day.
We study English at school every day.
We have lunch at noon every day.
We communicate with each other by telephone every day.
We import grain from Canada every year.
We go camping every summer.
We go abroad every summer.
We hold an exhibition every year.
We study the past for the sake of the future.
We live in a democratic society.
We must fight for our democracy.
We were beside ourselves with joy.
We shall do this free of charge.
We had to stop over in San Francisco for two hours due to the fog.
We got lost in the fog.
We waited for our daughter to come to her senses.
We are anxious about our daughter's health.
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.
We will have to set out early tomorrow morning.
We'll visit you tomorrow.
We are to meet at seven tomorrow.
We are going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
We are supposed to take part in the athletic meet tomorrow.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
We're planning on doing the sights of the city tomorrow morning.
We have decided on leaving this town tomorrow morning.
We'll leave the house tomorrow morning.
We're going to leave tomorrow morning.
We are leaving early tomorrow morning.
We have no school tomorrow.
We are to go on a picnic tomorrow.
We are flying to Los Angeles tomorrow.
We are going on a school trip to Osaka Castle tomorrow.
We are going to see her in front of the station tomorrow.
We are looking for the boy and the dog that are lost.
We took shelter from the rain under a tree.
We shook nuts from the tree.
We stayed at a hotel surrounded by trees.
We see with our eyes.
We must get to our destination.
We lock our doors at night.
We arrived in New York at night.
We discussed the matter far into the night.
We talked far into the night over the phone.
We talked until two.
We got up at dawn.
We reached the top of the hills at dawn.
We went to the park to play baseball.
We played baseball.
We derive a great deal of pleasure from watching baseball games.
We bagged a wild bird.
We played games for about an hour and a half.
We walked for about kilometers.
We will have to call on our friends to help us.
I'm relying on my friend to turn in the report for me.
We went shopping with our friends.
We went to Hawaii for pleasure.
We had six guests to dinner.
Because it was dinnertime, we sat at the dining table.
We were seated at the supper table.
We played cards after dinner.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
We went out for a walk after dinner.
We started it again right after dinner.
We are usually at home in the evening.
We were drenched in the shower.
We met with an unexpected difficulty.
We spent more money than was expected.
We deliberated whether we should cancel the reservation.
We have no spare money.
We'll need an extra ten dollars.
We're old friends.
We have to conform to the rules.
We got ready.
We made a promise to meet the next week.
We were giving a concert the next day.
We visited Nikko the next day.
We will be living here next month.
We are leaving Japan next month.
We are supposed to hand in our papers by today.
We will visit our teacher next week.
We'll leave Tokyo for Osaka next week.
We will have learned English for five years next year.
We will have lived in Kyoto for eight years next March.
We must have something to fall back on.
We heard the crack of thunder.
We were late because of the storm.
I put up a small hut in the backyard.
We were rowing against the current.
We shook hands and parted at the end of our journey.
We thought it wise not to continue our trip.
We must take our pet into account when we make a trip.
We'll have been busy preparing for the trip.
We broke our journey at Tokyo.
We had lots of adventures on our trip.
We went to Paris in the course of our travels.
We made use of the maps during our journey.
We blamed parents for lack of love.
We obey our parents because we honor them and we love them.
We enjoyed the cool breeze that came from the river.
We are good friends.
We will never yield to force.
We get on well with our neighbors.
We were next-door neighbors.
We should remember that politeness doesn't function at the conscious level.
We got off the train.
We arrived at the station a half-hour before the train started.
We must provide for our old age.
We held a pleasant conversation with the old man.
We broke off our conversation.
We should furnish enough food for sufferers.
We tried to trap the fox.
We all regarded the situation as serious.
It was his story of adventure that charmed us all.
It is not the least of life's ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
All of us like her.
We were all tired, and to make matters worse, it started to rain.
Don't go too far ahead of us.
The guide who took us there was only ten years old.
We have a big stove which keeps us very toasty.
We celebrated the New Year with a party.
If you can put up with us, put us up.
He held out his hand to welcome us.
What puzzled us was that he said he would not attend the meeting.
Let us go, please.
I was wondering if you could help us.
The neon sign shone as if to invite us.
I proposed that a doctor be sent for.
Each of us has his own hobby.
There was food enough for us all.
He is the heaviest of us all.
Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even pin-money will go a long way.
We teachers are human just like you students.
We ourselves have to be responsible for the earth.
We ourselves decorated the room.
Our minds transform experiences into symbols.
There were enough seats for all of us.
All of us were homesick.
We adults shouldn't destroy the intelligent and creative capacity of children.
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
We see each other at the supermarket now and then.
Both of us began to smile almost at the same time.
If I were you, I'd put the money in a bank.
I wouldn't have worried about that.
I would see Mr White.
I'd like to confirm our reservations.
I could have done better than he.
I would behave more bravely than he.
She gave me a smile of recognition.
That's really stupid.
I love trying out new things, so I always buy products as soon as they hit the store shelves. Of course, half the time I end up wishing I hadn't.
I'm easygoing.
I'm the type that avoids risk like the plague.
I was surprised at her immediate recognition of me.
If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know.
Speaking.
Not I but my brother lives in Sendai.
It can't be judged in me.
Can I be of any service to you?
You and I have something in common.
I sat face to face with you.
For me, I like this better.
Sit down with me.
For my part, I don't like this picture.
For my part I have no objection to the plan.
For myself, the play was fairly interesting.
For my part, I have no objection to the proposal.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think it's true.
I, for my part, have nothing more to say.
As for me, I have nothing to say at present.
For my part, I have nothing to say against the new proposal.
For myself, I have wanted to live in the country.
For my part, I have no objection.
For my part, it doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
I, for one, don't believe what she said.
For my part, I don't care when the party is held.
As for me, I will not approve of the plan.
For my part, I have nothing to say about it.
For my part I hope it won't rain.
For my part I prefer to stay at home.
What do you say to playing tennis with me?
My relationship with Tony has lasted twenty-five years now, and I don't know whether to end it next spring or not.
By the time our long conversation was over, Mother was tired of standing.
Would you promise to keep in touch with me?
I don't think my boyfriend and I will ever make up.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
We have more customers than we can count.
We have two daughters.
Our Web site, http://www.example.com will tell you all you need to know.
We wish to quote a part of your paper in our new catalogue.
I have attached for your convenience the FTP instructions to access our site.
We hope to establish a closer relationship between us.
Our quote is the best effort we can make.
If our quote is inconvenient for you, please let us know.
Our office is on the 10th floor of Tokyo building.
May we draw your attention to our new products?
Our new product has received a lot of attention from all who have heard about it.
You can get further details of our products from our internet site, http://www.jpgarden.com.
I'm sending you $on my order No. by check.
We have asked you repeatedly to settle your outstanding account for the invoice No.1111.
We understand you always do your best to develop a market for our products.
We would be prepared to grant you a special discount of 5% for the quantity of sets of STL#3456.
We want to clear up this problem.
We expected better terms.
We have completely outstripped the other companies.
We provide broad services to the computer end users, based on our experience and technical expertise.
We are doing business with many countries.
Please join me in welcoming Dr Smith to our team.
I would like you to stay with me.
What do you say to taking a short walk with me?
Sing a song with me.
Will you go shopping with me?
Why don't you come with me?
Come along with me.
Would you mind coming with me?
As for me, I like this better.
The girl has to match me in skill.
You had best go with me.
Will you make up with me?
Would you like me to order the same thing for you?
I’m looking for a man like myself.
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
He is not any taller than I am.
You are no younger than I am.
He as well as I is a member of the club.
I agreed with him on the plan.
I have nothing to do with him.
He and I are kindred spirits.
I have much in common with him.
I always get along well with him.
I'm getting along with him quite well.
I am on good terms with him.
I have been acquainted with her for more than years.
I have a nodding acquaintance with her.
I'm through with her.
I get along well with her.
Walk abreast of me.
After parting from me, he approached the station.
She lies here beside me.
Love me, love my dog.
Will you have dinner with me?
I'd advise starting at once.
If I were you, I'd buy that one.
I would not meddle in such a thing.
I could have helped you with your work.
I can do it in half the time.
I feel not quite up to snuff when I meet my relatives.
Give me a glass of water.
There is no one to greet me.
Will you tell me how to get to your house?
Will you sell your car to me?
Please tell me your phone number.
Would you be so kind as to lend me your book?
Don't expect too much of me.
Don't push me around.
Can you lend me some money?
Don't ask me for money.
Please pour me a little tea.
Please make me some tea.
Leave me alone, please.
I was surprised to find five Suzukis in my class.
Please show me how to make cakes.
Get me a cup of coffee.
Please give me this pen.
Please show me this book.
Please answer this question for me.
If you need me, I'll be somewhere around.
Play Chopin for me.
Don't tell me what to do or not to do.
Let me fix the switch.
Let me carry your suitcase.
Will you knit a sweater for me?
Please let me try the game.
Bring me the dictionary.
Will you impart the secret to me?
Will you show me the book?
Get that book for me.
Let me do it.
I cannot see the advantage of doing that.
Leave it to me; I will to it.
Please let me try it again.
Let me have a try at it.
Please tell me what you know about it.
Don't ask me so many questions. Use your head.
I can make a distinction between good and bad.
Let me have a look at it, will you?
Let me take a look.
As for me, I am satisfied.
As for me, I like chicken better than pork.
Read after me.
Come into the room after me.
Follow me and I will show you the way.
If there's anything I can do for you, don't hesitate to let me know.
Is there anything that I can do to help you?
I am pleased to help you if I can.
I will do everything in my power.
There's nothing I can do about it.
Please reply to me as soon as possible.
All I can do is to do my best.
As far as I'm concerned the topic is worth discussing.
Two hundred dollars is a lot to me.
It makes no difference to me whether you come or not.
Do you think that money really matters to me?
You are all that is dear to me in the world.
This book is to me what the Bible is to you.
This book seems very important to me.
It isn't easy for me to play golf.
It is difficult for me to skate.
It is difficult for me.
It was sink or swim with me.
For me winter is rather something to be put up with than to be enjoyed.
The ultimate question for me is whether I like business.
My children are very precious to me.
It was exciting for me to go to the capital for the first time.
It is hard for me to keep early hours.
It's not easy for me to travel alone in Japan.
Nothing is more delightful for me than to talk with him.
It was hard for me to refuse his request.
To me, he is like a king.
She is dear to me.
Spare me the sympathy.
Will you pick out a tie for me?
I don't know what you want to do.
I have a friend whose father is an animal doctor.
To me skiing is far more interesting than skating.
I don't know what to think.
I don't have any sisters.
It seemed to me that there was no way out of our difficulty.
For me, time is not money.
I could not afford to pay back my debt.
I don't see what he says.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
I have the right to call my lawyer.
I have no means to get there tomorrow.
I have an outstanding debt of dollars.
He was silent for what seemed to me an hour.
I have two brothers and one sister.
I have two brothers.
I have three cousins.
I have three sons. One is in New York, but the others are in London.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
I have six mouths to feed.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
I have a friend who works for NASA.
It appears to me you are mistaken.
I have a brother of an age with you.
I have no time to help you with the work.
I don't know what that word means, but I'll try to find out.
It is too warm for me.
I have a friend who lives in America.
I have a few friends in the United States.
I have a friend who lives in England.
I have nothing to hide.
I wasn't happy, but it seemed reasonable that his prices should go up like everything else, so I agreed.
I have a lot of money and enough time to use it.
I don't even have a single girlfriend.
I'm a person with guts and a strong will.
I am pretty sure.
Don't mind me.
This math problem beats me.
I cannot lift this stone.
I have no strength to lift this stone.
Words fail me to describe the beauty of this landscape.
I cannot make out the meaning of this sentence.
I don't know this problem altogether.
This problem is difficult for me to solve.
I can't repair the computer.
It's all Greek to me.
I have lots of affairs to look after.
It seems to me that Mr Jones is good golfer.
I recognized him at once, because I had seen him before.
At best I can do only half of what you did.
I didn't have the sense to do so.
I have an identical twin.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
I could not image how cruel he was at that time.
The meaning is still obscure to me.
The meaning is unknown to me.
I'm game for it.
I don't know how to legally get around those regulations.
I can't figure out what the writer is trying to say.
I found the work easy, for I had done that kind of work before.
I don't feel equal to doing the work.
I'm not equal to doing the task.
I am not equal to the task.
I cannot afford the time.
I have no money to buy the dictionary with.
The man strikes me as being dishonest.
It is difficult for me to read the book.
The problem is beyond my grasp.
I don't know whether it is true or not.
I couldn't afford it. In other words, I was too poor to buy it.
I have no use for it.
It's beyond my comprehension.
I tried to convince him that I was perfectly capable of it.
I have my own way of solving it.
I have neither time nor money for that.
I can't afford to shop at such an expensive store.
I can't understand the psychology of such a man.
I have many hobbies - fishing and climbing, for example.
I have a friend to correspond with now and then.
That was all Chinese to me.
I just can't overlook his rude behavior.
I cannot understand this passage from the Bible for the life of me.
I'm afraid I can't afford to buy a new car.
I cannot quite understand it.
I didn't have the heart to tell him the truth.
I can't afford a car.
It was of great benefit to me.
I saw a little boy called Tony Evans.
I have an American friend named Tony.
What size do you think I take?
I can not tell Tom from his brother.
I don't know why he can live above his means.
I have an aunt who lives in Osaka.
I have a friend who is a pilot.
I have two children. One is a boy and the other is a girl.
I have a friend who works as a volunteer.
I have not had a chance to see that movie.
My unpaid liabilities are still $100.
I have a friend everybody trusts.
I've got no more to do.
I have another sister.
You are free to use this car, because I have another one.
I don't dig modern jazz.
I have a great deal to do.
I have several good friends.
I have an aunt who lives in Los Angeles.
I have a friend living in London.
I fail to see.
Please give me a hamburger.
I mean no harm.
I need the following items.
It doesn't make sense to me.
I don't have a single enemy.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
Please speak to me in English.
I have a friend whose wife is a pianist.
It seems to me that I heard a noise in the attic.
I didn't understand the meaning of the last line but one.
I have nothing to say.
I can hear nothing.
I have some American friends.
I have a family.
I have an important business to attend to in my office.
I have two foreign friends.
I have more money than I had last year.
I have an uncle who lives in Kyoto.
I have no money with me.
I am not going to take this lying down.
You are everything to me.
I can't afford such a good camera as yours.
I want a jacket shaped like yours.
I assume you're willing to take the risk.
It appears that you are all mistaken.
I have the same trouble as you had.
I have no other true friend than you.
I have no other friend than you.
I have a brother and a sister. My brother lives in Tokyo and my sister lives in Nagano.
I don't have any brothers.
I haven't many brothers.
Maybe I lack the talent for marrying.
I can't afford to buy an expensive car.
I have no face to turn to.
I have a lot of homework to do today.
Am I talented?
I have a friend who lives in Sapporo.
I have two sisters, both of whom are married.
I have three sisters; one is a nurse and the others are students.
Let me go my own way.
I have a friend to correspond with from time to time.
I have no time.
I have neither time nor money.
I hear from him every now and then.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
I do not have a red cent to my name.
I am free of debt.
I have no pen to write my letter with.
I have no home to live in.
I can't do it--not that a stronger person couldn't.
I have a lot of things that I must deal with.
I have nothing to write.
I have no pencil to write with.
I have nothing to write with.
I have some friends to help.
I can't understand the psychology of adolescents.
I do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I don't have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I had no time to eat.
I am free from care.
I cannot afford to buy a new bicycle.
I cannot afford to buy a new car.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
You may as well tell me the truth.
I am sure of success.
I am not cut out to be a politician.
I have no time to engage in political activity.
I have nothing to live for.
I have a lot of friends to support me mentally.
I can not understand the psychology of adolescents.
I have a previous appointment.
I dared not go forward.
It's double Dutch to me.
I don't have any change.
I have a lot of friends with whom to consult.
I have no one to go to for advice.
I have a son, who works for a trading company.
I have a son and a daughter. The one is in New York, and the other in London.
I have two children away at university.
It seems to me that someone is calling you.
I have three brothers.
I can not afford to buy a used car.
I can't afford to buy a used car, much less a new one.
I have two bad teeth.
I have a few friends to talk for a long time on the phone with.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
I can't afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
I have a lot of questions to answer.
I can seldom find time for reading.
I have a friend living in Nara.
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo, and the other in Nagoya.
I have two daughters and two sons.
I've no friend to talk to about my problems.
I can not afford to buy it.
I can't do as he told me to.
I have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime.
It appeared to me that he was very intelligent.
He must be the one for me.
It seems to me that he likes music.
I couldn't understand what he was getting at.
I can't make out what he says.
It seems to me that he is honest.
I can't get touch in with him.
He counts for nothing to me.
I didn't know what to say to him.
I owe him a debt.
I couldn't see through his lies.
I need his power.
I can't make out what he wants.
I'm amused by his idea of leisure.
I saw the white trail of his frozen breath.
It seems to me that he is too careless.
I love no other man so deeply as him.
I love no other man more deeply than him.
They look alike to me.
I could not catch a single word of their talk.
I can't make out what she wants.
I had no idea who she was.
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.
I understand her, but on the other hand I don't think she's right.
I don't know if her new shirt will go with her blue jeans.
I am responsible for her protection.
I have no one to confide in.
I can tell virtue and vice apart.
I have nothing to complain about.
I don't have any family to support.
I can't help thinking Father is still alive.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have a friend I correspond with.
I have a cousin who is a lawyer.
I have three cousins on my mother's side.
I have no time to read books.
I have a lot of work still outstanding.
It is impossible for me to do so.
I cannot appreciate the subtleties of the subject.
I'm not in the habit of staying up late.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have only leaves and apples.
I have no family to provide for.
I can't afford the time for a journey.
I have no friend to talk with.
I wonder if you could get me another beer.
Leave it to me; I'll see to it that you get a full refund.
Give me a glass of milk.
If I had the money, I would travel around the world.
Please let me know about it.
Give me some milk, too.
Give me the same, please.
I've had my ups and downs, but I've always managed to pull myself together.
Will you let me at it?
Let me have a try.
Can you recommend a good dictionary to me?
As far as I could make out, he was experimenting with new methods.
It is polite of this boy to greet me.
Let me say it once for all.
Please teach me English.
Could you direct me to the station?
I couldn't find a clerk to wait on me.
She raised her fist as if to hit me.
How could I resist?
Can I do anything?
Guess what happened to me.
Do you have any messages for me?
Give me something cold to drink.
Don't talk to me!
Please advise me what to do.
What did you expect me to do?
It's no use telling me anything.
My family is a large one.
It is very kind of you to come and see me.
In all honesty, I could not say the room allotted to me was comfortable.
It's a bit much to expect me to pay the bill.
I am responsible for the mistake.
As for me, I am not satisfied with the result of the examination the other day.
All is well with me.
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
As for me, I prefer beer to whisky.
As to me, I agree to the plan.
As for me, I have nothing against the plan.
As for me, I have no question.
As for me, I prefer coffee to tea.
As for myself, Saturday will be convenient.
As for me, I prefer fish to meat.
So far as I am concerned, I am not against his plan.
As far as I am concerned, I am not against your opinion.
So far as I am concerned, there is no objection to the plan.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned the question is not simple.
As far as I am concerned, the problem is not a simple one.
That's all right as far as I am concerned.
As far as I am concerned, I have no objection.
So far as I am concerned, you may leave whenever you like.
As far as I'm concerned, you can do what you like.
As far as I am concerned I can leave today.
As for me, I don't trust him at all.
So far as I am concerned, I have no objection to the plan.
As far as I am concerned, everything is all right.
That's all right, so far as I'm concerned.
As for me, I can't agree to his offer.
So far as I am concerned there is no objection.
As far as I am concerned, I have nothing to say.
As far as I'm concerned, I have no complaint.
He did it unbeknownst to me.
Please explain the rule to me.
This aroused my fears.
Please let me know.
It is no use asking me for money.
I wish I had wings to fly.
Please tell me your name.
My dog was taken care of by Lucy.
It was her that told me.
You might have told me.
If you ask me, she's a little unusual.
I think they sold you a bad article if ask me.
He acted fairly towards me.
Don't answer me back.
I saw a man coming toward me.
Let me go!
Do you have jeans in my size?
My job will only last two years at most.
Let me help you with your work.
My sister often takes care of the baby.
My sister got engaged.
Give me a sheet of paper.
Let me know your exam results.
Do you think it looks good on me?
She asked me to bring them.
My bike was stolen yesterday.
The man who is waving to me is my uncle.
Please write a letter to me.
Don't forget to write to me.
Do you wish me to help?
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
My hobby is skiing.
Let me repair it.
Follow me.
Teach judo to me.
All I can do is to give her advice.
I'll help you within the limits of my ability.
It is wise of you to ask me for advice.
Give me a few.
Could you spare me a little time?
A new room was assigned to me.
Please give me a glass of water.
Bring me a glass of water.
Please give me some water.
Give me some water, please.
It is very kind of you to give me your seat.
I'm going to have a baby.
He cut me dead.
You are barking up the wrong tree by asking me to betray my country.
Follow me and do exactly the way I do it.
I don't like the way he speaks to me.
His anger towards me has not softened.
Have you got 5,yen you could lend me?
As far as I know, he is American.
Will you draw me a map to show me the way to the station?
You can't expect me to make no misspellings at all.
Will you make me a paper crane?
He threw mud at me and made me dirty.
Please give me a call.
Let me know by telephone.
Have there been any phone calls for me?
I'll leave my number in case you want to call me.
Don't yell at me.
Leave it to me. I'll see to it.
Give me a blank sheet of paper.
The girl who gave me beautiful flowers was your sister.
He made me a suit.
I'm not interested in material gain.
She was a bit hasty in answering me.
I'll stay here if you really want me to.
Please let me know the truth.
I wish I could use magic.
It is a lot of fun to read his letter sent to me every month.
Speak in my behalf.
Ring the bell when you want me.
A good idea struck me.
You can get hold of me at the Yasesu Hotel.
The boy who spoke to me was a new student.
Will you tell me?
This has been the most awful day in my eleven-year-old life.
My sixty-year-old aunt inherited the huge estate.
I'm afraid you must have misinterpreted my e-mail of Jun 8.
My e-mail address has been changed.
My e-mail address will be as follows effective April 1.
My e-mail address will be changed effective Aug. as follows.
My e-mail address has been changed as follows.
Please take my advice.
My anorak, such as it was, stood me in good stead.
My apartment gets plenty of sunshine.
My apartment is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
Don't go too far ahead of me.
My American classes are more informal.
I'll show my album to you.
Keep my words in mind.
My house looks to the south.
The building was still there in my time.
I want you to meet my cousin.
One of my cousins is married to a novelist.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
My cousin is the last person to break his promise.
My cousin is a little older than I.
My cousin was familiar with trouble when he was young.
My cousin is good at doing magic tricks.
Did anyone visit me during my absence?
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
There will be a reward for the person who finds my dog.
I can figure out what he is trying to say.
Apparently my anti-virus software is not up to snuff.
Visit my webpage and find out more about me.
We call him Goro-san.
My father and I clear the table in my family.
My family is small.
Will you read my essay and correct the mistakes, if any?
My nephew was excused on the grounds of his youth.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
My motorcycle broke down on the way.
It's on me.
My grandpa is a lively and good-humoured man.
My grandfather hopes that I will enter college.
My grandfather gets up early.
My grandfather is a carpenter.
It has been ten years since my uncle went to Canada.
It is this watch that my uncle gave me as a keepsake.
My uncle has been dead for three years.
I wish my uncles were millionaires.
My uncle gave him a present.
My uncle lived to be ninety.
My uncle lives in the east of Spain.
My uncle was standing there with his arms folded.
My uncle, who lives in Paris, came to see us.
My uncle calls on me every three days.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
My uncle died of cancer.
My uncle works in this office.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle drives a Ford.
My uncle has a good knowledge of French.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
My uncle lives in London.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
My uncle was willing to agree to my suggestion.
My uncle keeps a dog.
My uncle died of cancer of the stomach yesterday.
My uncle asked me to take care of the chickens.
My uncle manages a firm.
My uncle has seen a lot of life.
My uncle has a large family to provide for.
My uncle teaches English in a college.
My uncle died of lung cancer.
My uncle is possessed of great wealth.
My uncle engaged himself in teaching cooking.
My grandma bent over to pick up a needle and thread.
My grandmother was a farmer.
My aunt is coming to Tokyo tomorrow.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.
My aunt inherited the huge estate.
My favorite flavor is chocolate.
Didn't I give you some money?
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
My father is very nice.
My mother said if I eloped, she would never forgive me.
My mother is beautiful.
I can't find my garment bag.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
My basket is under the table.
My canary was killed by a cat.
There is no money in my bag.
My bag is too old. I must buy a new one.
What have you done with my bag?
My camera was stolen.
Something's wrong with my camera.
My camera is much better than yours.
My camera is different from yours.
My camera is a Nikon.
My camera loads easily.
My camera is the same as your camera.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
My camera is waterproof.
I owe what I am today to my uncle.
My class is made up of forty students.
All the girls in my class are kind.
Half of my class like dogs.
All the students in my class are friendly.
Everybody in my class prefers skiing to skating.
All my class are hardworking.
My plan was adopted by them.
My coach said, "Failure teaches success."
There's a hole in my coat.
My coat has finally worn out.
My overcoat is light but warm.
Don't put sugar in my coffee.
I found my glass in pieces.
There was a message for me, wasn't there?
Don't have any worries on my account.
I don't think I really matter to you.
He doesn't care a bit about me.
Don't bother yourself about me.
Let me alone.
Please note my words.
Don't trouble about me.
Some people think I'm weak-willed.
Whatever you say about me, say it to my face, not behind my back.
Please don't misunderstand me.
Please don't laugh at me.
Do you remember me?
These clothes of mine are out of style.
The cloth absorbed the ink I had spilled.
As compared with his, my collection is nothing.
I'm looking for a coat in my size.
My jeans shrank in the wash.
My jacket is not the same as yours.
What shirt size should I have?
My shirt isn't dry yet.
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
I can't find my suitcase.
My skirt is too long.
My stereo set is inferior to yours in sound quality.
All of my strength gave out.
My socks aren't here.
Will you help me with this?
I sat by his side.
Sit beside me.
Keep your hands off my typewriter.
Something is wrong with my typewriter.
You might ask before you use my typewriter.
I can't find my duffel bag.
I appreciate your graciousness and efforts on my behalf.
Don't wait on my account.
Please don't take any trouble on my account.
Don't put off your departure on account of me.
Will you make room for me?
Would you mind calling him for me?
My duty is always before me.
My tape recorder is compatible with your amplifier.
All I can do is to work silently.
This is all I can do.
I like playing tennis, though I'm not very good at it.
My tennis hasn't improved in the slightest.
My TV set is almost years old, but it still has a good picture.
My knowledge of German is poor.
My watch doesn't keep good time.
My watch needs mending.
My harsh words bruised her feeling.
You're welcome to any book in my library.
Please drop by and see me.
My knife has such a fine edge.
My notebook is in the desk.
Bring my notebook back to me, please.
A girl opened the door in answer to my knock.
Would you like to come to my party?
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
What do you make of my pie?
Something was wrong with my computer and I couldn't get on-line.
I can't find my bag.
My punch sent him reeling.
My punch sent him reeling into the rope.
What did you do with my purse?
I've mine right here in my hand.
My box is twice as heavy as yours.
The price of my piano lessons includes the use of the piano.
My beard grows quickly.
My business is picking up again.
Who is it that is sleeping on my bed?
You may use my pen at any time.
My pen is very easy to write.
My pen is old. I want a new one.
My pen must be looked for.
Don't use my pen.
You may use my pen.
There are no faults on my part.
I, for my part, don't care.
I'm about ready to go.
My boyfriend seems serious.
My boyfriend is smart, handsome, and friendly too.
Three of my friends, besides me, were admitted to the bar.
Everybody was singing except me.
It happened that there was a hole in my pocket.
My host family gave me a hearty welcome.
My niece is attractive and mature for her age.
Bring me my glasses.
Get me my glasses.
My hens laid fewer eggs last year.
Please leave my things as they are.
I found your house with difficulty.
Do it your own way if you don't like my way.
My radio has broken down again.
My apples are gone.
Take my apples, boy, and sell them in the city.
Will you look over my report?
My robot's name is Multi.
My robot will prepare meals, clean, wash dishes, and perform other household tasks.
I do things at my own pace.
My love for my dog was very deep.
My dear little cat has been missing for a week.
From my position, I cannot see the tower.
My comment sparked off an argument in the group.
In my opinion, alcohol is not necessarily bad for your health.
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
In my opinion, we should pay more attention to the present state of affairs.
In my opinion, he is not fit for the work.
In my opinion, he's the right man for the job.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for one's health.
In my opinion, it's quite unsuitable.
My opinion differs from most of the other students in my class.
My opinion is different from yours.
My opinion differs widely from yours.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
My opinion is contrary to yours.
My opinion is a little different from yours.
My opinion is somewhat conservative.
I think otherwise.
My opinion doesn't count for much at the office.
My opinion is on the whole the same as yours.
My opinion is similar to yours.
My opinion differs from his.
My opinions are similar to his.
I cannot tell my opinion without provoking him.
I have a couple of pieces of evidence to support my opinion.
My intentions reached you clearly enough.
Don't lean on my chair.
The better half of my life is gone.
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
My oldest brother attended the meeting on behalf of our father.
My oldest brother is single.
My general impression is that it is very good.
What impressed me was the blue sky.
As for that soup, it was so hot I really couldn't drink it.
My driver's license will expire next week.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make myself understand in English.
Will you help me with my English homework?
My English teacher advised me to read these books.
My English is anything but good.
I could not make myself understood in English.
I assure you of my support.
My speech was greeted with cold silence.
There were no clerks to wait on me.
I can't find my vanity case.
My summer vacation is at an end.
The hill on which my house stands commands a full view of the city.
How long does it take you to go home from my house?
It is not far from my house to the station.
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out.
My family is under the control of my mother.
If you come to my house, I will tell you the story in detail.
It's true that a ghost appeared at my house.
There is little furniture in my house.
My house is covered by insurance.
I have only a small garden.
My house is fully insured.
Why don't you come to my house and play the piano?
Please come to my house.
When you can come to my house, please call me first.
The roof of my house is red.
There is an apartment house near my house.
There is not a store near my house.
There is a fine park near my house.
There are some shops near my house.
There is a school near my house.
There is a park near my house.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
There is a broad street near my house.
A small stream runs by my house.
There's a church behind my house.
My house is backed by woods.
It became quiet on top of my house.
There is a cherry tree in front of my house.
A new building is being built in front of my house.
There is a lake in front of my house.
There is a park in front of my house.
There is a tall tree in front of my house.
There is a shop in front of my house.
There is a bookstore in front of my house.
There is a post office in front of my house.
There used to be a garden in our yard.
The bookshelves are built into the walls of my room.
There is a small pond in back of my house.
A tall building was built next to my house.
My house is like yours.
My house is a two-story affair.
My home is on the eighth floor.
My house is beyond that bridge.
My home is in the country.
My house is five blocks away.
My house is a long way from here.
My house is comprised of these four rooms.
My house is on the outskirts of town.
My house is a little way from the street.
My house is just across the street.
My house is on the south bank of the Thames.
My house always shakes when a truck goes by.
My house faces a busy street.
My house is close to a bus stop.
My house is a mortgage-free house.
My house is within easy reach of the station.
My house is near the station.
My house is located at a distance from the station.
My house is ten minutes' walk from the station.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house is conveniently close to the station.
My house stands within easy access of the railroad station.
My house faces the sea.
My house, located on a hill, command a fine view.
My family is an old one.
My house is old and ugly.
My house is close to the park.
My house is in the suburbs.
My house stands by a tall tree.
My house is north of the city.
My house is big.
My house is close to the amenities of a big city.
My house is designed so as to withstand an earthquake.
My house has a small yard.
My house is near Tokyo Tower.
My house faces to the south.
My house seems small beside his.
My house is just across from the hospital.
My house is built of wood.
Please drop by my home.
Come to my house.
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?
My housework is to wash the dishes.
Please see my people.
All are happy in my family.
There are four members in my family.
There are four people in my family.
My family always keep early hours.
My family have lived here for twenty years.
My family liked the dog very much.
My family is not very large.
My family are all athletic.
My family are all very well.
My family are all in good health.
I have a large family.
My family goes to Italy every year.
I think I can do it in my spare time.
My suitcase is broken.
My baggage is missing.
My luggage didn't arrive. What happened?
What did you do with my baggage?
Have you received my baggage?
There are seven men and four women in my section.
My patience gave out.
I would be honored to give you a showing in my gallery.
At our company, the retirement age is 60.
My wish to go abroad is very strong.
Did anyone call me when I was out?
Any phone calls for me while I was out?
She called while I was out.
My cough is getting worse.
My town is by the sea.
My town is not what it used to be.
As far as I can remember, it was three years ago that we last met.
My school has a band.
There is a big park near my school.
My work at school was well above average.
My school is about ten minutes' walk from the station.
Since my school is large, I have to run to get from one classroom to another in a 5-minute break.
My students are few in number, no more than five altogether.
One of my pleasures is watching TV.
My briefcase is full of papers.
Charge it to my account.
My patience is worn out.
The majority of my patients come to me from out of town.
I was cut to the quick by her remark.
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
Somebody's breathing on my face. It's disgusting.
My prayers were answered.
My wish is to conquer this mountain.
My wish is to study painting in Paris.
Please interpret my strange dreams.
Don't lean on my desk.
There is an interesting book on my desk.
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly.
My desk is old.
My desk is old, but his is new.
My desk is made of wood.
It is not any different from what I expected.
My feelings underwent a change.
My prayer was answered.
My rule always was to do the business of the day in the day.
They are cousins, if I remember rightly.
His behavior, as I remember, was very bad.
My memory was at fault.
It turned out that my memory was largely correct.
My memory failed me. I just couldn't remember his name.
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.
You can depend on my older sister-in-law to help you with your homework.
In a sense, I am turning around the argument made by David Riesman in The Lonely Crowd.
My legs still hurt.
My holiday plan has fallen through.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and the others enjoy tennis.
None of my classmates live near here.
My salary doesn't allow us to live extravagantly.
My monthly wage is 300,yen.
I am paid by the week.
Last year my income was about five million yen.
You should not have done it without my permission.
You may as well know that I am a strict instructor.
My heart bounds with expectation.
Joy and grief alternate in my breast.
My interest quickened.
My home town is adjacent to the ocean.
Your achievements cannot be compared with mine.
My muscles ached from playing tennis too much.
Don't put your greedy hands on my money.
My shoes are gone.
I can't find my shoes.
My shoes are the same size as his.
My shoes won't bear wearing twice.
My shoes are old, but his are new.
My shoes will have to be mended.
My shoes want repairing.
My shoes need polishing.
How much will it cost to have my shoes repaired?
My socks are in need of mending.
My brother must be sick.
My brother uses this bike.
I as well as my brother am to blame.
He is my brother.
My brother earns half as much money as my father.
But for my brother's help, I would have drowned.
My brother's widow has married again.
Who is the woman talking to my brother sitting next to him?
My brother is working at a gas station.
My brother has many more good books than I do.
My brother lives in a small village.
After graduating from college my brother went to the United States for the purpose of doing further research.
My brother, being yet unmarried, did not keep house, but boarded himself and his apprentices in another family.
Both of my brothers are married.
My brother wants to go to the moon some day.
My brother is now in Australia.
My brother plays the guitar.
My brother is very good at playing the guitar.
My brother became a cook.
My brother smokes a great deal.
My brother doesn't go in for sports.
My brother is good at playing tennis.
My brother is so smart and witty that I can not beat him in an argument.
My brother is so smart and witty that I cannot beat him in an argument.
My brother is big enough to travel alone.
My brother says he isn't afraid of the dark.
My brother has a taste for music.
My brother wants to study abroad.
My brother is an engineer.
My brother became an engineer.
My older brother is a teacher.
My brother is healthy.
My brother was injured in the car accident.
My brother was killed in a traffic accident.
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.
My brother eats twice as much as I do.
My brother failed to pass the examination.
My brother was very pleased with the examination result.
My brother is out of work.
My brother is rich enough to buy a car.
My brother can drive a car.
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
My brother is good at mathematics.
My brother is a college student.
My brother's an authority on philosophy.
My elder brother is an authority on philosophy.
My brother had his pocket picked in the train.
My brother lives in Tokyo.
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.
My brother pretended to be working very hard.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
My brother is not busy.
My brother is arriving tomorrow morning.
He looks older than my brother.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
My brother works in a bank.
From my own experience, illness often comes from sleeplessness.
Words cannot describe the horror I felt.
As far as my experience goes, such a plan is impossible.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
I would appreciate it if you could agree to my plan.
Please don't interfere with my plan.
You must accommodate your plans to mine.
Are you against my plan?
My plan is to finish writing all the letters today.
My plan is different from yours.
My plan is to study in Australia.
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland.
My plan was rejected.
Will you go over my plan?
My plan is to buy a car.
My plan failed time after time.
I cannot stand you telling me all the time what my faults are.
What will you give me at my wedding?
My conjunctivitis is chronic.
My health is not equal to the voyage.
My health is none the better for my exercise.
My dog is wagging his tail.
My dog and cat live in harmony with each other.
Don't worry about my dog.
My dog is almost half the size of yours.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
My dog has a long tail.
My dog was run over by a truck. He was not killed, but his foot was badly injured.
My dog often lies on the grass.
My dog often pretends to be asleep.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
My dog goes to its house.
My dog lapped the water thirstily.
My dog is white.
I found my dog lying under the tree in our yard.
Don't worry about my dog. He won't do you any harm.
My dogs are white.
Patting me on the shoulder, he thanked me for helping him.
I had a notion to tell what I had seen.
In my estimation, he is an honest man.
As I see it, that is the best way.
I see great possibility in him.
My point of view is contrary to yours.
My bet is that John will get the job.
From my point of view, it would be better to wait a little longer.
What I want to say is this.
My point is a broader one.
Let me make plain what I mean.
Hear what I have to say.
This is all I have to say.
Correct me if I am mistaken.
Can you hear me?
Please answer me.
Listen to me carefully, and you will understand what I really mean.
Nobody believed what I said.
Listen to me carefully.
Listen to me, will you?
Do you see what I mean?
I mean it.
Please listen to me.
I'm right, aren't I?
You will do exactly as I say.
You can't go wrong if you are advised by me.
The time will come when you will understand what I mean.
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?
What I said hurt his pride.
Don't forget what I told you.
As you treat me, so I will treat you.
Am I making sense?
Do I make myself clear?
You see what I mean?
If you were really interested in what I'm saying you wouldn't be staring out of the window.
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words.
My words provoked her to anger.
I am sorry if my words hurt you.
I'm sorry if my words hurt you.
I didn't aim my remarks at you.
My remarks were not aimed at you.
Don't take my words ill.
Don't stick your nose into my personal affairs.
My home town lies miles south of New York.
My hometown is in the center of Hokkaido.
My home lies far across the sea.
My hometown is in the center of Kobe.
I heard a noise behind me.
Come along after me.
Repeat each sentence after me.
Please repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Please read after me.
Please follow me.
My sponsor was willing to agree to my suggestion.
I hope my mistake will escape his notice.
My mistake incurred his anger.
Please point out my mistake.
My favorite soccer player is Shinji Ono.
Tennis, my favorite sport, has brought me a lot of friends.
My favorite sport is soccer.
My favorite sport is skiing.
My favorite team is Inter Milano in Italy.
One of my favorite tunes was playing on the radio.
My favorite singer is THE ALFEE.
My favourite game is football.
My favorite song is Hungry Spider.
My taste is quite normal.
I have a predilection for beef.
My happiness depends on you.
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
In my opinion, you should take the exam again.
I think this politics means Serbs, Croats, and Muslims.
That isn't a good idea in my opinion.
To my mind, it was his mistake.
In my view, you are wrong.
To my thinking, business is improving.
In my opinion, permanent peace is nothing but illusion.
In my opinion, we need to diversify our assets.
In my opinion, he is wrong.
To my mind, the worst part of air travel is the hanging around in airport lounges.
In my view you should try the exam again.
You should try the exam again.
My idea is worth reading.
My idea is quite different from yours.
My ideas are different from yours.
My idea is different from yours.
My idea differs from his.
My idea went against his.
My thoughts are in agreement with them.
Let me say what I think.
Do it the way I told you to.
I'm not accountable to you for my conduct.
I am not accountable to you for my actions.
My behavior was very odd.
The food in my country is not very different from that of Spain.
My country is far away from Japan.
I owe what I am to your assistance.
I owe what I am today to you.
I owe what I am to you.
My left arm is asleep.
My worst vice is smoking.
My first task was to screen out unqualified applicants.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
My wife's taste in dress is contrary to my own.
When using the kitchen knife, my wife cut her finger.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
My wife wants me to do away with this nice old hat.
My wife was a Smith.
My wife did not attend the party and neither did I.
My wife really hates cats.
My wife took good care of this dog.
My wife is a poor driver.
My wife likes to eat out, so she doesn't have to cook.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
My wife is Chinese.
My wife showed excellent taste in decorating the room.
My wife is anything but a good cook.
Let me introduce my wife.
My crime seems unreal to me.
Please find me my wallet.
Will you please look over my composition?
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.
My dish-washing duties are a heavy burden.
Come under my umbrella, or you'll get wet.
Won't you share my umbrella?
I will help you when I have finished my work.
In my job I have to deal with all kinds of people.
I deal in facts and figures, not vague impressions.
I need some help with my work.
My day ends at o'clock.
My work is always feast or famine.
My job is taking care of the baby.
My work was to deliver pizza by motorcycle.
My work is not complete yet.
My job is teaching English.
My job is to wash dishes.
My work is finished.
I work as a museum attendant.
My work is to wash my father's car.
Don't hinder me in my work.
Are you willing to help me with that work?
Can you help me with my work?
Please give me a hand with my job.
You can use whichever pen I'm not using.
My mission is to photograph the documents.
In my beginning is my end.
Both of my sisters are not married.
Could you find a room for my sister?
My sister is in her twenties.
Both of my sisters are married.
My sister has a piano.
My sister likes melons and so do I.
My sister often looks after the baby.
My sister used to take care of the flower bed.
My sister is afraid of all doctors.
My sister sings songs very well.
My sister has a sweet tooth.
My sister is shorter than you.
My sister is married.
My sister married her high school classmate.
My sister is not a high school student.
My sister is very fond of children.
My sister likes classical music no less than I do.
My sister has three times as many books as I do.
My sister is a good swimmer.
My sister goes to a university.
My sister will have been studying English for ten years when she graduates from her college.
My sister became a college student.
My sister is engaged to him.
It is said that my sister is beautiful.
My sister usually walks to school.
My sister has her hair done each week.
My sister takes a shower every morning.
My sister plays the piano every day.
My sister isn't used to cooking.
Let me introduce my sister.
Seeing me, they suddenly stopped talking.
When he saw me, he ran away.
No sooner had he seen me than he ran away.
Please keep your eye on my child.
See that my children behave well at school.
My child is curious to know everything.
My child dislikes the dentist.
My children really like animals.
My children wear out their shoes quickly.
The population of my city is about two-thirds as large as that of this city.
I change my mind a lot.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
One of my teeth hurts.
Don't meddle in my affairs.
Please don't go out of your way on my account.
If you don't believe me, go and see for yourself.
My business is prospering.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
My office faces Fifth Avenue.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
My office is on the fifth floor.
My office is in the central area of the city.
Let my things alone.
Please leave my things alone.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
My time has not yet come.
My time is running out.
That was because my watch was five minutes slow.
My watch has been stolen.
It's four o'clock by my watch.
It is just nine by my watch.
It is ten o'clock by my watch.
My watch loses two minutes a day.
My watch loses three minutes a day.
My watch gains five seconds a day.
My watch is different from yours.
My watch is less expensive than yours.
My watch is running all right.
My watch is very accurate.
My watch gains one minute a day.
My watch loses five minutes a day.
My watch may be one or two minutes fast.
My watch is broken.
My watch is more accurate than yours.
My watch gains thirty seconds a month.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
My watch is not correct.
My watch needs to be repaired.
My watch needs repairing.
My watch loses three minutes a week.
My watch is accurate.
My watch isn't running right.
Something is wrong with my watch.
My clock is two minutes fast.
My watch gains five minutes a day.
My watch is waterproof.
He repaired my watch for me.
I had my watch mended.
My home phone number is, area code two-oh-one, one-two-three, four-five-six-seven.
When my bicycle hit the rock, the front tire blew out.
Keep your hands off my bicycle.
Riding my bicycle, the boy ran into a big rock.
My bicycle has got a flat tire.
My bicycle has gone out of commission.
My bicycle disappeared into thin air.
My bicycle is in need of repair.
My bicycle needs fixing.
You can use my bicycle.
Something has happened to my car.
My car is being repaired.
My dictionary is very useful.
There was no response to my question.
Please answer my question.
Answer me.
She made no response to my question.
He had the kindness to lend me his car when mine broke down.
I found my car missing.
I'll send you home in my car.
Let's go for a ride in my car.
Something is wrong with the engine of my car.
I couldn't meet him at the station because my car ran out of gas.
I wish I knew what is wrong with my car.
It was careless of you to lose my car key.
My car, which broke down yesterday, has not been repaired yet.
My car needs washing.
My car is equipped with a CD player.
My car is a Toyota.
My car is at your disposal.
My car is on its last legs.
My car is parked not far from here.
My car is German.
There is something wrong with my car.
There's something the matter with my car.
Where is my car?
Mine is an apology for a car.
My car won't start.
Although my car is very old, it still runs very well.
My car is not running.
My car is being fixed now.
My car needs repairing.
My car is under repair.
My car is large enough to carry five people.
My car is a used one.
My car broke down on the way.
My car is deficient in horsepower.
You may use my car.
I put my car at his disposal.
Don't interfere with me.
Don't stand in my way.
There is nothing to hinder me.
Will you forgive me the debt?
I heartily wish that in my youth I had someone.
I don't like heavy makeup on a young girl.
My primary concern is your safety.
My master inflicted hard work on me.
My hand came into contact with her hand.
My hands and feet were as cold as ice.
It was that dog that bit my hand.
My hand are benumbed with cold.
Don't let go of my hand.
I want to know if my baggage is going to arrive.
I want to know when my baggage is going to arrive.
Where do I claim my baggage?
My baggage was lost in transit.
I haven't my dictionary at hand.
I've got no answer to my letter.
My letter made Susie angry.
My letter should have reached him about this time.
My letter must have gone astray in the mail.
I asked him to answer soon after he received my letter.
This is at best the extent of my magic.
One of my hobbies is collecting old stamps.
One of my hobbies is making artificial flowers.
One of my hobbies is classical music.
My hobby is writing stories.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
My hobby is to collect beautiful butterflies.
My hobby is collecting coins.
My hobby is playing golf.
My hobby is playing the piano.
My hobby is music.
My hobby is listening to music.
My hobby is collecting foreign stamps.
My hobby is fishing.
My tastes differ greatly from yours.
My taste is quite different from yours.
My hobby is to collect old toys.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
My hobby is collecting insects.
My hobby is taking pictures.
My hobby is reading novels.
My hobby is stamp collecting.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
My hobby is to read.
My hobby is shopping.
My hobby is making model planes.
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.
My hobby is to cook.
Does my training qualify me to teach?
Always bring your notebook to my class, will you?
My income is barely enough to maintain living.
My income falls short of my expenditure by five hundred pounds.
My income is a far cry from his.
Please write down my address.
Just my old standby: lemon chicken.
The mere sight of the doctor made my cousin afraid.
When my uncle left for America, many people came to see him off at the airport.
My uncle has three children.
My uncle's handwriting is hard to read.
My uncle was the only person injured in the car accident.
My uncle met with a traffic accident yesterday.
My uncle went to Mexico in 1983, never to come back.
My uncle died of cancer two years ago.
My uncle is the manager of this hotel.
My uncle has a farm in the village.
My uncle can speak German.
My uncle lives in New York.
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.
My uncle is a veteran of the Vietnam War.
My uncle lived in Washington, D. C. for two years.
My uncle kept on drinking in spite of his doctor's advice.
My uncle deals in fish.
My uncle never writes letters.
My uncle was involved in the traffic accident.
My uncle is in charge of the third-year class.
My uncle, who lives in Osaka, visited us yesterday.
My uncle is very fond of fishing.
My uncle comes back from America next Monday.
My aunt has been dead for two years.
My aunt brought up five children.
My aunt looks young.
My aunt enjoyed good health all her life.
My aunt is older than my mother.
My homework is nearly complete.
My homework remains to be done.
Please give me a hand with my homework.
It's very kind of you to help me with my homework.
Will you help me with my homework?
Help me with my homework.
My cram school is a long way from here.
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.
My study is upstairs.
I can't find my briefcase.
Don't monkey around with my papers.
Call me up whenever you need my help.
My advice is to adopt a new line.
My girl friend ought to be here by this time.
The wound still hurts me.
My future is closely bound up with the finances of my firm.
My baby brother sleeps ten hours a day.
My promotion hangs on his decision.
Please let me introduce myself.
My boss is suffering from a bad cold.
My boss was satisfied with what I did.
My boss was forced to resign.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
The train I was on gathered speed.
I felt relieved when my plane landed safely.
My train left at six and arrived at ten.
My train started at seven, arrived in New York at 10.
My train leaves at seven, arriving in Tokyo at nine.
At my joke, the audience burst into laughter.
For me, reading at home is preferable to reading sitting beside strangers in a library.
I like autumn most.
My profession is policemen.
My business address is Fifth Avenue.
My appetite was large.
My belief is that he will succeed.
My bedroom is just above.
Please accept my sincere apologies.
Try out my reins and my heart.
My mind was blank.
My heart bounded with joy.
My mind is a blank.
My heart was filled with sorrow.
My mind is as bright and clean as a stainless mirror.
My heart stopped beating.
My heart began to beat fast.
I love my new apartment because it's very close to the station.
My new Alfa Romeo convertible is light red.
Please help me pick out a hat which matches my new dress.
Didn't I show you my new Mustang?
The living room in my new house is very large.
My new pair of shoes are made of leather.
Have you seen my new car?
My new address is as follows.
Is my new hair style funny?
How do you like my new suit?
My new book is not yet in print.
I wish my venture would work out.
I received a letter from him to the effect that he could not accept my offer.
Do you not accept my offer?
He announced my statement to be true.
Mr Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would very much like to meet you.
All my relatives live in this city.
When my old man kicked the bucket last month, he left me only enough money to pay my debt with.
My best friend always gives me good advice.
I'll tell you my story.
My body is not so flexible as it used to be.
My goal in life is to be Prime Minister.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
My life seems unreal.
My life is perfectly fulfilled.
My life is coming to an end.
My guess is that it will rain soon.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
I want to thank my host family.
I owe my success to your help.
My success is largely due to your help.
My success was largely due to luck.
My success was, for the most part, thanks to his efforts.
Thanks to your help, I have succeeded.
My success was due to your help.
I owe my success to my friend.
I owe my success to his help.
I owe my success to her assistance.
My grown-up son is studying abroad now.
My grades didn't come up to my father's expectations.
My grades had dived to the bottom of the class.
My grades were inferior to hers.
My grade is above the average.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
You'll want for nothing while I am alive.
My living expense is rising year by year.
This gold Rolex is an expensive watch alien to my lifestyle.
I will send you a tape of my voice.
At the sound of my voice, my dog pricked up his ears.
Many friends of my youth also came.
Please take me to my seat.
My seat is near the door.
Where is my seat?
My seat is on flight on Monday at a.m.
My seat is this window seat.
That's my fault.
On my own responsibility, I will go on with this plan.
I had it made after my own plan.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
Are you satisfied with my explanation?
My explanation may sound strange.
My explanation was not sufficient.
My teacher's instructions are always to the point.
My doctor has an excellent bedside manner.
My teacher has perfect trust in me.
My major is agriculture.
History is my major.
My special branch of study is sociology.
My major is medieval European history.
Where should I put my laundry?
Don't pick your teeth in front of me.
Don't get smart with me, or you'll get a black eye!
There were three people waiting before me.
My ex-boyfriend was brought up in Portugal.
I have buck teeth.
My grandfather's picture is on the wall.
My grandfather was quite a learned man for his time and place but he just wasn't cut out to be a businessman.
My grandfather died when I was a boy.
My grandfather was born in 1920.
My grandfather is still active at eighty.
My grandfather lived till he was eighty-nine.
My grandfather lived to be ninety.
My grandfather was part Indian.
My grandfather breathed his last on that night.
My grandfather is very hard to please.
My grandfather came over from Kyushu to Hokkaido.
My grandfather will be seventy this year.
My grandfather likes to walk.
My grandfather, being hard of hearing, often makes an irrelevant answer.
My grandfather likes looking at colorful carp in the pond on a fine day.
My grandfather will have read the Bible ten times if he reads it again.
My grandfather was a soldier during the war.
My grandfather keeps early hours.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
My grandfather made it a rule to take a walk before breakfast.
My grandfather lived a long life.
My grandfather led a moral life.
My grandfather is very fond of reading.
My grandfather is so fond of reading that not a day passes in which he doesn't open a book.
My grandfather is living on a pension.
My grandfather takes a walk every morning.
Both my grandfather and grandmother are dead.
My grandmother attributes her good health to active living.
My grandmother used to say that she would live to be a hundred, but she died at the age of 85.
My grandmother raised a family of ten.
My grandmother is still very active at eighty-five.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle.
My grandmother can ride a motorcycle, and what's more, a bicycle.
My grandmother likes to weave things.
My grandmother is in sound health and lives alone.
My grandmother gave me more than I wanted.
My grandmother lives in the country.
My grandmother is still vigorous at years old.
My grandmother goes for a walk in the evening.
My total income is far short of 300,yen a month, inclusive of extra earnings.
I am ashamed of my son having done so.
My son will take over the job.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
My son entered high school.
My son is engaged to his secretary.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
My son still believes in Santa Claus.
My son wants to be a professional golfer.
My son can neither read nor write yet.
My son wants to be a Lincoln.
My son is apt to be absent from school.
My son doesn't talk back these days; he must have turned over a new leaf.
My son can read a clock.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
My son is going to be a teacher.
My son took an early interest in politics.
My son is not a snob.
My son is subject to ill health.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
My son tried to become a rakugoka.
One of my sons is a teacher, and the other is a doctor.
My foot is small beside yours.
My body shivered with excitement.
My body cried for sleep.
My temperature is degrees.
My temperature was below thirty-seven degrees this morning.
My weight is kilograms.
I weigh about kilos.
They gave me a vase on my retirement.
I want you to take over the plan after my retirement.
Will you go in place of me?
Could you do this instead of me?
Will you go to the meeting in my place?
Will you go to the party instead of me?
Will you look after my children for me?
He attended the meeting in my place.
He will go to the meeting instead of me.
Write to him for me, Jan.
My university has a dorm.
My favorite music is pop music.
My first impression was that he was a tactful politician.
My birthday is coming near.
My birthday coincides with yours.
My birthday is in November.
My birthday is one month from today.
My birthday is on March 22.
My birthday is close to yours.
My birthday is a month from today. That is to say, April 5th.
My birthday falls on Friday this year.
My birthday falls on Sunday.
Thank you for remembering my birthday.
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday.
All I know is that he came from China.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
Not that I know of.
As far as I know, he is a very kind man.
So far as I know, he is not lazy.
So far as I know, he is an honest man.
As far as I know, he is an honest man.
To the best of my knowledge, he is innocent.
So far as I know, she is still unmarried.
So far as I know what he has said is true.
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge.
He has never come on time that I know of.
As far as I know, she is a kind girl.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth and have it found out by accident.
To the best of my knowledge, he is a reliable person.
As far as I know, he is innocent.
As far as I know, no one has ever done it.
As far as I know, he is honest.
To the best to my knowledge, this computer cannot do the job.
To my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
To the best of my knowledge, the cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
As far as I am aware, there were no problems during the first semester.
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.
To my knowledge, he has not been involved in the fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he is a reliable man.
To the best of my knowledge, he is as good as his word.
As far as I know, the rumor is not true.
As far as I know, this is the best one.
As far as I know, this is the latest edition.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only translation available.
So far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
As far as I know, he has not arrived yet.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
As far as I know, he has never been overseas.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
So far as I know, he is kind.
To the best of my knowledge, he is honest and reliable.
To the best of my knowledge, he will not come.
As far as I know, they always keep their word.
As far as I know, she has nothing to do with that scandal.
To my knowledge, she has not left yet.
As far as I know, the novel is not translated into Japanese.
It is very far as far as I know.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
He is a good man for all I know.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
To the best of my knowledge, she's hard to please.
The lake is deepest here in so far as I know.
My acquaintance introduced me to his intimate fellows.
My old car brought me $100.
My Chinese did not pass.
But for my advice he would have been ruined.
He will not change his mind in spite of my advice.
He failed notwithstanding my advice.
Take my advice!
She sent me a present in return for my advice.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
My advice was not lost upon her.
My advice acted as an encouragement to her.
You will do well to take my advice.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
Don't bother about my lunch. I'll eat out.
One of the most curious things that has forced itself on my notice is that there is no permanence in the judgement of beauty.
Will you please check to see if my order has been dealt with?
How's my order coming?
My savings are so small that they won't last much longer.
There is a castle in my town.
My town has two supermarkets.
Our city has no water service yet.
There was a large castle in my city.
My town has a population of about 30,people.
My town is surrounded by tall mountains.
My town is quiet on early Sunday morning.
My silence is not to be read as consent.
My season ticket expires on March 31.
The tulips in my garden are now at their best.
My brother takes care of our dog.
My brother has much in common with me.
My brother seldom, if ever, goes to church.
My brother is not as tall as Jiro.
My brother is a first-year student.
My brother soon got used to living alone in Tokyo.
My brother's health has been delicate.
My brother speaks very fast.
My little brother can scarcely swim yet.
My brother doesn't swim.
My brother swims every day in summer.
My brother is a high school student.
My brother has never climbed Mt Fuji.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
My brother is as tall as me.
My brother studies as hard as I do.
My brother can run as fast as I.
My brother has to take an examination.
My little brother was injured in the accident.
My brother takes great delight in his stamp collection.
My brother fell off a tree and broke his leg.
Don't say 'but' to my suggestion.
My suggestion is for more trees to be planted along the streets.
My suggestion was rejected out of hand.
My proposal met with unexpected opposition.
My proposal met with a negative.
Please give my proposal one more chance.
Could you approve my proposal?
My shop is on the main street of the town.
My telephone is out of order.
Did you note down my phone number?
All my efforts are nothing in comparison with yours.
My efforts have brought me good luck.
All my efforts went for nothing.
My land abuts on the river.
My wrath shall far exceed the love I ever bore.
Only a sincere apology will appease my anger.
My investments earn about percent a year.
My answer will be all right.
My answer corresponds with yours.
See if my answer is correct.
My colleague doctored the report.
It's my special recipe, rabbit stew.
The adventures I read about are absent from my life.
My diaries cover twenty-five years.
Being together all the time, my Japanese classmates got to know each other very well.
My cat has come out from under the table.
Will you look after my cat?
My cat is very anxious to entertain me.
My cat came out of the basket.
Can you tell my age?
My annual income exceeds five million yen.
Can you guess my age?
As compared with my trouble, yours is nothing.
Don't you think my horse ought to win the Derby?
The pain in my back is getting worse.
My uncle went to sea at 18.
My aunt won an all-expenses-paid tour of Hawaii.
My aunt wears glasses when she reads the papers.
My skin burns easily.
I take back my words.
My hair is the longest in my class.
My hair is as long as Jane's.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
My hair curls easily.
My hair was still wet from being washed.
You've cut my hair too short.
My criterion is the ability to work joyfully.
Don't mislead me.
After all my objections, she left home.
My heart was pounding as my turn got nearer.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
My boyfriend plans to save up and buy a sports car.
My girlfriend is an actress.
My skin burns easily in the sun.
My secretary has a good command of English.
My secretary has a good command of the English language.
He said nothing in answer to my charges.
My flight will depart in an hour.
I look at it from an aesthetic point of view.
Dust had accumulated on my desk during my absence.
It was very careless of me.
How dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way!
My husband usually leaves for work at o'clock.
My husband is a very good cook.
My husband damaged a nerve in his neck.
My usual sleeping time is from seven to nine hours.
My father died, leaving a large sum of money.
When my father came home, I was studying.
My father has been dead for ten years.
It is five years since my father died.
My father is so old that he can't work.
My father and my brother work in this factory.
How dare you turn my father's house into a market!
My dad's pastime is skydiving.
My father's brother is my uncle.
My father's car is very nice.
My father's room is very big.
My father insisted I should go to see the place.
My father used to drink till late at night.
By the time he retires, my father will have worked for almost thirty years.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
My father was born in Matsuyama in 1941.
My father got married in his twenties.
My father has been in hospital for two months.
My father is fifty years old.
My father will be forty-five in May.
My father knows your mother very well.
Having been brought up in America, my father speaks English fluently.
My father usually comes home at six.
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.
My father is always busy.
My father asked when to start.
My father is, so to speak, a learned fool.
My father died of cancer.
My father was absent from his office yesterday.
My father has been busy.
I attended the meeting though my father told me not to.
My father is usually at home on Sunday.
My father has many books.
My father neither smokes nor drinks.
Besides smoking, my father drinks.
My father likes tennis.
My father is too stubborn to admit his faults.
My father swims very well.
My father is very good at fishing.
My father is too old to work.
My father likes pizza very much.
My father is as bald as a billiard ball.
My father is not home yet.
My father is bound for London.
My father has visited London many times.
My father wanted me to go and see that place.
My father would often go fishing.
My father left me a lot of money in his will.
My father is a doctor.
My father practices medicine.
My father can speak French as well as English.
My father is a teacher of English.
My father stopped smoking.
My father speaks in a gentle tone.
My father doesn't like music.
My father is away from home.
My father is an office worker.
My father serves in the Foreign Ministry.
My father gave up smoking last year.
My father is not a teacher but a doctor.
My father tries to abstain from drinking.
My father doesn't care about money at all.
My father works for a bank.
My father is a bank clerk.
My father likes traveling by air.
My father is a man of few words.
My father pulled his car into the large park.
My father is a pilot on the domestic line.
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.
My father does not go to Tokyo today.
My father isn't reading a book now.
My father won't have any noise while he is at work.
My father died four years ago.
My father always thought that he wanted to be a pilot when he was a boy.
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
My father told me to do so on my own.
Father is angry with me.
My father objected to my traveling alone.
My father helped me out of my financial difficulties.
My father failed in business.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
My father goes to work by bike.
My father spends a lot of time on his hobby.
My father manages a store.
My father is very particular about food.
My father cares much about food.
My father was religious and he was a very moral man.
My father makes it a rule to read a few pages before he goes to bed.
My father is contemptuous of drunkards.
My father has a blue and gray tie.
My father used to own a store dealing in meat and fish.
My father used to say that money is not everything.
My father began jogging last month.
My father contracted pneumonia last month.
My father came back from Osaka last week.
My father is a teacher.
My father does not care about his clothes at all.
My father is an early riser.
My father made it a principle to keep early hours.
By the time my father retires, he will have worked for almost thirty years.
My father is a great traveler.
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.
My father likes fishing, and so do I.
My father is an electric engineer.
My father led a moral life.
My father warned me against crossing the road.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
My father goes to church on Sunday.
My father gardens on Sundays.
My father is young.
My father grew old.
My father drives a very old car.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My father can fly an airplane.
My father traveled all over the world by air.
My father is suffering from a cold.
My father was lost in thought.
My father does walk.
My father is busy.
My father was busy.
My father has a cup of coffee every day.
My father reads the newspaper every morning.
My father goes to work at eight every day.
My father is busy as a bee every day.
My father takes a walk every day.
My father drinks daily.
My father may be sleeping.
My father will not be busy tomorrow.
My father relies little on medicines.
My father is to visit Korea next week.
My father is retiring next spring.
My father is suffering from influenza.
Both my father and my brother are fond of gambling.
Persuading my father first is putting the cart before the horse.
My father died three years ago, that is to say in 1977.
My father is frank.
My father never looked down on the poor.
My father and mother have a big farm there.
I forbid smoking in my room.
There are many books in my room.
There isn't much furniture in my room.
There is a television in my room.
There is no TV in my room.
There is little furniture in my room.
I have a magazine in my room.
There is no clock in my room.
My room has two windows.
My room has three windows.
I have a telephone in my room.
There is a radio in my room.
Come into my room.
You are always to knock before entering my room.
You are always to knock before you come into my room.
The door to my room screeches when I open it. I wonder if there's something wrong with it.
Don't come into my room.
Don't nose about my room.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
My room is twice as large as yours.
My room is just below.
My room is very small.
My room is very untidy. I must put it in order.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is comfortable, if it is a little small.
My room is an inviolable refuge.
My room looks out on the street.
My room faces the garden.
My room faces east.
As my room faces south, it is not so cold even in winter.
My room faces south, which makes it sunny and very comfortable.
My room is upstairs on the left.
My room is twice as big as his.
I'll show you my room.
May I see the room, please?
Don't look into my room.
I have all suits made to order.
My clothes were dirty with oil.
Mine is not so good as yours.
I don't have much knowledge of physics.
It has come to my ears that he will not be long in this country.
According to what I heard, they have broken up.
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.
My reply was negative.
Don't interfere with my studying.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
My hours of study are from to p.m.
My mother has been dead these three years.
My mother cleans the room.
I helped my mother with the cooking.
My mother was happy to see her guest eating her cakes eagerly.
My mother was in the hospital during the summer.
My mother was so tired that she went to bed early.
My mother takes a nap every afternoon.
My mother is strict with manners.
My mother got married at the age of twenty.
My mother is constantly forgetting people's names.
My mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother is always busy.
My mother is on good terms with my aunt.
My mother bought some apples at a fruit store.
My mother knows how to make cakes.
My mother makes a cake.
My mother can play golf very well.
It appears that my mother knows the fact.
My mother is on a diet.
Mother is very busy just now.
My mother went shopping at a department store.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
My mother likes tea very much.
My mother is really of the old school.
My mother is dead too.
My mother often suffers from headaches.
My mother does not speak English.
My mother loves music.
My mother is strict about manners.
My mother doesn't like my watching TV.
My mother made me a bag.
My mother objected to my traveling alone.
My mother was disappointed by my failure.
My mother gets up earlier than I.
My mother has good handwriting.
My mother asked me to keep her company during the weekend.
My mother is not accustomed to hard work.
My mother plays the piano well.
My mother is a psychology teacher.
My mother is indifferent to politics.
My mother gets up early in the morning.
My mother was very weak from a long illness.
My mother grows flowers in her garden.
My mother looks young for her age.
My mother is sick in bed.
My mother was no less angry with me than my father.
My mother said to me, "Study."
My mother gets up at six every morning.
My mother bakes bread every morning.
My mother is busy as a bee every day.
My mother gets up early every morning.
My mother is said to have been beautiful when she was a girl.
My mother almost never complains.
My mother seldom watches TV at night.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother is easily moved to tears.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
I myself didn't have to go and meet him there.
I am taller.
I have nothing to add on my part.
Turn toward me, please.
It seems that my methods are more up to date.
I'm so proud of my boys.
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
My wish is that one day all the people in world will go hand in hand.
My wish is to go to Switzerland.
My wish is to be a singer.
My wish is to be a painter.
All I want is peace and quiet.
My book is on your desk.
What did you do with my book?
Where's my book?
If you come across my book, will you send it to me?
My real address is as follows.
My bookcase is deep enough to take large dictionaries.
My sister played the leading character.
My sister's son Jimmy is my favorite nephew.
My sister's name is Patricia.
My little sister has been suffering from a toothache since last night.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
My sister got married in her teens.
My sister isn't studying now.
My sister is pretty.
My sister can play the guitar very well.
My sister has become a good pianist.
My sister hasn't done homework for herself.
My sister married a doctor.
My sister lives near Yokohama.
My sister went to Italy to study music.
My sister got a job with an airline company and became a flight attendant.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold now.
My sister went to Kobe yesterday.
My sister belonged to the basketball club last year.
My sister is now bound up in her work.
My sister will be thirteen years old next summer.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
My sister is a junior at Kobe College.
My sister would often cry to sleep when she was a baby.
My sister is sensitive about her thick legs.
My sister has been sick.
My sister asked Father to buy a new bicycle.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
My sister is famous.
My sister is a famous singer.
My sister will go to Tokyo next year.
It's time my dream came true.
I wish my dream would come true.
My dream is to lead a quiet life in the country.
My dream comes true.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
My dream is to become a pilot.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is soon realized.
My dream is to be a doctor.
My dream has come true at last by working hard.
My dream is to become an artist.
My dream is still just a dream.
My dream is to be a firefighter.
My dream is to become a teacher.
My dream is to be the First Lady.
My dream is to live a quiet life in the country.
My dream has come true.
My dream is to be a baseball player.
My dream is to study abroad.
It was five days after she graduated that my daughter left Osaka Airport for Germany.
My daughter, Kate, won a singing competition and I'm proud of her.
I opened an account in my daughter's name.
My daughter is but a child.
How tall do you think my daughter will be in three years?
My daughter went to Britain three years ago.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter is a tomboy.
Not only my daughter but some of her classmates say that they saw the criminal.
My daughter is fast asleep.
My daughter is looking forward to Christmas.
My daughter likes summer fruits, such as cherries, watermelons and peaches.
My daughter is in her late teens.
My daughter wants a piano.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
My daughter is in hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
My daughter does not talk back these days; she must have turned over a new leaf.
My daughter lost almost all the coins she had collected.
My daughter never fails to write to me at least once a week.
My daughter won't find it easy to get accustomed to the new school.
My daughter has taken up doll collecting.
My daughter has grown out of this suit.
My daughter is in labor.
My daughter likes egg yolks.
My name is known to everybody in my school.
My name doesn't appear on the list.
I was called into the office first, my name being at the head of the list.
I heard my name called twice in the dark.
I heard my name called.
I heard my name called in the crowd.
My name is omitted from the list.
My name and address are on it.
My name is James, but please call me Jim.
My name is Robert, so they call me Bob for short.
My name is Yamada.
I asked him if he knew my name.
I replied automatically when I heard my name.
My life was in danger.
I must request you to obey my orders.
They didn't come in spite of my orders.
My orders are absolute.
My tree had a few blossoms but no fruit.
He is only a baby in my eyes.
The scene before me was very beautiful.
My eyes were intent on the scene.
My eyes haven't yet adjusted to the darkness.
My eyes narrowed into slits in the strong sunlight.
My eyes have become less appreciative of colors.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
My aim is to be a doctor.
I don't want to burden you with my troubles.
My problems are very similar to yours.
Where do I come in?
I had to postpone my appointment.
My friend will be our guide.
I am sorry that my friend is not here.
A friend of mine went to America this summer.
A friend of mine called on me at my office.
My friend put forward a good suggestion.
My friends will be here at any moment.
Many of my friends seem to do nothing but amuse themselves by playing games with games machines.
Two of my friends are researchers; one is a linguist, the other a chemist.
A friend of mine came to see me.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
My friend Tom has twice as many stamps as I do.
My friend Mike is studying chemistry at Oxford University.
A friend of mine is studying abroad.
Allow me to introduce to you my friend Yamada.
Several of my friends have been to Japan this year.
He is the only one of my friends that is talented.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
My friend bought the second-best bicycle in the shop.
My friend saved the girl at the risk of his own life.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
My friend may have had a bad time in Africa.
My friend broke up with his girlfriend and now he wants to go out with me.
My friend was arrested for speeding.
My friend was angry at the news.
None of my friends drink coffee.
My friend remembered which way to go.
My friend ought to have arrived here by now.
My friend got rid of his debt.
May I introduce my friend to you?
None of my friends play golf.
Few of my friends have two cars.
I have a friend whose nickname is "Pencil."
One of my friends knows you.
In my circle of friends there are two people who are professional singers.
My friend said he had bought a new watch.
My friends set off to America.
My friends don't play tennis.
All of my friends like computer games.
My friend died from a wound.
My friends aren't young.
My friend was beside himself with anger.
All my friends are invited here.
My guilt leaves no room for doubt.
Please send my mail to me in care of my father's office in Tokyo.
Please forward my mail to this address.
What's the balance of my account?
My dress was ruined when it came back from the cleaner's.
Boil my eggs hard, please.
In my understanding, Robinson treats this element as secondary.
In my understanding, those two experiments do not have common factors.
My dream went up in smoke.
I can see the tower from where I stand.
I'll eat my hat if my candidate does not win the election.
Please put yourself in my place.
Put yourself in my place.
Let me make my stand clearer.
My mother died during my absence.
Would you care for my plants while I'm away?
Will you take care of my dog while I am away?
Please take care of my dog while I am away.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
It seems someone called on me in my absence.
Did anyone come in my absence?
Please keep me informed of whatever happens in my absence.
Please take care of my baby while I am out.
The first two days of my trip were rainy.
My hands were numb with cold.
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here.
I got it through my head that my parent's strict rules were for my own benefit.
My parents' generation went through the war.
Both my parents are quite well.
My parents are always dependent on him.
My parents live in the country.
Both of my parents love each other.
My parents were surprised to hear the news.
My parents aren't old yet.
My parents were born in Aichi Prefecture.
My parents never allowed me to swim alone in the sea.
My parents leave for New Zealand next Saturday.
My parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner.
My parents discouraged me from traveling.
My parents were delighted to hear of the arrival of our baby.
My parents pushed me to quit the baseball club.
Both my parents are at home now.
Both of my parents were brought up in the country.
My parents are familiar with her friend.
Tom asked me how long my parents had been married before they separated.
My parents also have a farm.
My arms went numb.
My cooking cannot hold a candle to Mother's.
My conscience is clear.
I'll help you to the best of my power.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
The man who lives next door to me is a doctor.
Sitting next to me was a famous actor.
My neighbor is what we call a nosy person.
My refrigerator is out of order.
My companion said that she was too tired to walk, let alone run.
Listen carefully to what I say.
Hear me out, please.
Listen to what I have to say.
To summarize, I'm saying that society is becoming better.
My arm still hurts.
He caught me by the arm.
My watch is ten minutes fast.
My watch runs too fast.
My wristwatch keeps good time.
I have no more than ten books.
I have no less than ten books.
I got a taste for sake at the age of fifteen.
I became a member of the club in 1980.
I was born in Kyoto in 1980.
I saw a man knocked down by a car.
I have seen a panda once.
I've been there twice.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
I don't like iced coffee, and she doesn't either.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek, but a citizen of the world.
I object to you going to Europe alone.
I hope you'll get over your cold soon.
I know the man you came with.
I want to know more about your way of speaking.
I really dig that singer.
I believe that the boy is honest.
I cannot forget those kind people.
I stand for freedom of speech for everyone.
I have studied Psychology to some extent.
I can't stand those goody-goody types.
I was beside myself with joy.
I like the music of Austria.
I preferred wearing my Hawaiian T-shirt and green shorts to be cool and different, but I quickly got used to the white shirt and black slacks.
I once worked in a restaurant.
I bought a piece of baggage.
I recognized her by the hat she was wearing.
I bought a camera for dollars.
I passed the examination with difficulty.
I'm not cut out for gambling. Maybe I'm just unlucky, but working for my pay is more of a sure thing.
I am beginning to like Ken little by little.
I rarely touch coffee.
I got this CD player for free.
I believe in this method of teaching.
I regret saying this.
I regret to say this.
I want this letter opened now.
I'm sick of this hot weather.
I don't know how to use this compass.
I listened to him reluctantly.
I bought Jimmy a home computer.
I had intended to call on Jack.
I seem unable to get out of this trouble in short time.
I went to the store near by.
I have been learning a science.
I have not more than ten books.
I studied English when I was there.
I availed myself of the chance to go there.
I didn't like beer at that time.
I'm glad to see such a beautiful animal.
I was more than surprised at the terrible sight.
I am not in the least anxious about it.
I will carry through the work.
I watched the game from beginning to end.
I was in Canada then.
I had never seen a panda till that time.
I've forgotten to post the letter.
I found the new magazine very interesting.
I objected to paying the bill.
I only got a glimpse of the thief.
I doubt the truth of the report.
I found him the book.
I took the little girl by the hand.
I can't make it out.
I gathered more information about it.
I am not so stupid as to deny its great beauty.
I recommend it strongly.
I have to find it.
I arrived at the bus stop just after the bus left.
I ran as fast as possible.
I've just started playing tennis.
I can't eat or drink very hot things.
I can't afford a new coat.
I'm very tired.
I came to the conclusion that something was wrong.
I am good at raising roses.
I feel like nothing on earth.
I made this kennel by myself.
I saw you while you were still under the fig tree before Philip called you.
I had my pen stolen.
I would like to purchase a wooden deck panel that can be laid on the porch.
I would rather have a coffee.
I read detective stories exclusively.
I have nothing particular to do.
I often stay up all night.
I stopped listening to the radio.
I think each of us played a part in inviting today's confusion.
I like Azuchimomoyama Castle.
I was scared to be alone in the dark.
I have been to the store before.
I used to keep a diary.
I received a letter written one week ago.
I made that dress by myself.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I ate absolutely nothing the whole day.
I will employ somebody who can speak English.
I'm learning music.
I don't like summer.
I insisted that we change our original plan.
I guess I'm spoiled.
I cleared up my desk.
When I got home, I realized that one of my suitcases had disappeared.
I decided to bide my time and wait for the argument to finish.
I needn't have hurried.
I felt like crying.
I go to Kyoto.
I lend money.
I want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean.
I met an old friend by chance.
I think it good for you to read this book.
I don't like your coming late every time.
I want you to stay here with her.
I went fishing with my brother in the river.
I'm a management consultant.
I never agree with him.
I work every other day: Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
I like dogs.
I have enthusiasm for modern paintings.
I go to Koshien stadium.
I am years old now.
I am going to leave my present job.
I can hardly work now.
I don't need anything now.
I am on holiday this week.
I can walk at least two miles.
I played soccer yesterday.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I enjoyed myself very much at the party last night.
I am thinking of going to the mountains.
I had my work finished.
I think it important that we should keep a promise.
I revealed the truth of the matter.
I would rather walk than wait for the next bus.
I'll ask my grandfather to take me there during the next summer vacation.
I acknowledged that I want to do strange things.
I am ashamed of my poor English.
I am responsible for his conduct.
I am ashamed of my conduct.
I am trying to understand the politics of my country.
I had my picture taken.
I am very lucky to have friends who care about me.
I worked as hard as I could so I didn't fail.
I cannot afford to keep a car.
I have a car.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
I don't care for alcoholic drinks.
Having done my homework, I could finally watch television.
I like spring the best.
I saw a young boy crossing the street by himself.
I have at least ten books.
I like Kenshin Uesugi.
I like castles.
I have always identified hard work with success in life.
I am happiest when I sleep.
I ordered new furniture.
I am human.
I am awkward with numbers.
I worked hard to succeed.
I am a student.
I could not stop myself from crying aloud.
I went to Nagano to take pictures of the mountains covered with snow.
From Sendai I extended my journey to Aomori.
I went fishing last Monday.
I lost my camera the other day.
I am less afraid of heights than I was.
I'm used to getting up early.
I am not going, because, among other reasons, I don't have money.
I majored in philosophy at my university.
I am commuting to university.
I was not conscious of a man looking at me.
I can only tell you what I know.
I am very ill at ease with strangers.
I'm a junior high school student.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I can't dispense with coffee at breakfast.
I went to Nagasaki.
I can't bear the inconvenience of country life.
I had lived in Osaka for eighteen years when I moved to Tokyo.
I shouldn't eat food that has sugar in it.
I was woken up suddenly at dawn.
I was born in a small town called Nara.
I made the best of her time in Japan.
I am a Japanese.
I learned to study and play like my Japanese friends.
I don't work on Sunday.
I was taught to respect my elders.
I rewarded my pigeons with food for climbing onto the box.
I miss him as much as ever.
I objected to his paying the bill.
I believe he is not guilty of the crime.
I can't bring myself to tell him that there is no hope of his being given the position.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
I saw him go out of the room just now.
I want to know how he manages to make such good use of his time.
I didn't marry him because he is rich.
I cannot accept the fact that he is dead.
I did not think that he would help us.
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.
I was surprised that he really had a strong resemblance to his father.
I believe him to be innocent.
I exchanged stamps with him.
I asked him to go to my room for my glasses.
I asked where he had been.
I had him take my picture.
I made him tell the truth.
I may have hurt his feelings.
I think what he said is true in a sense.
I can't help admiring his talent.
I'm waiting for his telephone call.
I considered his originality of great importance.
I heard that he was very experienced in overseas investments.
I believe this is by far the best of all the plans they proposed.
I saw them surrounding him.
I thought him very honest.
I let him go.
I don't think she will come back by five.
I received a telegram from her.
I have been to the place which she spoke of in her talk.
I like her all the better because she has childishness.
Never have I seen her before.
I truly loved her.
I found it difficult to make out what she was saying.
I proposed that she come with me.
I thought she was pretty.
I am going to America by plane.
I went to the meeting in place of Sam, who was sick.
Being sick, I had to stay home.
I am happy in spite of poverty.
I usually eat out.
I must live up to my father's faith in me.
I talked my father out of smoking.
I remarked on the beauty of the landscape.
I'm going to Fukui.
I must carry on my studies.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I sometimes dream of my mother.
I'm going to Hokkaido.
I lost the watch my sister had given me for my birthday.
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall.
I make it a rule to take a walk every morning.
I was compelled to sign the paper.
I lost face.
I play many ball games; baseball, basketball, and so on.
I was deceived by a person who I had thought was a friend of mine.
I have agreed to let a friend's son come up to this farm by day for about six months as a sort of farm pupil.
I felt very sorry about the sudden death of my friend's father.
I went to a haunted house.
I washed the dishes after supper.
I work for a travel agency.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
I saw my neighbor's dog running around in the yard.
I like animals, for example, cats and dogs.
I like the cold.
I saw the train come into the station.
I had got my camera stolen in the train.
I am too tired to climb.
I like the Japanese custom of offering guests moist towels, called oshibori.
I have seen "Star Wars" twice.
I read The New York Times.
I have a great interest in the Wars of the Roses.
My name is Hisashi.
I said Paul was out, but that Mary was at home.
I have no less than one thousand records.
I'm not a hundred percent wrong.
I got marks out of a maximum of 100.
I am not about to pay ten dollars.
I lost a ten-dollar note.
I found ten mistakes in as many pages.
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old.
I took the 10:train, which was ten minutes late.
I went to sleep about o'clock.
I left for America at ten o'clock.
I waited up for him until ten o'clock.
I waited for him till ten.
I am forbidden to stay out after o'clock.
I go to bed about ten.
I went back to my hometown for the first time in ten years.
I have known him for more than ten years.
I lived abroad for ten years.
I became a member of the club ten years ago.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
I am not what I was ten years ago.
I allowed a margin of ten minutes.
I waited for ten minutes.
I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like ten hours to me.
I can't see myself lying in bed until eleven o'clock.
I have practiced piano every day for fifteen years.
I learned how to ride a bike when I was six years old.
I will get a driver's license when I reach eighteen.
I was born on the 31st of May in 1940.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I was born on the of November 1948.
I was born in Tokyo on the eighth of January in 1950.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
I was born in 1960.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I was born on January in 1968.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
I was born on October 10, 1972.
I was born on June 4, 1974.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born in Osaka on March 5, 1977.
I was born in Osaka in 1977.
I was born in 1979.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
I have lived here since 1990.
I'll focus on the market development for 1999.
I got married when I was years of age.
I bought five books a month.
I usually go to the barber once a month.
I put off writing for over a month.
I made hotel reservations one month in advance.
I took one, and gave the other apples to my little sister.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
I saw a bird flying over a tree.
I've never been absent from school.
I love looking at everyone's colorful kimonos on Coming of Age Day.
I gave them one thousand yen each.
I have left out one line in reading.
I went to bed at one o'clock.
I can't absorb all of the lesson in an hour.
I hung around for one hour.
I have been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I started this job an hour ago.
I commute to work for an hour.
I had been reading for an hour.
I have been waiting for an hour and a half.
I have been here for a week.
I will finish reading the book in a week.
I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May 5th.
I reached my destination in a week.
I had a bad cold for a week.
I had my licence renewed a week ago.
I saw her a week ago.
I told him that I had seen her a week before.
Since I was sick for a week, I am making every possible effort to catch up.
Since I was sick for a week, I'm making every possible effort to catch up.
I live in this house by myself.
I cannot carry this suitcase by myself.
I'm old enough to live by myself.
I like to travel alone.
I was able to win the first prize.
I competed with him for the first prize.
I feed my dog twice a day.
I go for a walk every other day.
I go to the dentist every second day.
I go to the dentist's every other day.
I take a bath every other day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even a day.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
I was playing tennis all day.
I watch television all day long.
I wandered about the streets all day.
I am worn out from working all day.
I have been writing letters all day long.
I waited for him all day long.
I was chained to the desk all day.
I have been on a diet for more than a year.
I worked on a yearly contract.
I play tennis all the year around.
I saw a black cat run into the house.
I added a room to my house.
I missed the train by a minute.
I can type words a minute.
I don't have any pens.
I paid an account of 10,yen.
I want to change ten thousand yen to dollars.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of months.
I could not possibly finish the work in a few days.
I must have my car fixed in a couple of days.
I was in New York for a few days.
I am taking a couple of days off.
I made the last bus by a few seconds.
I have a few pens.
I have memorized 2,English words.
I counted up to 200.
I have turned 20.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
I asked twenty friends to the party.
God only knows if I can live out the 20th century.
I am a year-old man.
I made out a check for $and handed it to the salesperson.
I have to change buses two times.
I live in a two story house.
I enjoyed watching TV for two hours.
I am exhausted from a two-hour examination.
I studied for more than two hours, and afterward I went to bed.
I have been studying for two hours.
I arrived in Kobe around two thirty.
I became acquainted with her two weeks ago.
I will never make such a mistake again.
I've been to Paris twice.
I have not been studying for two days.
I have been busy for two days.
I have not been busy for two days.
I returned to my native village after two years' absence.
I have been studying German for two years.
I teach English to the second year classes.
I don't remember seeing you two years ago.
I quit smoking two years ago.
I went to Obihiro two years ago.
I came to Japan two years ago.
I lived in Sasayama two years ago.
I cannot afford a camera above dollars.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I missed the train by thirty seconds.
I was made to wait for over minutes.
I received a letter three months later.
I have not seen him for about three months.
I have visited Kyoto three times.
I have an appointment at 3.
I had a bite at around o'clock.
I possess three kinds of video-game machines.
I can run the fastest of the three.
I have three brothers; one is pilot, another a diplomat and the other a carpenter.
I have three brothers; one lives in Japan, and the others abroad.
I must draw up three papers in three days.
I plan to stay here for three days.
I have stayed in Kyoto for three days.
I intend to stay in Nagoya for three days.
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.
I met a friend whom I had not seen for three years.
I was engaged in it for three years, that is, till I was twenty years old.
I have lived in Sasayama for three years.
I have kept a diary for three years.
I have been in Japan for three years.
I am in charge of the third-year class.
I joined the golf club three years ago.
I first met him three years ago.
I met her by accident on Third Avenue.
I missed the bus by three minutes.
I am meeting my mother at the station at o'clock.
I'll call back at four o'clock.
I have to finish the work by four o'clock.
I have no less than four brothers.
I have four people in my family.
I have been studying English for four years.
I started doing this work years ago.
I've been subscribing to that magazine for four years.
I came to Japan four years ago intending to stay for one year.
I have never had more than $in my possession.
I've got no more than five hundred yen.
I have a deposit of 500,yen at the bank.
I made five applications for jobs but got nothing.
I will be sixteen in May.
I expect to take a vacation in May.
I paid him a visit on a warm afternoon in May.
I have been here since five o'clock.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
I'll pick him up at 5.
I will finish this work by o'clock.
I was allowed to go there on condition that I came back by five o'clock.
I got up about five.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
I have only five thousand yen.
I returned to my hometown after five years' absence.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
I am the fifth-youngest child.
My credit is good for 50,yen.
I hope to retire from work when I'm years old.
I have read sixty pages, while he has read only ten.
I meet him once every six months.
I found six mistakes in as many lines.
I lived in Osaka until I was six.
I was meeting Bob at six.
I reached the station at six.
I make it a rule to get up at six.
I make a point of getting up before six.
I'll meet them at six.
I'll stay there till six o'clock.
I'll come home by six o'clock.
I have to take two pills every six hours.
I'm going to leave the library at six-thirty.
I wear size six gloves.
I usually have supper between and p.m.
I'll be back at seven o'clock.
I got home at seven.
I have breakfast at seven.
I had breakfast at 7:30.
I study from eight to eleven.
I will be at your house at eight.
I ate breakfast at eight.
I have an appointment at o'clock.
I will have finished the work by eight o'clock.
I got married years ago.
I'll be sixteen in September.
I will finish my homework by nine.
I slept nine hours.
I had to choose between A and B.
I don't have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
I was in an IAA meeting.
I'm with NTT.
I own 1,shares of NTT stock.
I'm a female office worker.
I had my T-shirt washed.
I have seen a UFO.
I watched the 4th season of X-files.
I watched X-files the movie.
I don't care for ice cream.
I never have an ice cream without feeling happy.
I'm not familiar with the boy.
I can't bear that fellow.
I studied the structure of Ainu families.
I ironed my handkerchiefs.
I ran a risk of advising her.
I want to see the sights in Akiruno city.
I suppressed a yawn.
I played the accordion.
I am going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me.
I like all sorts of Asian foods, particularly Thai food.
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I've got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I am leaving for the United States tomorrow.
I leave for London tomorrow morning.
I leave for Paris tomorrow.
I want to eat apple pie.
I don't like your going out alone.
I'm looking forward to your visit.
I know that you live here.
I think it a pity for you to lose such a chance.
I think you can get it.
I've never heard you talk like that.
I don't approve of your wasting time.
I know where you live.
I'll take care that you don't meet with any injury.
I have received no reply from you yet.
I am not answerable to you for anything.
I think that you are to blame.
I know how old you are.
I am certain that you have noble thoughts.
Much as I like you, I will not marry you.
My recommendation is that you invest in government bonds.
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I want the same style of coat as you wear now.
I had the pleasure of learning that you recently became the manager of the production division.
I am impressed by your recent advertisement in the New York Times.
I bought the same camera as you have.
I am longing for you to succeed as a businessman.
I think that you do know about that.
I rely on you to help him.
I am glad that you have helped me.
I learned that you are in the hospital recovering from heart surgery.
I wish you good luck with your new responsibilities.
I saw you driving your new car.
I'm sure that you will succeed.
I am relying on you to be honest.
I know that you are a teacher.
I'm glad to know that you are on the way to a full recovery.
I'm looking forward to your coming to Japan.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
I don't know whether you are telling the truth or not.
I don't like your coming late every day.
I disagree with you.
I have enjoyed talking to you.
I wish I had been there with you.
I should like to go with you.
Hope to see you next time I'm in N.Y.
I do not quite agree with you.
I am as interested in writing poems as you are.
I'm as tall as you.
I have the same trouble as you have.
I will accompany you.
I'd like to dance with you.
I want to talk to you.
I don't have anything to give to you.
I have enjoyed seeing you and talking about old times.
I will play the guitar for you.
I never dreamed of seeing you here.
I'll enjoy showing you around the city.
I would like you to post this letter.
I insist on your being present.
I want you to sing the song.
I would have you apply yourself to your study.
I want you to do it at once.
I must say no to you.
I would not have you other than you are.
I find it difficult to talk to you about anything serious.
I'm glad to see you again.
I gave you explicit instructions not to touch anything.
I want you to sing a song.
You remind me of your mother whenever I meet you.
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
You are the last person that I expected to meet.
I'll never forget seeing you.
I will show you the picture.
I never meant to have you pay the bill.
I thank you.
I have some pictures to show you.
I can ensure a job for you.
I want you to wash the car.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I'm not in a position to give you advice.
I'd better tell you the truth.
I'd like you to pay the money in advance.
I want you to come back early.
I want you to open the window.
I can give you a long life.
I catch up with you.
I don't feel hostile toward you.
I will tell you about Japan.
I'll tell you the truth.
I have ten times as many books as you have.
I'm twice your age.
I have three times as much money as you.
I will keep your advice in mind.
I like that tie of yours.
I can understand you to some extent.
I can't imagine life without you.
I don't understand you at all.
I'm older than your brother.
I want to make friends with your sister.
I graduated from college in the same year as your father.
I want to see your mother.
I am sick to death of your complaints.
I don't mean to poke my nose into your affairs.
I think of you all the time.
I love you more deeply than I can say.
I like that about you.
I do not want to waste the best years of my life for you.
I will do what I can for you.
I'm coming to your party and bringing you an unusual present.
I have no objection to your opinion.
I agree with your opinion.
I succeeded through your help.
I agree with your interpretation to a large extent.
I may have hurt your feelings, but such was not my intention.
I take part in your enterprise.
I am writing in relation to your complaint.
I am afraid your plan will not work.
I'm thinking about your plan.
I have no objection to against your plan.
I have no objection to your plan.
I cannot approve your plan.
I was ignorant of your plan.
I am convinced of your innocence.
I disapprove of what you say.
I do not understand you.
I'll never forget your kindness.
I care a good deal about what you think.
I think highly of your way of thinking.
I want to get a satisfactory explanation for your conduct.
I want to know more about your country.
I want to know about your country.
I'm your wife and I like to look nice to please you.
I have four times more CDs than you do.
I don't know both of your children.
I will do it according to your instructions.
Can I watch your next game?
I can not answer your question.
I have no intention whatever of disturbing you.
I read your letter yesterday.
I want to help you with your homework.
I am badly in need of your help.
I look to you for help.
I will act on your advice.
I cannot bring myself to accept your offer.
I regarded your offer as a joke.
I envy you your success.
I am anxious for your success.
I am not satisfied with your explanation.
I wanted to go back to your village.
I'll be your first patient.
I'd like to point out some problems regarding your suggestion.
I'll take my cue from you.
I firmly believe that your time will come.
I resent your cynical remarks.
I envy you your beauty.
I am quite in agreement with your analysis.
I found your cap.
I enjoyed reading about your dreams.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I value your friendship very much.
I met your friend.
I can not comply with your request.
I think it is necessary for you to eat more.
I have confidence in your ability to win.
I think you resemble your mother.
I was asked to give you a message.
I can't run as fast as you.
I'm not as tall as you.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
I'm three years younger than you.
He is much more of a golf enthusiast than I am.
I am shorter than you.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
I didn't greet you because I mistook you for somebody else.
I will wait for you in front of the school.
I will protect you from danger.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I cannot help falling in love with you.
I'll stand up for you.
I see you every now and then.
I cannot help laughing at you.
I look on you as my best friend.
I would like to visit you.
I take you for an honest man.
I look up to you.
I sat up until three a.m. waiting for you!
I have been looking for you.
I'm looking for you.
I know you.
I don't know you.
I won't leave you behind.
I am not going to betray you.
I quite agree to your proposal.
I love that commercial.
I like to shop at that department store.
I went shopping at that department store.
I'll never forget what Father said then.
I would take this dress before that one.
I couldn't but buy such lovely dolls.
I'm not satisfied with the restaurant's service.
I want to be that doctor's patient.
I can't remember the tune of that song.
I know the president of that company by name.
I know some students in that school.
I want a picture of that dog.
I bought that car.
I have an account at that book shop.
I have seen that girl before.
I don't know who that boy is.
I find interest in the social page in that newspaper.
I remember seeing that gentleman somewhere.
I discerned the potential of great things in him.
I am reluctant to help him.
I think him unkind.
I got scolded severely by that teacher.
I know that running boy.
I am through with him.
I was on close terms with him.
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.
I didn't buy anything at that store.
I got a new stereo at that store.
I bought a red sweater at that shop.
I came upon a rare stamp at that store.
I bought a cat at that shop.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn't operating properly.
I bet ten dollars on that horse.
I know those tall girls quite well.
I like these clothes more than I like those clothes.
I was suspected of being a thief because I was hanging about near the jeweler's.
I am proud to call him my teacher.
I see a girl standing under that tree.
I will not borrow money from those people.
I live in an apartment.
I pay 100,yen in monthly rent for my apartment.
I narrowly escaped being run over by a car.
I do not have much money on hand.
I don't have much money.
I don't like cheese very much.
I don't enjoy tennis.
I met too many people to remember all their names.
I make too many mistakes.
I was too tired to walk any more.
I am so busy that I don't watch TV.
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.
I'm too tired to walk.
I am too tired to run.
I don't drink much wine.
I don't care for flowers very much.
I haven't eaten very much but have gained as much as five kilos in a half year.
I have not been around much.
I don't want to get married too early.
I intended to study medicine in America.
I was born in America.
I have been to America twice.
I have never gone to America.
I had to go to America.
I would like to go to the USA.
He wants to go to America.
I want to make my home in America.
I traveled far and wide in America.
I stayed with an American family.
I watched an American drama.
I am corresponding with an American high school student.
I realized something about American children.
I like reading American novels.
I want to learn about American daily life.
I'm a big fan of American cooking.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I want to go to America.
I am learning English with the idea of going to America.
I have never been to the States.
I have visited America.
I love American movies.
I'm studying the American drama.
I went to Europe by way of America.
I went to Europe by way of the United States.
I'm from America.
I believe him an American.
I am an American.
I am an American student.
I'd like to prolong my stay in America.
I come from a small town in the Midwest.
I am interested in American literature.
I changed my mind on second thought.
I went to bed after preparing everything in advance.
I am deeply indebted to my friends for all their help.
I like all kinds of music but I'm most fond of classical.
I thought out all the difficulties.
I'm Alan Tate, Terry Tate's son.
I don't care for Alice.
I need all money possible.
I have tried every way.
I roomed with a delegate from Algeria.
I may have to work part time.
I decided that I would quit my part-time job.
I want some albums. Please show me some.
I tore the picture out of the album.
I went climbing in the Alps.
I made friends with a student from abroad.
I hit on an idea.
A boy spoke to me.
I support his proposal with certain qualifications.
I had a man build me a house.
I can understand French to a certain extent.
I agree with him to a certain extent, but not entirely.
I'm looking for an old man.
I know what that is.
I fell down the stairs in my haste.
I made a mistake through doing it in a hurry.
I ran away in a hurry.
I went to Europe by way of Anchorage.
I was lost in Sir Anthony's wonderful story.
I have never come across such a stubborn person.
I've never met such a kind man.
I asked Ann if she were a student.
I made Ann a doll.
I have a nice camera.
I went on a ten-day trip to Easter Island.
It's OK with me.
I thought of a good idea.
I will carry out the plan in spite of all opposition.
I have just returned from Britain.
I have a friend in England.
I have never been to England.
I ordered several books from England.
I'm studying the English drama.
I visited many parts of England.
I am looking forward to visiting Britain once again.
I was able to visit several American homes.
I can not be tolerant of naughty children.
I received a Christmas card from my brother in Italy.
I'm staying in Italy.
I associate strawberries with shortcake.
We went picking strawberries.
When am I to contact you?
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
I want to go to America someday.
I must go some day or other.
I wish to visit Egypt someday.
I want to see that girl again some day.
I will be a doctor someday.
I'd like to go abroad someday.
I will visit foreign countries someday.
When can I swim here?
I'm wondering when to buy a computer.
I didn't know when to switch the machine off.
I'm always suspicious of men like him.
I am ready to help you.
I know a girl who is always smiling.
I'm ready to leave now.
I always try to tell the truth.
I make it a rule to keep early hours.
I fell sound asleep before I knew it.
I want to go to Africa someday.
I was taken for a ride.
I try not to dwell on the past.
I still bear his name in mind.
Eleven o'clock is my regular time for going to bed.
I always get up at six.
I usually get up at six.
I usually have dinner at seven.
I'm always confusing John with Paul.
I always confuse John and his twin brother.
I always pass the time by watching TV.
I got up early as usual.
I altered my typical lunch and had a steak instead.
I usually go home at five.
I usually go to school by bus.
I always write letters with pen and ink.
I always have a good supply of tissues in my pockets.
I always carry a bottle of mineral water with me.
I went to bed a little earlier than usual.
I went to bed a little later than usual.
I got up earlier than usual.
I was always good at English.
I go to the country every summer.
I'm always proud of my family.
I always eat out.
I always say to myself to be generous.
As a rule, I get up late, but this morning was different.
I respect those who always do their best.
I always make it a point to paint things as they are.
My ears are always ringing.
I always have difficulty in making myself understood.
I always keep three dictionaries at hand.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
I always keep several dictionaries at hand.
I'm always busy with my homework.
I always put off doing my homework and get into trouble.
I am constantly forgetting names.
I'm always forgetting people's names.
I was always good at math.
I don't like people who always insist on talking about politics.
I am constantly amazed at the energy of my grandparents.
I always get up early.
I don't always get up early.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
I washed my hands as usual.
I always drive at a moderate speed.
I always make sure that my name is on my paper.
I always put down good experiences in my diary.
I dress lightly all the time.
I always have to give in to him.
I'm always interested in reading his column.
I'm always bored with his boastful talk.
I always make a point of painting things as they are.
I used to go to that library to study.
I'm busy all the time.
I always have trouble remembering names.
I always arrive a little ahead of time.
I have always kept my word.
I always keep a promise.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
I always wear a watch so I know what time it is.
There is no telling when I can see her again.
I borrowed 1,yen from my cousin.
I went shares with my cousin in the profits.
I have to go to the airport to meet my cousin.
I was determined to help her at the risk of my life.
I have no money with me now.
Never have I seen such a smart child.
I am listening to his recital.
I did the work against my will.
I made use of every opportunity to improve my English.
I collect dolls from different countries.
I bought many types of cloth.
I tried many things but failed after all.
I have seen various difficulties.
I read all kinds of books.
I was an outsider, so to speak.
I don't like what they call a man of character.
I got an ink blot on this form.
I ordered the book from England.
I'm on the lookout for a good introductory book about the Internet.
I have an appointment to visit a guru in India.
I was on a trip to India.
I was in bed with the flu.
I bought a woolen sweater.
I had the waiter bring us some coffee.
I carelessly deleted your e-mail address and had to ask Russell in New Zealand for it.
I must look after the rabbits.
I look down on liars and cheats.
I can't keep track of our family budget.
I almost forgot all about that.
I lay on my face.
I nodded, but did not move.
I was quite pleased with myself for managing a joke.
I don't like noisy music, such as rock.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
I am engaged in AIDS research.
I was abducted by aliens.
I like my shrimps fried.
I went down by elevator.
I attempted to leave but was stopped.
I have a big dog.
I visited American friends in Oakland.
I'm saving up so that I can go to Australia.
I want to travel to Australia.
I'm from Australia.
I've been to Australia three times.
I come from Australia.
I want to ride a motorcycle.
I've never been to my grandfather's house.
I received a telegram saying that my uncle had arrived.
I was forced to make a bow.
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.
I spoke to my uncle on the telephone.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
I stayed with my uncle.
I sponged a dinner off my uncle.
I was given a nice present by my uncle.
I was hired by my uncle.
I wrote to my uncle, who wrote back to me soon.
I am staying with my uncle.
I am boarding with my uncle.
I was named after my uncle.
I have just been to the station to see my uncle off.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
I was hungry and angry.
Please don't bother about lunch because I'm not hungry.
There is nothing left in my stomach, either.
I am already forgetting my grandmother's face.
I learned how to spin wool from watching my grandmother.
I addressed the letter to my aunt.
I asked my aunt to tell the stories of her travels.
I stayed at my aunt's house for three days.
I'm staying at my aunt's.
I adore the opera.
I like funny movies better.
I had to keep us amused with toys.
I live next door to the toy shop.
I have been here for about three weeks.
I paid a matter of fifty dollars.
I like oranges very much.
I squeezed the juice out of the oranges.
I like fruits such as oranges and apples.
I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
I foolishly interpreted the idiom according to its literal sense.
I'm a bit pushed for money.
I plan to stay here until my money gives out.
I do not have any money.
I know that money isn't everything.
I want time instead of money.
I have hardly any money with me.
I don't carry much cash with me.
I'm short of money.
I have spent more than two-thirds, if not all, of the money for a new car.
I've lost all my money.
I had my money stolen.
I am in a bind as my money has been stolen.
I entrusted my money to him.
I'm not going to waste my money.
I watched TV after I washed the dishes.
I refrain from drinking.
I'm not angry because you have failed.
I have orders to waste you.
I cannot afford to leave you idle.
I cannot afford to leave you idle. You must take up a regular occupation.
I would like tea or coffee.
I am glad I was not born before tea.
I don't care for green tea.
I like tea.
I like coffee better than tea.
I ordered two teas and three coffees.
I cannot even boil water, much less roast a turkey.
I know a girl whose father is a lawyer.
I played catch with my father.
I am taking a bath now.
I had fairy tales read by my mother.
I wanted to get up earlier than Mother.
I drew back the curtain.
I want to play cards.
I sent him a book along with a card.
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
I enjoyed talking with my girlfriend.
I walked along a lane bordered with hedgerows.
I may have put the key somewhere in this room.
I don't remember where I put my key.
It occurred to me that I had forgotten my keys.
She gave a faint smile.
Having a slight cold, I went to bed early.
I have a sore throat from a cold.
I tend to catch colds.
I didn't go skiing for fear of catching cold.
I was watching the scene holding my breath.
I have some work to clear up.
I heard that story once.
At one time I lived alone in the mountains.
I have once been to Europe.
I once lived in Rome.
I used to listen to English programs.
Once I had a very bad disease.
I once rivaled him for the championship.
I lost my temper and kicked the vending machine.
I can no more swim than a hammer can.
I'm having a great time in Canada.
I told my son in Canada to write me more letters.
I correspond with many friends in Canada.
I want to see my friends in Canada.
I have been to Canada.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
I was forced to drink against my will.
I find myself in a rather delicate situation.
I regard crab as a great delicacy.
I was robbed of my bag.
I was in a coffee bar soaking in the atmosphere.
I exchanged a camera for a guitar.
I have two cameras.
I lost my camera.
I pawned my camera.
I had my camera stolen.
I bought a camera, but I lost it the next day.
I pointed my camera at her.
I'm bad at singing karaoke.
I love karaoke, but I'm not much of a singer.
I was being made a fool of.
I'm not the only one who is tired of the work. She is, too.
I like curry and rice.
I saw him take out something like a pot from the box.
I took for granted that he was above such meanness.
I got the idea that he would come by himself.
I vaguely remember meeting him.
I reminded him to write to his mother soon.
I will apply for help to him.
I told him to come the following day.
I share his political perspective.
I was arrested for aiding in his escape.
I imagined him a tall man.
I put a red mark on the calendar for my birthday.
I barely caught the train.
I have a pretty dog.
I was moved to pity.
He lost his temper and threw a cup.
I had my only son die of cancer.
I can play the guitar.
I've taught myself to play the guitar.
I want to play the guitar.
I can't play the guitar, much less the violin.
I'd like to be a guitarist.
I was accustomed to hard work.
I am not used to hard work.
I have waited a full three hours.
I am sure of winning the tennis match.
I am sure I'll get along with him because we are from the same prefecture.
I resolved to break up with her cleanly.
I got the ticket for nothing.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
I bought this printer yesterday.
I got a letter from an old friend yesterday.
I had a toothache yesterday.
I received his personal visit yesterday.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I was too embarrassed to look her in the eye.
I regard myself as your guardian.
I saw a gangster lying in the light from the hall.
My father suggested that we go camping.
I must leave here today.
I studied for a while this afternoon.
I'd like to see my art teacher this afternoon.
I studied for a while this morning.
I believe in Christianity.
I never saw a giraffe.
I can't help sneezing, I caught a cold yesterday.
I was involved in a petty argument.
I don't like classical music.
I like classical music very much.
I like not only classical music but also jazz.
I'm fond of listening to classical music.
In my class I noticed a girl student who was particularly intent on studying Chinese.
Next to him, I'm the fastest runner in our class.
I am attracted to a certain boy in my class.
I am older than any other student in my class is.
I tried to make friends with the classmates.
I meet him on occasions at the club or at the golf links.
I like Christie's novels better than Dickens's.
I love strawberries on Christmas cake.
I am looking forward to Christmas.
I studied English very hard day after day.
I explained the reason in detail.
I urged Keiko to stop using people for her own convenience.
I allowed Kate to go home.
I like Kevin Nash.
I like cake.
I was fond of cake.
I will call on him with some cake and flowers.
I ate a quarter of a cake.
I know the girl who is making cakes.
I was playing a game when I felt an earthquake.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
I saw Bob this morning.
I was at my best this morning.
I have made an appointment with Mr Kennedy.
I know better than to quarrel.
I have just been to Ueno station to meet Kenji.
I gave my vote to Ken.
I wanted to buy a huge stuffed bear at Ken's but it was not for sale.
I can run faster than Ken.
I am not keen on this kind of music.
I'm not good at this sort of thing.
I hung my coat in the hall closet.
I have put off my coat.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
I like coffee very much.
I cannot do without sugar in my coffee.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I don't care for coffee.
I would rather have tea than coffee.
I had two cups of coffee.
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.
I'll take my coffee black.
I haven't bought a new coat in five years.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I've worked here for ten years.
I have been waiting here for two hours.
I don't know my way around in this neighborhood.
I am able to swim here.
I can see some Japanese people here.
I was asked to wait here.
I'm fed up with working here.
I will wait for my sister here.
I used to swim here every day.
I want to stay here longer.
I have lived here for ten years.
I want to stay here.
You can reach me at the address written here.
I have just arrived here.
I didn't know whether to stay here or go to London.
I arrived here at eight this morning.
I have been living here for three years.
I have lived here.
I'm looking for a man who is supposed to live here.
I'm going to stay here for several days.
I met him on the day I arrived here.
I have a few friends here.
I don't regret coming here.
I ran across an old classmate on my way here.
I have lived here a little over years.
I can't stand the cold here.
I am about to leave here.
I chose these over the shoes.
I am a cook.
I like such a passionate picture as Gogh painted.
I saw a man with a child.
I have been living here for these ten years.
I have kept a diary in English these ten years.
I have not been sick for the past ten years.
I have been in the hospital for the last month.
I have not eaten anything for the last three days.
I have been teaching English these five years.
Even though I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
I don't know how to operate this CD player.
I want to do some shopping around here.
I am a stranger here.
I never see this album without remembering my school days.
I bought this camera for 25,yen.
I like this coat. May I try it on?
I bought this coat at a low price.
I have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years.
I couldn't believe this!
I can't agree with you on this matter.
I was more than a little shocked at this.
I am not concerned with this.
I am not entitled to comment on this.
I am not concerned with this affair.
I feel very lonely these days.
I am familiar with this computer.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
I ordered this swimsuit from France.
I bought this sweater in a sale.
I'm the leader of this team.
I remember posting this letter.
I must pass this exam, no matter what.
Living, as I do, in such a large town, I can seldom go fishing.
I prefer that dress to this one.
I sewed the dress with silk thread.
I was surprised at this news.
I don't like this quiet necktie. Please show me a more colourful one.
I am invited to this party.
I must use this bike.
I paid $for this bag.
I got this visa at the American Consulate in Kobe.
I bought these biscuits at the grocer's.
I was given this present by Ann.
I like this blend of coffee.
I know every word on this page.
I paid no less than a hundred dollars for this pen.
I paid not less than a hundred dollars for this pen.
I bought this pen at the stationer's around the corner.
I would like to get a camera like this.
I cannot feel at home in such a hotel.
