Mary says she needs to find someone to help her do that.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to do that for her.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to do that for Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that on his own.
Mary says she knows Tom will eventually want to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he wants to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Mary says she doesn't ever win when she plays badminton.
Mary says she doesn't care whether Tom does that or not.
Mary says birds wake her up every morning in the summer.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do about that.
Mary said that the box was too heavy to lift by herself.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was very sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that we could be there.
Mary said that she was going to go camping next weekend.
Mary said that she wanted to forget about what happened.
Mary said that she might want to try doing that someday.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom liked her very much.
Mary said that she didn't really like working in Boston.
Mary said that her doctor told her not to smoke anymore.
Mary said that Tom wanted to borrow some money from her.
Mary said she's glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Mary said she'd probably go shopping with Tom on Monday.
Mary said she'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Mary said she'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Mary said she'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she wouldn't dream of allowing Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Mary said she wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Mary said she was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Mary said she was pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she was looking forward to coming to visit us.
Mary said she was looking for someone who speaks French.
Mary said she understood why Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary said she tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to find another job.
Mary said she thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought she heard voices in the next room.
Mary said she thought it would be impossible to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be motivated to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be desperate to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be bored if we did that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to be here today.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to be doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought I might want to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that this week.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that this week.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that by myself.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she knew she might not be required to do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she knew Tom might want to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be required to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that by himself.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her with her homework.
Mary said she hoped she could figure out how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that inside.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom bought his bicycle.
Mary said she doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Mary said she didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom with his homework.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without Tom's help.
Mary said she didn't understand what Tom said in French.
Mary said she didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would do that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Mary said she didn't really care whether she won or not.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said she didn't know where she should park her car.
Mary said she didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Mary said it was her who should show Tom how to do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she shouldn't do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she needed to do that.
Mary said Tom wasn't at home when she went to visit him.
Mary said Tom thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be required to do that.
Mary refused to do anything her parents asked her to do.
Mary realized she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she has to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom thinks she's stupid.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary often refuses to eat what her mother makes for her.
Mary now knows that she's been doing that the wrong way.
Mary needed to go back to her house to get her passport.
Mary might have some problems we can help her deal with.
Mary made it clear that she didn't plan to go to Boston.
Mary lives all by herself in a small cabin in the woods.
Mary lived in Boston for three years when she was a kid.
Mary left her apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Mary knew that she couldn't speak French as well as Tom.
Mary knew Tom was going to be mad at her for doing that.
Mary just got that big promotion she's been waiting for.
Mary is worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary is trying to persuade Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary is trying to figure out how she can make Tom happy.
Mary is still the best student in your class, isn't she?
Mary is still not doing what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary is probably going to get punished if she does that.
Mary is probably going to get arrested if she does that.
Mary is probably going to be starved when she gets home.
Mary is going to pay me back what she owes me on Monday.
Mary is better at speaking French than you think she is.
Mary is afraid that someone might kill her in her sleep.
Mary is a better chess player than I expected her to be.
Mary invited us to have dinner with her and her husband.
Mary hummed a tune to herself as she did the washing up.
Mary hopes she can to stay in Boston until next October.
Mary hasn't lived in Boston as long as she says she has.
Mary hasn't changed a bit since the last time I saw her.
Mary has promised to do that today before she goes home.
Mary has no friends who are willing to help her do that.
Mary has no close friends to help her with her problems.
Mary has no choice but to do what she's been told to do.
Mary has invited me to come and stay with her in Boston.
Mary has finally finished doing what we asked her to do.
Mary has finally done what she said she was going to do.
Mary has been trying to figure out what she needs to do.
Mary has been talking to Tom about what she plans to do.
Mary had plenty of chances to apologize, but she didn't.
Mary had no choice but to do what she'd been told to do.
Mary gave me her notebook with all her favorite recipes.
Mary finally talked Tom into selling her his old violin.
Mary finally graduated from college when she was thirty.
Mary finally got a driver's license when she was thirty.
Mary enjoys watching people do things that she can't do.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be awake when she gets home.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as she speaks English.
Mary doesn't seem to appreciate what we've done for her.
Mary doesn't remember doing what everybody says she did.
Mary doesn't like it when she doesn't have enough money.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her at his party.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do.
Mary doesn't have a pet now, but she used to have a dog.
Mary doesn't go to the movies as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't go fishing much now, but she used to a lot.
Mary didn't want to look, but she couldn't help herself.
Mary didn't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary didn't seem to care that nobody seemed to like her.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't have tried doing that.
Mary didn't know what time she was supposed to be there.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary didn't get a driver's license until she was thirty.
Mary didn't feel very well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom handed her.
Mary couldn't possibly have opened that door by herself.
Mary couldn't help noticing that Tom was staring at her.
Mary couldn't go to the concert because she had to work.
Mary couldn't fall asleep so she got up and took a walk.
Mary could possibly be lonely, but I don't think she is.
Mary can't remember exactly what she was supposed to do.
Mary called to tell me she'd been in a traffic accident.
Mary called me almost every day while she was in Boston.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over to her house.
Mary bent down and picked up the pen that she'd dropped.
Mary asked whose coat it was and I told her it was mine.
Mary asked me to tell you she needed a little more time.
Mary asked Tom where he lived, but he wouldn't tell her.
Mary apparently lived in Boston when she was in college.
Mary always carries a camera with her wherever she goes.
Mary almost always does what she says she's going to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we had asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom said she had to do.
Let's see what happens if we let Mary do what she wants.
It would've been nice if Mary had told us she'd be late.
It certainly doesn't look like Mary is enjoying herself.
If Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen her.
If Mary finds out I told you this, she'll be very angry.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't be here if she didn't have to be.
I'm fairly sure Mary didn't know Tom was older than her.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that the way I asked her to.
I wonder whether Mary really thought she had to do that.
I wonder whether Mary really knew she needed to do that.
I wonder if Mary's parents will allow her to go with us.
I wonder if Mary really did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder if Mary really did that when she was in Boston.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd go to Boston with her.
I was happy to be able to help Mary buy what she needed.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't show up.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in working for her.
I told Mary that I thought she might be able to do that.
I told Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
I think it's unlikely Mary will invite Tom to her party.
I think it's about time we told Mary that she's adopted.
I think Mary probably isn't as rich as you think she is.
I think Mary might've said something she shouldn't have.
I swore I'd never kiss Mary, but I ended up kissing her.
I should've phoned Mary before I went over to visit her.
I offered Mary the job, but she said she didn't want it.
I offered Mary a beer, but she said she didn't want one.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I knew Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with her.
I heard Mary humming to herself while she washed dishes.
I haven't talked to Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I first met Mary right after she moved here from Boston.
I feel sorry for Mary because she always has to do that.
I doubt if Mary would do that if she were in your shoes.
I don't think that we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary was expecting you to do that for her.
I don't think Mary was expecting Tom to do that for her.
I don't think Mary knows whether she can do that or not.
I don't think Mary knows what she's gotten herself into.
I don't think Mary knows that she's supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary knows how she's going to do that yet.
I don't know why Mary wants me to go to Boston with her.
I didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
I didn't realize that Mary wanted me to do that for her.
I didn't have Mary's phone number, so I didn't call her.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary where she and Tom had first met each other.
Everyone except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even if Mary had wanted to, she wouldn't have done that.
Does Mary really think she can do that without any help?
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to help her?
Do you think Mary would've wanted us to do that for her?
Do you know why Mary doesn't want me to sit next to her?
Did you know that Mary was kidnapped when she was three?
Did you know that Mary said she wasn't going to do that?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans on doing that?
As soon as Mary has finished doing that, she'll go home.
You'll help Mary do that if she asks you to, won't you?
You don't really think Mary would kill herself, do you?
You don't really think Mary would hurt herself, do you?
Would you please tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Why is Mary singing that song we asked her not to sing?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her that you miss her?
Why did Mary agree to do that if she knew she couldn't?
When do you think Mary is going to want us to help her?
When I first met Mary, I didn't know that she was rich.
What would've happened to Mary if she hadn't done that?
What Mary really needs now is a little time by herself.
We should ask Mary what she thinks about the situation.
There's no way Mary would've done what you say she did.
The first time Mary did that was when she was thirteen.
Tell Mary I want to see her first thing in the morning.
Please tell Mary she has to do that sometime this week.
Most of Mary's friends know that she's in the hospital.
Mary's mother told her not to talk with her mouth full.
Mary's doctor told her she needed to get more exercise.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him what had happened to her.
Mary wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't told her to.
Mary would've done that for Tom if she'd had more time.
Mary would've called Tom if she'd had his phone number.
Mary would've been late if Tom hadn't given her a ride.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't be able to buy what she needs at this store.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom does.
Mary wished she could tell Tom about what had happened.
Mary wished she could play the mandolin as well as Tom.
Mary wiped her face with the towel that Tom handed her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she wants him to help John.
Mary will have to do that, whether she likes it or not.
Mary will have to ask Tom to do that for us, won't she?
Mary will get herself killed if she's not more careful.
Mary will be mad at Tom when she finds out what he did.
Mary wasn't supposed to help us yesterday, but she did.
Mary wasn't certain whether or not she should tell Tom.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she was supposed to do.
Mary was upset when I told her about what had happened.
Mary was thinking about telling Tom that she loved him.
Mary was surprised to see Tom when she opened the door.
Mary was so angry at Tom she couldn't even look at him.
Mary was smart enough not to try doing that by herself.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she didn't do that.
Mary wants me to give her some advice on buying stocks.
Mary took something from her pocket and gave it to Tom.
Mary told the waiter that she wanted sit by the window.
Mary told me that she's quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's not certain what she should do.
Mary told me that she thought Tom wouldn't eat dessert.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be cooperative.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was engaged to Alice.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was back from Boston.
Mary told me that she had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Mary told me that she had a dream about Tom last night.
Mary told me that she doesn't really care what happens.
Mary told me she wasn't going to be at school tomorrow.
Mary told me she was going to help me with my homework.
Mary told me she was going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Mary told me she slept for only three hours last night.
Mary told me she doesn't know any other way to do that.
Mary told me she didn't have time to do that right now.
Mary told herself that she had made the right decision.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't yet retired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't retired yet.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in his room.
Mary told Tom that she had to eat dinner with her boss.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was depressed.
Mary told Tom she'd lied to him and that she was sorry.
Mary told Tom she thought he wasn't a very good driver.
Mary told Tom she thought he was behaving like a child.
Mary thought the girl she saw talking to Tom was Alice.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't want her at his wedding.
Mary thought Tom had lied to her about where he'd been.
Mary thinks some of her friends may be able to do that.
Mary thinks she can do the job better than anyone else.
Mary swore she wasn't going to say anything to anybody.
Mary stood on a chair so she could reach the top shelf.
Mary stayed up all night reading the book Tom gave her.
Mary started working for us when she was only thirteen.
Mary started to say something, but Tom interrupted her.
Mary started crying when I told her about the accident.
Mary speaks French much better than she speaks English.
Mary soon realized she shouldn't have tried doing that.
Mary showed me some pictures of her when she was a kid.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary seemed to be convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary seemed to be aware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I had to do that.
Mary says that she wasn't the one who broke the window.
Mary says she won't go out at night by herself anymore.
Mary says she wants to apologize to Tom for doing that.
Mary says she usually buys a new car every three years.
Mary says she thought she can do that without any help.
Mary says she thinks she can do that without your help.
Mary says she thinks it might be impossible to do that.
Mary says she sells about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Mary says she needs to find someone to do that for her.
Mary says she needs to find someone to do that for Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to help John do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that next week.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't eat all the potato chips.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he ought to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that with her.
Mary says she has to find somebody to help her do that.
Mary says she goes jogging at least three times a week.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let John do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember seeing Tom at the party.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Mary says she doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning to go.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom would really do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't do that on time.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would eventually do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to move to Boston.
Mary says she didn't know Tom had to help John do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom could do that by himself.
Mary says she and Tom sometimes go to the zoo together.
Mary says she and Tom almost never take walks together.
Mary said that was the first time she'd ever done that.
Mary said that she was going to leave tomorrow morning.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom had to do that.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom could speak French.
Mary said that Tom looked like he was enjoying himself.
Mary said something, but I couldn't hear what she said.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the door unlocked.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given any money to Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't allowed Tom to do that.
Mary said she was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Mary said she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said she was having a really hard time doing that.
Mary said she was determined to find out what happened.
Mary said she wanted to give Tom the chance to do that.
Mary said she wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary said she used to go to Boston three times a month.
Mary said she thought we should try to get there early.
Mary said she thought that would probably never happen.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that.
Mary said she thought it was a little risky to do that.
Mary said she thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be doing that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was the first one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested in doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested in basketball.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Mary said she thought Tom might be required to do that.
Mary said she saw Tom waiting for the bus this morning.
Mary said she plans on staying in Boston until October.
Mary said she only did that because everybody else did.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that again.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that again.
Mary said she knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that again.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that this week.
Mary said she hoped she never had to go back to Boston.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to help us today.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to do that today.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that outside.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Mary said she didn't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without some help.
Mary said she didn't want me to tell Tom what happened.
Mary said she didn't think she was good enough for Tom.
Mary said she didn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had ever been to Boston.
Mary said she didn't really feel like doing that today.
Mary said she didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Mary said she didn't know where she was supposed to go.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was able to speak French.
Mary said she didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Mary said she didn't have enough time to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Mary said she couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
Mary said she could do that, but she actually couldn't.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he should do that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he had to do that.
Mary said it wasn't as hard to do that as she expected.
Mary said doing that cost more money than she expected.
Mary said Tom thought she might be required to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary resigned because they refused to give her a raise.
Mary ran to the bus stop, so she wouldn't miss the bus.
Mary ran to the bus stop, but she still missed the bus.
Mary promised that she'd be more careful in the future.
Mary probably doesn't know why you want her to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom wasn't at her party.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom has a crush on her.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary poured cold water over herself to wake herself up.
Mary picked up the coffee pot and poured herself a cup.
Mary obviously doesn't want us bothering her right now.
Mary never told me she didn't know how to speak French.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised to do for Tom.
Mary might not have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary might not have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary made it quite clear what she didn't want us to do.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom and started to cry.
Mary liked the idea until I told her it was Tom's idea.
Mary knows she shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Mary knows she should do that, but she doesn't want to.
Mary knows better than to go out after dark by herself.
Mary knows Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with her.
Mary knew that she couldn't get to the airport by 2:30.
Mary knew that Tom wanted her to go to Boston with him.
Mary knew she shouldn't do that, but she did it anyway.
Mary isn't as good a chess player as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as easy to get along with as she used to be.
Mary isn't able to do that alone. You need to help her.
Mary is wearing a different hat than she was yesterday.
Mary is probably going to get injured if she does that.
Mary is probably going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is probably going to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is probably going to be forgiven for what she did.
Mary is old enough to know that what she did was wrong.
Mary is never going to do what you're asking her to do.
Mary is likely to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Mary is in the kitchen making herself something to eat.
Mary is going to get in trouble if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to be thirsty when she finishes the race.
Mary is going to be in prison for the rest of her life.
Mary invited Tom to join her and her family for dinner.
Mary injured herself when she jumped out of the window.
Mary hopes that Tom won't do that until she gets there.
Mary hoped that Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary hasn't been home since she graduated from college.
Mary has wanted to study French since she was thirteen.
Mary has some very important things that she has to do.
Mary has enough time to do that if she really wants to.
Mary has already done everything we've asked her to do.
Mary had to stay home from school because she was sick.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted her to stop doing that.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she had to buy.
Mary got tired of waiting for Tom, so she went on home.
Mary got angry when I told her about what had happened.
Mary gave me her notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave Tom one of the books that John had given her.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what she'd planned to tell him.
Mary first came to Boston when she was three years old.
Mary finally talked Tom into lending her his accordion.
Mary finally realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary explained to Tom why she couldn't go to his party.
Mary ended up not getting paid as much as she expected.
Mary ended up getting paid much less than she expected.
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to and from work.
Mary drank three bottles of wine by herself last night.
Mary dove into the water and swam as fast as she could.
Mary doesn't think Tom lies to her, but I know he does.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as I thought she did.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she has to do that.
Mary doesn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to help him.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll have to do that.
Mary doesn't know how long she'll have to wait for Tom.
Mary doesn't have the confidence to do that by herself.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody about what she'd done.
Mary didn't want to talk to Tom, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want anybody to find out about her and Tom.
Mary didn't understand what Tom was trying to tell her.
Mary didn't think Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary didn't start to study French until she was thirty.
Mary didn't say whether she'd go to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't say whether she went to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be permitted to do that.
Mary didn't know whether she should believe Tom or not.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that today.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't go with me.
Mary didn't do anything that she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary couldn't have done what she did without some help.
Mary can't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary can do whatever she likes as far as I'm concerned.
Mary came a little earlier today than she usually does.
Mary called Tom and had him pick her up at the station.
Mary bought an expensive Christmas present for herself.
Mary asks me the same questions every time she sees me.
Mary asked her father to give her some money for lunch.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her in front of the library.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his French textbook.
Mary almost never does what she says she's going to do.
Mary agreed to be here at 2:30, but she's not here yet.
Mary admitted that she'd never actually been to Boston.
Mary admitted she wasn't the one who actually did that.
Mary admitted she wasn't actually the one who did that.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary admits she's despised Tom since she first met him.
It'll take Mary three hours to finish what she's doing.
If you want Mary's help, you'll have to ask her for it.
If you tell Mary how to do that, I'm sure she'll do it.
If you see Mary, will you tell her I'm looking for her?
If Mary didn't want to be here, she wouldn't have come.
I'm the one who told Mary that she should study French.
I'm sure Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary had a good reason for doing what she did.
I'm really going to miss Mary when she moves to Boston.
I'm going to allow Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
I'm afraid Mary might not do what she's supposed to do.
I'd like for Mary to tell you why she did what she did.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that the way I told her to.
I wonder whether Mary really did what she said she did.
I wonder whether Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I wonder if Mary really was able to do that by herself.
I was the one who told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she needed to do that.
I want to be sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I told Mary that I thought she should lose some weight.
I think Mary would do that for you if you asked her to.
I think Mary would be doing that, too, if she knew how.
I think Mary should do what she says she's going to do.
I think Mary probably isn't as old as you think she is.
I think Mary might get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary knows what time she's supposed to be here.
I think Mary is probably younger than you think she is.
I think Mary did that, even though she said she didn't.
I think Mary could get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
I think I heard Mary say that she was going to do that.
I suspect that Mary doesn't do her homework by herself.
I spoke to Mary in French, but she answered in English.
I should probably tell Mary that I want her to do that.
I know Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish she would.
I helped Mary get up from the bench she was sitting on.
I heard that Mary doesn't sing as often as she used to.
I entered Mary's bedroom and saw her asleep in her bed.
I doubt if Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
I don't want Mary wandering around the mall by herself.
I don't think Mary would be absent if she weren't sick.
I don't think Mary will be as careful as she should be.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom would like her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
I don't know why Mary didn't do what I asked her to do.
I didn't think Mary would be here, but I'm glad she is.
I didn't tell Mary everything Tom asked me to tell her.
I didn't notice Mary sitting by herself at the counter.
I convinced Mary that she should go to Boston with Tom.
I asked Mary to sing that song she used to always sing.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even though I told Mary she shouldn't do that, she did.
Even though I told Mary she should do that, she didn't.
Even though I told Mary she had to do that, she didn't.
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to do that?
Do you want to see a picture of Mary when she was baby?
Do you want to know why Mary didn't do that by herself?
Did you tell Mary I didn't want her to do that anymore?
Call Mary and tell her I can't meet her this afternoon.
Ask Mary if she has enough money to buy what she needs.
All Mary wanted was to spend some time with her family.
You shouldn't have told Mary that you didn't like her.
You should tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
You should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
You should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
You knew Mary couldn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You can't hit Mary and expect her not to hit you back.
You and I are the only people Mary says she can trust.
Would you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Why would Mary want to do that if she doesn't have to?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what's happening?
Why don't you ask Mary if she really wants to do that?
Why didn't you just give Mary the money she asked for?
Why didn't Mary tell us that she was going to be late?
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays at our place.
When Mary told Tom that she'd done that, he got upset.
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got jealous.
When Mary finds out what happened, she won't be happy.
What time did Mary say she was leaving in the morning?
What do you think Mary will do now that she's retired?
We should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
We should tell Mary that Tom doesn't want her to come.
We should ask Mary which one she thinks we should buy.
We never would've allowed Mary to go there by herself.
We don't need to give Mary the money she's asking for.
There were a lot of things Mary said she needed to do.
The problem is that Mary thinks she's better than Tom.
The only person Mary says she wants to talk to is Tom.
The only job Mary has ever had is the one she has now.
The doctor told Mary that she should drink more water.
Tell Mary she has to do everything Tom asks her to do.
Tell Mary I'm not going to do what she asked me to do.
Please make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary's parents are too strict to allow her to do that.
Mary's going to kill me when she finds out what I did.
Mary wrote a lot of letters to Tom while she was away.
Mary wrapped the present she was going to give to Tom.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to.
Mary worked in a supermarket while she was in college.
Mary wondered if she had enough money to pay the bill.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary won't likely be as mad at Tom as she was at John.
Mary wishes that she could be a better French speaker.
Mary wished that she could play tennis as well as Tom.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary will probably get hurt if she does that that way.
Mary will never understand why we want her to do this.
Mary will keep doing that if someone doesn't stop her.
Mary will help you as soon as she finishes doing that.
Mary will have to do that even if she doesn't want to.
Mary was uncertain whether or not she should tell Tom.
Mary was the first one who said she'd like to do that.
Mary was the first one who said she wanted to do that.
Mary was shocked when I told her what I planned to do.
Mary was lonely and wished she had someone to talk to.
Mary was afraid that she was about to lose everything.
Mary wants to ask you if you'll help her next weekend.
Mary wanted to talk to Tom, but she couldn't find him.
Mary wanted to know who was going to help her do that.
Mary walked in and quietly closed the door behind her.
Mary walked as fast as she could to catch up with Tom.
Mary used to smile a lot, but she seldom does anymore.
Mary used to play the guitar better than she does now.
Mary used to make fun of Tom, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary unlocked the door with the key Tom had given her.
Mary tried to convince everyone that she was innocent.
Mary told me to meet her in front of the concert hall.
Mary told me that to be gone by the time she got here.
Mary told me that she's faster at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's better at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's able to speak three languages.
Mary told me that she'd never had that problem before.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be suspicious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be reasonable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be interested.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be here later.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was good at cooking.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was being sarcastic.
Mary told me that she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she should do.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary told me she was interested in visiting Australia.
Mary told me she was going to try to find another job.
Mary told me she didn't have enough money to buy that.
Mary told me she didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Mary told Tom to wait for her in front of the station.
Mary told Tom that she'd eat anything he made for her.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't interested.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't dependable.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was overconfident.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in his office.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she didn't like his sense of humor.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't permit him to do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to learn how to do that.
Mary told Tom she couldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary threw away all the letters that Tom had sent her.
Mary thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might have to do that this afternoon.
Mary thinks she's better at French than she really is.
Mary stopped laughing when she noticed Tom was crying.
Mary started playing the violin when she was thirteen.
Mary spent the money Tom gave her on something to eat.
Mary soon realized there was no way she could do that.
Mary should've learned French when she had the chance.
Mary should've been grateful for what Tom did for her.
Mary should tell Tom about the job she's been offered.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she needs his help.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary seldom makes mistakes when she's speaking French.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom wasn't here.
Mary says that she'd like to come over this afternoon.
Mary says she's learned a lot in the last three years.
Mary says she's been living in Boston for three years.
Mary says she'll do that even if Tom tells her not to.
Mary says she would've done that if we'd asked her to.
Mary says she wants to give you the chance to do that.
Mary says she wants to give Tom the chance to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be smart to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might be expensive to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might be dangerous to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom would really want to do that.
Mary says she still doesn't have everything she needs.
Mary says she regrets that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary says she needs the rest of the money you owe her.
Mary says she knows how difficult it'll be to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that for her.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he has to do that.
Mary says she has to find someone to help her do that.
Mary says she has to find somebody to do that for her.
Mary says she has to find somebody to do that for Tom.
Mary says she goes jogging three or four times a week.
Mary says she forgot that she had promised to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she's very good at French.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that right now.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let you do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will enjoy doing that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom is supposed to do.
Mary says she doesn't know if she has time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we help her or not.
Mary says she didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would be at the meeting.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't swim very well.
Mary says she and Tom hardly ever go cycling together.
Mary says she always does that the way Tom showed her.
Mary said they wouldn't permit her to do that anymore.
Mary said that she'd be moving to Boston next October.
Mary said that she wasn't sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was very sorry for what she'd done.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom could do that.
Mary said that she wanted me to help her wash her car.
Mary said that she thought Tom was in love with Alice.
Mary said that she doesn't really want that to happen.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really scared.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was angry anymore.
Mary said that she didn't really plan to stay so long.
Mary said that she didn't really feel like doing that.
Mary said she's the one responsible for what happened.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom wants to do that.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she's learned a lot in the last three years.
Mary said she'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't played chess with Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the windows open.
Mary said she wished she could do that as well as Tom.
Mary said she wasn't sure if Tom could do that or not.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she was able to do everything she had to do.
Mary said she wanted to try to swim across this river.
Mary said she wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Mary said she wanted Tom to help her do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought you could take care of yourself.
Mary said she thought that Tom would do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that for me.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what needed to be done.
Mary said she thought it would be possible to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was a good one.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be willing to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be tempted to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be nervous doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be frightened by that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be at today's meeting.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't interested in sports.
Mary said she thought Tom was the last one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was outside waiting for you.
Mary said she thought Tom was good at speaking French.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might be tempted to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought I might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she suspected Tom was very eager to do that.
Mary said she only did that because everyone else did.
Mary said she needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Mary said she left early because she was feeling sick.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she intends to go to Australia next October.
Mary said she hoped she never needed to do that again.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary said she hasn't seen Tom since they got divorced.
Mary said she doesn't want to invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom will agree to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to wear Alice's old clothes.
Mary said she didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would like her friends.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let John do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would enjoy that movie.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had a driver's license.
Mary said she didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Mary said she didn't remember exactly where Tom lived.
Mary said she didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Mary said she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary said she didn't know if she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't know if Tom could do that or not.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't swim very well.
Mary said she didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have the energy to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have any idea what Tom was doing.
Mary said she couldn't do that because she's too busy.
Mary said she and Tom played tennis yesterday morning.
Mary said her parents let her do what she wants to do.
Mary said doing that took more time than she expected.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that today.
Mary said Tom thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said Tom had given her permission to leave early.
Mary refused to tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her she needed to do.
Mary realized she wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Mary realized later that she shouldn't have done that.
Mary promised she'd go to Boston with Tom next Monday.
Mary promised she'd be there, but she never showed up.
Mary probably should've asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom expects her to do.
Mary probably doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Mary probably doesn't know how she's going to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary pretended that she didn't see what was happening.
Mary plans to come back to Boston after she graduates.
Mary phoned to say she won't be here until after 2:30.
Mary noticed Tom was a few inches shorter than he was.
Mary never told me she wanted to go to Boston with us.
Mary never thought she'd have to come back here again.
Mary needed some money, so I offered to give her some.
Mary may have some problems we can help her deal with.
Mary made the mistake of trying to do that by herself.
Mary made me swear not to tell Tom about what she did.
Mary made me promise not to tell Tom her phone number.
Mary made it clear that she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary made it clear that she didn't intend to help Tom.
Mary looked better today than the last time I saw her.
Mary lived in Australia when she was younger, I think.
Mary listened carefully, but she didn't hear anything.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she wasn't married.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she didn't do that.
Mary knows something about Tom that she won't tell us.
Mary knows she's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary knew that she was the only one who could do that.
Mary knew that she needed to do something to help Tom.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what needed to be done.
Mary knew that Tom wouldn't eat the fish she'd caught.
Mary knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary knew Tom wasn't likely to tell her what happened.
Mary isn't sure when Tom is expecting her to be there.
Mary isn't supposed to be at school today, but she is.
Mary isn't as determined to do that as she used to be.
Mary is wearing the same clothes as she was yesterday.
Mary is wearing a blouse that's way too large for her.
Mary is thinking about telling Tom that she loves him.
Mary is the only one who seems to be enjoying herself.
Mary is supposed to be at school today, but she isn't.
Mary is probably going to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is now a little more careful than she used to be.
Mary is lucky that she can still take care of herself.
Mary is going to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Mary is going to do that later when she's not so busy.
Mary is going to be very sorry if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to be very glad that she didn't do that.
Mary is going to ask Tom to do that for us, isn't she?
Mary is finally going to do what she told us she'd do.
Mary is already rich enough to buy anything she wants.
Mary is a pretty nice person once you get to know her.
Mary has permitted her children to do that many times.
Mary has finally decided that she has to go to Boston.
Mary has been waiting all morning for Tom to help her.
Mary has been trying to figure out what she has to do.
Mary has been told that she isn't required to do that.
Mary has been saving up money so she can go to Boston.
Mary has asked Tom to meet her at her office tomorrow.
Mary has another problem she hasn't told us about yet.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary has absolutely no idea what she's supposed to do.
Mary has a few more things to do before she can leave.
Mary gave me her phone number and told me to call her.
Mary found the information she was looking for online.
Mary finally realized that Tom didn't really like her.
Mary felt that she needed to explain why she was late.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she saw him.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she met him.
Mary explained to Tom why she needed to buy a new car.
Mary explained that she was the one who had done that.
Mary expected Tom to disagree with her, but he didn't.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way home from work.
Mary drank a few cups of coffee to keep herself awake.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she says she has to.
Mary doesn't want to do that today because she's sick.
Mary doesn't think she could do that without our help.
Mary doesn't think Tom really could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what we asked her to do.
Mary doesn't seem to be aware of what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to do that with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really listen when Tom is talking to her.
Mary doesn't really care whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't need to read this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like to do that, but she'll do it anyway.
Mary doesn't like being told she's not old enough yet.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't know whether she needs to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know where she's going to live next year.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she should be able to.
Mary didn't think Tom would eat what she made for him.
Mary didn't tell us that she'd be in Boston this week.
Mary didn't tell me she'd never been to Boston before.
Mary didn't tell Tom about the job she'd been offered.
Mary didn't start to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave her.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't say whether she was planning to go or not.
Mary didn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't learn how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her at his party.
Mary didn't know whether she should do that or not.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know how much money she was going to need.
Mary didn't have very many friends when she was young.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary didn't have a good job until she moved to Boston.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom gave her.
Mary didn't do any of the work she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't begin to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't apply for the job that Tom told her about.
Mary didn't actually want to do that with us, did she?
Mary demanded that Tom give her the money he owed her.
Mary couldn't find what she wanted at the supermarket.
Mary couldn't attend the meeting because she was sick.
Mary could've been nervous, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't show it.
Mary continued working even though she was very tired.
Mary confessed that she was the one who had done that.
Mary checked the list to make sure she had everything.
Mary certainly sounds like she's not planning to come.
Mary certainly seems to know what she's talking about.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Mary bet Tom that she could beat him at arm wrestling.
Mary asked me to help her put new frets on her guitar.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that by herself.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to pick him up.
Mary apparently didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary and I have never met, but I know a lot about her.
Mary admitted she was the one who ate all the cookies.
It's entirely up to Mary whether she does that or not.
It looks like Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to help her.
If you visit Mary now, she'll probably be watching TV.
If you run into Mary, ask her how her mother is doing.
If Mary didn't come here by bus, how did she get here?
I'm surprised Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I'm sure Mary won't be very hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary has some questions she wants to ask you.
I'm sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
I'll tell Mary about that the next time I talk to her.
I wonder whether Mary's friends would really help her.
I wonder whether Mary really can take care of herself.
I wonder whether Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder whether Mary can really take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary knows Tom ate both of her sandwiches.
I wonder if Mary is still as strong as she used to be.
I wonder if Mary is still as strict as she used to be.
I wonder if Mary is really as rich as she says she is.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to help Tom.
I was hoping Mary wouldn't ask me to help her do that.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never came.
I told Mary to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary that she should try to do that by herself.
I told Mary she didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to go with her to Boston.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to go to Boston with her.
I think you ought to let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we shouldn't let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think that Mary lied to you about when she did that.
I think Mary would get here early if you asked her to.
I think Mary won't be as angry as you think she'll be.
I think Mary will do the same thing she did yesterday.
I think Mary stayed by at home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary might get killed if she tries to do that.
I think Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I suppose Mary told you what time she plans to arrive.
I should've told Mary why she was supposed to do that.
I should've told Mary that I was too busy to help her.
I should've phoned Mary before I went over to see her.
I should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I recognized Mary as soon as she walked into the room.
I plan to telephone Mary tomorrow and ask her to help.
I hope Mary knows she has do what Tom tells her to do.
I haven't yet done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she's come back from Boston.
I don't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary liked the song you wrote about her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to do that.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom thinks she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom is in love with her.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she ought to do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary is going to admit that she's wrong.
I don't care why Mary did that. I'm just glad she did.
I didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was talking.
I didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
I didn't tell Mary what time she should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Mary that she needed to be more careful.
I didn't know Mary would be here, but I'm glad she is.
I didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Have you told Mary where you want her to park her car?
Everybody but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even if Mary had wanted to do that, she wouldn't have.
Does Mary take care of you or do you take care of her?
Does Mary know why Tom didn't invite her to his party?
Do you think Mary would like it if I did that for her?
Do you think Mary would do that if she had the chance?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought for her?
Do you think Mary really wanted to do that by herself?
Do you still think Mary doesn't know what she's doing?
Did you ask Mary if she thought she'd be able do that?
Did Mary say what she was planning to do this evening?
Did Mary say she was going to walk to school tomorrow?
Could you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
After Mary broke up with Tom, she started dating John.
Mary told the police that three men had mugged her.
You've got to tell Mary she needs to be here at 2:30.
You should probably tell Mary why she should do that.
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what's going on?
Why don't you call Mary and invite her to your party?
Why don't you believe Mary when she says she's happy?
Why don't you ask Mary if she'd like to come with us?
Why did you tell Mary I thought she couldn't do that?
When Mary got home, her children were already asleep.
What does Mary need to say to get Tom to forgive her?
Were you the one who told Mary that she shouldn't go?
We're not going to give Mary the money she asked for.
We'll make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
We waited all afternoon for Mary, but she never came.
We don't believe that Mary did what Tom said she did.
Was it you who told Mary she doesn't have to do that?
So far, Mary is the only one who's said she's coming.
Please make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
Maybe we should ask Mary if she wants this old piano.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary's first computer was given to her by her father.
Mary's a lot smarter than people give her credit for.
Mary's French has improved since she moved to France.
Mary wrote Tom a love letter, but she didn't send it.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she had hidden the money.
Mary wouldn't have made it on time if she hadn't run.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't wanted to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't needed to.
Mary wouldn't have done that even if she'd wanted to.
Mary wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would she?
Mary would've left early if she'd known she could've.
Mary would've come to Boston with us if she could've.
Mary would've been here if she knew she needed to be.
Mary would still be alive if she'd been more careful.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered what Tom could do that she couldn't do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to quit her job.
Mary won't be able to do what you've asked her to do.
Mary wished she were able to visit Boston more often.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary will probably be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary will never understand why people don't like her.
Mary will be too weak to do that after her operation.
Mary went to visit Tom even though I told her not to.
Mary went back to school to get something she forgot.
Mary wasn't strong enough to lift the box by herself.
Mary wasn't scared of Tom, but Tom was scared of her.
Mary wasn't aware that Tom was hoping she'd kiss him.
Mary wasn't able to say what she wanted to in French.
Mary wasn't able to do everything we asked her to do.
Mary was wearing a straw hat the last time I saw her.
Mary was sitting at her desk the last time I saw her.
Mary was shocked when I told her what Tom had bought.
Mary was shocked when I told her about what happened.
Mary was foolish enough to believe what Tom told her.
Mary was angry at Tom because he parked in her space.
Mary was afraid that she was going to make a mistake.
Mary wants to go to college, but she can't afford to.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom, but didn't think she should.
Mary wanted to hire Tom to take care of her children.
Mary wanted to get as far away from Tom as she could.
Mary used the key Tom had given her to open the door.
Mary tried to say something, but Tom interrupted her.
Mary tried to ask Tom a question, but he ignored her.
Mary told the police that three men had attacked her.
Mary told me that she was the one who had to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be surprised.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be impartial.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be back soon.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was claustrophobic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was being truthful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been impressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could speak French.
Mary told me that she thought Boston was a safe city.
Mary told me that she thinks she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me some things she probably shouldn't have.
Mary told me she wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Mary told me she wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary told me she walked through the woods by herself.
Mary told me she thought it would be safe to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be likely to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was going to try to help John.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't surprised.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't impressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't depressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was undependable.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in the attic.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was disorganized.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was disappointed.
Mary told Tom that she never wanted to do that again.
Mary told Tom that she had never intended to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was worried.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was sincere.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was married.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was correct.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't allow him to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted to find a higher-paying job.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to do that anymore.
Mary told Tom she didn't have many friends in Boston.
Mary thought the boy she saw talking to Tom was John.
Mary thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary thought she was doing what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that today.
Mary thought Tom might like to go to Boston with her.
Mary thinks that Tom will eat what she makes for him.
Mary thinks some of her friends will want to do that.
Mary thinks she knows who Tom's favorite musician is.
Mary thinks Tom will be doing that with John and her.
Mary still hasn't told me why she's going to do that.
Mary stayed at a cheap hotel when she visited Boston.
Mary started crying when I told her her dog had died.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that on her own.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that on her own.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that by herself.
Mary should've done it the way you told her to do it.
Mary should've done it the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary should tell Tom she won't go to Boston with him.
Mary should probably tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's going to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom to do that for her.
Mary seemed to enjoy herself at the party last night.
Mary seemed surprised when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary says you told her I wasn't going to go with you.
Mary says that when she did that, Tom started crying.
Mary says that she wants me to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary says she's planning to go to Boston this winter.
Mary says she's heard that Tom wanted to change jobs.
Mary says she will do that whether it's legal or not.
Mary says she thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be wise to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be safe to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be easy to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't speak French very well.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that anymore.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who's going to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he should do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't insist on doing that.
Mary says she has to find someone to do that for her.
Mary says she has to find someone to do that for Tom.
Mary says she has a special tool she uses to do that.
Mary says she has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary says she feels much better today than yesterday.
Mary says she doesn't think she has to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that just now.
Mary says she doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would really do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let John drive.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will want to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will need to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will have to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom knows how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom does that very often.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking you to do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't often win when she plays chess.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom wants to help him.
Mary says she doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that right now.
Mary says she doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that right now.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we do that or not.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary says she can't believe Tom would really do that.
Mary says she and Tom played chess yesterday morning.
Mary says she and Tom often play tennis after school.
Mary sang better today than I've ever heard her sing.
Mary said they wouldn't allow her to do that anymore.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do to help.
Mary said that she wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
Mary said that she was very worried about her future.
Mary said that she was very interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was too tired to do anything else.
Mary said that she was the very first one to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to talk to me after school.
Mary said that she thought Tom regretted what he did.
Mary said that she really didn't know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to ever see Tom again.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Mary said that she didn't really know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have a lot of money on her.
Mary said that it didn't take her so long to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she was asked to do that.
Mary said she'll probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd fill out the application form for me.
Mary said she'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Mary said she'd be able to do that if Tom helped her.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't done that by herself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
Mary said she wasn't the one who told Tom to do that.
Mary said she wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Mary said she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she was thankful for the chance to do that.
Mary said she was ready to do whatever was necessary.
Mary said she wanted us to be here by 2:on Monday.
Mary said she wanted Tom to show John how to do that.
Mary said she thought we shouldn't go to Tom's party.
Mary said she thought that would probably not happen.
Mary said she thought that would likely never happen.
Mary said she thought that Tom had already done that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she thought she could take care of herself.
Mary said she thought it was unlikely that she'd win.
Mary said she thought it could happen in Boston, too.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Mary said she thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't forget to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom was still living in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom didn't like John very much.
Mary said she thought I might be required to do that.
Mary said she saw Tom sitting in the park by himself.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Mary said she met a woman named Alice this afternoon.
Mary said she knew something bad was going to happen.
Mary said she knew she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would come to her party.
Mary said she felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Mary said she expected Tom do the same thing she did.
Mary said she doesn't want Tom to ever do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom knows how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom has to do that today.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that very often.
Mary said she doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary said she doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy.
Mary said she doesn't know if Tom can do that or not.
Mary said she doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to say anything about that.
Mary said she didn't want to invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Mary said she didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let you do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary said she didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Mary said she didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Mary said she didn't need your permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom refused to do that.
Mary said she didn't know when Tom would be arriving.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she didn't have your permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to worry about Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Mary said she didn't have anything to complain about.
Mary said she didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Mary said she didn't have any idea what Tom would do.
Mary said she couldn't find what she was looking for.
Mary said it was harder to do that than she expected.
Mary said it was easier to do that than she expected.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she should do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she had to do that.
Mary said her parents allow her to do what she wants.
Mary said her father told her never to do that again.
Mary said Tom wasn't as angry as she thought he'd be.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that soon.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that soon.
Mary said Tom knew she might be permitted to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she was planning to go.
Mary refused to admit that what she'd done was wrong.
Mary realized there was nothing she could do to help.
Mary realized there was no way she'd be able do that.
Mary realized she wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Mary realized she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary realized she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Mary promised herself that she'd never do that again.
Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Mary probably thought she was going to be busy today.
Mary probably has an extra pencil she could lend you.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary probably doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know how much time she'll need.
Mary practices speaking French every chance she gets.
Mary planned to talk to Tom the first chance she got.
Mary picked up the bottle and poured herself a drink.
Mary opened the door, even though I asked her not to.
Mary never told me that she knew how to speak French.
Mary never does anything that she doesn't want to do.
Mary needs to stay in bed if she wants to recuperate.
Mary needs to find an apartment near where she works.
Mary needs at least $to buy everything she needs.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised us she'd do.
Mary must've been tired when she got home last night.
Mary must think she doesn't need to help Tom anymore.
Mary might've lied about who she went to Boston with.
Mary might not be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary might be here somewhere, but I haven't seen her.
Mary might be better at French than you think she is.
Mary may not have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary may not have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary may do that for us, but then again, she may not.
Mary made it very clear that she didn't want us here.
Mary made herself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Mary made herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Mary loved living on the ranch with her grandparents.
Mary looks like she's too tired to help us right now.
Mary looked like she was going to start crying again.
Mary knows you didn't eat the cake she baked for you.
Mary knows that Tom can't do that as well as she can.
Mary knows she should've been able to do that better.
Mary knows Tom will probably be too busy to help her.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do to help Tom.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be able to pass the test.
Mary knew she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary just told me that she wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Mary isn't suggesting Tom could've done that, is she?
Mary isn't as motivated to do that as she used to be.
Mary isn't as desperate to do that as she used to be.
Mary is trying to figure out how much money she owes.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary is probably going to get fined if she does that.
Mary is never going to be able to do that by herself.
Mary is more dangerous than we first thought she was.
Mary is looking for someone to help her build a wall.
Mary is likely to do that as soon as you tell her to.
Mary is likely going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to miss the train if she doesn't hurry.
Mary is going to help you do that if you want her to.
Mary is going to have to take better care of herself.
Mary is going to be living in Boston with her father.
Mary is a much better singer now than she used to be.
Mary hinted very strongly that she wanted to go home.
Mary hasn't said anything she wasn't supposed to say.
Mary hasn't let her children do that very many times.
Mary has trouble making herself understood in French.
Mary has told Tom that she isn't required to do that.
Mary has to finish doing that before she can go home.
Mary has some good ideas she wants to tell you about.
Mary has no close friends she can talk to about that.
Mary has just done what she should've done last week.
Mary has gotten fatter since the last time I saw her.
Mary has finally found something she's good at doing.
Mary has enough time to do that before she goes home.
Mary has enough money to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary has a few things she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary had no choice but to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary gave me a notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave each of her children three hundred dollars.
Mary found what she was looking for on the top shelf.
Mary forgot to ask Tom what she'd planned to ask him.
Mary finally managed to do what she was trying to do.
Mary explained to Tom why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's going to be able to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what she's supposed to.
Mary doesn't need to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't need to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't necessarily have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't make as much money as she says she does.
Mary doesn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't have to tell Tom if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to eat this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary doesn't enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she said she had to.
Mary didn't want to admit she wasn't able to do that.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know what to do.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she had to do that.
Mary didn't say anything about where she'd come from.
Mary didn't recognize the person sitting next to her.
Mary didn't really expect Tom to answer her question.
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did she?
Mary didn't read any of the messages Tom sent to her.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she promised she would.
Mary didn't learn how to swim until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be allowed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary didn't even look at the letter Tom wrote to her.
Mary did something she didn't want Tom to know about.
Mary did neither of the two things I asked her to do.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her why he was unhappy.
Mary could make you do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary claims she didn't know that was going to happen.
Mary can't read music, so she plays the piano by ear.
Mary can speak French better than you think she does.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over her house.
Mary burned all of the letters that Tom had sent her.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary asked Tom if he'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she was the one who had done that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really want to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know what to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we wanted her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary admitted she did what she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom said she shouldn't do.
Mary accidentally cut herself while peeling an apple.
It would be foolish for Mary to go diving by herself.
If you see Mary, please tell her I'm looking for her.
If Mary hasn't told you yet, she probably never will.
If Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped her.
If I'd seen Mary yesterday, I would've talked to her.
I'm sure Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
I'm pretty sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I'm looking for Mary. You haven't seen her, have you?
I would've let Mary drive if I'd known she wanted to.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about when she did that.
I wonder why Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I wonder whether Mary was able to do that by herself.
I wonder whether Mary really knew she should do that.
I wish Mary would give me back the money she owes me.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I wasn't in the room when Mary asked Tom to help her.
I wanted to ask Mary how long she had lived in Australia.
I want Mary to keep doing just what she's been doing.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't come.
I told Mary that she's been doing that the wrong way.
I told Mary that I never wanted to talk to her again.
I thought Mary would apologize to Tom, but she didn't
I think you should tell Mary that you don't like her.
I think Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
I think Mary would be doing that now if she knew how.
I think Mary should've asked Tom to help her do that.
I think Mary is probably older than you think she is.
I think Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
I think Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
I think I'll go see Mary and ask her what she thinks.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Mary if she'll join us.
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure that I love her.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I hope Mary won't wait too long before she does that.
I hope Mary remembered to do what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary is going to do what she's supposed to do.
I honestly don't think Mary can take care of herself.
I heard that Mary's boss refused to give her a raise.
I heard that Mary asked you to help her wash her car.
I don't think Mary loves Tom as much as he loves her.
I don't think Mary likes you as much as you like her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wasn't at her party.
I don't think Mary knows that what she did was wrong.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I didn't want Mary to do that, but she did it anyway.
I didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I asked Mary what happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Mary how much time she thought it would take.
How many sandwiches did Mary take to school with her?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she says she did?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she said she did?
Has Mary told Tom that she can't speak French at all?
Go wake up Mary and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Go wake Mary up and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Everyone but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even though Mary is sick, she's swimming again today.
Don't worry about Mary. She can take care of herself.
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that by herself?
Does Mary think she'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do you think Mary will do what we've asked her to do?
Do you remember when Mary said she wanted to do that?
Did you ask Mary if she wished to do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she wanted to do that by herself?
Did Mary say she thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted for Christmas?
Are you really going to let Mary go there by herself?
You'd never forgive Mary if she did that, would you?
You shouldn't laugh at Mary when she makes mistakes.
You should tell Mary that she shouldn't leave early.
You obviously love Mary and she obviously loves you.
You knew Mary said she wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary didn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she wanted to do that, didn't you?
Why don't you believe Mary when she says she's busy?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she needed to do that?
Who did Mary say was going to go to Boston with her?
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got angry.
What happens if Mary won't do what we ask her to do?
What do you think Mary did with the money she stole?
We need to make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
We need to find out where Mary wants us to meet her.
We can't let Mary wander around the park by herself.
Was it you who told Mary she didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she didn't have to do that?
The only thing Mary ever gave me was her old jacket.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue cap.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her as soon as possible.
Please tell Mary that she isn't required to do that.
Please tell Mary that I don't want to see her again.
Please tell Mary she needs to get that done by 2:30.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to get here early.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to bring anything.
No one is going to tell Mary that she can't do that.
Maybe you ought to let Mary do what she wants to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary's parents thought that Tom was too old for her.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was very young.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants to do.
Mary's doctor told her that she should quit smoking.
Mary's boyfriend is three years younger than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is quite a bit younger than she is.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wasn't here yesterday.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary wouldn't let her children speak French at home.
Mary wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would she?
Mary would go to Boston with us if she had the time.
Mary worked part-time to put herself through school.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to eat lunch.
Mary wondered how much she was going to have to pay.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary won't likely be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't know how to use it if you don't show her.
Mary woke up a little earlier than she usually does.
Mary wished that she could spend more time with Tom.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to stop doing that.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she wants his help.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary will probably be very tired when she gets home.
Mary will likely spend the rest of her life in jail.
Mary wasn't surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary was walking towards the station when I saw her.
Mary was walking too fast for Tom catch up with her.
Mary was very good at doing that when she was young.
Mary was surprised when Tom asked her out on a date.
Mary was stupid enough to believe what Tom told her.
Mary was sick, so I stayed home to take care of her.
Mary was aware that someone was standing behind her.
Mary was angry because I wouldn't give her any help.
Mary was afraid she might do something she'd regret.
Mary wanted Tom to understand why she couldn't stay.
Mary used to play lacrosse, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to lock herself in the basement for hours.
Mary used to do that, but she doesn't do it anymore.
Mary tried to reach the top shelf, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't strong enough.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't able to do it.
Mary tried to do that again, but she couldn't do it.
Mary took her sunglasses off and handed them to Tom.
Mary took a lot of pictures when she was a teenager.
Mary told me yesterday that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she's seen that movie three times.
Mary told me that she won't come to school tomorrow.
Mary told me that she thought it would rain all day.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be punctual.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be discreet.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been careless.
Mary told me that she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary told me that Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she thought it would be fun to do that.
Mary told me she planned to wait until Monday to go.
Mary told me she doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary told me she didn't study French in high school.
Mary told me she didn't really want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't have much money in the bank.
Mary told me she didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Mary told me she didn't get enough sleep last night.
Mary told Tom the reason she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him with his homework.
Mary told Tom that she'd have to do that by herself.
Mary told Tom that she was interested in doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't prepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unimpressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unconscious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was intelligent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was incompetent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was heartbroken.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was discouraged.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was scared.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was honest.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was boring.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was biased.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was asleep.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was afraid.
Mary told Tom she'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Mary told Tom she wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Mary told Tom she couldn't eat lunch with him today.
Mary told Tom she could probably do that by herself.
Mary thought the girl she saw in the park was Alice.
Mary thought that Tom would be too busy to help her.
Mary thought that Tom was hiding something from her.
Mary thought she'd forgotten to tell Tom what to do.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Mary thought she might have to do that this morning.
Mary thought she might be required to do that today.
Mary thought she could do that if she had some help.
Mary thought Tom was going to let her go home early.
Mary thanked Tom for the bottle of wine he gave her.
Mary takes her ukulele with her everywhere she goes.
Mary still hasn't told me why she wanted to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she needed to do that.
Mary spilled her drink, so I bought her another one.
Mary spends a lot of money on things she never uses.
Mary soon realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary skipped dinner saying she was too tired to eat.
Mary showed me the pictures she took at the wedding.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's going to Boston.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't like John.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should be able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary seemed very surprised when I told her about it.
Mary seemed to enjoy herself yesterday at the party.
Mary seemed to be convinced that she had to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary scooted over so Tom could sit down next to her.
Mary says that she'd be willing to do that for free.
Mary says that she didn't study at all for the test.
Mary says she's sorry about what happened yesterday.
Mary says she's not the only one who didn't do that.
Mary says she's looking forward to coming to Boston.
Mary says she's hoping she can go swimming tomorrow.
Mary says she's gotten used to eating hospital food.
Mary says she's deleted Tom's number from her phone.
Mary says she'll do that whether you like it or not.
Mary says she'd prefer to talk about something else.
Mary says she wants to learn how to fly an airplane.
Mary says she thinks it'll be impossible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it would be foolish to do that.
Mary says she thinks Boston is a good place to live.
Mary says she saw Tom eating a sandwich in the park.
Mary says she never lies to Tom, but she often does.
Mary says she isn't the only one who didn't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he has to do that.
Mary says she hasn't had a nightmare in a long time.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking me to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary says she doesn't know any other way to do that.
Mary says she doesn't care whether Tom stays or not.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would have to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
Mary says she can help us today if we need her help.
Mary says she believes she can take care of herself.
Mary says it doesn't matter to her if Tom does that.
Mary says if she doesn't do that, Tom will be angry.
Mary said that she'd do just about anything for Tom.
Mary said that she wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in sports.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in soccer.
Mary said that she was very glad she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was very glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she was the very last one to do that.
Mary said that she was glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was ready to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to Tom's party.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really busy.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was mad anymore.
Mary said that she didn't really feel like laughing.
Mary said that she couldn't sleep at all last night.
Mary said that she and Tom would be at home tonight.
Mary said she's tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she was able to do that.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom has to do that.
Mary said she'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Mary said she'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Mary said she'd probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Mary said she'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Mary said she'd be able to do that without any help.
Mary said she wouldn't dream of letting Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Mary said she wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Mary said she won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Mary said she wished she'd eaten more for breakfast.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't spent so much money.
Mary said she wished she hadn't seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone to Tom's party.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone there with Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given Tom any money.
Mary said she watched TV for three hours last night.
Mary said she wasn't sure what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary said she was tired and wanted to go home early.
Mary said she was the only one who got here on time.
Mary said she was still not very good at doing that.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that with her.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that with Tom.
Mary said she was hoping she could help Tom do that.
Mary said she was expecting something bad to happen.
Mary said she was at your house yesterday afternoon.
Mary said she wanted to get out of town for a while.
Mary said she wanted me to teach her how to do that.
Mary said she wanted Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what the problem was.
Mary said she thought she could lend Tom some money.
Mary said she thought it would be raining on Monday.
Mary said she thought it was time for her to retire.
Mary said she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a mistake.
Mary said she thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Mary said she thought Tom would be too busy to help.
Mary said she thought Tom would be ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be happy to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be doing that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to help her.
Mary said she thought Tom was in no rush to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wanted to quit doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to be more careful.
Mary said she thought Tom might not want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom looked nervous doing that.
Mary said she thought I needed to get more exercise.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thinks she'll have to do that for Tom.
Mary said she shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Mary said she shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Mary said she saw Tom eating a sandwich in the park.
Mary said she plans to stay in Boston until October.
Mary said she never talked to the doctor about that.
Mary said she needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Mary said she needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Mary said she needed to do that before Tom got here.
Mary said she needed to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she needed to ask me a few more questions.
Mary said she needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Mary said she needed a day or two to think about it.
Mary said she knew where Tom learned how to do that.
Mary said she knew she might be required to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be able to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might be required to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't allow John to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be willing to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be allowed to do that.
Mary said she had something important to say to Tom.
Mary said she expected us do the same thing she did.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom parked the car.
Mary said she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that today.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to go to the park with us.
Mary said she didn't want to give any more speeches.
Mary said she didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to ever do that again.
Mary said she didn't think she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she had to do that today.
Mary said she didn't think doing that would be safe.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let me do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let John drive.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that again.
Mary said she didn't learn anything at school today.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
Mary said she didn't have to go to Boston next week.
Mary said she didn't have the permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Mary said she didn't have anything she needed to do.
Mary said she didn't have any reason not to do that.
Mary said she didn't have any idea why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary said she didn't believe that actually happened.
Mary said she did that, but she didn't really do it.
Mary said she could probably do that in three hours.
Mary said she could do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom not to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do whatever she wants.
Mary said her parents let her do anything she wants.
Mary said Tom was unlikely to eat anything she made.
Mary said Tom was sleeping by the time she got home.
Mary said Tom thought she might not need to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might be required to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she'd put my car keys.
Mary refused to tell me what she was planning to do.
Mary refused to do what I told her she needed to do.
Mary readily promised to do what we asked her to do.
Mary promised to do everything she could to help me.
Mary promised to come, but she hasn't turned up yet.
Mary promised me she'd do that before she went home.
Mary promised Tom that she'd eat whatever he cooked.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised Tom she'd eat everything on her plate.
Mary probably wishes she'd eaten more for breakfast.
Mary probably shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is scared of her.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is afraid of her.
Mary probably doesn't know what she should be doing.
Mary probably doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary pretended she didn't know how to open the safe.
Mary plans to stay with us when she comes to Boston.
Mary plans to spend her thirtieth birthday with Tom.
Mary overslept and missed the bus she usually rides.
Mary often eats popcorn when she's watching a movie.
Mary never wanted to give up, but she had no choice.
Mary never wanted to do anything we asked her to do.
Mary never told anyone where she hid the gold coins.
Mary never denied that she was the one who did that.
Mary must've had some reason for doing what she did.
Mary must've forgotten that she'd already done that.
Mary might not really be as busy as she says she is.
Mary may do whatever she likes with what I gave her.
Mary makes a lot of mistakes when she speaks French.
Mary made it quite clear what she expected us to do.
Mary looked around to see if she was being followed.
Mary looked around the room, but she didn't see Tom.
Mary lied when she told Tom that she'd won the race.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she wouldn't do that.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't know John.
Mary let me read the letter she'd received from Tom.
Mary knew she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary knew she should've been able to do that better.
Mary knew she couldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew more about what happened than she told us.
Mary isn't very likely be punished for what she did.
Mary isn't really as rich as everyone thinks she is.
Mary isn't as naive as a lot of people think she is.
Mary is wearing the sunglasses she bought yesterday.
Mary is wearing the same clothes she wore yesterday.
Mary is wearing the black coat she bought last week.
Mary is wearing a coat that's way too large for her.
Mary is too drunk to drive. Could you take her home?
Mary is probably going to get hurt if she does that.
Mary is perfectly capable of taking care of herself.
Mary is only trying to do what she's supposed to do.
Mary is my neighbor, but I don't know her very well.
Mary is likely to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is likely to be really disappointed, isn't she?
Mary is good at getting people to do things for her.
Mary is going to have to figure this out on her own.
Mary is going to be punished if she does that again.
Mary is going to be arrested if she does that again.
Mary is far better off than she was three years ago.
Mary is better off than she was this time last year.
Mary is better off now than she was three years ago.
Mary invited Tom over to her place to watch a movie.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Mary helped Tom on the bus, and then got on herself.
Mary hasn't lost as much weight as she says she has.
Mary hasn't had time to do what you asked her to do.
Mary hasn't been able to do that since her accident.
Mary has to do that even though she doesn't want to.
Mary has to decide where she wants to go to college.
Mary has some things she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary has probably done something she shouldn't have.
Mary has been told that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary has been told that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary has been told she doesn't look like a teenager.
Mary has been told not to try to do that by herself.
Mary has been drinking a lot since she got divorced.
Mary has already done everything we asked her to do.
Mary has already bought everything she needs to buy.
Mary has allowed her children to do that many times.
Mary has a lot of work to do before she can go home.
Mary had to keep her relationship with Tom a secret.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed to buy.
Mary had a headache so she took a couple of aspirin.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in high school.
Mary found what she was looking for under the table.
Mary finally learned to do that when she was thirty.
Mary explained to us why she didn't want to do that.
Mary dressed herself quickly, then ran out the door.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she has no choice.
Mary doesn't think she can stop Tom from doing that.
Mary doesn't think she can find the time to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom can stop her from doing that.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she has to do that.
Mary doesn't really think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really believe that nonsense, does she?
Mary doesn't need to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't know whether she has to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what she did to make Tom so angry.
Mary doesn't have to help us if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have any idea what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't come to Boston as often as she used to.
Mary does the dishes as soon as she finishes eating.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to do it.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom anything about herself.
Mary didn't understand why she wasn't allowed to go.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't have time to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to find another job.
Mary didn't stay for as long as she said she'd stay.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't seem to know exactly what she was doing.
Mary didn't say what she did that made you so angry.
Mary didn't marry the man her parents wanted her to.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry to do that.
Mary didn't like coffee the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary didn't know the reason why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know if she'd be able to do that or not.
Mary didn't know how to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't know how much money she should give Tom.
Mary didn't have the courage to go there by herself.
Mary didn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary didn't even text Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary didn't commit the crime they've accused her of.
Mary did that much better the third time she did it.
Mary did that even though she knew it was dangerous.
Mary did fairly well on the test she took yesterday.
Mary decided to learn all she could about computers.
Mary decided that she didn't really like doing that.
Mary couldn't remember where she'd buried the money.
Mary couldn't do that, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't attend the party because she was sick.
Mary could've stopped doing that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've been right, but I think she was wrong.
Mary could hardly make herself understood in French.
Mary certainly didn't say what you thought she said.
Mary can't go out because she has a lot of homework.
Mary can't dress herself and she can't feed herself.
Mary can't do that alone. Tom will have to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can take a couple of weeks off if she needs to.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen years old.
Mary began doing that when she was living in Boston.
Mary asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her next weekend.
Mary asked me if I could help her with her homework.
Mary asked me for more money than she really needed.
Mary asked if it would be dangerous if she did that.
Mary asked if it would be all right if she did that.
Mary asked if I wanted her to cook something for me.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to come over.
Mary admitted she'd been doing that for a long time.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary admitted she did what she said she wouldn't do.
Mary accidentally locked herself in the wine cellar.
Make sure Mary knows when she's supposed to be here.
It's doubtful whether Mary can take care of herself.
It would be stupid for Mary to go diving by herself.
It looks like Mary has fallen down and hurt herself.
If Mary says that she wants to do that, ask her why.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her right away.
I've looked all over for Mary, but I can't find her.
I'm sure Mary would appreciate any help she can get.
I'll talk it over with Mary and see what she thinks.
I'll ask Mary that question the next time I see her.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about where she'd been.
I wonder why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I wonder if Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary really wants us to do that for her.
I wonder if Mary really needs us to do that for her.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she couldn't do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she should do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she had to do that.
I was surprised when Mary said she was unhappy here.
I wanted to ask Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never came.
I told Mary that she should try to do it by herself.
I told Mary that I'd buy her another skateboard.
I told Mary not to do that the way she was doing it.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she helped me.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to do that.
I told Mary I could do whatever she wanted me to do.
I thought Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that by herself.
I thought Mary would apologize to me, but she didn't
I thought Mary said she wasn't going to get married.
I thought Mary said she didn't know how to get here.
I think you should tell Mary why you don't like her.
I think you should tell Mary what she wants to know.
I think we should tell Mary that she has to do that.
I think one of us ought to ask Mary what she thinks.
I think Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been there.
I think Mary won't be as mad as you think she'll be.
I think Mary might get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary may be able to do that if you help her.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary has already done what she needed to do.
I think Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
I suppose Mary might not do what we asked her to do.
I should've asked Mary why she didn't leave earlier.
I should tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
I offered Mary a drink of vodka, but she refused it.
I never told Mary I wanted to go to Boston with her.
I never even got a chance to ask Mary if she'd help.
I need to talk to Mary about what she said she'd do.
I know Mary didn't do that when she was supposed to.
I intend to phone Mary tomorrow and ask her to help.
I hope that Mary likes the present I bought for her.
I heard Mary bragging about how much money she made.
I haven't heard from Mary since she moved to Boston.
I forgot to tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
I expect that Mary won't do what you want her to do.
I doubt that Mary will be punished for what she did.
I don't think that Mary did her homework by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to leave.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom expects her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
I don't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
I didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I didn't think Mary would be exhausted, but she was.
I didn't tell Mary anything she didn't already know.
I didn't let Mary finish what she was trying to say.
I didn't know Mary would have to do that on her own.
I didn't know Mary would have to do that by herself.
I bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
I asked Mary why she wasn't at the party last night.
I asked Mary to come yesterday, but she didn't come.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to a movie with me.
I almost told Mary what you told me not to tell her.
How did Mary talk Tom into babysitting her children?
How did Mary know she was supposed to be here today?
Does Mary really think she can take care of herself?
Do you think Mary would like me to help her do that?
Do you have any pictures of Mary when she was a kid?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary know that she was doing that the wrong way?
As a matter of fact, Mary didn't do that by herself.
You should've told Mary that she needed to do that.
Who did Mary think would want to go there with her?
When Mary was in kindergarten, she lived in Boston.
When Mary gets back, tell her to come to my office.
When Mary first told me that, I didn't believe her.
What makes you think Mary can take care of herself?
What happened to Mary? I haven't seen her recently.
We need to make sure Mary has everything she needs.
We have to get Mary someplace where she'll be safe.
We have no plans to replace Mary after she retires.
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't leave early?
There were a lot of things Mary said she had to do.
The police handcuffed Mary and read her her rights.
Sometimes Mary does that and sometimes she doesn't.
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't go swimming.
Please tell Mary she needs to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to do that today.
Please tell Mary she doesn't have to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants to do.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to go out at night.
Mary's doctor suggested that she cut down on sugar.
Mary's doctor advised her not to eat between meals.
Mary writes everything down so she won't forget it.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she was planning to meet.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we forced her to do that.
Mary would've done that if she'd had the chance to.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd known how.
Mary would've done that by herself if she could've.
Mary wondered why she'd never seen Tom here before.
Mary wondered where Tom wanted her to park the car.
Mary wondered what to do with the wallet she found.
Mary won't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary won't go to sleep unless you read her a story.
Mary won't be able to solve the problem by herself.
Mary won't be able to do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary woke up a little eelier than she usually does.
Mary will very likely be punished for what she did.
Mary will probably tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never leave him.
Mary will probably tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary will probably finish what she's doing by 2:30.
Mary will need at least $to buy what she needs.
Mary will likely be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary went out drinking with her friends last night.
Mary wasn't willing to do what we wanted her to do.
Mary wasn't willing to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary wasn't sure whether she should do that or not.
Mary wasn't sure when she was supposed to be there.
Mary wasn't aware that nobody was listening to her.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary was walking too fast for us catch up with her.
Mary was walking too fast for me catch up with her.
Mary was surprised when Tom showed up at her party.
Mary was shocked when I told her what had happened.
Mary was probably about thirteen when she did that.
Mary was never able to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary was disappointed that she didn't win the race.
Mary was advised by Tom not to go there by herself.
Mary was able to do that well when she was younger.
Mary was a very good skier when she was a teenager.
Mary wants to make sure that doesn't happen to her.
Mary wants to know how she can lose weight quickly.
Mary wants me to give her money to buy a harmonica.
Mary wanted to know the reason Tom didn't like her.
Mary wanted everybody to know that she was unhappy.
Mary wanted Tom to understand why she had to leave.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her in front of the school.
Mary usually wears a wetsuit when she goes surfing.
Mary usually only wears glasses when she's reading.
Mary tried to tell Tom what she was planning to do.
Mary tried to stay awake, but she soon fell asleep.
Mary took a lot of pictures when she was in Boston.
Mary told us she didn't want to play poker with us.
Mary told us she didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Mary told me yesterday that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she'd like to visit us in Boston.
Mary told me that she won't tell Tom what happened.
Mary told me that she was the first one to do that.
Mary told me that she was planning to study abroad.
Mary told me that she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she was interested in doing that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be worried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be jealous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be furious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be curious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be careful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be at home.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was undependable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was disorganized.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was disappointed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was conservative.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ambidextrous.
Mary told me that she forgot where she hid the key.
Mary told me that she forgot all about the meeting.
Mary told me that she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary told me she wouldn't take up much of our time.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to help me today.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told me she was looking forward to doing that.
Mary told me she wanted me to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she thought it would be OK to do that.
Mary told me she didn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary told me she didn't take French in high school.
Mary told me she didn't have any friends in Boston.
Mary told me she couldn't wait to get out of there.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't able to speak French.
Mary told Tom that she was going to try to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't worried.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't sincere.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't nervous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't married.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't jealous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't correct.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unprepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unemployed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was prejudiced.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was interested.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was frustrated.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was frightened.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was downstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was dependable.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want to study French.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want John to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think he'd been fair.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was upset.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was tired.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was right.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was ready.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was happy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was funny.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was drunk.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was crazy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was bossy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was bored.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was awake.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was angry.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was alone.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have time to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't believe in astrology.
Mary told Tom she'd eat dinner with John and Alice.
Mary told Tom she hoped she didn't have to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to do that again.
Mary thought she might not need to do that anymore.
Mary thought she might not have to do that anymore.
Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that today.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't likely come to her party.
Mary thought Tom would want him to do that for her.
Mary thought Tom would probably refuse to help her.
Mary thought Tom would be bored, but she was wrong.
Mary thought Tom lied to her about where he'd been.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she'd be late.
Mary talked Tom into going to the concert with her.
Mary still hasn't told me why she wants to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she needs to do that.
Mary still doesn't think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't look like she's having much fun.
Mary started to say something, but Tom stopped her.
Mary started learning French when she was thirteen.
Mary speaks French as if she were a native speaker.
Mary sometimes does that and sometimes she doesn't.
Mary sold some of the potatoes she'd bought to Tom.
Mary sold her car to Tom for three hundred dollars.
Mary showed me the money she found on the sidewalk.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom that she's going to Boston.
Mary shouldn't have gone out after dark by herself.
Mary should've done that the way Tom showed her.
Mary should tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to find another job.
Mary should tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should never have tried to do that on her own.
Mary should never have tried to do that by herself.
Mary should never have tried doing that on her own.
Mary should never have tried doing that by herself.
Mary seemed to be unaware of what she needed to do.
Mary seemed to be happy with the gift Tom gave her.
Mary says this will be the last time she does this.
Mary says this will be the last time she does that.
Mary says that she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary says she's considering dropping out of school.
Mary says she'll do that whether it's legal or not.
Mary says she'll do that again if Tom wants her to.
Mary says she'll be sticking around for a few days.
Mary says she understands why Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she thought she could do that by herself.
Mary says she thinks it might be stupid to do that.
Mary says she still remembers the time we did that.
Mary says she needs to talk to Tom about something.
Mary says she knows Tom won't pass his French test.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that again.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't be afraid to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who wants to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who needs to do that.
Mary says she heard that Tom wanted to change jobs.
Mary says she doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she doesn't think she could ever do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom is able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she doesn't intend to ever do that again.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to go sailing.
Mary saw what she was looking for on the top shelf.
Mary said this will be the last time she does that.
Mary said that wasn't the real reason she did that.
Mary said that she's looking forward to seeing you.
Mary said that she'd never formally studied French.
Mary said that she'd gone by the time we got there.
Mary said that she wasn't the first one to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't living in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was very glad that she did that.
Mary said that she was very glad that Tom did that.
Mary said that she was sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was planning to be here by 2:30.
Mary said that she was glad that we could be there.
Mary said that she was eager to eat lunch with Tom.
Mary said that she simply couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that she might not be at school tomorrow.
Mary said that she didn't really like staying here.
Mary said that she didn't really intend to do that.
Mary said that she didn't know how to speak French.
Mary said that she didn't know anything about that.
Mary said that she and Tom can't come to our party.
Mary said that Tom's complaining didn't bother her.
Mary said she's never been to a Chinese restaurant.
Mary said she's going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Mary said she's glad you were able to go yesterday.
Mary said she'll do that for you if you ask her to.
Mary said she'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Mary said she'd help me do that if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary said she'd be back before the end of the week.
Mary said she wouldn't help, but Tom said he would.
Mary said she wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Mary said she wished she could speak French better.
Mary said she wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Mary said she wasn't going Tom and Alice's wedding.
Mary said she was too short to reach the top shelf.
Mary said she was hoping we could do that together.
Mary said she was going to go to Boston to see Tom.
Mary said she wanted to buy one of Tom's paintings.
Mary said she wanted to ask me a personal question.
Mary said she wanted me to show her how to do that.
Mary said she thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she thought that would likely not happen.
Mary said she thought she was too drunk to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what had to be done.
Mary said she thought she could do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't like to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be willing to wait.
Mary said she thought Tom would be glad to see her.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room studying.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to get more sleep.
Mary said she thought Tom might be able to do that.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that soon.
Mary said she saw Tom spanking one of his children.
Mary said she saw Tom and Alice kissing each other.
Mary said she regretted not following Tom's advice.
Mary said she needs to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she needed money to buy something to eat.
Mary said she might walk home from school tomorrow.
Mary said she knew she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she hoped she never had to do that again.
Mary said she hoped she could learn how to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom could learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think that's going to happen.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom will do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she doesn't care whether she wins or not.
Mary said she didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to come to her party.
Mary said she didn't think we should be doing that.
Mary said she didn't think she should say anything.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary said she didn't think Tom should've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom knew how to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that very often.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't really care if she won or not.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom didn't like John.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom went to school.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to stay home to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have much teaching experience.
Mary said she didn't have her phone with her today.
Mary said she didn't have as much free time as Tom.
Mary said she didn't have any friends to play with.
Mary said she didn't even want to think about that.
Mary said she couldn't find a decent place to live.
Mary said she assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she assumed Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she asked Tom not to eat the last orange.
Mary said she arrived a few minutes before Tom did.
Mary said she I thought I should do that by myself.
Mary said it wasn't the first time she'd done that.
Mary said her father told her not to do that again.
Mary said Tom would probably go to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom wasn't as mad as she thought he'd be.
Mary said Tom knew she might be allowed to do that.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her she had to do.
Mary really doesn't want to tell Tom where she was.
Mary read a book while she was waiting for the bus.
Mary put the first aid kit back where she found it.
Mary promised she'd tell us as soon as Tom arrived.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late anymore.
Mary promised herself she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised Tom that she'd meet him after school.
Mary promised Tom that she'd come home early today.
Mary promised Tom she'd help him with his homework.
Mary probably won't be able to get home by herself.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom that she did that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is ignoring her.
Mary probably doesn't know who's going to help her.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom's question.
Mary planned to visit Tom the first chance she got.
Mary ordered beer for herself and red wine for Tom.
Mary often drank chocolate milk when she was a kid.
Mary may not be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary may have said that, but I don't think she did.
Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Mary made me promise not to tell Tom where she was.
Mary made it plain that she didn't want to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to help us.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to be here.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry to get home.
Mary locked herself in her room and won't come out.
Mary likes to listen to music while she's studying.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't love him.
Mary learned French while she was living in Boston.
Mary laughed before she realized Tom wasn't joking.
Mary knows she shouldn't try doing that by herself.
Mary knew that she'd be able to do that eventually.
Mary knew that Tom didn't want to be seen with her.
Mary knew she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary knew she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary knew more about what happened than she let on.
Mary just found out that she has to move to Boston.
Mary isn't yet quite sure what she should be doing.
Mary isn't willing to do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary isn't really sure why she has to go to Boston.
Mary isn't likely to permit Tom to do that for her.
Mary isn't as tempted to do that as she used to be.
Mary isn't actually going to do that today, is she?
Mary is worried that something might happen to her.
Mary is saving up money so she can go to Australia.
Mary is never going to find what she's looking for.
Mary is never going to be able to do it by herself.
Mary is much smarter than most people think she is.
Mary is lonely because she has no one to play with.
Mary is going to sing that new song she just wrote.
Mary is going to need more money than what she has.
Mary is going to hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary is going to hurt herself if she isn't careful.
Mary is going to get into trouble if she does that.
Mary is going to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to be really disappointed, isn't she?
Mary is always getting people to do things for her.
Mary is afraid that she's about to lose everything.
Mary hired Tom to work at her store on Park Street.
Mary helped herself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she's supposed to do yet.
Mary hasn't been talking very good care of herself.
Mary hasn't been doing that as often as she should.
Mary has told me she has to go to Boston next week.
Mary has told Tom that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary has told Tom that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary has managed to do everything she needed to do.
Mary has been living in Boston since she was three.
Mary has been living in Boston since she was a kid.
Mary has an upset stomach because she ate too much.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary had to do that even though she didn't want to.
Mary had something she needed to talk to Tom about.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary got to the station just in time for her train.
Mary got back home sooner than I thought she would.
Mary found that she actually liked working for Tom.
Mary fell in love with her best friend's boyfriend.
Mary entered the room and shut the door behind her.
Mary enjoyed the time she spent in Boston with Tom.
Mary ended up taking the job that they offered her.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine all by herself.
Mary drank a lot of coffee so she could stay awake.
Mary doubts if Tom will come to her birthday party.
Mary doesn't want to do that and I don't blame her.
Mary doesn't want to admit how much she misses Tom.
Mary doesn't trust anybody else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be doing that with her.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary doesn't really think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't play tennis as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom kisses her in public.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her friends.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary doesn't have to eat it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have many photos of herself as a baby.
Mary doesn't have as much free time as she used to.
Mary didn't want to spend as much money as she did.
Mary didn't want to go, but her father made her go.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to come here, but she came anyway.
Mary didn't wake me up at 6:like I asked her to.
Mary didn't understand what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to Thai food.
Mary didn't think I'd notice that she wasn't there.
Mary didn't tell anyone why she had gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd won the lottery.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to know who she needed to talk to.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't say anything about where she was going.
Mary didn't like sushi the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't know whether she needed do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she had to do that or not.
Mary didn't know what kind of snake had bitten her.
Mary didn't know that what she was doing was wrong.
Mary didn't know that she was doing anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that yesterday.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know how long she was supposed to wait.
Mary didn't know how long Tom expected her to wait.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't have to go there if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to eat that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did it anyway.
Mary didn't have a dog the last time I visited her.
Mary didn't have a bicycle when she was growing up.
Mary didn't feel well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't even try to pretend that she liked Tom.
Mary didn't eat the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary didn't do that as well as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that as soon as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she usually does.
Mary didn't deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help Tom.
Mary denied that she was the one who had done that.
Mary decided that she'd never try doing that again.
Mary cried as she read the letter she got from Tom.
Mary couldn't remember what she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her to do.
Mary couldn't read or write until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't make herself heard in the noisy club.
Mary couldn't get the tickets you asked her to buy.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her his phone number.
Mary couldn't afford to buy the bicycle she wanted.
Mary could've stayed home today if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
Mary confessed that she'd eaten all of the cookies.
Mary climbed up the ladder as quickly as she could.
Mary certainly isn't as smart as Tom thinks she is.
Mary can't play tennis as well as she says she can.
Mary can't forgive herself for what she did to Tom.
Mary can't be in Boston. I just saw her in Chicago.
Mary can stay here a little longer if she wants to.
Mary called to say she wasn't coming to work today.
Mary called me to tell me that she has a flat tire.
Mary bet Tom thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary began skating when she was thirteen years old.
Mary began playing the drums when she was thirteen.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary asks me the same thing every time she sees me.
Mary asked me to help her with her French homework.
Mary asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked if she really had to do that by herself.
Mary asked Tom to meet her at John's house at 2:30.
Mary asked Tom to help decorate her Christmas tree.
Mary asked Tom if he knew why John didn't like her.
Mary answered all the questions that Tom asked her.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom asked her not to do.
Mary accidentally locked herself out of her office.
Let's see if Mary can manage to do that by herself.
Let's get out of Mary's way and let her do her job.
It's way past the time Mary promised she'd be here.
It was hard for Mary to admit that she needed help.
It looks like Mary was able to get what she wanted.
If Mary had really wanted to do that, she would've.
If Mary finds out what Tom did, she won't be happy.
If Mary can help Tom, why can't she help John, too?
I've already told Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't be forgiven if she did that.
I'm sure Mary appreciates what you've done for her.
I'm pretty sure that Mary can take care of herself.
I'm pretty sure Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
I'm not convinced that Mary can do that by herself.
I'll ask Mary if we can borrow some money from her.
I'd like to go to Mary's apartment and talk to her.
I would've hugged Mary if I'd thought she'd let me.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about what she'd done.
I wonder what Mary will do with her old motorcycle.
I wonder if Mary really thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really knew she needed to do that.
I wish I'd done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she did that.
I wanted Mary to stay longer, but she had to leave.
I told Mary that she should speak to you in French.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with her.
I told Mary she had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Mary not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I told Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I thought Mary wouldn't like the book Tom gave her.
I thought Mary said she didn't want to get married.
I thought Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
I think we should let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we should ask Mary where she wants to live.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been here.
I think Mary might get in trouble if she does that.
I think Mary knows why we couldn't do that for her.
I think Mary has never done that by herself before.
I think Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
I think Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
I think Mary could do that by herself if she tried.
I think Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
I think I'll go visit Mary and see how she's doing.
I know Mary has enough money to buy what she wants.
I hope Mary knows she has to do that before Monday.
I hope Mary has enough money to buy what she needs.
I hope Mary didn't do what you asked her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom asked her not to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I forgot to remind Mary that she needed to do that.
I don't want to interrupt Mary while she's working.
I don't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I don't think we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think Mary will do what we asked her to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her.
I don't think Mary knows that I think she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows how much time she'll need.
I don't think Mary could do that even if she tried.
I didn't wake Mary up at 6:like she asked me to.
I didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
I didn't realize that Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
I didn't know Mary was going to do that by herself.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught French.
How many of Mary's paintings have you sold for her?
How did Mary persuade Tom to go to Boston with her?
How did Mary get Tom to help her with her homework?
Have you ever asked Mary why she enjoys doing that?
Don't you think Mary could've done that by herself?
Does Mary still go bowling as often as she used to?
Do you think Mary would like me to do that for her?
Do you really think Mary likes the gift I gave her?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to do that?
Did you tell Mary that she shouldn't be doing that?
Did Mary tell you she asked Tom to babysit tonight?
Did Mary say who was going to help her fix her car?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Mary say how she was planning to get to Boston?
As soon as Mary finished eating, she left for work.
Are you going to give Mary the money she asked for?
Are you certain that Mary can take care of herself?
Almost all of Mary's ex-husbands still talk to her.
You told me Mary was sick in bed. Why is she here?
You should've told Mary why she needed to do that.
You should tell Mary that you want her to do that.
You should talk to Mary and tell her how you feel.
You gave Mary the money she asked for, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she had to do that, didn't you?
Yesterday, Mary told me she couldn't speak French.
Wouldn't it be better if Mary did that by herself?
When Mary was young, she ate three eggs every day.
What would've happened to Mary if she'd done that?
What time did Mary say she wanted to take a break?
We're not entirely sure why Mary did what she did.
We'll probably never know why Mary killed herself.
We should call Mary and see if she needs any help.
They promised Mary that she'd be paid $an hour.
There's no way Mary could've done this by herself.
The last time I saw Mary she didn't look too well.
Tell Mary that when she's finished, she can leave.
Someone needs to tell Mary what's expected of her.
Since Mary had a little free time, she took a nap.
Please tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Please tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that before 2:30.
No matter what Mary wears, she always looks great.
Maybe Mary was really as busy as she said she was.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants.
Mary's office is three miles from where she lives.
Mary's mother told her to quit jumping on her bed.
Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for her.
Mary's friends knew she was having money problems.
Mary's family is coming to visit her next weekend.
Mary's bicycle was blue before she painted it red.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd put my car keys.
Mary wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't had to.
Mary wouldn't be doing that if she didn't have to.
Mary would've done that if she'd really wanted to.
Mary would've done that if Tom hadn't stopped her.
Mary would be surprised if she saw Tom doing that.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary wondered what Tom was going to ask her to do.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to do that.
Mary wondered how long she'd have to wait for Tom.
Mary won't tell anyone where she was last weekend.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary won't get there on time if she doesn't hurry.
Mary won't be able to do that unless you help her.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom.
Mary wished she hadn't borrowed the book from Tom.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary will get herself killed if she's not careful.
Mary will do that for you if you ask her politely.
Mary went out of her way to make Tom feel at home.
Mary wasn't willing to do what we asked her to do.
Mary wasn't thirsty, so she didn't drink anything.
Mary wasn't there for me when I really needed her.
Mary wasn't scared to go into the cave by herself.
Mary wasn't able to find what she was looking for.
Mary was wearing a black hat when I first met her.
Mary was walking too fast for me keep up with her.
Mary was unwilling to do what we wanted her to do.
Mary was thirteen when she moved here from Boston.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she'd do that.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she loved him.
Mary was hoping she could persuade Tom to do that.
Mary wants to spend the rest of her life with Tom.
Mary wanted to leave, but I persuaded her to stay.
Mary wanted the rest of the money that I owed her.
Mary wanted me to tell Tom that she wasn't coming.
Mary wanted me to give her enough time to do that.
Mary wanted Tom to write a recommendation for her.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean the living room.
Mary used to play tennis, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary tried to catch up with Tom, but she couldn't.
Mary treated herself to a large dish of ice cream.
Mary told us the reason why she didn't want to go.
Mary told me why she wanted me to do that for her.
Mary told me why she wanted me to do that for Tom.
Mary told me that she's grateful for all our help.
Mary told me that she'll be in Boston next Monday.
Mary told me that she'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Mary told me that she was the last one to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be scared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was trustworthy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sympathetic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was interesting.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was intelligent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was incompetent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was embarrassed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was discouraged.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was a good cook.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been unfair.
Mary told me that she finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary told me that she enjoys hanging out with Tom.
Mary told me that she could get us what we wanted.
Mary told me she'd studied French for three years.
Mary told me she was planning to retire next year.
Mary told me she was going to go home early today.
Mary told me she has a few things to take care of.
Mary told me she had an old computer I could have.
Mary told me she didn't have as much money as Tom.
Mary told me later that she wasn't really married.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him, but she didn't.
Mary told Tom that she'd been waiting a long time.
Mary told Tom that she'd been miserable in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she was in Boston last weekend.
Mary told Tom that she was happy that he did that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be late.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't scared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lonely.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't asleep.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't afraid.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was surprised.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was skeptical.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was incorrect.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was depressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was conceited.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had gone home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had done that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John could do that.
Mary told Tom that she had a lot of fun in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was well.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lost.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lazy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was home.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was busy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have to do anything.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have anything to do.
Mary told Tom that he didn't have to wait for her.
Mary told Tom she'd never do anything to hurt him.
Mary told Tom she wanted to go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom she knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to go to Boston.
Mary told Tom I couldn't do that without her help.
Mary thought she was going to get a higher salary.
Mary thought she was going to be able to meet Tom.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might be coming down with a cold.
Mary thought Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary thought Tom was going to tell her what to do.
Mary thinks there's a good chance she'll find Tom.
Mary thinks she left her French textbook at Tom's.
Mary thinks she can probably take care of herself.
Mary thinks Tom won't be awake when she gets home.
Mary thanked Tom for letting her use his computer.
Mary tells me you're better at French than she is.
Mary stopped for something to eat on her way home.
Mary still says that she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary still hasn't done what we've asked her to do.
Mary still has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary still drinks, but not as much as she used to.
Mary still doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary stayed home from school because she was sick.
Mary started eating the sandwich Tom made for her.
Mary speaks French better than she speaks English.
Mary signed the papers that Tom asked her to sign.
Mary showed up early so she could get a good seat.
Mary shouldn't have been doing what she was doing.
Mary should've lied to Tom about where she'd been.
Mary should've kissed Tom when she had the chance.
Mary should've asked Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary should do that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary should be able to change the tire by herself.
Mary says that she's not interested in doing that.
Mary says that she'd like to do that this evening.
Mary says that she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary says that she does that several times a week.
Mary says she's sorry that she caused you trouble.
Mary says she's going to try to help you find Tom.
Mary says she's climbed this mountain three times.
Mary says she's been thinking about what Tom said.
Mary says she wants to learn how to play the oboe.
Mary says she wants to learn how to drive a truck.
Mary says she thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary says she thinks it's not possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it isn't possible to do that.
Mary says she saw someone climbing over the fence.
Mary says she never feels like doing that anymore.
Mary says she just couldn't permit Tom to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't want her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he ought to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't refuse to do that.
Mary says she heard Tom was pretty good at French.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom since they broke up.
Mary says she has three other suggestions to make.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom to help her.
Mary says she doesn't want me hanging around here.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really feel like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom went to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have the courage to do that.
Mary says she doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we stay or not.
Mary says she doesn't blame Tom for what happened.
Mary says she doesn't believe you really did that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really did that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to swim.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to eat pizza.
Mary says she didn't know Tom helped John do that.
Mary says she and Tom are planning to get married.
Mary says it doesn't matter to her if you do that.
Mary says if Tom doesn't do that, she'll be angry.
Mary said we could ask her any questions we liked.
Mary said that was the first time she'd done that.
Mary said that she's supposed to do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't studying French anymore.
Mary said that she was very interested in archery.
Mary said that she was very determined to do that.
Mary said that she was going camping next weekend.
Mary said that she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was getting hungry.
Mary said that she thought Boston was a safe city.
Mary said that she had a lot of fun at your party.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom could do that.
Mary said that she didn't really enjoy doing that.
Mary said that she couldn't wait to see Tom again.
Mary said that she couldn't possibly eat any more.
Mary said she's sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she's ready to do whatever is necessary.
Mary said she's quicker at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's been waiting for over three hours.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that anymore.
Mary said she's always been pretty good at sports.
Mary said she'd never go to that restaurant again.
Mary said she'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Mary said she'd help me figure out how to do that.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary said she'd do that for you if you ask her to.
Mary said she'd do that for me if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Mary said she'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Mary said she'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary said she wouldn't do that, so I asked Tom to.
Mary said she wouldn't do that again, but she did.
Mary said she wouldn't buy any of Tom's paintings.
Mary said she won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she wished Tom would eat healthier food.
Mary said she wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't in the mood to do that today.
Mary said she wasn't going to wait for permission.
Mary said she wasn't aware that Tom had done that.
Mary said she was willing to babysit our children.
Mary said she was too old to go mountain climbing.
Mary said she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she was the one who was driving the car.
Mary said she was sorry that she couldn't help me.
Mary said she was kidnapped when she was thirteen.
Mary said she was hoping we could travel together.
Mary said she was going to talk to Tom about that.
Mary said she wanted to visit Tom in the hospital.
Mary said she wanted to go to Boston to visit Tom.
Mary said she wanted to finish what she was doing.
Mary said she wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Mary said she wanted me to teach her how to drive.
Mary said she tried to help Tom with his homework.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to win.
Mary said she thought she should ask Tom to leave.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom had to do.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Mary said she thought Tom would forget to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was unlikely to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom had finished doing that.
Mary said she thought I might not want to do that.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that.
Mary said she thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't be able to do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can't eat dairy products.
Mary said she thinks Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she suspected that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary said she saw Tom playing badminton with John.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park just after 2:30.
Mary said she remembers asking Tom not to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Mary said she might go to Boston in a week or two.
Mary said she may stay in Boston for a few months.
Mary said she learned how to do that the hard way.
Mary said she knew why Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't win the race.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't be late again today.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries his best to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would come to her concert.
Mary said she hasn't yet talked to Tom about that.
Mary said she hasn't talked to Tom about that yet.
Mary said she has a lot of homework to do tonight.
Mary said she had something important to tell Tom.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom enjoys doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't have very much money on her.
Mary said she doesn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she doesn't even want to think about it.
Mary said she didn't want to study French anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Mary said she didn't want to go swimming with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to force you to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do anything with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to buy anything for Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't think the smell bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think the noise bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think that actually happened.
Mary said she didn't think she'd enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had ever done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could speak French.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to swim.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was able to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to stay in the hospital.
Mary said she didn't have to do that until Monday.
Mary said she didn't have the strength to do that.
Mary said she didn't have the patience to do that.
Mary said she didn't believe that really happened.
Mary said she couldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary said she can't eat that much food by herself.
Mary said it was more difficult than she expected.
Mary said doing that was harder than she expected.
Mary said doing that was easier than she expected.
Mary said Tom was asleep by the time she got home.
Mary said Tom told her she was sick of doing that.
Mary said I should've asked her to do that for me.
Mary realized there was nothing more she could do.
Mary read a magazine while she waited for the bus.
Mary promised that she wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Mary promised me she'd never come back here again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't drink anymore.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary probably won't be able to do that on her own.
Mary probably won't be able to do that by herself.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom how she did that.
Mary probably doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary probably doesn't know how she should do that.
Mary pretended she didn't know what was happening.
Mary plans to start doing that as soon as she can.
Mary never forgets to tell Tom that she loves him.
Mary needed someone to help her with her homework.
Mary moved over so that Tom could sit next to her.
Mary might even be richer than we thought she was.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry to do that.
Mary looked around, but she couldn't see anything.
Mary lived in a small town until she was thirteen.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't do that.
Mary learned how to drive when she was a teenager.
Mary knows she's not very good at speaking French.
Mary knows she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary knew there wasn't much she could do about it.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do about it.
Mary knew that I'd be gone by the time she got there.
Mary knew she wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have anything to worry about.
Mary isn't willing to do that unless you help her.
Mary isn't still wearing her wedding ring, is she?
Mary isn't likely to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary isn't likely to allow Tom to do that for her.
Mary isn't doing that because Tom told her not to.
Mary isn't as good at French as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as busy this week as she was last week.
Mary is upset with Tom because he didn't help her.
Mary is trying to figure out what she needs to do.
Mary is the best student in your class, isn't she?
Mary is sure that she'll be able to pass the test.
Mary is still sitting in her car, waiting for Tom.
Mary is starting to sound exactly like her father.
Mary is probably not as young as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as smart as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as happy as you think she is.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary is pretty sure that she'll pass today's exam.
Mary is old enough to do that on her own, I think.
Mary is now richer than she ever thought she'd be.
Mary is much richer than most people think she is.
Mary is lucky that so many people have helped her.
Mary is happier than I've seen her in a long time.
Mary is going to love the present you got for her.
Mary is going to get fired if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to do that as soon as she gets home.
Mary is going to be very tired when she gets home.
Mary is going to be very sorry she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be very happy she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be in Boston all week, isn't she?
Mary is from Boston, but now she lives in Chicago.
Mary is fortunate that she's permitted to do that.
Mary introduced me to her new boyfriend yesterday.
Mary introduced her stepson to Tom's stepdaughter.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that again.
Mary hopes that Tom will teach her how to do that.
Mary hopes she'll be able to do that next October.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she's supposed to do yet.
Mary has told you about what happened, hasn't she?
Mary has refused to do what we've asked her to do.
Mary has promised that she'll never be late again.
Mary has known how to do that since she was three.
Mary has enough money to do anything she wants to.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary has decided she's the one who should do that.
Mary has been told that she's required to do that.
Mary has been speaking French since she was a kid.
Mary has been fired from every job she's ever had.
Mary has already bought what Tom asked her to buy.
Mary has a list of people to she wants to talk to.
Mary hardly ever does what you'd expect her to do.
Mary had to borrow money from Tom to pay her rent.
Mary had a rich uncle who left her a lot of money.
Mary had a fairly good job until she got laid off.
Mary got out of the bathtub and dried herself off.
Mary got her first chance to do that this morning.
Mary freaked out when she heard what Tom had done.
Mary found a job not too far from where she lives.
Mary found Tom's umbrella in the trunk of her car.
Mary finally managed to buy everything she needed.
Mary filled her glass and then filled one for Tom.
Mary fell in love with Tom the moment she met him.
Mary eventually did everything we asked her to do.
Mary dropped out of college when she was a junior.
Mary dropped everything she was doing to help Tom.
Mary doubts that she'll be able get there on time.
Mary doesn't want to study French, but she has to.
Mary doesn't understand what you expect her to do.
Mary doesn't trust anyone else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she wants to do that right now.
Mary doesn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to eat with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't need to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't know why Tom and John don't like her.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary doesn't know she's not likely to be punished.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary doesn't know how to explain how she did that.
Mary doesn't know Tom, but she'd like to meet him.
Mary doesn't have to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have any idea how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't carry much with her when she travels.
Mary doesn't care what other people say about her.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody where she'd been.
Mary didn't want to stop doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't want me to help her with her homework.
Mary didn't think that anyone would recognize her.
Mary didn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't be at his party.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't intend to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary didn't learn how to do that from her parents.
Mary didn't know why she'd been chosen to do that.
Mary didn't know when she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she said nothing.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that today.
Mary didn't know that Tom expected her to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait for Tom.
Mary didn't know exactly what was expected of her.
Mary didn't have to tell me, but I'm glad she did.
Mary didn't have to do that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary didn't believe Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary didn't actually want to eat with us, did she?
Mary didn't act like she really wanted to be here.
Mary did better today than she's ever done before.
Mary did a lot better today than she usually does.
Mary deleted all of Tom's pictures from her phone.
Mary decided not to tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary cried herself to sleep every night last week.
Mary couldn't find anyone to give her a ride home.
Mary couldn't do what we were hoping she could do.
Mary couldn't do it, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't afford to buy everything she needed.
Mary could've been scared, but she didn't show it.
Mary could think of no reason why she should stay.
Mary could never do what you are asking her to do.
Mary concealed the fact that she'd been in prison.
Mary closed the curtains before she got undressed.
Mary chuckled to herself as she read Tom's letter.
Mary can't really be as rich as people say she is.
Mary can't really be as mean as people say she is.
Mary can't do that alone. I hope Tom can help her.
Mary can't do it alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can tell me what happened when she gets here.
Mary can come over to my place whenever she wants.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be home for lunch.
Mary called Tom every bad name she could think of.
Mary bet me thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary began to write poems when she was very young.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary asked Tom what she should bring to the party.
Mary asked Tom to tell her why he was leaving her.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to play the flute.
Mary asked Tom to help her, but he didn't want to.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her with her homework.
Mary apparently went to the lighthouse by herself.
Mary apparently didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't have any experience.
Mary admitted she did what we asked her not to do.
Mary admitted she did what she promised not to do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom told her not to do.
Mary admits she's been doing that for a long time.
If you see Mary, ask her how her husband is doing.
If you have a question for Mary, ask her yourself.
If you give me Mary's phone number, I'll call her.
If Mary's not careful, she's going to get injured.
If Mary really had wanted to do that, she would've
If Mary messes up again, she's going to get fired.
If Mary doesn't want to help, she doesn't have to.
I'm sure Mary will tell us if she needs something.
I'm sure Mary will do anything Tom asks her to do.
I'm pretty sure Mary did that while she was drunk.
I'm not going to let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I'm going to tell Mary what I really think of her.
I'll text Mary and see if she wants to go with us.
I'll tell Mary to call you as soon as she gets in.
I wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
I wonder whether Mary really regrets what she did.
I wonder if Mary really did what she said she did.
I wonder if Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I wish Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she had to do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I was surprised when Mary told me she'd done that.
I was going to tell Mary what we expect her to do.
I told Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with her.
I told Mary not to do that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary I'd be willing to loan her some money.
I told Mary I wouldn't do what she asked me to do.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to drive.
I thought Mary would have all the time she needed.
I thought Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I think Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
I think Mary will be able to do that if she tries.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom that she did that.
I think Mary should be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary might not want to do that by herself.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary could've done that faster by herself.
I think Mary could do that today if she wanted to.
I think Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
I talked to Mary today about what she plans to do.
I should've told Mary why she had to go to Boston.
I should've never let Mary go swimming by herself.
I saw Mary a few minutes ago and she looked tired.
I promised Mary I'd listen to what she had to say.
I looked all over for Mary, but couldn't find her.
I know Mary didn't leave when she was supposed to.
I hope Mary knows why she doesn't need to do that.
I hope Mary knows why she doesn't have to do that.
I hope Mary didn't do what you told her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what we asked her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom told her not to do.
I forgot to tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I forgot to ask Mary what you asked me to ask her.
I fell in love with Mary the first time I saw her.
I emailed Mary and told her I'd be busy next week.
I don't want Mary to go out after dark by herself.
I don't think Mary would do what you said she did.
I don't think Mary loves me as much as I love her.
I don't think Mary likes you the way you like her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is scared of her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is afraid of her.
I don't think Mary knows what she's talking about.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she has to do that today.
I don't know why Mary doesn't want me to help her.
I didn't think Mary would go to Boston by herself.
I didn't think Mary would eat what I made for her.
I didn't show Mary the pictures she wanted to see.
I didn't know Mary was going to Boston by herself.
I didn't know Mary until Tom introduced her to me.
I couldn't help Mary do what she was trying to do.
I asked Mary when she had started studying French.
I asked Mary what she thought was going to happen.
I asked Mary not to go there, but she went anyway.
How did Mary get you to help her clean the garage?
Have you ever asked Mary why she likes doing that?
Eventually, Mary will realize that she needs help.
Even though Mary had a bad cold, she went to work.
Does Mary still do the same things she used to do?
Does Mary really think she can do that by herself?
Does Mary really think Tom is younger than she is?
Does Mary really think Tom enjoys eating with her?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought her?
Do you think Mary can really take care of herself?
Do you remember what time Mary said she'd be here?
Do you really think Mary can take care of herself?
Did you ask Mary who helped her with her homework?
Did you ask Mary what she thought the problem was?
Did Mary tell you how long it took her to do that?
Did Mary really want Tom to go to Boston with her?
Could you please tell Mary that I need to see her?
Are you sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what she said she did?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what Tom said she did?
You seem convinced that Mary did that by herself.
You asked Mary to do that by herself, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she had to do that, didn't you?
Why don't you ask Mary what she's planning to do?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she had to do that?
Why didn't you give Mary the money she asked for?
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays with us.
When Mary left, I told her she'd be back someday.
What time did Mary say she was going to get here?
What time did Mary say she wanted us to be there?
We must make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
Unfortunately, Mary did what you told her not to.
There's no way Mary will ever do that by herself.
The reason Mary isn't here is because she's sick.
The reason Mary got sick was because she overate.
The last time I saw Mary, she was on a stretcher.
The last time I saw Mary she was eating an apple.
Tell Mary we're going to meet her at the airport.
Tell Mary she's going to have to work late today.
Tell Mary I grew up in Boston, just like she did.
Please tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary I'll pick her up at the station.
My advice is to tell Mary what she wants to know.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary's parents are too strict to let her do that.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him that she loved him.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her that envelope.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't go to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary would've eaten more if she hadn't been sick.
Mary would sing another song if you asked her to.
Mary wondered why nobody had told her about that.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to talk to her.
Mary won't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary won't likely be as careful as she should be.
Mary won't be able to do what you want her to do.
Mary wished that she knew Tom's telephone number.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom quit doing that.
Mary will unlikely be able to do that by herself.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary will probably get punished if she does that.
Mary will probably get arrested if she does that.
Mary will probably be starved when she gets home.
Mary will pay me back what she owes me on Monday.
Mary will be absent today because she has a cold.
Mary wasn't surprised when she saw Tom in Boston.
Mary wasn't sure they'd let her stay on the team.
Mary wasn't convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary wasn't able to tell Tom how she really felt.
Mary wasn't able to do that until she was thirty.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she needed to do.
Mary was unwilling to do what we asked her to do.
Mary was told that she isn't required to do that.
Mary was lying when she said she didn't know Tom.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she did that.
Mary was eating an apple the last time I saw her.
Mary was convinced that she'd be able to do that.
Mary was absent from school because she was sick.
Mary was a pretty good singer when she was young.
Mary wants you to do that so she doesn't have to.
Mary wants to know if she can come over and play.
Mary wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
Mary wanted to explain, but Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary wanted Tom to know that she didn't hate him.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean out the garage.
Mary usually reads when she's waiting for people.
Mary usually helps anybody who asks her for help.
Mary used to play the piano when she was younger.
Mary used to do that when she was in high school.
Mary tried to get Tom to go to the park with her.
Mary tried to get Tom to do her homework for her.
Mary told me to meet her in front of the theater.
Mary told me that she's interested in doing that.
Mary told me that she'd be in Boston next Monday.
Mary told me that she'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be upset.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be early.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be angry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be alone.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was unemployed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was suspicious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was prejudiced.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was overweight.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was interested.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was frustrated.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was frightened.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was downstairs.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was dependable.
Mary told me that she has decided not to do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary told me that she and Tom were still married.
Mary told me she'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Mary told me she wouldn't be staying much longer.
Mary told me she wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Mary told me she wasn't going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she usually eats breakfast at seven.
Mary told me she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that that way.
Mary told me she didn't actually want to do that.
Mary told me she couldn't remember what happened.
Mary told me she already knew she had to do that.
Mary told me I was the one she wanted to talk to.
Mary told Tom why she didn't want him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd go to Boston in October.
Mary told Tom that she'd be reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was in Boston last Monday.
Mary told Tom that she was going to go to Boston.
Mary told Tom that she was going to be home late.
Mary told Tom that she was determined to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was be obliged to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought you could do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't ready.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't broke.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't bored.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't awake.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't angry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't alone.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was stubborn.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was prepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was mistaken.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was innocent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was impolite.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was creative.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was confused.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was annoying.
Mary told Tom that she thought Alice wasn't cute.
Mary told Tom that she had a long talk with John.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was mad.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was fat.
Mary told Tom that John was a good friend of her.
Mary told Tom she'd never eat anything John made.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't let him go by himself.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom she was going to eat lunch at home.
Mary told Tom she thought it was time to go home.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that by herself.
Mary thought she was going to be able to do that.
Mary thought she might not need to do that again.
Mary thought she might not have to do that again.
Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary surprised all of us when she went to Boston.
Mary still hasn't told me why she has to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she had to do that.
Mary still hasn't done what she's supposed to do.
Mary still doesn't know why she needs to do that.
Mary started playing drums when she was thirteen.
Mary spoke quietly so she wouldn't wake the baby.
Mary spent the money her father gave her on beer.
Mary sipped the wine that Tom had poured for her.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary should've done that when she had the chance.
Mary should've done that the way you told her to.
Mary should've done that the way Tom told her to.
Mary should probably tell Tom to do that for her.
Mary sells most of the vegetables that she grows.
Mary seldom does what she says she's going to do.
Mary seemed to be aware of what she needed to do.
Mary seemed convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary says that someday she'll be able to do that.
Mary says that she's willing to do that for free.
Mary says that she'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Mary says that she has to go to Boston next week.
Mary says that she can't prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she's tired of everybody's complaining.
Mary says she's no longer interested in painting.
Mary says she's always been interested in sports.
Mary says she's already talked to Tom about that.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary says she'd be willing to loan us some money.
Mary says she won't do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary says she was in Boston the week before last.
Mary says she wants to learn how to speak French.
Mary says she wants to ask me a lot of questions.
Mary says she thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary says she thinks it might be easy to do that.
Mary says she plans to be in Boston next weekend.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help her.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom wanted to move to Boston.
Mary says she just wants to get something to eat.
Mary says she just couldn't allow Tom to do that.
Mary says she isn't in the mood to do that today.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't ask her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can take care of himself.
Mary says she has something to do this afternoon.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that later today.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to school today.
Mary says she doesn't want to go skiing with Tom.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think that'll happen today.
Mary says she doesn't think she ought to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom ought to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom likes to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom likes doing that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how old Tom is.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that right away.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom is doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know where she should park.
Mary says she doesn't know what made her do that.
Mary says she doesn't know if she has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom stays so thin.
Mary says she doesn't know anything about Boston.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that right away.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't have time to eat right now.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't have the energy to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have any desire to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel like eating right now.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that today.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that again.
Mary says she doesn't ever want to do that again.
Mary says she and Tom went to Boston last winter.
Mary says she and Tom usually eat lunch together.
Mary says she and Tom haven't yet discussed that.
Mary says she and Tom haven't discussed that yet.
Mary says everybody she knows has gone to Boston.
Mary saw some guy she didn't know talking to Tom.
Mary saw Tom looking at her from across the room.
Mary said there's nothing she can do to help Tom.
Mary said that she'd be glad to buy that for you.
Mary said that she wasn't going to do that again.
Mary said that she was very reluctant to do that.
Mary said that she was very motivated to do that.
Mary said that she was the one who had done that.
Mary said that she wanted to talk to the manager.
Mary said that she wanted me to give this to Tom.
Mary said that she thought Tom was getting tired.
Mary said that she really did do that by herself.
Mary said that she never expected that to happen.
Mary said that she needed to talk to the manager.
Mary said that she knew Tom was going to be late.
Mary said that she didn't really want to do that.
Mary said that she didn't really need to do that.
Mary said that she didn't really like doing that.
Mary said that she didn't really have to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have much money on her.
Mary said that Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary said she's thinking about taking a vacation.
Mary said she's talked to Tom about that already.
Mary said she's only done that about three times.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom can do that.
Mary said she's looking forward to being retired.
Mary said she's glad that that's going to happen.
Mary said she's faster at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's better at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's always been interested in sports.
Mary said she's already talked to Tom about that.
Mary said she'll do that for us if we ask her to.
Mary said she'd prefer that you not do that here.
Mary said she'd never want to do that by herself.
Mary said she'd let me know if anything happened.
Mary said she'd be willing to do anything for me.
Mary said she'd be happy to answer our questions.
Mary said she wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Mary said she wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary said she would've done that if she could've.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried doing that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary said she wasn't sure she's ready to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to Boston next summer.
Mary said she was working on something important.
Mary said she was trying to figure something out.
Mary said she was sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she was pretty sure that you'd do that.
Mary said she was present at yesterday's meeting.
Mary said she was going to write a letter to Tom.
Mary said she was going to permit Tom to do that.
Mary said she was glad that you did that for her.
Mary said she was glad that you did that for Tom.
Mary said she wanted to take some pictures of us.
Mary said she wanted to see if she could do that.
Mary said she wanted to see if Tom could do that.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Mary said she wanted to do everything by herself.
Mary said she thought that would happen tomorrow.
Mary said she thought that she might be able to win.
Mary said she thought she was too old to do that.
Mary said she thought she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she thought she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would unlikely do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would probably do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be in his office.
Mary said she thought Tom was too old to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom could probably do that.
Mary said she thought I should get more exercise.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was lonely.
Mary said she paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Mary said she needed to get rid of all this junk.
Mary said she learned how to do that last summer.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not need to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that.
Mary said she isn't even going to try to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that by himself.
Mary said she hopes Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would be here today.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that right away.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to do that.
Mary said she had something to do this afternoon.
Mary said she had something important to tell me.
Mary said she had something important to ask Tom.
Mary said she expects to be doing that on Monday.
Mary said she expected Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary said she doesn't want to ever do that again.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that on her own.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she doesn't think she needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom wants to go.
Mary said she doesn't know any of Tom's children.
Mary said she doesn't feel like doing that today.
Mary said she doesn't ever want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want you to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to play tennis with me.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Mary said she didn't want to go swimming with us.
Mary said she didn't want to go drinking with us.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without Tom.
Mary said she didn't want me to worry about that.
Mary said she didn't want me to help her do that.
Mary said she didn't understand why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't think anybody could do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
Mary said she didn't really feel like doing that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom could speak French.
Mary said she didn't have the courage to do that.
Mary said she didn't have many friends in Boston.
Mary said she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she didn't have anything to write with.
Mary said she didn't have anything she had to do.
Mary said she didn't have any trouble doing that.
Mary said she didn't have any idea where Tom was.
Mary said she didn't have a driver's license yet.
Mary said she didn't get enough sleep last night.
Mary said she couldn't figure out how to do that.
Mary said she could swim at least as well as Tom.
Mary said it was her who should help Tom do that.
Mary said it was Tom who borrowed her sunglasses.
Mary said everybody she knows has been to Boston.
Mary said Tom would likely go to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom knew she might not need to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not have to do that.
Mary said I shouldn't do that until she got back.
Mary retired from the company when she turned 65.
Mary refused to do what I told her she had to do.
Mary refused to believe that Tom didn't like her.
Mary really enjoys talking with Tom, doesn't she?
Mary realized there was no way she could do that.
Mary realized that she'd fallen in love with Tom.
Mary realized she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary realized Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary puts salt on just about everything she eats.
Mary promised that she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised she'd do that before she went home.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late again.
Mary promised me she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary promised herself she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she'd never do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary probably won't be hungry when she gets here.
Mary probably doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary pretended that she didn't know Tom was rich.
Mary pretended she didn't see Tom do what he did.
Mary pretended she didn't know what was going on.
Mary pretended she didn't know anything about it.
Mary phoned to say she'll be thirty minutes late.
Mary persuaded Tom to go back to Boston with her.
Mary opened the bag and knew that it wasn't hers.
Mary only eats vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary often reads bedtime stories to her children.
Mary never told me she used to be married to Tom.
Mary never should've tried doing that by herself.
Mary never should've told Tom that she loved him.
Mary never has apologized for what she did to us.
Mary must've traveled a lot when she was younger.
Mary might not have done what people say she did.
Mary may come and visit me any time she wants to.
Mary managed to carry all three boxes by herself.
Mary makes mistakes every time she speaks French.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want me there.
Mary made a fool of herself in front of everyone.
Mary loved writing poems when she was a teenager.
Mary lives downtown not far from where she works.
Mary lived in Boston until she was ten years old.
Mary listens to the radio whenever she's driving.
Mary likes to read when she's waiting for people.
Mary likes Tom, but she's too shy to talk to him.
Mary let us know that she didn't mind doing that.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know how to do that.
Mary learned how to swim when she was very young.
Mary learned how to do that when she was a child.
Mary learned how to do that from her grandfather.
Mary laughed when I told her about what happened.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary knows she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary knows Tom better than she knows anyone else.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do to help.
Mary knew that she was going to get into trouble.
Mary knew she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary kept working even though she was very tired.
Mary kept on walking even though she was in pain.
Mary isn't really going to eat that frog, is she?
Mary isn't going to go to Boston with us, is she?
Mary isn't doing what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary isn't as good at French as you think she is.
Mary is wearing clothes that are too big for her.
Mary is unable to decide who she should vote for.
Mary is supposed to do that before she goes home.
Mary is still waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary is still just as friendly as she used to be.
Mary is saving money so she can buy a motorcycle.
Mary is probably not going to do that by herself.
Mary is probably not as rich as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as rich as she claims to be.
Mary is probably not as busy as you think she is.
Mary is looking for somebody to teach her French.
Mary is likely going to lose everything she owns.
Mary is going to try to convince you to help her.
Mary is going to try to convince Tom to help her.
Mary is going to get very dirty if she does that.
Mary is going to get killed if she's not careful.
Mary is going to get in trouble if she does that.
Mary is going to do whatever she can to help you.
Mary is going to do that the way you told her to.
Mary is going to do everything you ask her to do.
Mary is going to do everything she's asked to do.
Mary is going to be very glad she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be fired if she does that again.
Mary is going to be fined if she does that again.
Mary is going to be exhausted when she gets home.
Mary is fairly sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is already old enough to do that by herself.
Mary is a little bit tired, so she won't do that.
Mary introduced herself to the rest of the class.
Mary immigrated to Australia when she was thirty.
Mary hid under her bed, but her mother found her.
Mary helped herself to another dish of ice cream.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants us to buy.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she needs to do that.
Mary hasn't yet realized that she's made a mistake.
Mary hasn't let her kids do that very many times.
Mary has told Tom that she's required to do that.
Mary has to do that before she can go home today.
Mary has something she'd like to say to everyone.
Mary has something she needs to discuss with Tom.
Mary has played the piano since she was thirteen.
Mary has never gone mountain climbing by herself.
Mary has never apologized for what she did to us.
Mary has finally done what she promised she'd do.
Mary has done that more than she'd like to admit.
Mary has been waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary has been doing that ever since she got home.
Mary had enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary had enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary had enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary gave me three reasons why she couldn't help.
Mary gave away most of her money before she died.
Mary gave Tom the note I'd given her to give him.
Mary gave Tom exactly what he told her he needed.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what time she'd be there.
Mary forgot to lock the front door when she left.
Mary finally noticed that Tom was staring at her.
Mary finally managed to persuade Tom to help her.
Mary figured if Tom could do that, she could too.
Mary expects all three of us to do that with her.
Mary expected Tom to sit with her at the concert.
Mary dropped out of school when she was thirteen.
Mary doesn't want anyone to know that she's rich.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go anywhere without her.
Mary doesn't think they'll permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to live there, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really care whether she wins or not.
Mary doesn't need to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like spinach, so she didn't eat any.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what she's gotten herself into.
Mary doesn't have to stay if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to sing if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to help if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have Tom to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't deserve the salary we're paying her.
Mary does that the way Tom taught her to do that.
Mary does just about everything we ask her to do.
Mary died three days after she arrived in Boston.
Mary didn't want the same thing to happen to her.
Mary didn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary didn't tell the stranger who she really was.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted me to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she wanted to be a scientist.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was about to do.
Mary didn't really enjoy eating with us, did she?
Mary didn't provide details of how she'd do that.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she said she'd pay.
Mary didn't mention where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't lose as much weight as she wanted to.
Mary didn't look like she was having a good time.
Mary didn't know why she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to do that.
Mary didn't know for certain where she should go.
Mary didn't do that as well as I expected her to.
Mary didn't call Tom like she promised she would.
Mary did better this time than she did last time.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be here.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself, I think.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her what was wrong.
Mary couldn't do anything she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't decide what she should buy for Tom.
Mary couldn't borrow as much money as she needed.
Mary could've won if she'd tried a little harder.
Mary could've refused to do that, but she didn't.
Mary could've done better if she'd had more time.
Mary could stay with us tonight if she wanted to.
Mary could be busy now, but I don't think she is.
Mary convinced Tom to buy her an expensive watch.
Mary continued to do that until the day she died.
Mary certainly did everything we asked her to do.
Mary can't really see anything from where she is.
Mary can't play the piano as well as she used to.
Mary can't cook very well, so she often eats out.
Mary called the office to say that she'd be late.
Mary bragged about how well she could play chess.
Mary began writing poems when she was very young.
Mary became a French teacher when she was thirty.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary asked me whether she should help Tom or not.
Mary asked me to give her enough time to do that.
Mary asked me if she could borrow thirty dollars.
Mary asked me if I would help her move her piano.
Mary asked if she was really required to do that.
Mary asked if she really needed to wear a helmet.
Mary asked her father to help her make a snowman.
Mary asked Tom to lend her three hundred dollars.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public anymore.
Mary apparently didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary always tries to do what she thinks is right.
Mary already knows that Tom wants her to do that.
Mary allowed Tom to sit next to her on the bench.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that anymore.
Let's hope Mary didn't do what you think she did.
It's entirely up to Mary whether she goes or not.
It was easy for Mary to convince Tom to help her.
Is Mary wearing the new shirt you bought for her?
If you don't do what Mary says, she'll get angry.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't have done that by herself.
I'm sure Mary understands what we want her to do.
I'm pretty sure Mary did what we asked her to do.
I'm going to allow Mary to do whatever she wants.
I'm certain Mary will do what she says she'll do.
I'll make sure Mary does what we asked her to do.
I wonder whether Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder whether Mary really meant what she said.
I wonder whether Mary knew she needed to do that.
I wonder whether Mary did what she said she'd do.
I wonder if Mary's friends would really help her.
I wonder if Mary really can take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder if Mary can really take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary asked Tom to eat lunch with her.
I wasn't sure what Mary wanted me to buy for her.
I tried to get Mary to help me, but she wouldn't.
I told Mary that she shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Mary that I never wanted to see her again.
I thought Mary wouldn't enjoy camping by herself.
I thought Mary said she liked this kind of music.
I think we shouldn't let Mary do that by herself.
I think that Mary lied to you about what she did.
I think Mary went into the woods to kill herself.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom how she did that.
I think Mary might get punished if she does that.
I think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary could do better if she tried harder.
I should've told Mary that she needed to do that.
I should tell Mary I won't go to Boston with her.
I should probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
I looked Mary in the eyes and told her the truth.
I knew Mary would ask Tom to eat dinner with her.
I hope Mary remembers where she buried the money.
I hope Mary does everything she's promised to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what we told her not to do.
I haven't spoken with Mary since she got married.
I don't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is ignoring her.
I don't think Mary knows who's going to help her.
I don't think Mary knows she's going to be fired.
I don't think Mary knows how Tom feels about her.
I don't think Mary has ever done that by herself.
I didn't want Mary to leave, but she left anyway.
I didn't think Mary would be afraid, but she was.
I didn't notice that Mary was sitting by herself.
I didn't know Mary would go to Boston by herself.
I didn't give Mary the information she requested.
I didn't believe Mary when she said she loved me.
I can't find Mary. I think she must've gone home.
I asked Mary why she did that the way she did it.
I asked Mary when she thought Tom would get here.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go and she said no.
How often does Mary wear that scarf you gave her?
How much time did it take Mary to clean her room?
How long did Mary say she'd been studying French?
How did Mary know she wasn't supposed to do that?
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't do that?
Either Mary doesn't want to do that or she can't.
Does Mary know we can't do that without her help?
Do you want to know why Mary did that by herself?
Do you think Mary can still take care of herself?
Did you tell Mary she's not allowed in this room?
Did you know Mary before she came to work for us?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that by herself?
Did Mary say it was necessary for her to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted you to do?
Did Mary actually do everything she said she did?
Could you please tell Mary I need to talk to her?
Can you please just give Mary whatever she wants?
Ask Mary if she really needs to be there by 2:30.
As soon as Mary heard the phone, she answered it.
You'd think they'd tell Mary what she should do.
You should've told Mary that she had to do that.
You should've let Mary do what she wanted to do.
You should tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
You not only look like Mary, you sound like her.
You can't make Mary help if she doesn't want to.
You asked Mary if she could do that, didn't you?
Would you tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Would you just tell Mary what she did was wrong?
Why should Mary insist that Tom do that for her?
Why don't you just tell Mary you don't like her?
Why don't you just tell Mary you don't like her.
Why don't you ask Mary what she thinks happened?
Who did Mary think was going to do that for her?
When do you think Mary will want us to help her?
When Mary heard about what happened, she smiled.
When I first met Mary, she was still a teenager.
We simply can't just leave Mary here by herself.
We should ask Mary what she thinks we should do.
We know Mary will do whatever we tell her to do.
We hope Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
This is where Mary said she found the gold coin.
They told Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
The only person Mary says she'll talk to is Tom.
Tell Mary I'd like to meet with her immediately.
Talk to Mary and see what she thinks about this.
Should we tell Mary she doesn't need to do that?
Should we tell Mary she doesn't have to do that?
Remind me to thank Mary the next time I see her.
Please tell Mary what you think she ought to do.
Please tell Mary what you think she needs to do.
Please tell Mary that she's required to do that.
Please tell Mary she has to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Mary everything we want her to know.
One of us will have to ask Mary what she thinks.
Maybe Mary thought you wouldn't want to see her.
Maybe Mary should quit before she hurts herself.
Maybe Mary didn't do what everyone says she did.
Mary's memory's getting worse as she gets older.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't like it if she knew you were here.
Mary wouldn't have let her own children do that.
Mary wouldn't drink the coffee Tom made for her.
Mary wouldn't do something like that by herself.
Mary would've done that already if she knew how.
Mary would've done that already if she could've.
Mary would just like to know what she did wrong.
Mary won't talk to Tom and he won't talk to her.
Mary won't stay here as long you think she will.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary won't likely be able to do that by herself.
Mary won't find anybody who'll help her do that.
Mary won't be as busy tomorrow as she was today.
Mary won't be able to move the piano by herself.
Mary won't be able to do what we want her to do.
Mary won't admit that she's done anything wrong.
Mary wished that she had enough money to retire.
Mary will probably get injured if she does that.
Mary will probably be hungry when she gets home.
Mary will probably be hungry when she gets here.
Mary will probably be forgiven for what she did.
Mary will get in trouble if she doesn't do that.
Mary will explain it to you when she comes back.
Mary will be in prison for the rest of her life.
Mary went to Boston, but she didn't go by plane.
Mary wasn't very hungry, so she didn't eat much.
Mary wasn't surprised who showed up to meet her.
Mary wasn't sure whether she should sing or not.
Mary wasn't interested in talking about herself.
Mary wasn't able to read until she was thirteen.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she had to do.
Mary was unable to wait any longer, so she left.
Mary was thirsty, so she drank a glass of water.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary was reading a book the last time I saw her.
Mary was lucky she didn't get seriously injured.
Mary was going to ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary was fatter three years ago than she is now.
Mary was convinced that Tom no longer loved her.
Mary was aware that everyone was looking at her.
Mary was able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary wants to help, but she says she's too busy.
Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't know how.
Mary wants somebody to help her paint her house.
Mary wanted to do that, but she didn't know how.
Mary wanted to do that, but I begged her not to.
Mary wanted me to tell you she can't come today.
Mary wanted me to play chess with her, so I did.
Mary usually helps anyone who asks her for help.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she didn't like him.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to come to her party.
Mary tried to kiss Tom, but she pushed him away.
Mary tried to kiss Tom, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary tried to help Tom, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary took a breath and tried to compose herself.
Mary told us she wouldn't come back before 2:30.
Mary told us she didn't think she could do that.
Mary told me that she'd never go back to Boston.
Mary told me that she'd like to become a doctor.
Mary told me that she'd go to Boston in October.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she was determined to do that.
Mary told me that she wanted to teach me French.
Mary told me that she thought you could do that.
Mary told me that she thought she could do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be late.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be busy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was unmarried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was skeptical.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was obnoxious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was miserable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was in Boston.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was impressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was exhausted.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was dishonest.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was depressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was conceited.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was competent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had done that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been rude.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been hurt.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what that is.
Mary told me that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary told me that she didn't see anyone come in.
Mary told me she's not going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she'd never tell anyone about that.
Mary told me she was planning to move to Boston.
Mary told me she was hoping to get into Harvard.
Mary told me she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she wanted to go mountain climbing.
Mary told me she plans on staying at the Hilton.
Mary told me she isn't going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she had nothing to look forward to.
Mary told me she didn't sleep at all last night.
Mary told me she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary told Tom that she'd decided not to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was unwilling to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was desperate to do that.
Mary told Tom that she told John not to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought he'd been unfair.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't well.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't nice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lost.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't done.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't busy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was worried.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unlucky.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unhappy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was sincere.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was retired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was outside.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was married.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was healthy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was furious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was excited.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was correct.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was at home.
Mary told Tom that she had to leave before 2:30.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was up.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know how to drive.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have enough money.
Mary told Tom not to kiss her in public anymore.
Mary thought she'd have all the time she needed.
Mary thought Tom would likely come to her party.
Mary thought Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary thought Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary thinks she knows how to get to Tom's house.
Mary studied hard so she could get into college.
Mary still hasn't told me why she won't do that.
Mary still hasn't done what you asked her to do.
Mary still has the knapsack her father gave her.
Mary still has a lot of things she wants to buy.
Mary still has a lot of things she needs to buy.
Mary still does that even though she's very old.
Mary stayed home from work because she was sick.
Mary started crying when her father spanked her.
Mary showed the letter she got from Tom to John.
Mary shouldn't have tried to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Mary shouldn't do that kind of thing by herself.
Mary should've waited for us to do that for her.
Mary should tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary should tell Tom that she can't eat peanuts.
Mary should tell Tom she wants him to help John.
Mary should probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she can't do that.
Mary seldom sings, but I think she will tonight.
Mary seems a lot happier since she got divorced.
Mary says there's nothing she can do about that.
Mary says that she's too busy to help Tom today.
Mary says that she walked three miles yesterday.
Mary says that she needs a better tennis racket.
Mary says that she has to go to Boston tomorrow.
Mary says that she doesn't want to eat anything.
Mary says that she and Tom are moving to Boston.
Mary says she's too old to start doing that now.
Mary says she's thinking about moving to Boston.
Mary says she won't have to work overtime today.
Mary says she won't do that unless you help her.
Mary says she wants to do everything by herself.
Mary says she thought Tom had already done that.
Mary says she thinks that's not going to happen.
Mary says she thinks that isn't going to happen.
Mary says she thinks she can do that by herself.
Mary says she sells about thirty of these a day.
Mary says she needs to find someone to help her.
Mary says she knows Tom will eventually do that.
Mary says she just wants to stay for a few days.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't refuse to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that by himself.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can get home by himself.
Mary says she has no idea what needs to be done.
Mary says she expects Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary says she doesn't want to work here anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about school.
Mary says she doesn't want to live in Australia.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll ever do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that now.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really did that.
Mary says she doesn't know what she ought to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom wants to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom ought to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom needs to do.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom will do that.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't feel motivated to do that.
Mary says she didn't know she needed to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom needed to do that.
Mary says she definitely wants to do that again.
Mary says she can't believe Tom really did that.
Mary says she can stay here two or three nights.
Mary says everyone she knows has gone to Boston.
Mary says everybody she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary saw something in the woods that scared her.
Mary sang a lot better than I thought she would.
Mary said your snoring kept her awake all night.
Mary said you're a better guitarist than she is.
Mary said they wouldn't let her do that anymore.
Mary said there's nothing she can do about that.
Mary said the beach was nicer than she expected.
Mary said that she'd do that as soon as she can.
Mary said that she'd be the next one to do that.
Mary said that she'd be glad to do that for you.
Mary said that she was very hesitant to do that.
Mary said that she was the first one to do that.
Mary said that she was interested in doing that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was good-looking.
Mary said that she needed to get some fresh air.
Mary said that she knew she wasn't going to win.
Mary said that she had everything under control.
Mary said that she doesn't know where Tom lives.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat very much.
Mary said that she didn't sleep well last night.
Mary said that she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary said that Tom told her he'd never met John.
Mary said she's really glad she moved to Boston.
Mary said she's only been to Boston three times.
Mary said she's looking forward to visiting Tom.
Mary said she's been trying to do that all week.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that again.
Mary said she's always been pretty good at math.
Mary said she's always been interested in music.
Mary said she'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
Mary said she'll ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Mary said she'd try to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary said she'd rather not go to Boston with us.
Mary said she'd never try to do that on her own.
Mary said she'd never try to do that by herself.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that alone.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary said she'd do that for us if we ask her to.
Mary said she'd be willing to try something new.
Mary said she'd be willing to try anything once.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary said she would've come if we'd invited her.
Mary said she wondered why Tom hadn't done that.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't argued with Tom.
Mary said she wished she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she wasn't willing to help us do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to sign the contract.
Mary said she wasn't going to be at Tom's party.
Mary said she wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Mary said she was too tired to help you do that.
Mary said she was too tired to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was too drunk to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was looking forward to doing that.
Mary said she was hoping we could sing together.
Mary said she was going to permit us to do that.
Mary said she was going to catch the 2:train.
Mary said she was going to allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she wants to do everything by herself.
Mary said she wanted to do that, but she didn't.
Mary said she wanted to be the one who did that.
Mary said she understood what needed to be done.
Mary said she thought she'd forgotten something.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help Tom.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help us do that.
Mary said she thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was good.
Mary said she thought Tom would want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would enjoy the movie.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't having any fun.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom was unhappy in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was likely to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was tired.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was bored.
Mary said she should've stayed in Boston longer.
Mary said she regretted her decision to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she paid thirty dollars for this book.
Mary said she needed to find another babysitter.
Mary said she needed to do that before she left.
Mary said she may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Mary said she likes pizza that way Tom makes it.
Mary said she learned how to do that in October.
Mary said she knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she knew she wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she hoped she'd be allowed to do that.
Mary said she hasn't yet decided what she'll do.
Mary said she hasn't decided what she'll do yet.
Mary said she expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary said she expected Tom to be back on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think you need to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think you have to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom still does that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really did that.
Mary said she doesn't have any plans to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to go camping with us.
Mary said she didn't want to ever do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't want to do that after dark.
Mary said she didn't want to ask you to do that.
Mary said she didn't think that really happened.
Mary said she didn't think anyone could do that.
Mary said she didn't plan to leave anytime soon.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she didn't know how to swim very well.
Mary said she didn't have to do that right away.
Mary said she didn't have to do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't have time to help us today.
Mary said she didn't have time to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have experience doing that.
Mary said she didn't have everything she wanted.
Mary said she didn't have everything she needed.
Mary said she didn't have any idea who did that.
Mary said she didn't have a high school diploma.
Mary said she didn't feel like doing that today.
Mary said she didn't expect anybody to help her.
Mary said she didn't ever want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't do what she should've done.
Mary said she couldn't remember where Tom lived.
Mary said she couldn't provide any more details.
Mary said she assumed Tom would want to do that.
Mary said she I thought I should do that myself.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do what she wants.
Mary said everyone she knows has been to Boston.
Mary said everybody she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary said Tom's horse is a lot faster than hers.
Mary said Tom would be going to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom was happy that she didn't do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might want to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that.
Mary reminded her mother to wake her up at 6:30.
Mary refused to admit that she'd made a mistake.
Mary really needs to do that as soon as she can.
Mary realized she could be making a big mistake.
Mary rarely sings, but I think she will tonight.
Mary promised that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised that she wouldn't be late anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd never do that again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't go out alone.
Mary promised me she wouldn't come here anymore.
Mary promised herself she'd never do that again.
Mary promised Tom she'd try to lose some weight.
Mary promised Tom she'd help him this afternoon.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't complain anymore.
Mary probably thought I didn't know who she was.
Mary probably should do that as soon as she can.
Mary probably knows a lot more than she told us.
Mary probably didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary noticed Tom the moment he entered the room.
Mary never told me that she was going to resign.
Mary never said anything about where she'd been.
Mary never got the chance to eat lunch, did she?
Mary never cleans her room unless I tell her to.
Mary needs to tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary must've had a good reason for what she did.
Mary might've waited longer if you'd called her.
Mary might bring her husband and children with her.
Mary managed to carry both suitcases by herself.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want me here.
Mary looks like she's amused by what's going on.
Mary looked very tired when I saw her yesterday.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry to get home.
Mary looked like she was getting ready to leave.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anything.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she did that.
Mary let Tom know that she was going to do that.
Mary knows there isn't much she can do about it.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be arrested.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to have any fun.
Mary knew that she needed to buy a gift for Tom.
Mary knew that she couldn't reach the top shelf.
Mary knew that Tom wouldn't want to go with her.
Mary knew she was supposed to do that yesterday.
Mary knew it was wrong to do what she was doing.
Mary knew it was Tom who had taken her umbrella.
Mary knew Tom couldn't do that without her help.
Mary kept working even though she was exhausted.
Mary isn't willing to do what we want her to do.
Mary isn't likely to tell Tom she can't do that.
Mary isn't as young as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as sure of herself as she used to be.
Mary isn't as crazy as most people think she is.
Mary is wearing a coat that's too large for her.
Mary is waiting for someone to come pick her up.
Mary is upset because Tom has been ignoring her.
Mary is unwilling to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is trying to figure out what she has to do.
Mary is too young to go out by herself at night.
Mary is the one responsible for this, isn't she?
Mary is saving money so she can go to Australia.
Mary is probably not as old as you think she is.
Mary is particular about what she watches on TV.
Mary is never going to admit that she was wrong.
Mary is lucky that she can take care of herself.
Mary is looking for someone to teach her French.
Mary is good at practically everything she does.
Mary is going to have to do that all by herself.
Mary is going to do whatever you tell her to do.
Mary is going to be in her office all afternoon.
Mary is fortunate that she's allowed to do that.
Mary is better at French than she is at English.
Mary is afraid that the police might arrest her.
Mary introduced herself to everyone in the room.
Mary initially said she wasn't going to do that.
Mary hopes she'll get a chance to do that again.
Mary heard a noise behind her and turned around.
Mary hates Tom, but not as much as he hates her.
Mary hated Tom, but not as much as he hated her.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants us to do.
Mary hasn't yet paid back the money she owes me.
Mary hasn't yet done what we've asked her to do.
Mary hasn't yet done what she promised she'd do.
Mary has to do that even if she doesn't want to.
Mary has to do something she doesn't want to do.
Mary has promised to give me one of her guitars.
Mary has no intention of going there by herself.
Mary has no friends who are willing to help her.
Mary has never asked me to help her do anything.
Mary has hired Tom to take care of her children.
Mary has enough time to do that if she wants to.
Mary has enough money to buy whatever she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy whatever she needs.
Mary has enough money to buy anything she wants.
Mary has done almost nothing we asked her to do.
Mary has been living by herself for three years.
Mary has always been able to get what she wants.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary has already spent all the money I gave her.
Mary has allowed her kids to do that many times.
Mary handed Tom her canteen and he took a drink.
Mary had to admit to herself that Tom was right.
Mary had no intention of going there by herself.
Mary had no idea what Tom thought she should do.
Mary had no idea that Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary had no chance to tell Tom what she thought.
Mary had her chauffeur drive her to the theater.
Mary had her chauffeur drive Tom to the airport.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was a teenager.
Mary got out of the water and dried herself off.
Mary fell asleep while she was watching a movie.
Mary expected Tom to wink at her, but he didn't.
Mary emigrated to Australia when she was thirty.
Mary drove to the hospital as fast as she could.
Mary doesn't yet know whether she can go or not.
Mary doesn't yet know exactly when she'll leave.
Mary doesn't understand what you want her to do.
Mary doesn't think they'll allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able come tomorrow.
Mary doesn't remember the last time she saw Tom.
Mary doesn't remember Tom asking her to do that.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do that.
Mary doesn't need me to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't look like she's having a good time.
Mary doesn't like to tell people how old she is.
Mary doesn't like people telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't know whether she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what Tom would like her to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom thinks she should do.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know anything about this, does she?
Mary doesn't have as much energy as she used to.
Mary doesn't do anything she doesn't have to do.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that by herself.
Mary didn't trust Tom as much as he trusted her.
Mary didn't tell me why she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell me whether or not she did that.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't know how to swim.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Mary didn't tell Tom how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she had to do.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to go with.
Mary didn't say how many times she'd been there.
Mary didn't say anything about why she was late.
Mary didn't really want to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't mention why she was looking for Tom.
Mary didn't mention what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't learn to drive until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know whether she was right or wrong.
Mary didn't know that what she'd done was wrong.
Mary didn't know that she'd done anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should do that.
Mary didn't get up as early as she usually does.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she should've.
Mary did say that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary decided that she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided she was the one who should do that.
Mary couldn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary couldn't make herself understood in French.
Mary couldn't find the words to express herself.
Mary couldn't find the page she was looking for.
Mary couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom really loved her.
Mary could swim a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could sing quite well when she was a child.
Mary claims she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary claimed that she could run faster than Tom.
Mary carefully planned what she was going to do.
Mary called to ask if she should bring anything.
Mary believes that she can take care of herself.
Mary begged her father to buy her a new bicycle.
Mary began writing poetry when she was thirteen.
Mary ate dinner, but she didn't eat any dessert.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured Tom that she'd never do that again.
Mary asked me to help her find her contact lens.
Mary asked Tom where he should put her suitcase.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do the waltz.
Mary asked Tom the same question she'd asked me.
Mary asked Tom if he could give her a ride home.
Mary almost forgot to take an umbrella with her.
Mary almost always does what she promises to do.
Mary admitted that she was the one who did that.
Let's talk to Mary and find out what she thinks.
Let's hope that Mary can handle that by herself.
Let's ask Mary if she knows how to speak French.
It's not necessary for Mary to go there herself.
Is it necessary for Mary to go there by herself?
If Mary was angry before, she'll be furious now.
If Mary drops by, please give her this document.
If Mary doesn't want to go, she doesn't have to.
I've given Mary everything she's ever asked for.
I've already told Mary why she needs to do that.
I'm sure Mary will be hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary will be able take care of herself.
I'll tell Mary she's got nothing to worry about.
I wonder if Mary was able to do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary really knew she should do that.
I wish that Mary would tell me where she's been.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
I told Mary that she shouldn't drink that water.
I told Mary that she should buy the cheaper one.
I told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
I told Mary I couldn't do that without her help.
I thought Mary would be shocked, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary would be at home, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary said she wasn't ready to do that.
I thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
I thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
I think you ought to let Mary do what she wants.
I think you need to tell Mary that you love her.
I think Mary would've come if you'd invited her.
I think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I think Mary could leave today if she wanted to.
I shouldn't have told Mary how I felt about her.
I should've told Mary why she needed to do that.
I knew Mary wouldn't want to do that by herself.
I knew Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
I just told Mary what time she needs to be here.
I gave Mary something that I thought she'd like.
I forgot to remind Mary that she had to do that.
I don't want to bother Mary while she's working.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she should do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows how much Tom loves her.
I don't believe Mary really did that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
I didn't recognize Mary the last time I saw her.
I didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself.
I didn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary why she thought that was important.
I asked Mary if she could have it ready by 2:30.
Have you ever asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Has Mary ever told you why she doesn't like Tom?
Go wake Mary up and tell her breakfast is ready.
Every time I see Mary, she's wearing sunglasses.
Does Mary still do that as often as she used to?
Does Mary know what she's going to do next year?
Do you think that Mary can take care of herself?
Do you really think Mary can do that by herself?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to help?
Did you tell Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Did you tell Mary when we expect her to be here?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't want to do that?
Did Mary tell you she was having money problems?
Did Mary say why she wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Mary say she didn't think we should do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we had to do that?
Did Mary remember to do what we asked her to do?
Could Mary really be as busy as she says she is?
Ask Mary if she has anybody to help her do that.
You told Mary that she was adopted, didn't you?
You told Mary she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You should've told Mary why she had to do that.
You should tell Mary why you disagree with her.
You should tell Mary that she ought to do that.
You should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You should tell Mary that Tom doesn't like her.
You asked Mary why she'd done that, didn't you?
Will Mary really be able to do that by herself?
Why would Mary insist that Tom do that for her?
Why should Mary do that if she doesn't have to?
Why do you think Mary won't do that by herself?
Who did Mary think would pay her bills for her?
When Mary found out the truth, she was furious.
When I first met Mary, she was still a student.
When I first met Mary, she was just a teenager.
What would Mary say if she walked in right now?
What time did Mary say she wanted to get there?
What movie did Mary tell you she wanted to see?
What game did Mary tell you she wanted to play?
What did Mary say she was going to do tomorrow?
We'll ask Mary what she thinks when we see her.
We need to make sure Mary doesn't hurt herself.
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needed to do that?
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't do that.
Please tell Mary she can come back after lunch.
Perhaps Mary would like you to do that for her.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants to do.
Mary's not coming, because I don't want her to.
Mary's dog woke her up a little after midnight.
Mary's doctor advised her to get more exercise.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't like it if Tom tried to kiss her.
Mary wouldn't do that the way you said she did.
Mary wouldn't be here if she didn't have to be.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd worked harder.
Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited her.
Mary would stop doing that if you asked her to.
Mary would stop doing that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would make Tom very happy if she did that.
Mary would like you to show her how to do that.
Mary would do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary would be furious if she knew what you did.
Mary wondered if she should tell Tom the truth.
Mary wondered if Tom was as nervous as she was.
Mary won't find anyone who'll help her do that.
Mary won't find anybody who'll do that for her.
Mary won't be able to move the desk by herself.
Mary won't be able to lift that box by herself.
Mary won't be able to do that while she's sick.
Mary wished that Tom would tell her what to do.
Mary wished she hadn't promised Tom she'd help.
Mary wished she could understand French better.
Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary will probably be tired when she gets home.
Mary will do that later when she's not so busy.
Mary will be very sorry if she doesn't do that.
Mary will ask Tom to do that for us, won't she?
Mary went to the hospital because she was sick.
Mary wasn't sure that she'd ever see Tom again.
Mary wasn't able to do what we asked her to do.
Mary wasn't able find what she was looking for.
Mary was told that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary was told that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary was told not to try to do that by herself.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom doing that.
Mary was sitting all by herself at the counter.
Mary was quite good-looking when she was young.
Mary was probably very tired when she got home.
Mary was living in Boston when I first met her.
Mary was getting ready to leave when I saw her.
Mary was fortunate that Tom helped her do that.
Mary was fired because she couldn't be trusted.
Mary was class president when she was a senior.
Mary was bitten by a dog when she was thirteen.
Mary was afraid to go into the cave by herself.
Mary was afraid that she might lose everything.
Mary wants you to know what she can do to help.
Mary wants me to come back to see her tomorrow.
Mary wanted to get somebody to do that for her.
Mary wanted to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary wanted Tom to wait for her at the library.
Mary used to love Tom. Now she can't stand him.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to sell her his car.
Mary tried to figure out the answer by herself.
Mary tried to do that by herself, but couldn't.
Mary told me why she'd decided to study French.
Mary told me where she hid the stolen diamonds.
Mary told me that she's never coming back here.
Mary told me that she's decided not to do that.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told me that she wasn't feeling very good.
Mary told me that she was the one who did that.
Mary told me that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary told me that she was desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be mad.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was talented.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was reliable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was prepared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was homesick.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was homeless.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was divorced.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was confused.
Mary told me that she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't be home this weekend.
Mary told me she wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary told me she was just trying to be helpful.
Mary told me she wanted to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary told me she thought I was wasting my time.
Mary told me she doesn't want to work with you.
Mary told me she didn't want to move to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't want to live in Boston.
Mary told me she didn't know anybody named Tom.
Mary told me she didn't have very many friends.
Mary told Tom why she couldn't go to his party.
Mary told Tom the story that John had told her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him wash his car.
Mary told Tom that she'd been lonely in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she'd be willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't going to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was prepared to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was finished doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't fat.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was scared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was honest.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was boring.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was biased.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was asleep.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was afraid.
Mary told Tom that she didn't enjoy doing that.
Mary told Tom that she believed what John said.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't mind if he did that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to see him again.
Mary told Tom about the job she'd been offered.
Mary thought she was smarter than anybody else.
Mary thought she was going to have a good time.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary thought Tom was hiding something from her.
Mary thought Tom knew how much she hated opera.
Mary thinks she'll probably never fall in love.
Mary thinks Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary thinks Tom would be angry if she did that.
Mary still hasn't told me what she plans to do.
Mary still hasn't found what she's looking for.
Mary still hasn't done what we asked her to do.
Mary still has a lot of things she wants to do.
Mary still has a lot of things she needs to do.
Mary still doesn't know why she has to do that.
Mary showed up at the party with her boyfriend.
Mary should've done that the way we showed her.
Mary should've done that the way I told her to.
Mary should've been able to do that on her own.
Mary should've been able to do that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary should tell Tom she won't be at his party.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to quit her job.
Mary should do what her teacher told her to do.
Mary seems to be unaware of what she has to do.
Mary seems to be aware of what she needs to do.
Mary seems convinced that she needs to do that.
Mary seemed to know what she was talking about.
Mary seemed to know exactly what she was doing.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her about it.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like going out.
Mary says that she can prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she's thinking about getting married.
Mary says she's thinking about becoming a cook.
Mary says she's already decided not to do that.
Mary says she'll be present at today's meeting.
Mary says she'd rather do that some other time.
Mary says she won't be bullied into doing that.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that anymore.
Mary says she wants to travel around the world.
Mary says she wants to buy one of my paintings.
Mary says she thinks she'll be able to do that.
Mary says she still can't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she saw people running and screaming.
Mary says she plans on staying here all summer.
Mary says she needs to finish what she's doing.
Mary says she likes Boston better than Chicago.
Mary says she hopes Tom will help her tomorrow.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't try to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can do that by himself.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom for three months.
Mary says she has no desire to do that anymore.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary says she expects Tom to be back on Monday.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that with you.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that with Tom.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom for help.
Mary says she doesn't think you should do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom should do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that now.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Mary says she definitely won't do that anymore.
Mary says everyone she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary sang better tonight than she usually does.
Mary said that she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't ready to get married.
Mary said that she wasn't motivated to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't able to walk anymore.
Mary said that she was very tempted to do that.
Mary said that she was very anxious to do that.
Mary said that she was the last one to do that.
Mary said that she was glad she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she wanted to borrow some money.
Mary said that she told Tom to do his homework.
Mary said that she needed to borrow some money.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat anything.
Mary said that she didn't want to be disturbed.
Mary said that she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary said that she did her homework by herself.
Mary said she's very sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's really sorry for what happened.
Mary said she's really glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she's quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's not looking for a relationship.
Mary said she's glad that you did that for her.
Mary said she's glad Tom has finally graduated.
Mary said she's been trying to do that all day.
Mary said she's been asked not do that anymore.
Mary said she'll try to buy everything we need.
Mary said she'll help me get everything I need.
Mary said she'd try to do that again on Monday.
Mary said she'd try doing that again on Monday.
Mary said she'd rather not ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd rather do that some other time.
Mary said she'd help me do what I needed to do.
Mary said she'd be willing to help Tom do that.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for free.
Mary said she'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Mary said she'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Mary said she wouldn't mind doing that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Mary said she wasn't willing to take that risk.
Mary said she wasn't willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to help her.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to be there.
Mary said she was too drunk to help me do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was hoping we could eat together.
Mary said she was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she was going to allow us to do that.
Mary said she was glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said she was glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she was concerned about that problem.
Mary said she was asked not to do that anymore.
Mary said she was afraid to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to stay home this weekend.
Mary said she wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she thought she could do that for me.
Mary said she thought doing that would be safe.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom isn't able to do that.
Mary said she suspected that Tom would do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have walked home alone.
Mary said she really did want to be here today.
Mary said she needs to find another babysitter.
Mary said she needed to do that sometime today.
Mary said she needed a special tool to do that.
Mary said she left a few minutes after Tom did.
Mary said she learned how to do that on Monday.
Mary said she learned how to do that in Boston.
Mary said she hopes to be back by October 20th.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't let John do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that by alone.
Mary said she hoped she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she hoped she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she hoped Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary said she hasn't met any of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she had a good reason for doing that.
Mary said she figured she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think she has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary said she doesn't mind buying that for you.
Mary said she doesn't know how to speak French.
Mary said she didn't want you to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to stay home all day.
Mary said she didn't want to do that right now.
Mary said she didn't want that to happen again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really did that.
Mary said she didn't really feel like laughing.
Mary said she didn't really care what happened.
Mary said she didn't like the way Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she didn't have very much experience.
Mary said she didn't have to worry about money.
Mary said she didn't have to do that right now.
Mary said she didn't have to do that every day.
Mary said she didn't have any time to watch TV.
Mary said she didn't have any plans to do that.
Mary said she didn't expect anyone to help her.
Mary said she didn't expect anybody to do that.
Mary said she didn't believe that would happen.
Mary said she didn't believe Tom could do that.
Mary said she did that as quickly as she could.
Mary said she couldn't remember how to do that.
Mary said she couldn't keep Tom for doing that.
Mary said she asked herself that same question.
Mary said she and Tom had a fight this morning.
Mary said it was more harder than she expected.
Mary said her father told her never to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary said Tom wasn't going to do that with her.
Mary said Tom told her he was ready to do that.
Mary said I didn't sound as excited as she was.
Mary said I could wait here until she got back.
Mary remembered the last time she'd hugged Tom.
Mary realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary realized she'd forgotten to lock the door.
Mary realized she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary promised to come, but she never showed up.
Mary promised that she'd never lie to me again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised me she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't try to kiss him.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary probably won't want to do that by herself.
Mary probably won't do what she says she'll do.
Mary probably knows more than she's telling us.
Mary probably doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary probably didn't really mean what she said.
Mary pretended that she was having a good time.
Mary pretended that she didn't know the answer.
Mary played basketball when she was in college.
Mary parked her car in front of a fire hydrant.
Mary often reads when she's waiting for people.
Mary never told me she wanted to go to Harvard.
Mary never told me she didn't know how to swim.
Mary needs to go back home to get her passport.
Mary needs at least $to buy what she needs.
Mary must've been very tired when she got home.
Mary must be busier now than she was last year.
Mary might not be as smart as you think she is.
Mary might not be as happy as you think she is.
Mary might like it, but I don't think she will.
Mary might get arrested if she does that again.
Mary may not want to do that, but she needs to.
Mary managed to get out of the pool by herself.
Mary made a list of places she wanted to visit.
Mary looks exactly the same as she always does.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry to do that.
Mary looked like she was going to start crying.
Mary looked like she was getting ready for bed.
Mary looked like she was determined to do that.
Mary looked at herself in the rear-view mirror.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anybody.
Mary likes to do that whenever she's in Boston.
Mary likes doing that whenever she's in Boston.
Mary let me know that she was going to do that.
Mary let Tom know that she'd done that already.
Mary let Tom know that she'd already done that.
Mary left her suitcase in the trunk of her car.
Mary learned how to do that when she was a kid.
Mary knows what time she's supposed to be here.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her very much.
Mary knows something that she's not telling us.
Mary knows she's wrong, but she won't admit it.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary knew why Tom didn't want her at his party.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be elected.
Mary knew that she was going to need some help.
Mary knew she wasn't going to win the argument.
Mary knew she should wait, but she left anyway.
Mary knew she might need to do that by herself.
Mary knew she might have to do that by herself.
Mary just called me to tell me that she's lost.
Mary isn't the kind of person you think she is.
Mary isn't quite sure what she should be doing.
Mary isn't quite as reliable as she used to be.
Mary isn't likely be punished for what she did.
Mary isn't going to have to do that by herself.
Mary isn't doing that the way I told her to.
Mary isn't as rich as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as poor as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as good a golfer as she says she is.
Mary isn't as crazy as everybody thinks she is.
Mary is younger than you probably think she is.
Mary is willing to help us tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for someone to do that for her.
Mary is waiting for Tom to tell her what to do.
Mary is very sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is unwilling to do what we want her to do.
Mary is unlikely to do what she says she'll do.
Mary is trying to do what she's supposed to do.
Mary is tired of people telling her what to do.
Mary is thinking about what she should do next.
Mary is stronger than most people think she is.
Mary is still living on Park Street, isn't she?
Mary is still just a kid, so let's forgive her.
Mary is smarter than you probably think she is.
Mary is quite capable of looking after herself.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary is probably going to be safe where she is.
Mary is planning to be at the party, isn't she?
Mary is never going to pay me what she owes me.
Mary is lying. I didn't do what she says I did.
Mary is lucky that she's still able to do that.
Mary is likely to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is likely to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is going to get hurt if she's not careful.
Mary is going to do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary is going to do that the way I told her to.
Mary is going to be starved when she gets home.
Mary is going to be furious when she finds out.
Mary is going to ask Tom to do that, isn't she?
Mary is doing everything she can to save money.
Mary is confident she can take care of herself.
Mary is careful about what she eats and drinks.
Mary is always asking me to get things for her.
Mary is afraid to go out after dark, isn't she?
Mary is a liar if she says she saw us together.
Mary injured herself when she tried to do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she didn't do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me who helped her do that.
Mary hasn't yet decided what she's going to do.
Mary hasn't told me yet why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't done everything she was told to do.
Mary hasn't decided what she's going to do yet.
Mary has told me she'll study French next year.
Mary has three months left until she graduates.
Mary has three extra tickets she wants to sell.
Mary has no idea when Tom wants her to do that.
Mary has just told me that she found a new job.
Mary has finally found something she's good at.
Mary has evidently made up her mind to do that.
Mary has been to your place before, hasn't she?
Mary has been staying with her uncle in Boston.
Mary has been living in Boston with her father.
Mary has been living by herself since Tom died.
Mary has asked Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary has already told Tom she wants to do that.
Mary has admitted that she stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to do today.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to do today.
Mary hardly ever spends time with her children.
Mary had to do something she didn't want to do.
Mary had only herself to blame for the failure.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary had difficulty convincing Tom to help her.
Mary got up early so she could see the sunrise.
Mary got to where she couldn't do that anymore.
Mary got married when she was thirty years old.
Mary found the key that she thought she'd lost.
Mary enjoyed herself at the dance last weekend.
Mary eats chocolate ice cream whenever she can.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary drank the whole bottle of milk by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary doesn't think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she's capable of doing that.
Mary doesn't think she really needs to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't really think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really enjoy doing that, does she?
Mary doesn't often talk about her private life.
Mary doesn't need to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like it when people say no to her.
Mary doesn't like anybody and nobody likes her.
Mary doesn't know whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't know that Tom thinks she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know that Tom is in love with her.
Mary doesn't know much about sailing, does she?
Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't have to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't go fishing as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't come here as often as she used to.
Mary didn't want to admit that she didn't know.
Mary didn't want to admit she couldn't do that.
Mary didn't tell me that she grew up in Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed more money.
Mary didn't tell Tom she'd been married before.
Mary didn't tell Tom she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't seem to really be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't seem to like talking about herself.
Mary didn't seem to know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to have everything she needed.
Mary didn't say when she was planning to leave.
Mary didn't really seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't really mean what she said, did she?
Mary didn't often do that when she was younger.
Mary didn't notice that she was being followed.
Mary didn't notice that Tom was staring at her.
Mary didn't look like she was enjoying herself.
Mary didn't like to do that when she was a kid.
Mary didn't let her children go to Tom's party.
Mary didn't learn to swim until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that today.
Mary didn't know that Tom was in love with her.
Mary didn't have to stay if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to help us today, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to get up as early as she did.
Mary didn't have to come if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have permission to do what she did.
Mary didn't give Tom her real telephone number.
Mary didn't even notice Tom was looking at her.
Mary didn't eat as much as I thought she'd eat.
Mary didn't do that because she didn't want to.
Mary didn't buy me what she promised she'd buy.
Mary didn't buy everything we asked her to buy.
Mary didn't actually do what she said she'd do.
Mary did study, but she didn't study very much.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help.
Mary decided that she wanted to live in Boston.
Mary decided that she wanted to eat by herself.
Mary decided she was too old for rock climbing.
Mary couldn't tell time until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't go swimming because she was sick.
Mary could've been there, but I didn't see her.
Mary could run a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
Mary could get arrested if she does that again.
Mary could do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary complained that she had too much homework.
Mary complained about the way they treated her.
Mary claims she's able to take care of herself.
Mary claimed she walked from Boston to Chicago.
Mary certainly appeared to be enjoying herself.
Mary carries a harmonica with her at all times.
Mary carries a harmonica with her all the time.
Mary can't do that alone. You need to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. You have to help her.
Mary can go swimming right now if she wants to.
Mary bought herself a new guitar for Christmas.
Mary bought Tom everything he asked her to buy.
Mary began writing songs when she was thirteen.
Mary assured us that she won't do that anymore.
Mary assured me that she'd never do that again.
Mary asked us if we'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked me to wait here until she came back.
Mary asked me to tell her why I didn't do that.
Mary asked me if she could go home early today.
Mary asked if it would be safe if she did that.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive a car.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked Tom not to wake her up before seven.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his bicycle.
Mary asked Tom if he'd mind doing that for her.
Mary asked Tom if he could make her a sandwich.
Mary admitted to Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen money from Tom.
Make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Just tell Mary she'll have to wait another day.
It's necessary for Mary to talk to Tom herself.
Is it necessary for Mary to do that by herself?
I've already given Mary what she really wanted.
I'm sure Mary will be tired when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary appreciated what you did for her.
I'm pretty sure Mary did what she said she did.
I'm looking for Mary. Do you know where she is?
I'm going over to Mary's to ask her to help us.
I'll buy whatever Mary wants me to buy for her.
I wouldn't forgive Mary even if she apologized.
I wonder why Mary didn't want Tom at her party.
I wonder whether Mary's friends would help her.
I wonder whether Mary can take care of herself.
I was surprised when Mary told me she loved me.
I was looking for Mary, but she found me first.
I want to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I told Mary that she should do that by herself.
I told Mary I wanted her to come here tomorrow.
I told Mary I thought she was wasting her time.
I thought Mary would figure it out for herself.
I thought Mary was wasting her time doing that.
I thought Mary said she needed to buy a shovel.
I think you should tell Mary that you love her.
I think you should let Mary do that by herself.
I think Mary would like you to do that for her.
I think Mary would do that if you asked her to.
I think Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
I think Mary will be hungry when she gets home.
I think Mary said she's already read this book.
I think Mary knows she needs to help Tom today.
I think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary did exactly what she said she did.
I think Mary came to Boston when she was young.
I suggest you let Mary do what she wants to do.
I should probably tell Mary what she has to do.
I promised Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I never even got to tell Mary that I loved her.
I looked around for Mary, but I didn't see her.
I hope Mary sings the song I asked her to sing.
I hope Mary likes the present I bought for her.
I hope Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom broke up.
I have a feeling Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is mad at her.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to buy.
I don't think Mary knows that I don't like her.
I don't know how Mary did that, but she did it.
I don't believe Mary did what Tom said she did.
I didn't think Mary would do that, but she did.
I didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that.
I didn't tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I didn't really think Mary did that by herself.
I didn't do what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I convinced Mary to lie about where she'd been.
How did Mary react when she saw Tom doing that?
How did Mary get Tom to give her so much money?
Has Mary told you why she doesn't want to stay?
Find Mary and tell her to come here right away.
Does Mary think she'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you think Mary will let Tom do that for her?
Do you really think Mary will let you help her?
Do you have any idea why Mary did what she did?
Did you tell Mary she could go see Tom tonight?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't here yesterday?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't at the meeting?
Did Mary tell you about what she did last week?
Did Mary say she thought she needed to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you why she never remarried?
Ask Mary whether she's going to do that or not.
Ask Mary if she has anyone to help her do that.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to leave her alone.
You should just let Mary cry herself to sleep.
You can't exactly blame Mary for what she did.
Why would Mary do that if she doesn't have to?
Who's going to tell Mary she can't go with us?
Who did Mary think would lend her an umbrella?
Who did Mary say she wanted to go skiing with?
When I told Mary I'd done that, she got angry.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her much.
What was Mary doing the last time you saw her?
What time did Mary tell you she'd be arriving?
What do you want me to tell Mary if she calls?
What did you tell Mary she was supposed to do?
What did you tell Mary she was expected to do?
What did Mary tell you she was supposed to do?
What did Mary tell you she was expected to do?
We're not going to leave Mary here by herself.
We need to stop Mary before she hurts herself.
We can't let Mary walk. Let's give her a ride.
We all hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
Was it you who told Mary she ought to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needs to do that?
This is where Mary stays when she's in Boston.
Tell Mary to get back here as soon as she can.
Tell Mary Tom is waiting for her in the lobby.
Since Mary was sick, she went to the hospital.
Since Mary was sick, she couldn't go swimming.
Please tell Mary what you think she should do.
Please tell Mary she needs to be here by 2:30.
Perhaps Mary knows more than she's telling us.
One of Mary's problems is that she can't read.
None of Mary's classmates offered to help her.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary's still taking her medication, isn't she?
Mary's parents let her stay out late at night.
Mary's parents are probably worried about her.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants.
Mary's mother told her not to jump on her bed.
Mary's friends knew she couldn't speak French.
Mary's friends asked her to come out and play.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drink wine.
Mary's doctor advised her to give up drinking.
Mary's at the door. Please ask her to come in.
Mary wouldn't tell us where she hid the money.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't let anybody do anything for her.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd tried harder.
Mary would tell me if she wasn't happy, right?
Mary would often do that when she was younger.
Mary would never do that when she was younger.
Mary would lend you money if you asked her to.
Mary would leave early if she were allowed to.
Mary wondered why everyone was staring at her.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to help her.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary won't likely enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary won't know we're here unless we tell her.
Mary won't find anyone who'll do that for her.
Mary won't admit it, but she's in big trouble.
Mary wished she hadn't told Tom she loved him.
Mary will unlikely want to do that by herself.
Mary will unlikely need to do that by herself.
Mary will unlikely have to do that by herself.
Mary will probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary will probably get fined if she does that.
Mary will never be able to do that by herself.
Mary will miss the train if she doesn't hurry.
Mary will likely be punished for what she did.
Mary will likely be hungry when she gets home.
Mary will help you do that if you want her to.
Mary will help Tom do that if she asks her to.
Mary will have to take better care of herself.
Mary will come back home when she gets hungry.
Mary will be living in Boston with her father.
Mary went back to where she'd met Tom earlier.
Mary went back to her car to get her umbrella.
Mary wasn't convinced that she had to do that.
Mary wasn't able to eat as much she wanted to.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she had to do.
Mary wasn't able to buy everything she needed.
Mary was upset when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary was unable to do what we asked her to do.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom in Boston.
Mary was so tired she didn't even want to eat.
Mary was shocked when I told her what Tom did.
Mary was paid thirty dollars for what she did.
Mary was hoping she could go sailing with Tom.
Mary was dancing by herself on the back porch.
Mary was convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary was born in Boston and she grew up there.
Mary was able to solve the problem by herself.
Mary was a bit surprised by what Tom told her.
Mary wants to get somebody to do that for her.
Mary wanted to live close to where she worked.
Mary wanted to know who was going to help her.
Mary wanted to help, but she didn't have time.
Mary wanted to get someone to do that for her.
Mary wanted the job, but they didn't hire her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her that he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to show her how to make pizza.
Mary wanted Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary wanted Tom to help her solve the problem.
Mary visits me every time she comes to Boston.
Mary visits Tom every time she goes to Boston.
Mary used to do that, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to do that better than she does now.
Mary used the money I gave her to buy a bicycle.
Mary tried to open the door, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to leave, but Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary tried to convince Tom that she'd changed.
Mary tried to convince Tom that she was right.
Mary tried not to think about what she'd done.
Mary took something that didn't belong to her.
Mary took off her jacket and handed it to Tom.
Mary told me that she's determined to do that.
Mary told me that she'd be willing to do that.
Mary told me that she wasn't scared of snakes.
Mary told me that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary told me that she thought she had the flu.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was worried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was thirsty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was strange.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sincere.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was serious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was selfish.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was retired.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was puzzled.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was outside.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nervous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was married.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was jealous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was correct.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was adopted.
Mary told me that she thought Tom looked pale.
Mary told me that she thought Tom knew French.
Mary told me that she saw someone kissing Tom.
Mary told me that she liked working in Boston.
Mary told me that she hadn't seen Tom all day.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what to do.
Mary told me that she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary told me she's still not fluent in French.
Mary told me she's not going to do that again.
Mary told me she'd wait until 2:to do that.
Mary told me she'd do that if I did that, too.
Mary told me she'd be glad to help me do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Mary told me she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary told me she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary told me she wanted to do that by herself.
Mary told me she wanted me to stop doing that.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that for her.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that for Tom.
Mary told me she thought this was a good idea.
Mary told me she thought she wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she thought she couldn't do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom couldn't do that.
Mary told me she needed to buy a new computer.
Mary told me she had to go back to the office.
Mary told me she didn't like living in Boston.
Mary told me she didn't know why Tom had left.
Mary told me she already has plans for Monday.
Mary told everyone that she'd passed the exam.
Mary told Tom why she needed to buy a new car.
Mary told Tom to give her a call after dinner.
Mary told Tom that she'd seen John with Alice.
Mary told Tom that she'd seen John in October.
Mary told Tom that she'd be unable to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be likely to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't sure what to do.
Mary told Tom that she was through doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was tempted to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was obliged to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to study French.
Mary told Tom that she used to live in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was upset.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was tired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was right.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was ready.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was pushy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lucky.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was funny.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was drunk.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was crazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was broke.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was brave.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was bossy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was bored.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was awake.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was angry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was alone.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was alive.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't like doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know what to do.
Mary told Tom she was almost ready to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want anything to eat.
Mary thought she'd forgotten to lock the door.
Mary thought she was going to win the contest.
Mary thought she was going to enjoy the party.
Mary thought she might be required to do that.
Mary thought she heard a mouse in the kitchen.
Mary thought she had come up with a good plan.
Mary thought she had a chance to win the race.
Mary thought Tom knew why she didn't like him.
Mary thinks some of her friends might do that.
Mary thinks some of her friends could do that.
Mary thinks she'll go shopping this afternoon.
Mary thinks she speaks French better than Tom.
Mary talked Tom into going to Boston with her.
Mary studies much harder now than she used to.
Mary stressed that she didn't want to do that.
Mary still has a lot of things she has to buy.
Mary still doesn't realize that Tom hates her.
Mary started doing that when she was thirteen.
Mary spends a lot of her free time doing that.
Mary sold the guitar that her father gave her.
Mary showed me a drawing of Tom that she drew.
Mary showed Tom some pictures of her hometown.
Mary showed Tom several pictures of her house.
Mary shouldn't have gone to Boston by herself.
Mary should've visited Boston, but she didn't.
Mary should've told Tom about what she'd done.
Mary should've gone to Tom's house by herself.
Mary should've done that the way I showed her.
Mary should've done that before she went home.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary should tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
Mary seemed to be aware of what she had to do.
Mary seemed convinced that she had to do that.
Mary says that she'll teach French to my kids.
Mary says that she'd like to do that with you.
Mary says that she won't shake hands with Tom.
Mary says she's too tired to do anything else.
Mary says she's too tired to do any more work.
Mary says she's thinking about not doing that.
Mary says she's not willing to take that risk.
Mary says she's never tried eating whale meat.
Mary says she's never seen anything like that.
Mary says she's always wanted to study French.
Mary says she's always wanted to go to Boston.
Mary says she'll give us all the time we need.
Mary says she'll do that when she's in Boston.
Mary says she'd rather not do that by herself.
Mary says she wants to learn to drive a truck.
Mary says she wants to get married right away.
Mary says she wants to get a driver's license.
Mary says she thinks she can probably do that.
Mary says she thinks it's possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom would really do that.
Mary says she regrets that she didn't do that.
Mary says she regrets having been rude to you.
Mary says she needs to find someplace to live.
Mary says she needs to be in Boston next week.
Mary says she knows Tom won't want to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't need to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't have to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't eat raw carrots.
Mary says she just wants some peace and quiet.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't have to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom wants to do that, too.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can help her tomorrow.
Mary says she has other things to worry about.
Mary says she has enough money to buy a house.
Mary says she forgot to remind Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about that.
Mary says she doesn't want to see Tom anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't think she could do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know where to go.
Mary says she doesn't really know what to buy.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't know what she should do.
Mary says she doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom should do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom has to do.
Mary says she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Mary says she can already do that fairly well.
Mary says she and Tom seldom eat out together.
Mary says it's urgent that she speak with you.
Mary saw something she wasn't supposed to see.
Mary sat down next to someone she didn't know.
Mary said you're better at French than she is.
Mary said they wouldn't permit her to do that.
Mary said that wasn't the reason she did that.
Mary said that she'll go to Boston next month.
Mary said that she'd interested in doing that.
Mary said that she wouldn't obey those orders.
Mary said that she wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't at home last Monday.
Mary said that she was very glad she did that.
Mary said that she was very glad Tom did that.
Mary said that she was glad that she did that.
Mary said that she was glad that Tom did that.
Mary said that she thought that it might rain.
Mary said that she thought Tom would be early.
Mary said that she likes hanging out with Tom.
Mary said that she didn't think it would rain.
Mary said that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have a lot of money.
Mary said that she could make it to the party.
Mary said she's really glad she could do that.
Mary said she's ready to do whatever it takes.
Mary said she's only gone camping three times.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's looking forward to seeing Tom.
Mary said she's looking forward to doing that.
Mary said she's happy that you didn't do that.
Mary said she's gone sailing only three times.
Mary said she's glad you were able to do that.
Mary said she's glad she was asked to do that.
Mary said she's faster at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's determined to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's better at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's been trying to be cooperative.
Mary said she's been told not do that anymore.
Mary said she'll stay where she is until 2:30.
Mary said she'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Mary said she'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather not do that by herself.
Mary said she'd like to know why you did that.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom did that.
Mary said she'd do that, so you don't have to.
Mary said she'd come, but she never showed up.
Mary said she'd been asked a lot of questions.
Mary said she'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for you.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd be here, but I can't find her.
Mary said she'd be back the Monday after next.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't show me how to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do anything about that.
Mary said she wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wondered why Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she won't do that unless I help her.
Mary said she wished she hadn't yelled at Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom drive.
Mary said she wished she hadn't eaten so much.
Mary said she wished she hadn't drunk so much.
Mary said she wasn't interested in doing that.
Mary said she wasn't going to let Tom do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to help us anymore.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
Mary said she was willing to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was willing to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she was willing to babysit our kids.
Mary said she was too tired to go any further.
Mary said she was too out of shape to do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help me do that.
Mary said she was told not to do that anymore.
Mary said she was tired and wanted to go home.
Mary said she was looking for a job in Boston.
Mary said she was just about ready to do that.
Mary said she was going to do that by herself.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she wants go back to Boston someday.
Mary said she wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Mary said she wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Mary said she wanted to see us before we left.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Mary said she wanted to buy something cheaper.
Mary said she thought you could help us today.
Mary said she thought we might have a problem.
Mary said she thought that would never happen.
Mary said she thought that Tom was having fun.
Mary said she thought that John was Tom's son.
Mary said she thought she should study French.
Mary said she thought she knew how to do that.
Mary said she thought she had to study French.
Mary said she thought she had to speak French.
Mary said she thought she could pass the test.
Mary said she thought she could help us today.
Mary said she thought she could do that today.
Mary said she thought doing that would be fun.
Mary said she thought Tom would be suspicious.
Mary said she thought Tom would be reasonable.
Mary said she thought Tom would be interested.
Mary said she thought Tom would be doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to win.
Mary said she thought Tom might help us today.
Mary said she thought Tom might be frightened.
Mary said she thought I might want to do that.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that.
Mary said she still had a lot of things to do.
Mary said she saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Mary said she remembers asking Tom to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she probably isn't going to do that.
Mary said she needed to sort a few things out.
Mary said she needed to get in touch with Tom.
Mary said she needed to buy something for Tom.
Mary said she needed my help, so I helped her.
Mary said she learned how to do that from Tom.
Mary said she knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Mary said she knew that Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she isn't going to be here tomorrow.
Mary said she isn't going to Tom's party tonight.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't want to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't need to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't have to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries his best to win.
Mary said she hoped that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be at the dance.
Mary said she hadn't seen Tom for a long time.
Mary said she hadn't intended to stay so long.
Mary said she hadn't done that in three years.
Mary said she had to buy some flowers for Tom.
Mary said she had something going on tomorrow.
Mary said she had plenty of friends in Boston.
Mary said she had more important things to do.
Mary said she had a difficult time doing that.
Mary said she found something under the couch.
Mary said she expects Tom to help her do that.
Mary said she expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary said she doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that for you.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that for Tom.
Mary said she doesn't know Tom's phone number.
Mary said she didn't want to make you do that.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to do that that way.
Mary said she didn't want to borrow any money.
Mary said she didn't think Tom should do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary said she didn't know who she could trust.
Mary said she didn't know anything about that.
Mary said she didn't have to work next Monday.
Mary said she didn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have any books in French.
Mary said she didn't feel like talking to Tom.
Mary said she didn't expect anyone to do that.
Mary said she didn't do what Tom said she did.
Mary said she couldn't see herself doing that.
Mary said she couldn't give us what we wanted.
Mary said she couldn't afford to see a doctor.
Mary said nobody else was willing to help her.
Mary said no one else was willing to help her.
Mary said Tom was willing to help her do that.
Mary said Tom didn't want to do that with her.
Mary said I was the only one who believed her.
Mary said Boston was warmer than she expected.
Mary said Boston was hotter than she expected.
Mary said Boston was cooler than she expected.
Mary said Boston was colder than she expected.
Mary regrets telling Tom her telephone number.
Mary realized she no longer needed to do that.
Mary read the letter she got from Tom to John.
Mary ran too fast for us to catch up with her.
Mary ran too fast for me to catch up with her.
Mary ran away from home when she was thirteen.
Mary promised us she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised that she'd come, but she didn't.
Mary promised that she wouldn't drink anymore.
Mary promised that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised that she wouldn't be late again.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me she wouldn't come here again.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't ever leave him.
Mary probably won't do what we want her to do.
Mary probably wishes she hadn't eaten so much.
Mary probably should've asked Tom to help her.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom hates her.
Mary probably doesn't know she should do that.
Mary pretended that she knew nothing about it.
Mary pretended that she couldn't speak French.
Mary pretended she couldn't understand French.
Mary poured some milk into a bowl for her cat.
Mary poured another glass of wine for herself.
Mary plays her guitar about three hours a day.
Mary played the clarinet when she was younger.
Mary overheard Tom and John talking about her.
Mary never told me she used to live in Boston.
Mary never should've let Tom out of her sight.
Mary never lets anyone forget that she's rich.
Mary never got the chance to do that, did she?
Mary never does anything unless I tell her to.
Mary never did anything she didn't want to do.
Mary moved to Boston soon after she graduated.
Mary might run into Tom while she's in Boston.
Mary might not know what she's supposed to do.
Mary might not be as rich as you think she is.
Mary might not be as happy as we think she is.
Mary might get killed if she tries to do that.
Mary may not be as hungry as you think she is.
Mary married a man three years older than her.
Mary made up her mind to try doing that again.
Mary loved Tom, but he didn't like her at all.
Mary lost her temper and threw her cup at Tom.
Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw her.
Mary looked like she wasn't feeling very well.
Mary looked like she was reluctant to do that.
Mary looked like she was desperate to do that.
Mary looked at herself in the bathroom mirror.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anyone.
Mary likes to do almost everything by herself.
Mary lied to us about how much money she made.
Mary let us know that she didn't mind driving.
Mary knows that she sometimes drinks too much.
Mary knows she's supposed to do that tomorrow.
Mary knew you'd try to convince her not to go.
Mary knew there was nothing more she could do.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be chosen.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be elected.
Mary knew that Tom wasn't really angry at her.
Mary knew she was the best player on the team.
Mary knew she shouldn't tell Tom, but she did.
Mary knew she had to do something to help Tom.
Mary killed herself on her thirtieth birthday.
Mary kept on working even though she was sick.
Mary isn't doing that the way she was told to.
Mary isn't as old as most people think she is.
Mary isn't actually going to eat that, is she?
Mary isn't able to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is younger than most people think she is.
Mary is trying to do what you asked her to do.
Mary is too young to go to the zoo by herself.
Mary is still pretending she's not interested.
Mary is still expecting Tom to help her today.
Mary is smarter than most people think she is.
Mary is richer than you probably think she is.
Mary is rich enough to buy whatever she wants.
Mary is rich enough to buy anything she wants.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's busy.
Mary is probably able to take care of herself.
Mary is positive she can take care of herself.
Mary is only pretending that she doesn't know.
Mary is never going to admit that she's wrong.
Mary is lucky they still allow her to do that.
Mary is lost, but she's unwilling to admit it.
Mary is likely to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is just trying to be romantic, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to do it all by herself.
Mary is going to eat as soon as she gets home.
Mary is going to be punished for what she did.
Mary is going to be late if she doesn't hurry.
Mary is going to be in her office all morning.
Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is going to be forgiven for what she did.
Mary is coming here this afternoon, isn't she?
Mary is busy right now and she can't help you.
Mary is being a bit self-indulgent, isn't she?
Mary is always telling Tom that she loves him.
Mary is afraid that she might lose everything.
Mary invited Tom over to her place for dinner.
Mary insisted she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary hopes that Tom won't do that without her.
Mary hoped she wouldn't miss any more classes.
Mary held on to the rope as long as she could.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told Tom why she wants to do that.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she wants to do yet.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she needs to do yet.
Mary hasn't done everything we told her to do.
Mary hasn't done as much as you think she has.
Mary has vowed that she won't do that anymore.
Mary has very few photos of herself as a baby.
Mary has told me she can take care of herself.
Mary has something she can't wait to show you.
Mary has paid back all the money she borrowed.
Mary has lots of things she wants to do today.
Mary has lots of things she needs to do today.
Mary has lots of things she needs to be doing.
Mary has just been told that she's been fired.
Mary has finally done what we asked her to do.
Mary has decided to try to do that by herself.
Mary has decided to try doing that by herself.
Mary has been told that she needs to pay more.
Mary has been living here since she was a kid.
Mary has asked us to buy her something to eat.
Mary has asked Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary has already told me what she plans to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she has to buy.
Mary has already said that she'll leave early.
Mary has already decided what she wants to do.
Mary has a picture of Tom on her bedroom wall.
Mary has a funny way of laughing, doesn't she?
Mary hardly ever goes out drinking by herself.
Mary hardly ever does what she says she'll do.
Mary hardly ever buys things she doesn't need.
Mary had no idea that she was being too noisy.
Mary had no choice but to ask Tom to help her.
Mary had enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary had better do what she's been told to do.
Mary had a good reason for doing what she did.
Mary got angry when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary got angry when she found the door locked.
Mary gave me exactly what I told her I needed.
Mary gave a picture that she'd painted to Tom.
Mary found the note that Tom had left for her.
Mary forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Mary explained why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary explained why she didn't want to do that.
Mary explained to us why she couldn't do that.
Mary expects us do the same thing she's doing.
Mary eventually told Tom that she'd done that.
Mary eventually admitted that she'd done that.
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to work.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't think she's ready to do that yet.
Mary doesn't think she's permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that today.
Mary doesn't think she can get Tom to do that.
Mary doesn't see any reason why she has to go.
Mary doesn't really want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't play golf as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do it.
Mary doesn't look like she's enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't like to talk about what she does.
Mary doesn't like the house that she lives in.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wasn't at her party.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary doesn't doubt her own ability to do that.
Mary doesn't care what people think about her.
Mary doesn't always do what she's supposed to.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to.
Mary does almost everything she's asked to do.
Mary didn't want to give Tom her phone number.
Mary didn't want to do something she'd regret.
Mary didn't want to call attention to herself.
Mary didn't want to admit that she was scared.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her doing that.
Mary didn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust her.
Mary didn't think she was good enough for Tom.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave without her.
Mary didn't think Tom would come to her party.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't want to go.
Mary didn't tell me she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to work late.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she wanted his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to do that.
Mary didn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary didn't realize that she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't look well the last time I saw her.
Mary didn't like carrots when she was a child.
Mary didn't know why Tom asked her to do that.
Mary didn't know whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't know that she had to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that Tom was looking for her.
Mary didn't know she no longer had to do that.
Mary didn't know she had done something wrong.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough money.
Mary didn't know if she should really do that.
Mary didn't know anything about this, did she?
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should leave.
Mary didn't keep her promise not to tease Tom.
Mary didn't help Tom as much as she should've.
Mary didn't go with you this morning, did she?
Mary didn't get paid for all the work she did.
Mary didn't finish the job we asked her to do.
Mary didn't drink the milk Tom poured for her.
Mary didn't do everything we wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't care whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't believe that Tom would lie to her.
Mary didn't actually want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't actually do what she said she did.
Mary did everything she thought she should do.
Mary did everything she thought she needed do.
Mary did everything she thought she had to do.
Mary did everything she promised to do for me.
Mary did everything she felt she needed to do.
Mary did a lot more than what we asked her to.
Mary denies that she was the one who did that.
Mary denied that she was the one who did that.
Mary decided to do what she could to help Tom.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to accept her gift.
Mary couldn't find the kind of job she wanted.
Mary could've had this job if she'd wanted it.
Mary could've done that, but she chose not to.
Mary could've done that if she'd tried harder.
Mary can stay with us as long as she wants to.
Mary can hardly support herself on her salary.
Mary came to Australia to visit her boyfriend.
Mary bought eggs, but she forgot to buy bread.
Mary believed that what Tom told her was true.
Mary began wearing glasses when she was three.
Mary began to do that when she was very young.
Mary began doing that when she was very young.
Mary ate a whole box of chocolates by herself.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked me to help her write a love letter.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my umbrella.
Mary asked me if I'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked me if I'd go with her to the beach.
Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with her.
Mary asked if there was anything she could do.
Mary asked if she really had to do that today.
Mary asked if she had to do that this morning.
Mary asked Tom to help her organize the party.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to ride her horse.
Mary always wants to do everything by herself.
Mary always does that when she goes to Boston.
Mary almost injured herself trying to do that.
Mary admitted that what she'd done was stupid.
Mary admitted that she was tempted to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't know what to do.
Mary actually didn't do what she said she did.
It's obvious that Mary knows what she's doing.
It looks like Mary is really enjoying herself.
If you tell Mary how to do that, she'll do it.
If you see Mary, tell her I'm looking for her.
If you don't want Mary here, ask her to leave.
If Mary had seen anything, she'd have told us.
If I had a daughter, I wouldn't name her Mary.
I've never seen Mary kiss any of her children.
I've already told Mary why she should do that.
I've already told Mary why she has to do that.
I've already told Mary she should leave early.
I've already told Mary she has to leave early.
I'm trying to help Mary, but she won't let me.
I'm sure Mary would've told me if she'd known.
I'm sure Mary appreciates what you do for her.
I'm pretty sure Mary can take care of herself.
I'm not sure if Mary can take care of herself.
I'll never ever forgive Mary for what she did.
I wonder why Mary's friends wouldn't help her.
I wonder whether Mary knew she should do that.
I wonder whether Mary knew she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary actually did that by herself.
I went to Mary's office, but she wasn't there.
I wanted to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to help Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I told Mary that she should go to the meeting.
I told Mary she didn't have to talk so loudly.
I told Mary she could buy whatever she wanted.
I told Mary she could buy anything she wanted.
I told Mary Tom wanted to borrow her mandolin.
I thought Mary would be drunk, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary would be doing that by herself.
I thought Mary would apologize, but she didn't
I think Mary would be safe if she stayed here.
I think Mary would be happier if she did that.
I think Mary will be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I think Mary did something she shouldn't have.
I should've told Mary why she needed to leave.
I should've told Mary that she had to do that.
I should've let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I should've asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I should tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I should tell Mary that I want her to do that.
I never told Mary what she was supposed to do.
I know Mary could do that if she tried harder.
I just hope Mary does what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary will do what she's supposed to do.
I hope Mary knows she doesn't need to do that.
I hope Mary knows she doesn't have to do that.
I hope Mary doesn't think we've forgotten her.
I hope Mary didn't do what you told her to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom told her to do.
I don't think Mary really meant what she said.
I don't think Mary really did that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary has to go there by herself.
I don't really think Mary did that by herself.
I don't know why Mary does that, but she does.
I don't believe Mary can take care of herself.
I didn't think Mary would ask Tom to help her.
How did Mary know what she was supposed to do?
Haven't you asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Has Mary decided what she's going to major in?
Give me Mary's phone number and I'll call her.
Find Mary and tell her to come here right now.
Every time I see Mary, she's eating something.
Eventually, Mary did what she was supposed to.
Does Mary want me to drive her to the airport?
Didn't Mary say she had something to tell Tom?
Did you tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Did you tell Mary what I told you to tell her?
Did Mary tell you what she was planning to do?
Did Mary say she thought we needed to do that?
As a matter of fact, Mary did that by herself.
All I know about Mary is that she's a teacher.
You told Mary she should do that, didn't you?
You should tell Mary that she has to do that.
You knew Mary when she was a kid, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she'd do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary how she'd do that, didn't you?
Why did you let Mary go to Boston by herself?
Who told Mary that she could use my umbrella?
Who did Mary think would cook dinner for her?
When Mary told me that, I didn't believe her.
What's Mary planning to do after she retires?
What time did Mary tell you she was arriving?
What time did Mary say she wanted to do that?
We've already told Mary what she needs to do.
We shouldn't have told Mary what we told her.
We shouldn't have left Mary there by herself.
The shoes I gave Mary were too small for her.
Tell Mary that she needs to apologize to Tom.
Tell Mary she needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tell Mary I'm looking forward to meeting her.
Since Mary was sick, she didn't go to school.
Please tell Mary she needs to get here early.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
Please tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Please make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
Maybe Mary would like you to do that for her.
Maybe Mary said something she shouldn't have.
Mary's pride won't let her admit she's wrong.
Mary's parents were asleep when she got home.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants.
Mary's mother told her to eat her vegetables.
Mary's doctor referred her to a cardiologist.
Mary's doctor advised her to drink more milk.
Mary wrote poems when she was in high school.
Mary wrote a book while she was in Australia.
Mary writes much better now than she used to.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't go off and leave us, would she?
Mary wouldn't be happy if she had to do that.
Mary would've gone to Boston if she could've.
Mary would've died if Tom hadn't rescued her.
Mary would never say what you think she said.
Mary would do that if she had a lot of money.
Mary would do that again if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
Mary works harder now than she did last year.
Mary won't tell me where she put my car keys.
Mary won't likely want to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't likely need to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely have to do that by herself.
Mary won't be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't be able to fix the car by herself.
Mary won't be able to do anything by herself.
Mary wished she'd never asked Tom to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not sleepy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not hungry.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't sleepy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't hungry.
Mary will probably get hurt if she does that.
Mary will likely be tired when she gets home.
Mary will do that for you if you want her to.
Mary will be very careful when she does that.
Mary will be punished if she does that again.
Mary will be arrested if she does that again.
Mary wasn't working very hard when I saw her.
Mary wasn't sure what she was supposed to do.
Mary wasn't sure she needed to do that again.
Mary wasn't sure if she could do that or not.
Mary wasn't supposed to help me, but she did.
Mary wasn't supposed to do that, but she did.
Mary wasn't expecting you to do that for her.
Mary wasn't convinced that she could do that.
Mary wasn't at home when I went to visit her.
Mary wasn't as angry as I expected her to be.
Mary wasn't able to take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary wasn't able to move the desk by herself.
Mary wasn't able to do what she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do what she needed to do.
Mary was wearing a cowboy hat when I saw her.
Mary was told that she's required to do that.
Mary was sure that she'd never see Tom again.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom doing that.
Mary was scared to go in the cave by herself.
Mary was much taller than I thought she'd be.
Mary was much busier than I thought she'd be.
Mary was married to Tom when I first met her.
Mary was lying to Tom when she told him that.
Mary was hoping she wouldn't need to do that.
Mary was hoping she wouldn't have to do that.
Mary was hoping Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary was fortunate that Tom did that for her.
Mary was able to do everything she had to do.
Mary wants to get someone to do that for her.
Mary wants Tom to know that he can trust her.
Mary wants Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary wanted to stay longer, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to know why she couldn't go, too.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her his phone number.
Mary wanted Tom to drive, so she could sleep.
Mary wanted Tom to cook her something to eat.
Mary wanted Tom to bring her a cup of coffee.
Mary very seldom kisses her children anymore.
Mary tried to remember what Tom had told her.
Mary tried to get Tom to cook dinner for her.
Mary tricked Tom into doing her work for her.
Mary took the concert ticket Tom offered her.
Mary told us that she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me to stay here until she got back.
Mary told me that she's reluctant to do that.
Mary told me that she's motivated to do that.
Mary told me that she's desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told me that she was too tired to study.
Mary told me that she was through doing that.
Mary told me that she was tempted to do that.
Mary told me that she was going to marry Tom.
Mary told me that she wanted to study French.
Mary told me that she wanted to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was thirty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was stupid.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was strong.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was stingy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sleepy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was single.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was scared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lonely.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was hungry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was honest.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was guilty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was boring.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was biased.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was asleep.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was afraid.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could swim.
Mary told me that she thought I looked drunk.
Mary told me that she often dreams in French.
Mary told me that she liked working with Tom.
Mary told me that she does that every Monday.
Mary told me she's always done that that way.
Mary told me she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't going back to Boston.
Mary told me she wasn't able to speak French.
Mary told me she was having trouble sleeping.
Mary told me she sleeps with the window open.
Mary told me she plans to stay at the Hilton.
Mary told me she needed to borrow some money.
Mary told me she needed some time to herself.
Mary told me she found something interesting.
Mary told me she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary told me she didn't want to study French.
Mary told me she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't want to eat any more.
Mary told me she didn't like speaking French.
Mary told me she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary told me she didn't have time to do that.
Mary told me she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary told me she couldn't do that by herself.
Mary told me she and Tom had gotten divorced.
Mary told Tom why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told Tom why she was late for his party.
Mary told Tom why she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom what she really thought of him.
Mary told Tom that she'd tried to be careful.
Mary told Tom that she'd eat lunch with John.
Mary told Tom that she'd be happy to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't having any fun.
Mary told Tom that she was unsure what to do.
Mary told Tom that she was in love with John.
Mary told Tom that she was afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was well.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was rich.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was nice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lost.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was dead.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was cold.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was busy.
Mary told Tom she wanted to find another job.
Mary told Tom she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't have to do anything.
Mary told Tom she didn't have anything to do.
Mary told Tom about what John told her to do.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that for me.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary thought she might need to do that today.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary thinks some of her friends will do that.
Mary thinks she's smarter than everyone else.
Mary thinks she'd be a good basketball coach.
Mary thinks Tom would be mad if she did that.
Mary talked me into going to church with her.
Mary still hopes Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary still has a lot of things she has to do.
Mary still doesn't want to do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't need to do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary still doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary started to come in, but Tom stopped her.
Mary spends most of her free time doing that.
Mary slept much longer than she'd planned to.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should've told Tom that she was married.
Mary should've done much better than she did.
Mary should've asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary should tell Tom that she wants his help.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary should probably tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should never have gone there by herself.
Mary should just tell Tom she made a mistake.
Mary seems to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
Mary seems convinced that she has to do that.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like jogging.
Mary says she's thinking about getting a dog.
Mary says she's not interested in doing that.
Mary says she's not in love with Tom anymore.
Mary says she's concerned about Tom's health.
Mary says she's always dreamed of doing that.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can to help.
Mary says she'll do that if Tom wants her to.
Mary says she'll be more careful from now on.
Mary says she won't be able to help us today.
Mary says she won't be able to do that today.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that again.
Mary says she wants to buy a present for Tom.
Mary says she thought Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she saw Tom when she was in Boston.
Mary says she knows Tom will want to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will need to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't swim very well.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary says she hopes that Tom doesn't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that for her.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows how to do that.
Mary says she heard Tom singing on the porch.
Mary says she heard Tom practicing the piano.
Mary says she has no intention of doing that.
Mary says she has no idea what she should do.
Mary says she has no desire to do that again.
Mary says she has a lot of friends in Boston.
Mary says she doesn't want to live in Boston.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will do that.
Mary says she doesn't think I should do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember what happened.
Mary says she doesn't really know what to do.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't know much about Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that either.
Mary says she didn't know she had to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom had to do that.
Mary says she definitely won't do that today.
Mary says she definitely won't do that again.
Mary says she can't work on an empty stomach.
Mary says she can't prove Tom didn't do that.
Mary sang a song while she washed the dishes.
Mary said they wouldn't allow her to do that.
Mary said there's nothing she can do to help.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do.
Mary said the smell didn't bother her at all.
Mary said that she's been wanting to do that.
Mary said that she's been very busy all week.
Mary said that she wasn't through doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't tempted to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't feeling very tired.
Mary said that she wasn't doing that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't at today's meeting.
Mary said that she was very eager to do that.
Mary said that she was going to be very late.
Mary said that she was determined to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to teach me French.
Mary said that she wanted to see the manager.
Mary said that she wanted to forget about it.
Mary said that she needed a little more time.
Mary said that she didn't want to live alone.
Mary said that she didn't do that by herself.
Mary said that she can't go with us tomorrow.
Mary said she's very sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's very sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's tried doing that three times.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's never seen Tom wearing jeans.
Mary said she's glad she was able to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom was able to do that.
Mary said she's determined to do that for us.
Mary said she's been forgiven for doing that.
Mary said she's been asked not do that again.
Mary said she'll do that in a couple of days.
Mary said she'll be the first one to do that.
Mary said she'd rather not go to Tom's party.
Mary said she'd rather not do that right now.
Mary said she'd never try to do that at home.
Mary said she'd meet us in the lobby at 2:30.
Mary said she'd love to go to Boston with us.
Mary said she'd finish doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd definitely do that this week.
Mary said she'd buy something for Tom to eat.
Mary said she'd be willing to do the driving.
Mary said she'd be willing to do the cooking.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that alone.
Mary said she wouldn't let that happen again.
Mary said she wouldn't have to do that alone.
Mary said she wouldn't have to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to go with us.
Mary said she wished you knew how to do that.
Mary said she wished to speak to you herself.
Mary said she wished she knew how to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been so late.
Mary said she wished Tom knew how to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what she should do.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom had to do that.
Mary said she wasn't likely to do that today.
Mary said she wasn't good at speaking French.
Mary said she was worried about her daughter.
Mary said she was willing to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she was willing to help us do that.
Mary said she was willing to help me do that.
Mary said she was too tired to help us today.
Mary said she was told to do that by herself.
Mary said she was going to stay up all night.
Mary said she was going to do that yesterday.
Mary said she was enjoying herself in Boston.
Mary said she was asked not to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to try to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to try doing that again.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary said she wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
Mary said she wanted to buy something to eat.
Mary said she wanted to be there before 2:30.
Mary said she wanted something cold to drink.
Mary said she wanted me to help her tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted Tom to help her do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too small.
Mary said she thought that would happen soon.
Mary said she thought that Tom was a teacher.
Mary said she thought that Tom had done that.
Mary said she thought she'd find another job.
Mary said she thought she needed to help Tom.
Mary said she thought she could cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought it would rain tomorrow.
Mary said she thought it would probably snow.
Mary said she thought doing that would be OK.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be scared.
Mary said she thought Tom would be surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom would be impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be exhausted.
Mary said she thought Tom would be depressed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be back soon.
Mary said she thought Tom was in the library.
Mary said she thought Tom was good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom looked discouraged.
Mary said she thought I should buy a new car.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't eat very much.
Mary said she thinks Tom isn't going do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that alone.
Mary said she should've done that by herself.
Mary said she only needed a few more minutes.
Mary said she only had thirty dollars on her.
Mary said she never had to worry about money.
Mary said she needed to learn how to do that.
Mary said she needed to buy something to eat.
Mary said she might not study French anymore.
Mary said she knew why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might want to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that.
Mary said she knew I wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary said she isn't going to help us do that.
Mary said she isn't even going to try to win.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't let John drive.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she had her reasons for doing that.
Mary said she got really tired of doing that.
Mary said she felt bad about what she'd done.
Mary said she doubted that Tom would do that.
Mary said she doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that at all.
Mary said she doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to travel with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to talk about work.
Mary said she didn't want to speak in French.
Mary said she didn't want to let Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't want to help us do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with us.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with me.
Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want me to wait for her.
Mary said she didn't think that would happen.
Mary said she didn't think she could do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could do that.
Mary said she didn't sleep much Monday night.
Mary said she didn't sleep a wink last night.
Mary said she didn't see anybody in the park.
Mary said she didn't need to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't like the concert at all.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was absent.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom had gone.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom had to do.
Mary said she didn't know how to play tennis.
Mary said she didn't know Tom's phone number.
Mary said she didn't invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't have any fun doing that.
Mary said she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary said she didn't enjoy watching baseball.
Mary said she couldn't loan any money to Tom.
Mary said she could probably help us do that.
Mary said she could do that without any help.
Mary said no cars passed her on her way here.
Mary said it wasn't her who broke the window.
Mary said it was Tom who told her to do that.
Mary said her parents have never spanked her.
Mary said her father told her not to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows has a passport.
Mary said doing that has made her very happy.
Mary said Tom's dog was twice as big as hers.
Mary said Tom wouldn't permit her to do that.
Mary said Tom wouldn't eat anything she made.
Mary said Tom was sleeping when she got home.
Mary said Tom knew she might want to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might need to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might have to do that.
Mary said Tom is willing to help her do that.
Mary said Tom has never eaten lunch with her.
Mary regrets that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary refused to do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary refused my help and did that on her own.
Mary realized that she might need more money.
Mary realized that Tom had been lying to her.
Mary promised to return the books I lent her.
Mary promised that she wouldn't say anything.
Mary promised she'd help me build a doghouse.
Mary promised me she'd help me clean my room.
Mary promised Tom that she'd never leave him.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't smoke anymore.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that again.
Mary pretended that she didn't recognize Tom.
Mary paid someone to help her move the piano.
Mary ought to be able to get home by herself.
Mary opened the door as quietly as she could.
Mary often talks to herself when she's alone.
Mary never told anyone where she hid the key.
Mary never talks about what she does at work.
Mary never should have gone there by herself.
Mary needs to do that before she can go home.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised Tom.
Mary might've left her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary might've left her car key in Tom's room.
Mary might think that we want her to do that.
Mary might be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary might be richer than we thought she was.
Mary met Tom while she was staying in Boston.
Mary may not want to do that, but she should.
Mary may not want to do that, but she has to.
Mary may not remember me, but I remember her.
Mary may not have done what we think she did.
Mary may not have done what she said she did.
Mary may not be as smart as you think she is.
Mary may not be as happy as you think she is.
Mary may have as much ice cream as she wants.
Mary married a man much younger than herself.
Mary makes lots of promises she doesn't keep.
Mary made a list of things she needed to buy.
Mary looks like she's put on a little weight.
Mary looked like she wasn't enjoying herself.
Mary looked like she was hesitant to do that.
Mary looked like she was finished doing that.
Mary looked around and realized she was lost.
Mary lives with her parents in a small house.
Mary lived with her parents in a small house.
Mary lived on Park Street when she was a kid.
Mary lived in Boston when she was in college.
Mary lived in Australia when she was younger.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she'd do that.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she loved him.
Mary let Tom know that she wanted to do that.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know what to do.
Mary lent all the money she had on her to me.
Mary learned to swim when she was very young.
Mary knows there's only one thing she can do.
Mary knows that she can take care of herself.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't love her anymore.
Mary knows she's not supposed to eat peanuts.
Mary knew you'd try to talk her out of going.
Mary knew there was no way she could do that.
Mary knew the police were trying to find her.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be chosen.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be chosen.
Mary knew that Tom didn't like her very much.
Mary knew she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary knew Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary knew I'd do whatever she asked me to do.
Mary isn't sure yet whether she'll go or not.
Mary isn't sure she can take care of herself.
Mary isn't supposed to be doing that, is she?
Mary isn't really as busy as she says she is.
Mary isn't old enough to go there by herself.
Mary isn't likely to let Tom do that for her.
Mary isn't as disorganized as she used to be.
Mary isn't always as busy as she says she is.
Mary isn't actually going to do that, is she?
Mary is very close to her boyfriend's family.
Mary is unable to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is sitting in the corner all by herself.
Mary is sick and so she can't help Tom today.
Mary is rich enough to do anything she wants.
Mary is rich enough to buy any car she wants.
Mary is probably older than you think she is.
Mary is probably going to forget her promise.
Mary is probably going to do that by herself.
Mary is playing by herself in the front yard.
Mary is older than you probably think she is.
Mary is now living in Boston with her father.
Mary is hoping that Tom will do that for her.
Mary is going to start her new job on Monday.
Mary is going to help you do that, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to go there by herself.
Mary is going to do what she can to help you.
Mary is going to do what she can to help Tom.
Mary is going to do what Tom tells her to do.
Mary is going to do that when her turn comes.
Mary is going to be upset if she doesn't win.
Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is going to be sorry she didn't do that.
Mary is busy now, so she can't talk with you.
Mary is being very obedient today, isn't she?
Mary is absent because she's in the hospital.
Mary is able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary is a lot happier since she changed jobs.
Mary invited Tom and his sister to her party.
Mary injured herself while trying to do that.
Mary hoped that Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't yet found what she's looking for.
Mary hasn't yet done what we asked her to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she wants to do yet.
Mary hasn't told us what she needs to do yet.
Mary hasn't told me why she wants to do that.
Mary hasn't told me why she needs to do that.
Mary hasn't said anything since she got home.
Mary hasn't done what she was supposed to do.
Mary hasn't done anything she was told to do.
Mary hasn't done anything she shouldn't have.
Mary has something she needs to do right now.
Mary has promised that she'll do that for us.
Mary has persuaded Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary has lived in Boston since she was three.
Mary has let her children do that many times.
Mary has done what Tom said she needed to do.
Mary has done everything we wanted her to do.
Mary has decided she doesn't want to do that.
Mary has been told that she needs to do that.
Mary has been told not to do that by herself.
Mary has been doing that since she was a kid.
Mary has already told Tom what she has to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she can't eat.
Mary has already said that she won't do that.
Mary has already done what she said she'd do.
Mary has already bought everything she wants.
Mary has already bought everything she needs.
Mary has a lot of things she has to do today.
Mary has a car, but she almost never uses it.
Mary hardly ever kisses her children anymore.
Mary had no idea that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary had a party at her place Monday evening.
Mary got everything she wanted for Christmas.
Mary got a very low score on her French test.
Mary forgot to buy what Tom asked her to buy.
Mary drank the white wine Tom poured for her.
Mary drank the orange juice I poured for her.
Mary drank a whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary doesn't yet know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't want me to see what she's doing.
Mary doesn't think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she really has to do that.
Mary doesn't think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she can do that that soon.
Mary doesn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't remember if she locked the door.
Mary doesn't remember if she did that or not.
Mary doesn't realize what Tom wants from her.
Mary doesn't like Tom telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wants her to leave.
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she's doing, does she?
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects her to do.
Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Mary doesn't know how she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary doesn't have to do that, but she should.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she used to.
Mary does that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary does look a lot like Alice, doesn't she?
Mary does know what she's doing, doesn't she?
Mary does almost anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary died before she had a chance to do that.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom how old she was.
Mary didn't want to share her lunch with Tom.
Mary didn't want me to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't want Tom to know what she'd done.
Mary didn't tell me why she'd gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't like him.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was already married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't like her job.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to meet.
Mary didn't say where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't say where she was going, did she?
Mary didn't say when she was coming, did she?
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that, did she?
Mary didn't realize what was expected of her.
Mary didn't need to go if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't love Tom as much as he loved her.
Mary didn't look like she was in a good mood.
Mary didn't look like she was having any fun.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary didn't know what she'd be allowed to do.
Mary didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't know that what she did was wrong.
Mary didn't know that Tom wanted her to stay.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't know if she could do that or not.
Mary didn't know how long she'd have to wait.
Mary didn't know how bad I wanted to see her.
Mary didn't have to wait for us, but she did.
Mary didn't have any idea what she should do.
Mary didn't get married until she was thirty.
Mary didn't eat the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary didn't do what she's being punished for.
Mary didn't do that as she was instructed to.
Mary didn't do everything we asked her to do.
Mary didn't come here alone tonight, did she?
Mary didn't buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary did that, even though she didn't want to
Mary did something she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary did much more than what we asked her to.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to do that.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her.
Mary couldn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
Mary could've said something, but she didn't.
Mary could've come yesterday, but she didn't.
Mary could swim when she was three years old.
Mary could stay at our house if she wants to.
Mary could hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary could hear Tom, but he couldn't see her.
Mary could do that well when she was younger.
Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary confessed that she had stolen the money.
Mary complained that she couldn't find a job.
Mary closed the door as quietly as she could.
Mary claimed she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary can't remember when she moved to Boston.
Mary can't make herself understood in French.
Mary can't do it alone. You need to help her.
Mary can have as much ice cream as she wants.
Mary came to school even though she was sick.
Mary called to say she'd be three hours late.
Mary burned all the letters she got from Tom.
Mary burned all the letters Tom had sent her.
Mary blames herself for what happened to Tom.
Mary assured us that she won't do that again.
Mary asked me if she could close the windows.
Mary asked me if she could borrow some money.
Mary asked me if I could lend her some money.
Mary asked if it would be OK if she did that.
Mary asked Tom where she should park her car.
Mary asked Tom what he thought she should do.
Mary asked Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary apologized to Tom for losing her temper.
Mary and her boyfriend are in the same class.
Mary almost killed herself trying to do that.
Mary admitted that she ate all the ice cream.
Let's ask Mary when she thinks she'll arrive.
If that's what Mary said, then she was lying.
If Mary came to Boston, where would she stay?
I've already told Mary she can borrow my car.
I'm sure Mary will wish she hadn't done that.
I'm sure Mary will like the gift you got her.
I'm not sure Mary would want Tom to kiss her.
I'll make sure Mary has everything she needs.
I wouldn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I wonder why Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really regrets what she did.
I wish Mary had done what we asked her to do.
I tried to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I told Mary that she should apologize to Tom.
I told Mary that I thought she could do that.
I thought Mary would be angrier than she was.
I think we'd better ask Mary what she thinks.
I think we should let Mary do what she wants.
I think we should ask Mary who told her that.
I think Mary would leave if you asked her to.
I think Mary said she needed to buy a shovel.
I think Mary got home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to stay.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she did.
I think Mary did that by herself last Monday.
I think Mary could've gotten home by herself.
I think Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
I think I heard Mary say that she'll do that.
I sure hope Mary does what she said she'd do.
I should've told Mary why she had to do that.
I should tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Mary wants us to go swimming with her.
I knew Mary would love the gift you gave her.
I knew Mary would do what we asked her to do.
I just want Mary to know that we'll miss her.
I hope Mary doesn't say she wants to do that.
I hope Mary doesn't say she needs to do that.
I hope Mary didn't say she wanted to do that.
I have to let Mary know what she needs to do.
I expect Mary has her reasons for doing that.
I don't think Mary knows where she should be.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to buy.
I don't think Mary did what Tom said she did.
I didn't think Mary would do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary why she needed to do that.
I didn't let Mary finish what she was saying.
I didn't know Mary would ask Tom to help her.
I didn't know Mary had to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary had asked Tom to help her.
I didn't allow Mary do what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go or not.
I asked Mary to do that as soon as she could.
How long does Mary expect us to wait for her?
Have you told Mary why she shouldn't do that?
Has Mary ever told you how she broke her leg?
Has Mary decided where she'll go next summer?
Find Mary and ask her what you just asked me.
Everyone looked at Mary to see what she'd do.
Does Mary think she can take care of herself?
Does Mary stay with you when she's in Boston?
Do you think Mary really meant what she said?
Do you think Mary knew you were lying to her?
Do you think Mary believed what you told her?
Do you know if Mary can take care of herself?
Did you know Mary before she joined the team?
Did Mary say anything about who she was with?
Did Mary say anything about where she'd been?
Did Mary find the person she was looking for?
Did Mary ever tell you how she first met Tom?
Ask Mary if she wants to go swimming with us.
Are you going to tell Mary that you love her?
You'd better tell Mary what she needs to do.
You told Mary she could do that, didn't you?
You said Mary wouldn't kiss me, but she did.
You can't blame Mary for doing what she did.
You asked Mary why she did that, didn't you?
Why should Mary need Tom to do that for her?
Why don't you ask Mary what she plans to do?
Where did Mary say she thought we should go?
What does Mary want to be when she grows up?
Was it you who told Mary she should do that?
Was it you who told Mary she has to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she had to do that?
The police think that Mary poisoned herself.
Tell Mary she should do that this afternoon.
Tell Mary she needs to get home before 2:30.
Since Mary is sick, she can't do that today.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that today.
Please let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
Not even Mary could've done this by herself.
None of Mary's friends knew where she lived.
Maybe Mary saw something she shouldn't have.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary's light is on, so she's probably awake.
Mary's husband picked her up at the airport.
Mary's family is happy that she's back home.
Mary wouldn't have let her children do that.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't want to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't have to.
Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
Mary would've helped you if you'd asked her.
Mary would've gone with you if she could've.
Mary would be in Boston now if she could be.
Mary wondered where she was supposed to sit.
Mary won't likely try to do that on her own.
Mary won't likely try to do that by herself.
Mary won't go away if you don't want her to.
Mary won't be here today, because she's sick
Mary wished she'd been invited to the party.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Mary wished she could stay in Boston longer.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not tired.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't tired.
Mary will never find what she's looking for.
Mary will never be able to do it by herself.
Mary will need more money than what she has.
Mary will hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary will hurt herself if she isn't careful.
Mary will have to deal with that on her own.
Mary will get into trouble if she does that.
Mary will come if she's free this afternoon.
Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary will be really disappointed, won't she?
Mary wasn't waiting where she said she'd be.
Mary wasn't told she didn't need to do that.
Mary wasn't told she didn't have to do that.
Mary wasn't sure what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary wasn't as hungry as I thought she'd be.
Mary wasn't as busy as Tom told me she'd be.
Mary wasn't able to make herself understood.
Mary was unable to take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary was too scared to walk home by herself.
Mary was the first one to say she'd do that.
Mary was shocked when I told her what I did.
Mary was really skinny when I first met her.
Mary was overweight when she was a teenager.
Mary was hoping that Tom would smile at her.
Mary was here yesterday morning, wasn't she?
Mary was angry because Tom was ignoring her.
Mary wants to be a doctor when she grows up.
Mary wants me to help her with her homework.
Mary wants me to give her my old motorcycle.
Mary wanted me to buy some firewood for her.
Mary wanted Tom to meet some of her friends.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean the house.
Mary wanted Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary used to snore, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to drink a lot before she met Tom.
Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let her.
Mary tried to get Tom to pay for her ticket.
Mary took more than one picture, didn't she?
Mary told us she didn't think she'd do that.
Mary told us she didn't think she could win.
Mary told us about how nice you were to her.
Mary told the police that she'd been robbed.
Mary told me why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told me why she wanted to study French.
Mary told me why she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me that she's prepared to do that.
Mary told me that she's hesitant to do that.
Mary told me that she'd be here early today.
Mary told me that she won't do that anymore.
Mary told me that she wants to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she wanted to stay single.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was wrong.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was upset.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was tired.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sorry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was right.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ready.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lucky.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was funny.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was drunk.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was broke.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was bossy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was bored.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was awake.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was angry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was alone.
Mary told me she wasn't very good at tennis.
Mary told me she wasn't very good at French.
Mary told me she wasn't prepared to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't on the team anymore.
Mary told me she wasn't much older than Tom.
Mary told me she was too sick to work today.
Mary told me she wanted to do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she had a knife I could borrow.
Mary told me she doesn't know Tom very well.
Mary told me she didn't remember doing that.
Mary told me she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told me last week she wouldn't do that.
Mary told everyone that she passed the exam.
Mary told Tom why she wanted him to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be able to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was ready to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was going to do that.
Mary told Tom that she told John to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was fat.
Mary told Tom that she had feelings for him.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary told Tom that John was her best friend.
Mary told Tom she'd pick him up around 2:30.
Mary told Tom she was going to leave Boston.
Mary told Tom she wanted to visit Australia.
Mary told Tom she waited for him all morning
Mary told Tom she hadn't seen John in years.
Mary thought that she might be able do that.
Mary thought she'd be able to help us today.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that today.
Mary thinks that I don't know what she said.
Mary thinks some of her friends may do that.
Mary tends to only do what she's told to do.
Mary swore that Tom told her he'd done that.
Mary suggested that I go to Boston with her.
Mary still lives in Boston with her parents.
Mary stayed with me when she came to Boston.
Mary speaks French pretty well, doesn't she?
Mary speaks French fairly well, doesn't she?
Mary showed Tom the picture she was drawing.
Mary shouted to Tom, but he didn't hear her.
Mary should've left when she had the chance.
Mary should've done what Tom told her to do.
Mary should've asked me before she did that.
Mary should've asked Tom to do that for her.
Mary should tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should tell Tom she'll never leave him.
Mary should tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she loves him.
Mary should let Tom know that she likes him.
Mary should go ahead and do that by herself.
Mary should be able to do that if she tries.
Mary seems to know what she's talking about.
Mary seems to know exactly what she's doing.
Mary seems to be enjoying herself in Boston.
Mary seemed to be surprised when I told her.
Mary says that the noise doesn't bother her.
Mary says that she wants to do that as well.
Mary says that she needs to do that as well.
Mary says that she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary says that she can't prove Tom did that.
Mary says she's willing to buy that for you.
Mary says she's never been to Boston before.
Mary says she's drunk three glasses of wine.
Mary says she's been asked to give a speech.
Mary says she'll play golf even if it rains.
Mary says she'll never sing in public again.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary says she'd rather walk than take a bus.
Mary says she won't eat lunch with us today.
Mary says she wants to learn how to do that.
Mary says she wants to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she wants to get something to eat.
Mary says she understands why Tom is scared.
Mary says she thinks that's going to happen.
Mary says she taught herself how to do that.
Mary says she plans to stay here all summer.
Mary says she plans on staying where she is.
Mary says she needs to find a place to live.
Mary says she just couldn't let Tom do that.
Mary says she has no trouble falling asleep.
Mary says she has a lot of homework tonight.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about it.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can do that.
Mary says she doesn't like air conditioning.
Mary says she doesn't know why you did that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't know a thing about it.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't have time for romance.
Mary says she doesn't have health insurance.
Mary says she doesn't expect Tom to do that.
Mary says she didn't know about the meeting.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't swim.
Mary says she didn't know Tom could do that.
Mary says she certainly won't do that again.
Mary says she can't wait for that to happen.
Mary says she can't prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she can stay here for three weeks.
Mary says she can get us everything we need.
Mary says she always knew she could do that.
Mary says everybody she knows has done that.
Mary says Tom is willing to do that for her.
Mary said the heat didn't bother her at all.
Mary said the cold didn't bother her at all.
Mary said that wasn't what she wanted to do.
Mary said that she's sure she won't do that.
Mary said that she'll go to Boston tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd been forced to do that.
Mary said that she wouldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that she wouldn't mind doing that.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't a student anymore.
Mary said that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary said that she was motivated to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to move to Boston.
Mary said that she thought Tom was an idiot.
Mary said that she shouldn't have done that.
Mary said that she really wanted to do that.
Mary said that she needed to get some sleep.
Mary said that she had to go there tomorrow.
Mary said that she enjoyed your party a lot.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to bed.
Mary said that she didn't understand French.
Mary said that she couldn't wait to do that.
Mary said that she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that Tom wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said that Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary said that Tom and John are her friends.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for us.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for me.
Mary said she's not sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's not in any hurry to do that.
Mary said she's never considered doing that.
Mary said she's driving to Boston on Monday.
Mary said she's been told not do that again.
Mary said she's been asked to do that again.
Mary said she's always lived on Park Street.
Mary said she'll do that as soon as she can.
Mary said she'll be the next one to do that.
Mary said she'll be the last one to do that.
Mary said she'd try doing that this weekend.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that today.
Mary said she'd only be gone for a few days.
Mary said she'd never want to do that alone.
Mary said she'd never permit you to do that.
Mary said she'd never permit Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd do that, but she hasn't yet.
Mary said she'd do that in a couple of days.
Mary said she'd call me, but she hasn't yet.
Mary said she'd be willing do that for free.
Mary said she'd be the first one to do that.
Mary said she'd be interested in doing that.
Mary said she'd be glad to buy that for you.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that again.
Mary said she wouldn't recommend doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't mind if Tom did that.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that here.
Mary said she wouldn't do that until Monday.
Mary said she wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Mary said she wouldn't do anything about it.
Mary said she wouldn't be back until Monday.
Mary said she wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom could do that.
Mary said she wasn't in the mood to do that.
Mary said she wasn't in Boston at that time.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that again.
Mary said she wasn't going to Tom's concert.
Mary said she was worried about the weather.
Mary said she was willing to do the driving.
Mary said she was willing to do that for us.
Mary said she was told not to do that again.
Mary said she was thinking about doing that.
Mary said she was the only one who did that.
Mary said she was hoping she could help Tom.
Mary said she was happy she got there early.
Mary said she was going to talk to me later.
Mary said she was going to go back to sleep.
Mary said she was going to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to leave.
Mary said she was determined not to do that.
Mary said she wants to stay at home all day.
Mary said she wanted to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary said she wanted to go swimming with us.
Mary said she wanted to go home early today.
Mary said she wanted to bake a cake for Tom.
Mary said she wanted something hot to drink.
Mary said she wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she tried doing that once herself.
Mary said she thought you'd want to do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too cold.
Mary said she thought that we could do that.
Mary said she thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought she needed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very happy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't having fun.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't busy today.
Mary said she thought Tom was likely to cry.
Mary said she thought Tom enjoyed the party.
Mary said she thought I'd regret doing that.
Mary said she thought I'd already done that.
Mary said she thought I should study harder.
Mary said she thought I should study French.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park yesterday.
Mary said she remembered seeing Tom do that.
Mary said she really regrets not doing that.
Mary said she plans on staying until Monday.
Mary said she plans on doing that on Monday.
Mary said she never wanted to see Tom again.
Mary said she never wanted to do that again.
Mary said she never expected this to happen.
Mary said she needs to learn how to do that.
Mary said she needed to do that pretty soon.
Mary said she liked the color of my T-shirt.
Mary said she knew why Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew what was going to happen.
Mary said she knew what Tom was going to do.
Mary said she knew she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry to do that.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would help her.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that today.
Mary said she hasn't yet decided what to do.
Mary said she hasn't noticed any difference.
Mary said she hasn't decided what to do yet.
Mary said she hasn't decided what she'll do.
Mary said she had something to take care of.
Mary said she had something important to do.
Mary said she had an important call to make.
Mary said she got paid extra for doing that.
Mary said she found it difficult to do that.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think you can do that.
Mary said she doesn't think she can do that.
Mary said she doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Mary said she doesn't have health insurance.
Mary said she didn't want to try doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to think about it.
Mary said she didn't want to live in Boston.
Mary said she didn't want to dance with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want anything to drink.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was sleeping.
Mary said she didn't speak French very well.
Mary said she didn't really want to do that.
Mary said she didn't really need to do that.
Mary said she didn't really have to do that.
Mary said she didn't mind doing that at all.
Mary said she didn't live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't like the taste of beer.
Mary said she didn't know why that happened.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was angry.
Mary said she didn't know who to give it to.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't swim.
Mary said she didn't know Tom could do that.
Mary said she didn't have to wait very long.
Mary said she didn't have much money on her.
Mary said she didn't have any classes today.
Mary said she didn't go to school yesterday.
Mary said she couldn't understand my French.
Mary said she couldn't find anything to eat.
Mary said she couldn't do that anytime soon.
Mary said she could've done that on her own.
Mary said she could've done that by herself.
Mary said she could smell something burning.
Mary said she assumed you'd want to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows has a passport.
Mary said everybody she knows has done that.
Mary said Tom wouldn't allow her to do that.
Mary said Tom wasn't alone when she saw him.
Mary said Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary said Tom wanted her to do that for him.
Mary realized that Tom didn't like her much.
Mary put the money Tom gave her in the bank.
Mary promised us she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised that she'd do that right away.
Mary promised me she'd come, but she didn't.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't be late.
Mary pretends she doesn't understand French.
Mary pretended she didn't understand French.
Mary poured herself another shot of bourbon.
Mary posted pictures of herself on her blog.
Mary plans on doing that as soon as she can.
Mary persuaded Tom to study French with her.
Mary persuaded Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary paid me back all the money she owed me.
Mary ought to be able to do that by herself.
Mary never walks anywhere unless she has to.
Mary never told me where she went to school.
Mary never told me that she was from Boston.
Mary never said what she was planning to do.
Mary never does anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary never did anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary might help you if you ask her politely.
Mary mentioned she had to work next weekend.
Mary may not be as rich as you think she is.
Mary managed to put the fire out by herself.
Mary managed to put out the fire by herself.
Mary made up her mind to do that by herself.
Mary made it clear that she wanted to leave.
Mary made it clear that she didn't like Tom.
Mary made a list of things she needs to buy.
Mary made a fool of herself in front of Tom.
Mary looks like she's about to start crying.
Mary looks like she doesn't want to be here.
Mary looks like she doesn't know what to do.
Mary looks as though she might start crying.
Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw her.
Mary looked like she was through doing that.
Mary looked like she was tempted to do that.
Mary looked like she was having a good time.
Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Mary lied when she said she didn't like Tom.
Mary let me know that she wanted to do that.
Mary let Tom know that she couldn't do that.
Mary learned to skate when she was thirteen.
Mary learned to drive when she was thirteen.
Mary learned to drive when she was eighteen.
Mary learned how to swim when she was three.
Mary knows she's not supposed to park there.
Mary knew what Tom had told her wasn't true.
Mary knew that what she was doing was wrong.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be late.
Mary knew that she was going to be punished.
Mary knew exactly what she was going to say.
Mary keeps telling everyone how rich she is.
Mary keeps telling everyone how busy she is.
Mary isn't sure whether she locked the door.
Mary isn't really sure what she ought to do.
Mary isn't really sure what she needs to do.
Mary isn't old enough to do that on her own.
Mary isn't old enough to do that by herself.
Mary isn't here yet, but we expect her soon.
Mary isn't going to have to do that herself.
Mary isn't doing that the way she should be.
Mary isn't as tough as everyone says she is.
Mary isn't as spontaneous as she used to be.
Mary isn't as hardworking as she used to be.
Mary isn't as cooperative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as competitive as she used to be.
Mary isn't a very good poker player, is she?
Mary is wearing the shirt that Tom gave her.
Mary is way too young to do that by herself.
Mary is waiting for someone to come get her.
Mary is very particular about what she eats.
Mary is still studying in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is standing right behind me, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she probably won't do that.
Mary is sick and so she can't do that today.
Mary is now in her freshman year at Harvard.
Mary is just a little overweight, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can take care of herself.
Mary is going to need to do that by herself.
Mary is going to have to do that on her own.
Mary is going to have to do that by herself.
Mary is going to get fired if she does that.
Mary is going to get dirty if she does that.
Mary is going to get all the help she needs.
Mary is going to do whatever you ask her to.
Mary is going to do that as soon as she can.
Mary is going to be very sorry she did that.
Mary is going to be very happy she did that.
Mary is going to be glad she didn't do that.
Mary is fatter now than when I last saw her.
Mary is doing that the right way, isn't she?
Mary informed Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary informed Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary informed Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary hurt herself when she tried to do that.
Mary hugged Tom and said that she loved him.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary hopes that Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary hoped that Tom would come to her party.
Mary hired Tom to take care of her children.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she has to do.
Mary hasn't yet done what she said she'd do.
Mary hasn't yet bought everything she needs.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she has to do yet.
Mary hasn't done anything we told her to do.
Mary hasn't bought everything she needs yet.
Mary has vowed that she won't do that again.
Mary has told me she's not ready to do that.
Mary has told me she isn't ready to do that.
Mary has told Tom that she needs to do that.
Mary has some things she has to do tomorrow.
Mary has promised she won't do that anymore.
Mary has lots of things she has to do today.
Mary has lost a lot of blood and she's weak.
Mary has lived in Boston since she was born.
Mary has hired Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary has gained weight since I last saw her.
Mary has everything she needs to do the job.
Mary has enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary has done everything we asked her to do.
Mary has done everything she was told to do.
Mary has done everything she can to help us.
Mary has decided to go to Boston by herself.
Mary has decided that she'll try to do that.
Mary has decided that she'll try doing that.
Mary has changed a lot since I last saw her.
Mary has been drinking, but she isn't drunk.
Mary has been doing that since she was born.
Mary has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary has a car, but she hardly ever uses it.
Mary hardly ever wins when she plays tennis.
Mary hardly ever sees her daughter anymore.
Mary had trouble explaining what she wanted.
Mary had some problems she had to deal with.
Mary had no idea that she was being lied to.
Mary had no idea that she was being cheated.
Mary had no idea that Tom hated her so much.
Mary had a good time when she was in Boston.
Mary got mad at me for not listening to her.
Mary gave the robbers all the money she had.
Mary frequently does that when she's scared.
Mary found Tom where she expected him to be.
Mary finished the bottle of wine by herself.
Mary finally managed to buy what she needed.
Mary expects all three of us to go with her.
Mary drives the way Tom taught her to drive.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she has to do.
Mary doesn't think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she's as creative as Tom.
Mary doesn't think she's allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't seem to like herself very much.
Mary doesn't really expect to win, does she?
Mary doesn't realize how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't permit her children to do that.
Mary doesn't make me laugh like she used to.
Mary doesn't look like she's having any fun.
Mary doesn't know who she can trust anymore.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy.
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects from her.
Mary doesn't know that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know that I think she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need.
Mary doesn't have to go unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have any confidence in herself.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she should.
Mary doesn't do that as much as she used to.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance to.
Mary does almost anything she's asked to do.
Mary didn't want to go, but Tom made her go.
Mary didn't want to go to Boston by herself.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had to.
Mary didn't want her friends to see her cry.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her with Tom.
Mary didn't want anybody to do that for her.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would enjoy her party.
Mary didn't tell me she'd done that already.
Mary didn't tell me she'd already done that.
Mary didn't tell me she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom when she'd be arriving.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to eat.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to buy.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't seem to mind sitting by herself.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was doing.
Mary didn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary didn't seem to know what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem to be very hungry, did she?
Mary didn't say what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't say what she had planned to say.
Mary didn't really want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really have to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really do what she said she did.
Mary didn't mention the reason she was late.
Mary didn't like bananas when she was a kid.
Mary didn't like Tom and he didn't like her.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to go.
Mary didn't know when she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't help us like she said she would.
Mary didn't eat anything until she got home.
Mary didn't drink the wine I poured for her.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to.
Mary did what she could to help Tom do that.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary did exactly what she'd been told to do.
Mary denied that she had accepted the bribe.
Mary definitely wants to do that by herself.
Mary decided to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary cut up all the pictures she had of Tom.
Mary couldn't find words to express herself.
Mary couldn't find what she was looking for.
Mary couldn't do that even if she wanted to.
Mary couldn't come today because she's sick.
Mary could've left early if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that if you'd helped her.
Mary could've done that by herself, I think.
Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
Mary could get hurt if she tried to do that.
Mary could do that if you gave her a chance.
Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could always try doing that by herself.
Mary convinced Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary convinced Tom that it wasn't her fault.
Mary confessed that she'd broken the window.
Mary closed the door when she left the room.
Mary claims she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary can't understand why Tom is mad at her.
Mary can't have written this letter herself.
Mary can't have done what you think she did.
Mary can study in my office if she wants to.
Mary can be persuasive when she wants to be.
Mary believed Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary begged Tom to give her one more chance.
Mary began doing that when she was thirteen.
Mary ate the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary asked us to stay and help her clean up.
Mary asked me to pick her up at the station.
Mary asked me to help her with her homework.
Mary asked me to buy her something to drink.
Mary asked me if she could watch TV with me.
Mary asked Tom to make her something to eat.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean the garage.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean her office.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her son French.
Mary almost never cried when she was a baby.
Mary almost did that when she was in Boston.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen Tom's money.
Mary admitted that she'd been irresponsible.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the money.
Mary admitted she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary acknowledged that she'd made a mistake.
Many of Mary's friends think she's a genius.
Let's hope Mary gets all the help she needs.
Let's have a party for Mary before she goes.
Let Mary buy a new computer if she wants to.
It's necessary for Mary to go there herself.
If you see Mary, could you give this to her?
If Mary had been here, she'd have helped us.
I've already told Mary what she needs to do.
I've already told Mary she needs to do that.
I'm sure that Mary can take care of herself.
I'm sure Mary will do what we ask her to do.
I'm not sure Mary would let anyone help her.
I'm convinced Mary can take care of herself.
I'll tell Mary what you want me to tell her.
I'd better ask Mary and see what she thinks.
I wonder why Mary said she doesn't know Tom.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really meant what she said.
I wonder if Mary knew she needed to do that.
I wonder if Mary did what she said she'd do.
I wish I'd never told Mary that I loved her.
I tried to hug Mary, but she pushed me away.
I told Mary to do that as soon as she could.
I told Mary that she shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Mary that she should drive to Boston.
I told Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I told Mary that she didn't have to do that.
I told Mary that I thought she looked drunk.
I told Mary she didn't have time to do that.
I told Mary not to sing while she's working.
I told Mary I couldn't play tennis with her.
I think you should ask Mary what she thinks.
I think if Mary tried to do that, she could.
I think Mary has never done that by herself.
I think Mary could do that if she wanted to.
I think I heard Mary say that she'd do that.
I should've just given Mary what she wanted.
I should've asked Mary if she could do that.
I should tell Mary why Tom doesn't like her.
I saw Mary looking at herself in the mirror.
I know Mary will have to do that on her own.
I know Mary didn't do what you said she did.
I knew Mary wouldn't get the job she wanted.
I hope Mary knows when she needs to do that.
I hope Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I doubt that Mary could get home by herself.
I don't think Mary would've swum by herself.
I don't think Mary would do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she'll do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do.
I don't think Mary knows that she's adopted.
I don't think Mary has everything she wants.
I don't think Mary has everything she needs.
I don't think Mary did what you say she did.
I don't think Mary can take care of herself.
I don't know why Mary did that, but she did.
I don't know how Mary did that, but she did.
I don't believe Mary can do that by herself.
I do hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
I didn't tell Mary why she had to work late.
I didn't know Mary could do that by herself.
I couldn't just leave Mary there by herself.
I convinced Mary not to go there by herself.
I asked Mary why she'd never studied French.
I asked Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I asked Mary why she wanted to study French.
I asked Mary why she wanted to go to Boston.
How did Mary get Tom to cook dinner for her?
Have you told Mary why she needs to do that?
Have you told Mary what she should be doing?
Don't laugh at Mary when she makes mistakes.
Does Mary think she doesn't need to do that?
Does Mary think she doesn't have to do that?
Does Mary know we don't want her to do that?
Do you remember when Mary said she did that?
Did you tell Mary why she shouldn't do that?
Did you tell Mary what time she should come?
Did you tell Mary she could borrow your car?
Did you ask Mary if she wants to go with us?
Did you ask Mary if she did that by herself?
Did Mary tell Tom why she couldn't help him?
Did Mary say she thought she had to do that?
Did Mary really say she thought I was smart?
Did Mary know we didn't want her to do that?
Both of Mary's brothers are taller than her.
Ask Mary if she's willing to work part-time.
Ask Mary and she'll tell you the same thing.
Ask Mary about it the next time you see her.
Why would Mary need Tom to do that for her?
Why should Mary ask Tom to do that for her?
Why did Mary stop doing what she was doing?
Where did Mary stay when she was in Boston?
When you see Mary, please give this to her.
When does Mary want me to help her do that?
When Mary left, I told her she'd come back.
When I told Mary I'd done that, she smiled.
When I first met Mary, she was a bartender.
What time did Mary say she wanted to leave?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to drink?
We must stop Mary before she hurts herself.
Wasn't Mary supposed to do that by herself?
Was Mary really able to do that by herself?
This is the room where Mary killed herself.
The umbrella Mary was carrying wasn't hers.
Tell Mary that we're not going to help her.
Tell Mary that she should lose some weight.
Tell Mary that I don't want to talk to her.
Tell Mary she needs to do that before 2:30.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her right away.
Please tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Please tell Mary that I'll do that for her.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't leave early.
Please tell Mary she ought to do that soon.
Please tell Mary she needs to wear goggles.
Please tell Mary not to do that by herself.
Mary's parents never visited her in prison.
Mary's oldest daughter looks just like her.
Mary's father made her sell her motorcycle.
Mary's doctor advised her to stop drinking.
Mary's doctor advised her to exercise more.
Mary's been here at least once, hasn't she?
Mary yelled for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary wouldn't likely go camping by herself.
Mary wouldn't let Tom look at her pictures.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't do that even if you paid her.
Mary wouldn't be doing that now, would she?
Mary would tell us the truth, wouldn't she?
Mary would never try to do that by herself.
Mary would never do what you claim she did.
Mary would like to know what she did wrong.
Mary would do that herself if she knew how.
Mary would do anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary wondered if Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary won't leave until she's talked to Tom.
Mary wishes she never had to do that again.
Mary wished that she could play the guitar.
Mary wished she hadn't spent so much money.
Mary will talk your ear off if you let her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not busy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't busy.
Mary will love the present you got for her.
Mary will get fired if she doesn't do that.
Mary will do that only if Tom tells her to.
Mary will do that as soon as she gets home.
Mary will come back when she feels like it.
Mary will be very happy she didn't do that.
Mary will be in Boston all week, won't she?
Mary went as far as the station by herself.
Mary wasn't told not to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't feeling well, so she went home.
Mary wasn't able to fix her car by herself.
Mary was too young to take care of herself.
Mary was thirteen when she moved to Boston.
Mary was talking louder than she needed to.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom crying.
Mary was sitting at the counter by herself.
Mary was hoping you could do that with her.
Mary was hoping she could help Tom do that.
Mary was hoping she could do that with Tom.
Mary was happy that Tom helped her do that.
Mary was glad that someone agreed with her.
Mary was expecting Tom to help her do that.
Mary was convinced that she had to do that.
Mary was angry with herself for being late.
Mary was able to buy everything she needed.
Mary wants you to help her paint the fence.
Mary wants you to help her do her homework.
Mary wants to know what Tom said about her.
Mary wants to know how she can lose weight.
Mary wants Tom to know she likes him a lot.
Mary wanted to learn how to defend herself.
Mary wanted me to teach her how to do that.
Mary wanted me to give her time to do that.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her how to juggle.
Mary wanted Tom to invite her to his party.
Mary visits Tom every time she's in Boston.
Mary usually doesn't get what she asks for.
Mary used to swim, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to sing better than she does now.
Mary used to be able to do that by herself.
Mary tried to warn Tom, but he ignored her.
Mary tried to drown herself in her bathtub.
Mary told us she didn't want us to do that.
Mary told the doctor that she felt no pain.
Mary told me why she wasn't at the meeting.
Mary told me where she was planning to eat.
Mary told me that she's through doing that.
Mary told me that she's tempted to do that.
Mary told me that she's decided to do that.
Mary told me that she'll be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she'd decided to do that.
Mary told me that she wasn't afraid of Tom.
Mary told me that she used to be very poor.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ugly.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sick.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was safe.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was rich.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nosy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nice.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was next.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was mean.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lost.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lazy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cute.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cool.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cold.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was busy.
Mary told me that she hadn't done that yet.
Mary told me that she got here early today.
Mary told me that she found this in a cave.
Mary told me she'd wait until we got there.
Mary told me she'd never seen one of these.
Mary told me she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary told me she was married to a Canadian.
Mary told me she was going to kill herself.
Mary told me she wanted to teach me French.
Mary told me she waited for thirty minutes.
Mary told me she thought you could do that.
Mary told me she thought she might do that.
Mary told me she thought she could do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom could do that.
Mary told me she probably wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she had no time to read books.
Mary told me she didn't like playing chess.
Mary told me she didn't like green peppers.
Mary told me she didn't know Tom very well.
Mary told me she didn't feel like laughing.
Mary told me it was too hard for her to do.
Mary told Tom where she hid the gold coins.
Mary told Tom that she'd help John do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd been out shopping.
Mary told Tom that she'd be home on Monday.
Mary told Tom that she was glad to see him.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was cute.
Mary told Tom that she thought I'd do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't be at his party.
Mary told Tom she wanted to move to Boston.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to leave.
Mary told Tom she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told Tom she could do that by herself.
Mary thought that she was going to be busy.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't forgive her.
Mary thought she'd be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary thought she was going to be all alone.
Mary thought she might not need to do that.
Mary thought she might not have to do that.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't do that with her.
Mary thinks that I don't know what she did.
Mary thinks she's smarter than anyone else.
Mary thinks she can tell when Tom is lying.
Mary talked Tom into eating lunch with her.
Mary suspected that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary surprised everybody when she did that.
Mary surprised all of us when she did that.
Mary stressed that she did that by herself.
Mary stopped crying as soon as she saw Tom.
Mary stood by herself next to the lamppost.
Mary still lives in Boston with her father.
Mary still doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary stayed longer than she had planned to.
Mary started working when she was thirteen.
Mary started to leave, but Tom stopped her.
Mary started smoking when she was thirteen.
Mary spent her thirtieth birthday with Tom.
Mary spends most of her time reading books.
Mary sometimes does that when she's sleepy.
Mary sometimes does that when she's hungry.
Mary slammed the door as she left the room.
Mary showed me the letter she got from Tom.
Mary showed Tom some pictures of her house.
Mary showed Tom a photograph of her father.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom about what she did.
Mary shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Mary shouldn't have stayed here by herself.
Mary shouldn't have done that, but she did.
Mary shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Mary should've invited Tom, but she didn't.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's hungry.
Mary should have one of us do that for her.
Mary should do that the way Tom showed her.
Mary should be glad she's not here with us.
Mary seems to actually be enjoying herself.
Mary says that she's met you several times.
Mary says that she'll never come back here.
Mary says that she wasn't surprised at all.
Mary says that she wants to be buried here.
Mary says that she doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she's willing to do that for you.
Mary says she's willing to do that for Tom.
Mary says she's waiting for that to happen.
Mary says she's too tired today to help us.
Mary says she's too sick to get out of bed.
Mary says she's read this book three times.
Mary says she's feeling a lot better today.
Mary says she's already decided to do that.
Mary says she won't walk to school anymore.
Mary says she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary says she wants to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary says she wants to talk about it later.
Mary says she wants to continue doing that.
Mary says she tries to do that once a week.
Mary says she stayed up all night studying.
Mary says she really enjoys figure skating.
Mary says she never wants to do that again.
Mary says she makes thirty dollars an hour.
Mary says she likes spending time with Tom.
Mary says she knows why you didn't do that.
Mary says she knows why Tom didn't do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't speak French.
Mary says she isn't in the mood to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you don't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom refuses to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who did that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is able to do that.
Mary says she has no idea why Tom did that.
Mary says she finds doing that interesting.
Mary says she dreams about Tom every night.
Mary says she doesn't want to work outside.
Mary says she doesn't want to wait for you.
Mary says she doesn't want to study French.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't think that'll happen.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll do that.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom lives.
Mary says she doesn't know what to do next.
Mary says she doesn't have time to eat now.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't even like to do that.
Mary says she doesn't even like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe you did that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she didn't know what it was like.
Mary says she didn't do that for the money.
Mary says she can't remember what happened.
Mary says she can't work in this heat.
Mary says she can't do anything about that.
Mary says she can prove Tom didn't do that.
Mary says she can help me write the report.
Mary says she already knows how to do that.
Mary says she already has plans for Monday.
Mary says everyone she knows has done that.
Mary says a lot of things she doesn't mean.
Mary says Tom's children are scared of her.
Mary saved all of the letters Tom sent her.
Mary said the mosquitoes didn't bother her.
Mary said that's not what she wanted to do.
Mary said that's not what she needed to do.
Mary said that she'll be back home by 2:30.
Mary said that she'd be a few minutes late.
Mary said that she wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't going to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't going to be late.
Mary said that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary said that she was having a lot of fun.
Mary said that she was finished doing that.
Mary said that she wanted to be left alone.
Mary said that she plays the flute as well.
Mary said that she needed to go home early.
Mary said that she likes swimming with Tom.
Mary said that she felt very uncomfortable.
Mary said that she feels much better today.
Mary said that she doesn't like this color.
Mary said that she doesn't know what to do.
Mary said that she didn't know how to swim.
Mary said she's willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's only tried doing that once.
Mary said she's only done that three times.
Mary said she's done that only three times.
Mary said she's been waiting for some time.
Mary said she's been trying to lose weight.
Mary said she's been told to do that again.
Mary said she's been having fun doing that.
Mary said she's been having fun being here.
Mary said she's always been good at sports.
Mary said she'll help us if we want her to.
Mary said she'll get it done before Monday.
Mary said she'll do that for Tom this time.
Mary said she'd try to do that again later.
Mary said she'd try doing that again later.
Mary said she'd rather not do that anymore.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that here.
Mary said she'd never try to do that alone.
Mary said she'd never come back here again.
Mary said she'd never allow you to do that.
Mary said she'd never allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd like to borrow a few books.
Mary said she'd help me if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd do that if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd do that as soon as she can.
Mary said she'd do her homework by herself.
Mary said she'd be the next one to do that.
Mary said she'd be the last one to do that.
Mary said she'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that for you.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she'd be able to help us do that.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that for you.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Mary said she wouldn't let it happen again.
Mary said she wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Mary said she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wished you'd do that for her.
Mary said she wished she were here with us.
Mary said she wished she hadn't kissed Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone there.
Mary said she wished she hadn't eaten that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't drunk that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been there.
Mary said she wasn't going to wait for Tom.
Mary said she wasn't aware of any problems.
Mary said she wasn't a good French speaker.
Mary said she was too tired to do any more.
Mary said she was tired of giving speeches.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that.
Mary said she was home in bed with the flu.
Mary said she was having problems with Tom.
Mary said she was going to let Tom do that.
Mary said she was going to help us do that.
Mary said she was going to do that herself.
Mary said she was going to do that for Tom.
Mary said she was glad she got there early.
Mary said she wants you to stop doing that.
Mary said she wanted to sit somewhere else.
Mary said she wanted to play poker with us.
Mary said she wanted to play golf with Tom.
Mary said she wanted to go camping with us.
Mary said she wanted to give you something.
Mary said she wanted to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to buy an alarm clock.
Mary said she wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
Mary said she wanted to buy a blue sweater.
Mary said she wanted to borrow a few books.
Mary said she thought you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too hot.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to win.
Mary said she thought she was going to win.
Mary said she thought she ought to do that.
Mary said she thought she couldn't do that.
Mary said she thought it would likely snow.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very busy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't at school.
Mary said she thought Tom enjoyed swimming.
Mary said she thought I was being stubborn.
Mary said she thought I seemed unconcerned.
Mary said she still had a lot things to do.
Mary said she sold her car to Tom for $300.
Mary said she sees Tom at school every day.
Mary said she saw Tom earlier this morning.
Mary said she plans to be a doctor someday.
Mary said she needed to do that by herself.
Mary said she needed to borrow an umbrella.
Mary said she may not study French anymore.
Mary said she knew that Tom should do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom had to do that.
Mary said she knew I might need to do that.
Mary said she knew I might have to do that.
Mary said she isn't very likely to do that.
Mary said she isn't going to Tom's concert.
Mary said she hopes Tom is able to do that.
Mary said she hoped she could win the race.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't be afraid.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that soon.
Mary said she has to go to school tomorrow.
Mary said she had no choice but to do that.
Mary said she expects to do that on Monday.
Mary said she expects to be there tomorrow.
Mary said she enjoyed the party last night.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that here.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom works.
Mary said she doesn't have very much money.
Mary said she doesn't feel like doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to work overtime.
Mary said she didn't want to give a speech.
Mary said she didn't want to eat right now.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers.
Mary said she didn't want to do that today.
Mary said she didn't want to do that alone.
Mary said she didn't want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't need to do that today.
Mary said she didn't need to do that again.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom worked.
Mary said she didn't have to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have to do that again.
Mary said she didn't have time to help you.
Mary said she didn't have her phone on her.
Mary said she didn't have anything to read.
Mary said she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary said she didn't expect Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't actually see anything.
Mary said she did that as soon as possible.
Mary said she couldn't swim as well as Tom.
Mary said she couldn't remember what to do.
Mary said she couldn't remember doing that.
Mary said she couldn't do anything for Tom.
Mary said she couldn't buy what she needed.
Mary said she could do that in a few hours.
Mary said she assumed you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she assumed Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said it was her who needed to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows has done that.
Mary said Tom was going to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom was glad she got there early.
Mary said Tom was asleep when she got home.
Mary refused to tell me where she was born.
Mary refused to do what we asked her to do.
Mary refused to do what she was told to do.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary refused to do what I wanted her to do.
Mary refused Tom's offer to drive her home.
Mary recognized Tom as soon as she saw him.
Mary really should've stayed where she was.
Mary realized that she had no money on her.
Mary realized she no longer had to do that.
Mary ran so fast that I couldn't catch her.
Mary put her purse on the seat next to her.
Mary promised that she'd do that this week.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd do that for us.
Mary promised me that she'd do that for me.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late.
Mary probably shouldn't do that by herself.
Mary probably doesn't know that I hate her.
Mary poured herself a second cup of coffee.
Mary persuaded Tom to sing a duet with her.
Mary persuaded Tom to lend her his new car.
Mary persuaded Tom to go swimming with her.
Mary paid Tom back everything she owed him.
Mary only did that because you told her to.
Mary never told me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary never told me who she was working for.
Mary never told Tom how much she loved him.
Mary never said why she wanted the day off.
Mary never said she'd go to Boston with us.
Mary never said she wanted to work for you.
Mary never received the money Tom sent her.
Mary never read the book that Tom gave her.
Mary never does anything unless she has to.
Mary nearly killed herself a few hours ago.
Mary must've thought she needed to do that.
Mary mentioned she was concerned about you.
Mary may use my bicycle whenever she wants.
Mary may not do what we've asked her to do.
Mary may have as many cookies as she wants.
Mary may do that right now if she wants to.
Mary may come, but then again, she may not.
Mary may be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary made herself comfortable on the couch.
Mary made herself a peanut butter sandwich.
Mary looks much younger than she really is.
Mary looks like she's reluctant to do that.
Mary looks like she's lost a lot of weight.
Mary looks like she wants to say something.
Mary looks as if she's enjoying doing that.
Mary looked to see if Tom was watching her.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a good mood.
Mary looked like she hadn't slept in weeks.
Mary lives in the house where she was born.
Mary lived in a small apartment by herself.
Mary likes you as much as she likes anyone.
Mary likes dogs more than she likes people.
Mary let me know that she couldn't do that.
Mary lent Tom all the money she had on her.
Mary knows what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary knows that what she did was a mistake.
Mary knows that she ought to do that today.
Mary knows that she needs to do that today.
Mary knows she's not likely to be punished.
Mary knows she'll never be able to do that.
Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that now.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be late.
Mary knew she was supposed to go yesterday.
Mary knew she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary knew she no longer needed to be there.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that again.
Mary just told me she was getting divorced.
Mary joined the army when she was eighteen.
Mary isn't sure whether she's ready or not.
Mary isn't sure what she's supposed to buy.
Mary isn't sure she's ready to do that yet.
Mary isn't sure she needs to do that again.
Mary isn't sure how much money she'll need.
Mary isn't suggesting Tom did that, is she?
Mary isn't really going to do that, is she?
Mary isn't really a French teacher, is she?
Mary isn't expecting me to do that, is she?
Mary isn't doing that the way I showed her.
Mary isn't as unfriendly as she used to be.
Mary isn't as supportive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as overweight as she used to be.
Mary isn't as optimistic as she used to be.
Mary isn't as dependable as she used to be.
Mary isn't as busy today as she usually is.
Mary is waiting for someone to pick her up.
Mary is waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary is very good at doing that, isn't she?
Mary is too scared to walk home by herself.
Mary is thirty, but she looks much younger.
Mary is teaching herself to play the piano.
Mary is swimming with her kids in the pool.
Mary is still working in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is still able to take care of herself.
Mary is pretty good at everything she does.
Mary is only doing what she was told to do.
Mary is old enough to take care of herself.
Mary is much smarter than you think she is.
Mary is lucky that she was able to do that.
Mary is likely be tired when she gets home.
Mary is leaving Boston tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston visiting her grandmother.
Mary is hoping Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary is here, but she's busy at the moment.
Mary is here and she'd like to talk to you.
Mary is good at technical stuff, isn't she?
Mary is good at almost everything she does.
Mary is going to like what you did for her.
Mary is going to do that when she has time.
Mary is going to do that when she comes in.
Mary is going to be very glad she did that.
Mary is going to be really busy, isn't she?
Mary is doing that because Tom told her to.
Mary is a very powerful swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a lot younger than she says she is.
Mary hopes she can to do that next October.
Mary hoped she could get her children back.
Mary held her cup out for Tom to refill it.
Mary hates it when people keep her waiting.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she has to do.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she might do.
Mary hasn't yet admitted that she did that.
Mary hasn't told us what she has to do yet.
Mary hasn't told me why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't told me why she didn't do that.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she might do yet.
Mary hasn't said a word since she got here.
Mary hasn't been herself the last few days.
Mary hasn't admitted yet that she did that.
Mary hasn't admitted that she did that yet.
Mary has tried to kill herself three times.
Mary has told me she won't do that anymore.
Mary has told me she wants to write a book.
Mary has told me she wants to go to Boston.
Mary has told me she needs to go to Boston.
Mary has to do that before she can go home.
Mary has to be careful about what she eats.
Mary has something she wants to say to you.
Mary has something in her suitcase for Tom.
Mary has proven that she can still do that.
Mary has never done that by herself before.
Mary has found what she's been looking for.
Mary has done more than we asked her to do.
Mary has done everything we told her to do.
Mary has decided to try doing that herself.
Mary has been told that she has to do that.
Mary had to walk school when she was a kid.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted to see her.
Mary had no idea what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary had no desire to stay home by herself.
Mary had no chance to tell Tom her opinion.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to buy.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to buy.
Mary got married when she was years old.
Mary got Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary gave Tom her jacket and he hung it up.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had on her.
Mary gave Tom a picture that she'd painted.
Mary found the picture she was looking for.
Mary found the keys she thought she'd lost.
Mary felt that she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary felt confident that she could do that.
Mary fell in love with one of her students.
Mary fell down the stairs and hurt herself.
Mary fainted as soon as she saw the needle.
Mary explained in detail what she had seen.
Mary expected us do the same thing she did.
Mary eventually found a job that she liked.
Mary dyed her hair the same color as Tom's.
Mary doesn't yet know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't wear glasses, but she used to.
Mary doesn't want Tom to sing at her party.
Mary doesn't usually get what she asks for.
Mary doesn't think that she should do that.
Mary doesn't think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't smile as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't seem to be herself these days.
Mary doesn't see why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't really care how she does that.
Mary doesn't really believe that, does she?
Mary doesn't live far from where she works.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom looks at her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is scared of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is afraid of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't know what she should be doing.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't know if she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know how to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't have to explain herself to me.
Mary doesn't have to do that now, does she?
Mary doesn't have her phone with her today.
Mary doesn't feel we're helping her enough.
Mary doesn't expect Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't do that by herself very often.
Mary doesn't care about anyone but herself.
Mary doesn't allow her children to do that.
Mary does know the difference, doesn't she?
Mary does know how to do that, doesn't she?
Mary does almost nothing she's asked to do.
Mary didn't yet know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't want to make a fool of herself.
Mary didn't want to let Tom into her house.
Mary didn't want anyone to do that for her.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed my help.
Mary didn't tell me why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell anyone who she really was.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be very angry, did she?
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her.
Mary didn't seem as busy as she usually is.
Mary didn't say how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't realize she was being followed.
Mary didn't know who was going to help her.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't know she was likely to be late.
Mary didn't know how much money she'd need.
Mary didn't know how much money she needed.
Mary didn't go shopping yesterday, did she?
Mary didn't go because Tom told her not to.
Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't do that for me but for herself.
Mary didn't do everything she said she did.
Mary didn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary didn't actually believe that, did she?
Mary did that whenever she had a chance to.
Mary did something that she shouldn't have.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to leave.
Mary did her best to help Tom learn French.
Mary did everything she was supposed to do.
Mary did almost all of the work by herself.
Mary did all she could to help Tom do that.
Mary denied she was involved in the murder.
Mary decided she wouldn't worry about that.
Mary decided she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided she had to tell Tom the truth.
Mary cut herself with a knife this morning.
Mary crouched down so she wouldn't be seen.
Mary couldn't wait any longer, so she left.
Mary couldn't swim when she was a teenager.
Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
Mary couldn't stand being alone, could she?
Mary couldn't solve the problem, could she?
Mary couldn't find her way out of the cave.
Mary couldn't do anything she wanted to do.
Mary couldn't do anything she needed to do.
Mary could've done that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could get in trouble if she does that.
Mary could get fired if she didn't do that.
Mary could do that well when she was young.
Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
Mary could always do that if she wanted to.
Mary closed her eyes and thought about Tom.
Mary can't go out today because she's sick.
Mary can't afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can still make it on time if she runs.
Mary can stay here as long as she wants to.
Mary can make herself understood in French.
Mary can have as many cookies as she wants.
Mary can do that right now if she wants to.
Mary called to tell Tom that she'd be late.
Mary called Tom and told him she'd be late.
Mary broke her promise and didn't help Tom.
Mary believes she can take care of herself.
Mary begged Tom to give her another chance.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that.
Mary asked me where she could buy a ticket.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six-thirty.
Mary asked me if she could use my computer.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do if he were her.
Mary asked Tom to wait until she got there.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to take her to the hospital.
Mary asked Tom to help her do her homework.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary asked Tom if she could copy his notes.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to go with her.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she'd done.
Mary already knows you want to talk to her.
Mary almost hurt herself trying to do that.
Mary agreed to take the job we offered her.
Mary admitted that she stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the bike.
Mary accidentally shot herself in the foot.
Let's stop by Mary's house and talk to her.
Let's go over to Mary's place and help her.
Let's go over to Mary's house and help her.
Let me ask Mary if she wants to go with us.
It's necessary for Mary to do that herself.
If you want me to help Mary, I'll help her.
If Mary would eat less, she'd be healthier.
If Mary does that, she's sure to regret it.
If Mary asks me to help her, I'll help her.
I've already told Mary she can leave early.
I've already given Mary what she asked for.
I'm positive Mary can take care of herself.
I wonder whether Mary regrets what she did.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her.
I want Mary to think she's smarter than us.
I told Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
I told Mary that she couldn't speak French.
I told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I told Mary it was safe for her to do that.
I think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I think Mary could've done that on her own.
I think Mary could've done that by herself.
I think I need to ask Mary what she thinks.
I should tell Mary that she has to do that.
I reminded Mary that she needed to do that.
I never really asked Mary what she thought.
I liked Mary better before she got married.
I hope Mary likes the present I bought her.
I hope Mary likes the cake I baked for her.
I hope Mary knows why she needs to do that.
I hope Mary knows what Tom wants her to do.
I hope Mary knows she has to help us today.
I hope Mary doesn't say she has to do that.
I hope Mary can do what we asked her to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she was thirteen.
I faxed Mary the information she asked for.
I expected Mary to do that, but she didn't.
I doubt that Mary could do that by herself.
I doubt that Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think Mary will do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to know.
I didn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I didn't give Mary the money she asked for.
I didn't expect Mary to react like she did.
I couldn't stand Mary when I first met her.
I could never forgive Mary if she did that.
I asked Mary why she wasn't here yesterday.
I asked Mary what she wanted for Christmas.
I asked Mary what she thought we should do.
How can Mary possibly take care of herself?
Have you ever asked Mary why she does that?
Have you asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Don't tell Mary. I don't want to worry her.
Does Mary think that's all she needs to do?
Does Mary think she'll stay in Boston long?
Does Mary think she'll be here a long time?
Does Mary seem like she's afraid of anyone?
Does Mary really have everything she needs?
Does Mary really believe what she's saying?
Does Mary know I don't want her to do that?
Does Mary always do what you ask her to do?
Do you want Mary punished for what she did?
Do you think Mary could do that by herself?
Do you think Mary can take care of herself?
Did you tell Mary that she shouldn't dance?
Did Mary tell you where she was last night?
Did Mary tell Tom why she ate his sandwich?
Did Mary say who she was with last weekend?
Did Mary say what she needed the money for?
Did Mary say she thought we had to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't do that by herself?
Did Mary really want Tom to dance with her?
Did Mary know what she was doing was wrong?
Did Mary know I didn't want her to do that?
Did Mary actually do what she said she did?
Can't we just tell Mary what she should do?
Both of Mary's sisters are taller than her.
Ask Mary if she plans to be here on Monday.
Are you sure Mary can take care of herself?
Are you sure Mary can handle it by herself?
You should've asked Mary why she did that.
You should tell Mary she needs to do that.
Would you want Mary to do that by herself?
Would you like Mary to do that by herself?
Will Mary really be doing that by herself?
Why would Mary ask Tom to do that for her?
Why did you tell Mary Tom didn't like her?
Where did Mary live before she moved here?
When I saw Mary, I recognized her at once.
What does Mary eat when she's watching TV?
We all hope Mary can take care of herself.
The last time I saw Mary, she was limping.
The last time I saw Mary she was with Tom.
Tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary she should wear a helmet.
Please tell Mary she has to do that today.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to wait.
Nobody has told Mary what she needs to do.
Mary's parents wanted her to study harder.
Mary's not at all sure what she should do.
Mary's mother packs her a lunch every day.
Mary's mother helps her with her homework.
Mary's husband is just as short as she is.
Mary's husband is just as funny as she is.
Mary's husband is just as crazy as she is.
Mary's doctor told her to give up smoking.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she'd talked to.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary would've helped us if we'd asked her.
Mary would like to do that, but she can't.
Mary would get in trouble if she did that.
Mary would be fired if she didn't do that.
Mary wondered where she'd seen Tom before.
Mary wondered what she was supposed to do.
Mary wondered if she'd ever see Tom again.
Mary won't tell us anything about herself.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary won't leave if you don't want her to.
Mary wished she could go outside and play.
Mary wished Tom would quit staring at her.
Mary will wait as long as you tell her to.
Mary will try to convince you to help her.
Mary will try to convince Tom to help her.
Mary will tell you when she feels like it.
Mary will likely lose everything she owns.
Mary will keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary will get very dirty if she does that.
Mary will get killed if she's not careful.
Mary will get in trouble if she does that.
Mary will do whatever she can to help you.
Mary will do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary will do that the way you told her to.
Mary will do that if you pay her to do it.
Mary will do that if you ask her politely.
Mary will do everything you ask her to do.
Mary will do everything she's asked to do.
Mary will be very glad she didn't do that.
Mary will be fired if she does that again.
Mary will be fined if she does that again.
Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Mary wasn't surprised when Tom kissed her.
Mary wasn't sure which one she should buy.
Mary wasn't sure she had to do that again.
Mary wasn't as busy as I thought she'd be.
Mary wasn't able to do what she had to do.
Mary was working very hard when I saw her.
Mary was very sorry for what she had done.
Mary was very skinny when she was a child.
Mary was tired, but she wouldn't admit it.
Mary was there for Tom when he needed her.
Mary was sure she needed to do that again.
Mary was so angry that she couldn't speak.
Mary was probably drunk when she did that.
Mary was lucky that she didn't get killed.
Mary was hoping you could do that for her.
Mary was aware that she was being watched.
Mary was afraid she'd hurt Tom's feelings.
Mary was afraid people might laugh at her.
Mary was able to do what she needed to do.
Mary was able to do that on her third try.
Mary wants me to wait until she gets here.
Mary wants Tom to know that she loves him.
Mary wants Tom to know that she likes him.
Mary wanted to show Tom what she'd bought.
Mary wanted me to meet her at the station.
Mary wanted me to ask Tom if he liked her.
Mary wanted her mother to leave her alone.
Mary wanted Tom to sing her favorite song.
Mary wanted Tom to help her in the garden.
Mary very seldom goes anywhere by herself.
Mary very rarely goes anywhere by herself.
Mary very frequently does that by herself.
Mary usually does what she says she'll do.
Mary usually does that when she's nervous.
Mary used to do that when she was younger.
Mary used to do that when she was a child.
Mary understands what Tom wants her to do.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she liked him.
Mary tried to get Tom to help her do that.
Mary told us that she did that by herself.
Mary told us she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told us about what she did in Boston.
Mary told me to meet her at her apartment.
Mary told me that she's afraid to do that.
Mary told me that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she'd be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she'd already done that.
Mary told me that she was going to Boston.
Mary told me that she was already married.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was mad.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was fat.
Mary told me that she intended to do that.
Mary told me she'd wait for us until 2:30.
Mary told me she'd never done that before.
Mary told me she wouldn't help us do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told me she was good at water skiing.
Mary told me she was going to talk to Tom.
Mary told me she wanted to be a scientist.
Mary told me she liked this kind of music.
Mary told me she knew how to speak French.
Mary told me she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told me she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary told me she couldn't help me do that.
Mary told me she came from a large family.
Mary told me she bought a house in Boston.
Mary told me Tom gave that bicycle to her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be free tomorrow.
Mary told Tom that she was ready to leave.
Mary told Tom that she was home on Monday.
Mary told Tom that she enjoyed doing that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't go without him.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't ever leave him.
Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted him to help John.
Mary told Tom she thought he was an idiot.
Mary told Tom she hoped she could do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to help him.
Mary thought she was going to be punished.
Mary thought she could do that by herself.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't do that for her.
Mary thought Tom would be glad to see her.
Mary thought Tom might refuse to help her.
Mary thinks she knows what'll happen next.
Mary texted Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary swore she'd never do that to anybody.
Mary swam until she couldn't swim anymore.
Mary surprised everyone when she did that.
Mary still hopes Tom will do that for her.
Mary spent the rest of her life in Boston.
Mary spent most of her time reading books.
Mary sometimes does that when she's tired.
Mary sometimes does that when she's happy.
Mary sometimes does that when she's drunk.
Mary showed Tom what she'd bought for him.
Mary showed Tom a picture of her children.
Mary shouldn't have told Tom her password.
Mary should've been ready, but she wasn't.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary should be able to do that on her own.
Mary should be able to do that by herself.
Mary seemed to really be enjoying herself.
Mary seemed to like talking about herself.
Mary seemed to know what she needed to do.
Mary seemed to have everything she needed.
Mary says that she'll pick Tom up at 2:30.
Mary says that she only eats organic food.
Mary says that she has to do that as well.
Mary says that she didn't want to do that.
Mary says that she can prove Tom did that.
Mary says she's willing to do that for us.
Mary says she's willing to do that for me.
Mary says she's thinking about doing that.
Mary says she's ready to get back to work.
Mary says she's had three glasses of wine.
Mary says she's grown tired of doing that.
Mary says she's good at riding a unicycle.
Mary says she's given it a lot of thought.
Mary says she's considering getting a dog.
Mary says she'd rather do that by herself.
Mary says she won't take no for an answer.
Mary says she wishes she hadn't done that.
Mary says she wished she could go with us.
Mary says she wasn't aware of that policy.
Mary says she wants to do that by herself.
Mary says she wants a puppy for Christmas.
Mary says she thinks she ought to do that.
Mary says she thinks she needs to do that.
Mary says she needs to go home right away.
Mary says she needs to buy a new computer.
Mary says she knows Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she just wants to be left alone.
Mary says she hopes Tom enjoys doing that.
Mary says she hasn't thought about it yet.
Mary says she hasn't had any problems yet.
Mary says she has no idea where Tom lives.
Mary says she has an announcement to make.
Mary says she finished writing the report.
Mary says she feels like she belongs here.
Mary says she feels a little better today.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk to you.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk to Tom.
Mary says she doesn't think you'd do that.
Mary says she doesn't think it's possible.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't have anything to do.
Mary says she definitely wants to do that.
Mary says she can prove that Tom did that.
Mary says everybody she knows can do that.
Mary says Tom has never been to her house.
Mary saved every letter that Tom sent her.
Mary said that's what she's always wanted.
Mary said that's not what she wants to do.
Mary said that's not what she needs to do.
Mary said that she's been very happy here.
Mary said that she'd rather come tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd be back home by 2:30.
Mary said that she wouldn't swim tomorrow.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary said that she won't do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't working anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very optimistic.
Mary said that she wasn't married anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary said that she was willing to do that.
Mary said that she was through doing that.
Mary said that she was tempted to do that.
Mary said that she was feeling very tired.
Mary said that she was at today's meeting.
Mary said that she was anxious to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to learn French.
Mary said that she used to live in Boston.
Mary said that she thought Tom understood.
Mary said that she thought I looked happy.
Mary said that she might do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she might be late tomorrow.
Mary said that she likes dancing with Tom.
Mary said that she didn't want to do that.
Mary said that she didn't mean to be rude.
Mary said that she didn't have much money.
Mary said that she can't do that tomorrow.
Mary said she's willing to do that for us.
Mary said she's willing to do that for me.
Mary said she's sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's not making a lot of money.
Mary said she's not in any hurry to leave.
Mary said she's never seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she's been trying to be careful.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that.
Mary said she's always done that that way.
Mary said she'll be on vacation next week.
Mary said she'll be in Boston next Monday.
Mary said she'll be doing that on her own.
Mary said she'll be doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd think about my suggestion.
Mary said she'd rather you didn't do that.
Mary said she'd rather do that by herself.
Mary said she'd only stay for a few hours.
Mary said she'd never tell Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that.
Mary said she'd never been in a motorboat.
Mary said she'd like to keep working here.
Mary said she'd help us if we want her to.
Mary said she'd do that for Tom this time.
Mary said she'd do that again, didn't she?
Mary said she'd be embarrassed to do that.
Mary said she'd assumed Tom would do that.
Mary said she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't be home for dinner.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't attend the meeting.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't done that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been late.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wasn't the least bit hungry.
Mary said she wasn't ready to go home yet.
Mary said she wasn't ready to give up yet.
Mary said she wasn't ready to do that yet.
Mary said she wasn't permitted to do that.
Mary said she wasn't interested in sports.
Mary said she wasn't happy here in Boston.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom's help.
Mary said she was unaware of any problems.
Mary said she was tricked into doing that.
Mary said she was good at speaking French.
Mary said she was going to try to help us.
Mary said she was going to let us do that.
Mary said she was going to do that for me.
Mary said she was going to do that anyway.
Mary said she was glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she was glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she was almost ready to do that.
Mary said she was afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she wants to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to watch a little TV.
Mary said she wanted to meet Tom's family.
Mary said she wanted to leave early today.
Mary said she wanted to do something else.
Mary said she wanted stay a little longer.
Mary said she tried to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought that Tom was hungry.
Mary said she thought she'd be prosecuted.
Mary said she thought she should help Tom.
Mary said she thought she knew what to do.
Mary said she thought she had to help Tom.
Mary said she thought my jokes were funny.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom would be scared.
Mary said she thought Tom would be lonely.
Mary said she thought Tom would be hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom would be afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom would be absent.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom was unimpressed.
Mary said she thought Tom was still awake.
Mary said she thought Tom was over thirty.
Mary said she thought Tom was on vacation.
Mary said she thought Tom was embarrassed.
Mary said she thought Tom looked confused.
Mary said she thought I was wearing a wig.
Mary said she saw Tom waiting for the bus.
Mary said she saw Tom crying this morning.
Mary said she regretted what had happened.
Mary said she really doesn't do that much.
Mary said she probably isn't going to win.
Mary said she plans to get home on Monday.
Mary said she never wanted to get married.
Mary said she never wanted this to happen.
Mary said she never wanted that to happen.
Mary said she never considered doing that.
Mary said she needs to do that by herself.
Mary said she needs to borrow an umbrella.
Mary said she needed to buy a new sweater.
Mary said she needed to borrow some money.
Mary said she knows one of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she knew why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she knew why Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom would do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom could do that.
Mary said she isn't making a lot of money.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry to leave.
Mary said she hopes to be back in October.
Mary said she hoped to be back in October.
Mary said she hoped that Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she heard noises in the kitchen.
Mary said she has to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had things she needed to do.
Mary said she had not intended to do that.
Mary said she got really tired doing that.
Mary said she felt she needed to help Tom.
Mary said she felt no pressure to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that.
Mary said she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom went.
Mary said she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to study French.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to sing with us.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary said she didn't want to eat anything.
Mary said she didn't want to do that here.
Mary said she didn't want anything to eat.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was hungry.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was asleep.
Mary said she didn't recommend doing that.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary said she didn't have to work anymore.
Mary said she didn't have to wait so long.
Mary said she didn't have to decide today.
Mary said she didn't have time to do that.
Mary said she didn't have much experience.
Mary said she didn't have anything to say.
Mary said she didn't have anything to eat.
Mary said she didn't have a place to stay.
Mary said she didn't have a full-time job.
Mary said she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary said she could go to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she appreciated you being there.
Mary said nobody had asked her to do that.
Mary said no one had asked her to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows can do that.
Mary said Tom's dog wasn't as big as hers.
Mary said Tom has never been to her house.
Mary remembered where she'd last seen Tom.
Mary refused to do what I asked her to do.
Mary realized she had to help Tom do that.
Mary realized she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary raised three children all by herself.
Mary raised the three children by herself.
Mary promised that she'd take care of Tom.
Mary promised she'd never do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd do that today.
Mary promised me that she'd clean my room.
Mary promised me she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised Tom that she'd quit smoking.
Mary promised Tom she'd come to his party.
Mary probably knows more than she told us.
Mary probably couldn't do that on her own.
Mary probably couldn't do that by herself.
Mary pretended she didn't know what to do.
Mary poured herself another glass of wine.
Mary poured herself another glass of milk.
Mary poured herself another cup of coffee.
Mary poured champagne for herself and Tom.
Mary phoned to say she'd be a little late.
Mary passed the test she took last Monday.
Mary opened her eyes and looked up at Tom.
Mary often sings when she's in the shower.
Mary obviously wanted someone to help her.
Mary obviously needs somebody to help her.
Mary never told me why she didn't do that.
Mary never told me what she wanted to eat.
Mary never seems to have any money on her.
Mary never said where she'd first met Tom.
Mary never did what she promised she'd do.
Mary needs to take better care of herself.
Mary needs to help Tom more than she does.
Mary needs to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary needs to do what I've told her to do.
Mary must've forgotten her promise to Tom.
Mary must've been tired when she got home.
Mary might help us if we ask her politely.
Mary might be able to get home by herself.
Mary looks older than her younger brother.
Mary looks like she's hesitant to do that.
Mary looks a lot older than she really is.
Mary looked like she was going to hit Tom.
Mary looked like she was enjoying herself.
Mary locked herself in her room and cried.
Mary lived in Boston when she was a child.
Mary likes to eat while she's watching TV.
Mary let me know that she wanted to drive.
Mary let herself in through the back door.
Mary let Tom know that she couldn't drive.
Mary lent me all the money she had on her.
Mary knows when she's supposed to be here.
Mary knows there's no way she can do that.
Mary knows the police are looking for her.
Mary knows that she ought to do that soon.
Mary knows that she needs to do that soon.
Mary knows something she's not telling us.
Mary knows she no longer needs to do that.
Mary knew who was trying to get her fired.
Mary knew the police were looking for her.
Mary knew that Tom wanted her to help him.
Mary knew she wouldn't be allowed to stay.
Mary knew she no longer needed to do that.
Mary knew it was wrong to do what she did.
Mary knew it was Tom knocking on her door.
Mary just told me she was getting married.
Mary isn't sure what she's supposed to do.
Mary isn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary isn't really sure what she should do.
Mary isn't really sure what she has to do.
Mary isn't really going to Boston, is she?
Mary isn't quite sure where she should go.
Mary isn't expected to do that by herself.
Mary isn't drunk, but she's been drinking.
Mary isn't as talkative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as people think she is.
Mary isn't as obnoxious as she used to be.
Mary isn't as impulsive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as forgetful as she used to be.
Mary isn't as confident as she used to be.
Mary isn't as conceited as she used to be.
Mary is young, but knows what she's doing.
Mary is wearing the blue cap you gave her.
Mary is usually very efficient, isn't she?
Mary is too young to take care of herself.
Mary is sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is still your best friend, isn't she?
Mary is still living in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is saving money so she can go abroad.
Mary is playing with her kids in the pool.
Mary is on her way to Tom's apartment now.
Mary is much younger than she says she is.
Mary is much richer than you think she is.
Mary is lucky she's still able to do that.
Mary is looking very pleased with herself.
Mary is grateful for what you did for her.
Mary is going to laugh when she sees this.
Mary is going to have her house repainted.
Mary is going to do what I tell her to do.
Mary is getting on your nerves, isn't she?
Mary is coming here to help us, isn't she?
Mary is capable of taking care of herself.
Mary is being quite diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to say anything, isn't she?
Mary is a lot older than you think she is.
Mary is a little young for you, isn't she?
Mary is a good friend of yours, isn't she?
Mary invited too many people to her party.
Mary invited a lot of people to her party.
Mary invited Tom to the party, didn't she?
Mary hurt herself while trying to do that.
Mary hopes that she'll be able to do that.
Mary hoped Tom would make it to her party.
Mary helps anybody that asks her for help.
Mary held out her mug and Tom refilled it.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she might do.
Mary hasn't yet said what she plans to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she might do yet.
Mary hasn't said what she plans to do yet.
Mary hasn't been very kind to us, has she?
Mary has told me she'll sign the contract.
Mary has told Tom that she has to do that.
Mary has really outdone herself this time.
Mary has no idea what she's talking about.
Mary has no idea what she should be doing.
Mary has no idea what Tom wants her to do.
Mary has never said she wanted to do that.
Mary has lost a lot of weight, hasn't she?
Mary has done what she was supposed to do.
Mary has done what Tom said she should do.
Mary has done what Tom expected her to do.
Mary has done everything she wanted to do.
Mary has difficulty controlling her anger.
Mary has been waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary has been letting Tom use her bicycle.
Mary has already said that she'll do that.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to buy.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to buy.
Mary has a list of things she needs to do.
Mary has a couple of tattoos, doesn't she?
Mary had something she wanted to show Tom.
Mary had something she needed to tell Tom.
Mary had some questions she wanted to ask.
Mary had no idea what she should tell Tom.
Mary had no idea what she should be doing.
Mary had no idea that Tom didn't like her.
Mary had no desire to go there by herself.
Mary had hoped that she'd win the lottery.
Mary had better do what we told her to do.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to do.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to do.
Mary got most of the things she asked for.
Mary got exactly what she said she wanted.
Mary goes there whenever she has a chance.
Mary gave us all the money she had on her.
Mary gave the same answer she always does.
Mary gave me all the money she had on her.
Mary gave Tom permission to drive her car.
Mary found the key she'd been looking for.
Mary found everything she was looking for.
Mary forgot to take her umbrella with her.
Mary forgot to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary expected us to go with her yesterday.
Mary doesn't think she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'd enjoy doing that.
Mary doesn't think she did anything wrong.
Mary doesn't think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't study as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't smile as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't sleep as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't often admit that she's wrong.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is ignoring her.
Mary doesn't know who's going to help her.
Mary doesn't know what's in store for her.
Mary doesn't know what happened, does she?
Mary doesn't know she's going to be fired.
Mary doesn't doubt her ability to do that.
Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do.
Mary does that because she wants to do it.
Mary does that because she loves doing it.
Mary didn't waste her time talking to Tom.
Mary didn't want the present Tom gave her.
Mary didn't want Tom to know she was rich.
Mary didn't want Tom to come to her party.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary didn't tell you any of this, did she?
Mary didn't tell me she'd never done that.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten divorced.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to be very busy, did she?
Mary didn't say why she came here by taxi.
Mary didn't say where or when to meet her.
Mary didn't really go swimming by herself.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't realize she needed to do that.
Mary didn't read the message Tom sent her.
Mary didn't like the way Tom spoke to her.
Mary didn't know what she was going to do.
Mary didn't know what she should be doing.
Mary didn't know that Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait.
Mary didn't know because I never told her.
Mary didn't have to tell Tom, but she did.
Mary didn't give you much choice, did she?
Mary didn't get paid for the work she did.
Mary didn't find what she was looking for.
Mary didn't feel she was ready to do that.
Mary didn't expect you to do that for her.
Mary didn't expect Tom to be at her party.
Mary didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary didn't do that the way I told her to.
Mary didn't do everything you say she did.
Mary didn't do everything she say she did.
Mary did know she was supposed to do that.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to stay.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to sing.
Mary did exactly what we wanted her to do.
Mary did everything she could to help Tom.
Mary did better than I expected her to do.
Mary definitely did what she said she did.
Mary decided to try doing that by herself.
Mary cried for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary couldn't see herself ever doing that.
Mary couldn't read until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't do what she was asked to do.
Mary couldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary couldn't do everything she had to do.
Mary could've lied to you, but she didn't.
Mary could've done that faster by herself.
Mary could hardly make herself understood.
Mary could do everything she needed to do.
Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
Mary convinced Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary convinced Tom to loan her some money.
Mary convinced Tom to lend her some money.
Mary confessed to me that she'd done that.
Mary complained that Tom never helped her.
Mary committed suicide by hanging herself.
Mary claims she doesn't remember anything.
Mary claimed that she didn't see anything.
Mary claimed she didn't remember anything.
Mary can't have done what you say she did.
Mary can't decide who she should vote for.
Mary can come back here anytime she wants.
Mary can always try doing that by herself.
Mary came to return a book she'd borrowed.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen.
Mary called to say she won't be here today
Mary called Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary brags about how well she can do that.
Mary believed the story that Tom told her.
Mary ate her lunch in the park by herself.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary asked me to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked me to help her paint her house.
Mary asked me to give her time to do that.
Mary asked if she was required to do that.
Mary asked a lot of questions, didn't she?
Mary asked Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to look after her children.
Mary asked Tom to go to the park with her.
Mary asked Tom to get her a cup of coffee.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the office.
Mary asked Tom if she could hold his hand.
Mary asked Tom if he knew her new address.
Mary asked Tom if he could do her a favor.
Mary armed herself with a gun and a knife.
Mary apparently didn't do that by herself.
Mary always feels happy when she sees Tom.
Mary already knows what she's going to do.
Mary agreed to do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted that what she did was wrong.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really rich.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really hurt.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been honest.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her computer.
It looks like Mary knows what she's doing.
Isn't Mary supposed to do that by herself?
Is it necessary for Mary to go by herself?
Is Mary really going to Boston by herself?
If Mary has a problem, you could help her.
If Mary had more money, she could do that.
If Mary had a lot of money, she'd do that.
I've spoken to Mary and she says she's OK.
I've never forgiven Mary for what she did.
I've already told Mary she should do that.
I've already told Mary she has to do that.
I'd help Mary do that if she wanted me to.
I wonder where Mary is and who she's with.
I wonder if Mary's friends would help her.
I wonder if Mary can take care of herself.
I told Mary to leave as soon as she could.
I told Mary she needed to be here by 2:30.
I told Mary she could buy what she wanted.
I told Mary I didn't know where she lived.
I thought Mary knew what she needed to do.
I think Mary wants me to do that with her.
I think I should ask Mary what she thinks.
I sure hope Mary can take care of herself.
I should've given Mary what she asked for.
I should've asked Mary why she left early.
I see Mary every time she comes to Boston.
I promised Mary that I'd do that with her.
I promised Mary I'd meet her in the lobby.
I often help Mary, but she never helps me.
I never got to tell Mary that I loved her.
I love Mary and I think she loves me, too.
I know that Mary says she doesn't like me.
I know that Mary can take care of herself.
I know Mary better than she knows herself.
I kept watching Mary to see what she'd do.
I hope that Mary can take care of herself.
I hope Mary will like what I made for her.
I hope Mary knows when she has to do that.
I don't think Mary knows what she's doing.
I don't think Mary knows how lucky she is.
I don't think Mary has what she wants yet.
I don't think Mary can do that by herself.
I don't love Mary as much as she loves me.
I don't believe Mary. I think she's lying.
I don't believe Mary can do it by herself.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to buy.
I didn't tell Mary that I didn't like her.
I came to pick Mary up and drive her home.
I asked Mary why she never studied French.
I asked Mary what she'd do if she were me.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go swimming.
I asked Mary if she liked studying French.
How old was Mary when she started walking?
How old was Mary when she started talking?
How old was Mary when she moved to Boston?
How much did Mary pay you to mow her lawn?
How did Mary react when you told her that?
How did Mary know we were looking for her?
Have you told Mary why you don't like her?
Have you told Mary why she should do that?
Have you told Mary why she has to do that?
Have you told Mary what she needs to know?
Have you ever asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary ever told you where she was born?
Has Mary ever told you that she loves you?
Has Mary ever asked you to loan her money?
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that?
Does Mary know what Tom expects her to do?
Do you think Mary will do that by herself?
Didn't Mary tell you she wouldn't do that?
Did you tell Mary what she needed to know?
Did Mary know we wanted her to go with us?
Did Mary expect Tom to eat lunch with her?
Did Mary ask you to go to Boston with her?
Ask Mary when she started studying French.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with you.
Ask Mary if she really has to do that now.
As soon as Mary saw Tom, she began to cry.
All Mary told me was that she was unhappy.
You owe it to Mary to tell her the truth.
Why should Mary have Tom do that for her?
Why does Mary usually do that by herself?
Why didn't Mary tell Tom what she'd done?
Who told Mary that she could leave early?
Who does Mary think is going to help her?
Who did Mary think would do that for her?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her?
Who did Mary say went to Boston with her?
Where did Mary work before she came here?
Whenever Mary is in Boston, she stops by.
When Mary saw Tom smile, she smiled, too.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her.
What time did Mary say she wanted to eat?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to eat?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to buy?
What did Mary say she expected to happen?
We should give Mary some time by herself.
We can't just leave Mary here by herself.
This is where Mary said she used to live.
That was what Mary said she wanted to do.
Tell Mary what Tom asked you to tell her.
Tell Mary that I'm too tired to help her.
Tell Mary she shouldn't agree to do that.
Tell Mary she has to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Mary that she has to do that.
Please tell Mary she should do that soon.
Please see that Mary gets what she needs.
Please give Mary everything she asks for.
Maybe we should ask Mary what she thinks.
Mary's parents live three miles from her.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants.
Mary's mother told her to clean her room.
Mary's husband left her three months ago.
Mary's husband asked her to quit her job.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drive.
Mary's French is better than her English.
Mary wouldn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary wouldn't really eat that, would she?
Mary wouldn't really buy that, would she?
Mary wouldn't let Tom sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't allow Tom to drive her car.
Mary would've waited if you'd called her.
Mary would lend you money if she had any.
Mary would cry if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered what she'd find in the box.
Mary won't likely go canoeing by herself.
Mary won't do that unless you ask her to.
Mary won't be able to do that on her own.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself.
Mary wished she hadn't told Tom anything.
Mary wished she hadn't gone to the party.
Mary wished she hadn't eaten so much pie.
Mary wished she hadn't done what she did.
Mary will never admit that she was wrong.
Mary will likely lose everything she has.
Mary will have to live with what she did.
Mary will have to do that all by herself.
Mary will do whatever you tell her to do.
Mary will be waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary went to bed as soon as she got home.
Mary went to Boston live with her father.
Mary wasn't sure which way she should go.
Mary wasn't sure she could do that again.
Mary wasn't sure if she had enough money.
Mary wasn't at school yesterday, was she?
Mary was tired, so she went to bed early.
Mary was surprised by what Tom asked her.
Mary was still doing that when I saw her.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom crying.
Mary was in a hurry because she was late.
Mary was in Boston last week, wasn't she?
Mary was hoping we could do that for her.
Mary was happy that Tom did that for her.
Mary was exactly where Tom said she'd be.
Mary was drunk last night when I saw her.
Mary was afraid Tom wouldn't believe her.
Mary warmed herself in front of the fire.
Mary wants you to help her do that today.
Mary wants to know why Tom is mad at her.
Mary wants to know how much she owes you.
Mary wants to go and live with her uncle.
Mary wants me to help her this afternoon.
Mary wants her parents to buy her a pony.
Mary wanted to finish what she was doing.
Mary wanted to do that, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted me to teach her how to drive.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her how to swim.
Mary wanted Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary wanted Tom to say that he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her after school.
Mary wanted Tom to help her wash the car.
Mary wanted Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary used to play the guitar, didn't she?
Mary used to hate Tom. Now she loves him.
Mary tried to persuade me to go with her.
Mary tried to leave, but Tom stopped her.
Mary tried to get Tom to do that for her.
Mary tore up the letter she got from Tom.
Mary took her children on a camping trip.
Mary told us she could understand French.
Mary told me that she's ready to do that.
Mary told me that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she was claustrophobic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was OK.
Mary told me that she thinks Tom is cute.
Mary told me that she has just done that.
Mary told me that she can't speak French.
Mary told me she wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Mary told me she wouldn't be coming back.
Mary told me she wasn't ready to go home.
Mary told me she wasn't going to help me.
Mary told me she was tired of doing that.
Mary told me she was prepared to do that.
Mary told me she was finished doing that.
Mary told me she was feeling a bit tired.
Mary told me she wanted to eat Thai food.
Mary told me she wanted to do that today.
Mary told me she wanted to do that alone.
Mary told me she likes going to concerts.
Mary told me she first met Tom in Boston.
Mary told me she felt the same way I did.
Mary told me she didn't have time to eat.
Mary told me she didn't have any regrets.
Mary told me she didn't feel like eating.
Mary told me she didn't care what we did.
Mary told Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary told Tom to meet her at the library.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that today.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told Tom she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom not to do that, didn't she?
Mary told Tom how to do that, didn't she?
Mary thought she should ask Tom to leave.
Mary thought she could get that for free.
Mary thought about what Tom had told her.
Mary thought Tom would come to her party.
Mary thought Tom knew who her father was.
Mary thought Tom didn't like her anymore.
Mary thinks some of her friends did that.
Mary thinks she's going to lose the race.
Mary thinks she won't be able to do that.
Mary thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary swore she'd never do that to anyone.
Mary suspected that Tom was lying to her.
Mary stole money from her mother's purse.
Mary still wants to do that, doesn't she?
Mary still wants Tom to help her do that.
Mary still needs to do that, doesn't she?
Mary still isn't sure what she should do.
Mary still hopes she can do that someday.
Mary still does that as often as she can.
Mary spent all morning cleaning her room.
Mary showed Tom where she kept his money.
Mary showed Tom pictures of her children.
Mary shouldn't try to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary should've told Tom why she was late.
Mary should've done that, but she didn't.
Mary should tell Tom she'd never do that.
Mary should tell Tom she won't leave him.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should have someone do that for her.
Mary should be able take care of herself.
Mary seems to really be enjoying herself.
Mary seems to like talking about herself.
Mary seemed to be very angry, didn't she?
Mary seemed to be quite busy, didn't she?
Mary says you talked her into doing that.
Mary says that she's never been arrested.
Mary says that she won't do that anymore.
Mary says that she wants to learn French.
Mary says that she wants to go to Boston.
Mary says that she wants to do that, too.
Mary says that she wants to come with us.
Mary says that she needs to do that, too.
Mary says that she also wants to do that.
Mary says that she also needs to do that.
Mary says she's ready to help us do that.
Mary says she's not the one who did that.
Mary says she's not going to Tom's party.
Mary says she's not a member of any club.
Mary says she's never even talked to Tom.
Mary says she's interested in doing that.
Mary says she's forgotten how to do that.
Mary says she's been injured three times.
Mary says she's always wanted to do that.
Mary says she'll never go back to Boston.
Mary says she'll go to Boston in October.
Mary says she'll do the same thing we do.
Mary says she'd rather not do that today.
Mary says she'd never ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she won't answer any questions.
Mary says she wants to play golf with me.
Mary says she wants to eat pizza tonight.
Mary says she used to be able to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom really did that.
Mary says she plans to stay where she is.
Mary says she knows the guy who did that.
Mary says she isn't the one who did that.
Mary says she isn't ready to go home yet.
Mary says she isn't ready to do that yet.
Mary says she isn't interested in sports.
Mary says she hopes Tom tries to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom tries doing that.
Mary says she hopes Tom likes to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom likes doing that.
Mary says she heard that Tom wanted help.
Mary says she heard that Tom needed help.
Mary says she heard Tom tapping his foot.
Mary says she heard Tom and John arguing.
Mary says she hasn't seen that movie yet.
Mary says she hasn't eaten in three days.
Mary says she hasn't done that in months.
Mary says she hasn't done anything wrong.
Mary says she has about thirty cookbooks.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will cry.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can swim.
Mary says she doesn't do that very often.
Mary says she didn't know how to do that.
Mary says she could never live in Boston.
Mary says she can't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she can get everything we need.
Mary says she already knows how to drive.
Mary says everyone she knows can do that.
Mary said your snoring didn't bother her.
Mary said you were meeting her for lunch.
Mary said there's a reason she does that.
Mary said that she won't do that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very surprised.
Mary said that she wasn't very impressed.
Mary said that she wasn't very concerned.
Mary said that she wasn't hungry anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't having any fun.
Mary said that she wasn't claustrophobic.
Mary said that she was very disappointed.
Mary said that she was glad she did that.
Mary said that she was glad Tom did that.
Mary said that she was at home on Monday.
Mary said that she knew she wouldn't win.
Mary said that she isn't able to do that.
Mary said that she had fun at your party.
Mary said that she couldn't wait anymore.
Mary said that Tom was going to help her.
Mary said that Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she did that.
Mary said she's pleased with the results.
Mary said she's not sure if Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she's not permitted to do that.
Mary said she's interested in doing that.
Mary said she's glad you weren't injured.
Mary said she's glad she got there early.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't get hurt.
Mary said she's forgotten how to do that.
Mary said she's been to Australia before.
Mary said she'll help us any way she can.
Mary said she'll help me get what I need.
Mary said she'll go to Boston in October.
Mary said she'd rather not eat right now.
Mary said she'd rather not do that today.
Mary said she'd rather not do that again.
Mary said she'd rather do that next week.
Mary said she'd never tried water skiing.
Mary said she'd never ever do that again.
Mary said she'd never ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd like to hang out with us.
Mary said she'd help you do that as well.
Mary said she'd help me find what I need.
Mary said she'd help Tom do that as well.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to help her.
Mary said she'd do that if I did it, too.
Mary said she'd be retiring next October.
Mary said she'd be in Boston next Monday.
Mary said she'd be here in a few minutes.
Mary said she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't play tennis today.
Mary said she wasn't the least bit tired.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to drive.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to drink.
Mary said she wasn't going to go with us.
Mary said she wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said she wasn't a good chess player.
Mary said she was sorry for what she did.
Mary said she was in no hurry to go home.
Mary said she was in no hurry to do that.
Mary said she was going to let Tom drive.
Mary said she was glad that you did that.
Mary said she was glad that she did that.
Mary said she was glad that Tom did that.
Mary said she was asked to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to help Tom do that.
Mary said she wanted to eat Chinese food.
Mary said she wanted to do it by herself.
Mary said she wanted to buy a skateboard.
Mary said she wanted to be ready by 2:30.
Mary said she thought you should do that.
Mary said she thought that Tom was tired.
Mary said she thought she should do that.
Mary said she thought she had to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help Tom.
Mary said she thought it was an accident.
Mary said she thought Tom would be tired.
Mary said she thought Tom would be ready.
Mary said she thought Tom would be early.
Mary said she thought Tom would be alone.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't worried.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't at home.
Mary said she thought Tom was suspicious.
Mary said she thought Tom was mad at her.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested.
Mary said she thought Tom was having fun.
Mary said she thought Tom was happy here.
Mary said she thought Tom was downstairs.
Mary said she thought Tom looked nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom looked annoyed.
Mary said she saw no point in doing that.
Mary said she read three books last week.
Mary said she plans to stay until Monday.
Mary said she plans to do that on Monday.
Mary said she plans on staying in Boston.
Mary said she plans on doing that Monday.
Mary said she now regrets not doing that.
Mary said she needs to borrow some money.
Mary said she needed to use the bathroom.
Mary said she needed to help Tom do that.
Mary said she likes hanging out with Tom.
Mary said she knew what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she knew what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she knew one of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she isn't the least bit hungry.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she isn't permitted to do that.
Mary said she hopes to be back on Monday.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries doing that.
Mary said she hopes Tom likes to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom likes doing that.
Mary said she hoped to be back on Monday.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to win.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she heard Tom and John arguing.
Mary said she hasn't yet seen that video.
Mary said she hasn't seen that video yet.
Mary said she hasn't done anything wrong.
Mary said she hadn't intended to do that.
Mary said she had a lot of fun in Boston.
Mary said she had a hard time doing that.
Mary said she felt she needed to do that.
Mary said she felt like she was dreaming.
Mary said she enjoyed last night's party.
Mary said she doubted that Tom would win.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary said she doesn't go camping anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to talk to Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with us.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with me.
Mary said she didn't want to get married.
Mary said she didn't want to do that now.
Mary said she didn't want to do anything.
Mary said she didn't want that to happen.
Mary said she didn't want me to help her.
Mary said she didn't want me to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't understand anything.
Mary said she didn't think she could win.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would win.
Mary said she didn't remember doing that.
Mary said she didn't need any more money.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom went.
Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to go anywhere.
Mary said she didn't have much time left.
Mary said she didn't have much more time.
Mary said she didn't have much free time.
Mary said she didn't have anything to do.
Mary said she didn't have any money left.
Mary said she didn't have any experience.
Mary said she didn't have any bad habits.
Mary said she didn't have a lot of money.
Mary said she didn't get paid to do that.
Mary said she did that at home yesterday.
Mary said she couldn't resist doing that.
Mary said she couldn't remember anything.
Mary said she couldn't recall doing that.
Mary said she believed she could do that.
Mary said it was Tom who stole her lunch.
Mary said her father told her to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows can do that.
Mary said I shouldn't bother her so much.
Mary said I should've helped her do that.
Mary refused to do what I told her to do.
Mary refused to admit that she was wrong.
Mary realized she didn't need to do that.
Mary realized she didn't have to do that.
Mary put her suitcase down next to Tom's.
Mary pushed the door open with her elbow.
Mary promised to help me, but she didn't.
Mary promised to do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised she wouldn't smoke anymore.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that today.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised me that she'd come at 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she'd do what he asked.
Mary promised Tom she'd be there on time.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't tell John.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't leave him.
Mary probably didn't do the work herself.
Mary pretended that she had a broken leg.
Mary pretended she couldn't speak French.
Mary poured herself a tall glass of milk.
Mary plans to do that as soon as she can.
Mary plans on staying at home by herself.
Mary placed most of the blame on herself.
Mary only speaks French when she's drunk.
Mary often did that when she was younger.
Mary obviously needs someone to help her.
Mary noticed that Tom was staring at her.
Mary noticed that Tom was looking at her.
Mary never told me that she had children.
Mary never told me she was afraid of Tom.
Mary never thought Tom would talk to her.
Mary never said that she wanted to leave.
Mary never said she wanted to go with us.
Mary never did that when she was younger.
Mary needs us to show her how to do that.
Mary needs to learn to think for herself.
Mary needs someone to teach her to drive.
Mary must've thought Tom didn't like her.
Mary moved her desk closer to the window.
Mary might get punished if she does that.
Mary might get arrested if she does that.
Mary might be able to do that by herself.
Mary met Tom when she was in high school.
Mary met Tom on her way home from school.
Mary may use my computer if she needs to.
Mary may keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary may have done what you said she did.
Mary managed to carry everything herself.
Mary made it quite clear what she wanted.
Mary made it quite clear what she needed.
Mary made a very big mistake, didn't she?
Mary made a list of things she had to do.
Mary looks much older than she really is.
Mary looks like she's tempted to do that.
Mary looks like she's having a good time.
Mary looks like she's enjoying the party.
Mary looks like she's about ready to cry.
Mary looked well the last time I saw her.
Mary looked very tired when she got home.
Mary lives in a big house all by herself.
Mary likely did that while she was drunk.
Mary left a message saying she'd be late.
Mary knows that she should do that today.
Mary knows that she has to do that today.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that.
Mary knows she sometimes drinks too much.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary knows she isn't supposed to do that.
Mary knows she doesn't have long to live.
Mary knows she could've done that better.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do.
Mary knew there was no way she could win.
Mary knew that someone was following her.
Mary knew that she was going to be fired.
Mary knew she'd just made a huge mistake.
Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have much time left.
Mary knew immediately what she should do.
Mary knew exactly where she needed to go.
Mary knew Tom was going to be mad at her.
Mary isn't sure what Tom wants her to do.
Mary isn't sure she should do that again.
Mary isn't sure she has to do that again.
Mary isn't still in the hospital, is she?
Mary isn't really a math teacher, is she?
Mary isn't quite sure what she should do.
Mary isn't old enough to live by herself.
Mary isn't old enough to do that, is she?
Mary isn't as young as she looks, is she?
Mary isn't as young as Tom thinks she is.
Mary isn't as tolerant as she used to be.
Mary isn't as stubborn as she used to be.
Mary isn't as strong as you think she is.
Mary isn't as smart as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as rich as we thought she was.
Mary isn't as reliable as she used to be.
Mary isn't as gullible as she used to be.
Mary isn't as generous as she used to be.
Mary isn't as friendly as she used to be.
Mary isn't as creative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as careless as she used to be.
Mary isn't as annoying as she used to be.
Mary isn't always late, but she often is.
Mary is worried that she might get fired.
Mary is willing to go with us, isn't she?
Mary is very self-disciplined, isn't she?
Mary is very careful about what she eats.
Mary is usually in her office on Mondays.
Mary is too young to go there by herself.
Mary is talking louder than she needs to.
Mary is still wearing her police uniform.
Mary is still studying French, isn't she?
Mary is still in the hospital, isn't she?
Mary is still in kindergarten, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she can't help us today.
Mary is really good at French, isn't she?
Mary is old enough to look after herself.
Mary is old enough to do that on her own.
Mary is old enough to do that by herself.
Mary is old enough to decide for herself.
Mary is not as healthy as she used to be.
Mary is much thinner than she used to be.
Mary is much older than you think she is.
Mary is much happier than she used to be.
Mary is lucky they still let her do that.
Mary is lucky that she can still do that.
Mary is living in Boston with her father.
Mary is just being diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to do that herself.
Mary is going to be surprised, isn't she?
Mary is going to be all right, isn't she?
Mary is giving us a ride home, isn't she?
Mary is expecting Tom to be at her party.
Mary is doing everything she can to help.
Mary is big enough to do that by herself.
Mary is being very unfriendly, isn't she?
Mary is being quite obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is an interesting person, isn't she?
Mary is allowed to do whatever she wants.
Mary is afraid people might laugh at her.
Mary is absent because she's sick in bed.
Mary is a very good guitarist, isn't she?
Mary is a really good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a really good student, isn't she?
Mary is a lot older than she says she is.
Mary invited Tom to a party at her house.
Mary insisted that all of us go with her.
Mary injured herself while playing rugby.
Mary informed Tom why she had to do that.
Mary hopes that Tom will do that for her.
Mary helps anyone that asks her for help.
Mary helps anybody who asks her for help.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she did that.
Mary hasn't told us what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't told me why she did that yet.
Mary hasn't done what we asked her to do.
Mary hasn't done what she was told to do.
Mary has told me she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary has told me she won't do that again.
Mary has told me she has to go to Boston.
Mary has told Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary has to wear glasses when she drives.
Mary has something she wants to tell you.
Mary has said she won't help Tom anymore.
Mary has promised she'll be here by 2:30.
Mary has never told me where she met Tom.
Mary has lots of things she wants to buy.
Mary has lots of things she needs to buy.
Mary has let her kids do that many times.
Mary has finished doing that, hasn't she?
Mary has done what we expected her to do.
Mary has curly hair just like her father.
Mary has been told to do that by herself.
Mary has been told she shouldn't do that.
Mary has been really unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been pretty unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been in her bedroom all morning.
Mary has been here since she was a child.
Mary has been doing that her entire life.
Mary has asked me to lend her some money.
Mary has already done what she had to do.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to do.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to do.
Mary has a lot of hard work ahead of her.
Mary had nothing to do, so she went home.
Mary had no idea that she was being rude.
Mary got almost everything she asked for.
Mary got Tom to help her paint the fence.
Mary gets to do anything she wants to do.
Mary gets along well with her stepfather.
Mary forgot to tell me where to meet her.
Mary felt like everyone was ignoring her.
Mary doesn't yet know what she should do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't work as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't work as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't watch TV with you, does she?
Mary doesn't want you to do that for her.
Mary doesn't want to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do what she did.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to win.
Mary doesn't think she'd want to do that.
Mary doesn't think I can do it, does she?
Mary doesn't swim as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't study as hard as she should.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she wants.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't often let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't need to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom treats her.
Mary doesn't know who did that, does she?
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't know what she should do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary doesn't know how she should do that.
Mary doesn't know how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't have to leave now, does she?
Mary doesn't have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't have any children, does she?
Mary doesn't feel that she can trust Tom.
Mary doesn't do that the way she used to.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance.
Mary does look really happy, doesn't she?
Mary does everything Tom tells her to do.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't want people to see her naked.
Mary didn't tell you to do that, did she?
Mary didn't tell anyone why she was late.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she had to buy.
Mary didn't realize she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't need to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry.
Mary didn't look like she was having fun.
Mary didn't like dogs when she was a kid.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that.
Mary didn't know Tom was waiting for her.
Mary didn't have to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't give me what I asked her for.
Mary didn't even invite Tom to her party.
Mary did whatever she felt she had to do.
Mary did that because she was ordered to.
Mary did something she wished she hadn't.
Mary did many of the experiments herself.
Mary did exactly what Tom told her to do.
Mary did everything Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did everything Tom needed her to do.
Mary depended on Tom to take care of her.
Mary denies that she did that on purpose.
Mary denied that she told Tom to do that.
Mary denied she was the one who did that.
Mary cursed herself for her carelessness.
Mary couldn't say what she wanted to say.
Mary couldn't keep the secret to herself.
Mary couldn't keep herself from laughing.
Mary couldn't imagine herself doing that.
Mary couldn't get Tom to leave her alone.
Mary couldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary could've complained, but she didn't.
Mary could get arrested if she does that.
Mary continues to deny that she did that.
Mary continued to do that until she died.
Mary continued doing that until she died.
Mary continued doing that her whole life.
Mary claims she can take care of herself.
Mary claimed she didn't agree to do that.
Mary chose the largest apple for herself.
Mary carries a gun with her at all times.
