Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he has to do that before Monday.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John that he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could do that without our help.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can stop Alice from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember their parents ever spanking them.
Tom and Mary say they don't know whether they'll have time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to go sailing with them.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that, but they weren't able to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd known they had to.
Tom and Mary said they were unable to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that, but they weren't allowed to.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to cheer John up.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what had caused the accident.
Tom and Mary said they thought there was a chance that John would win.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would probably be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they regretted that they couldn't help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they might sing with John and his band next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't understand why you don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needs to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever go fishing with John again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't responsible for what had happened.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John had been told not to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be possible.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason why they want to do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that was easier than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary really hoped that John would go to the concert with them.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't speak French as well as you think they do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't hear John calling their names.
Tom and Mary postponed their party until John got out of the hospital.
Tom and Mary needed to go back to their houses to get their passports.
Tom and Mary might be able to convince John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary made a list of things they wanted to do before they died.
Tom and Mary know they won't be able to do what John wants them to do.
Tom and Mary knew they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that people were going to say bad things about them.
Tom and Mary knew John wouldn't be able to do that without their help.
Tom and Mary hope that John will like the present they bought for him.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary have to get out of here while they've still got a chance.
Tom and Mary have said they intend to pay back all the money they owe.
Tom and Mary have lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have asked us to help them get ready for tonight's party.
Tom and Mary have already accomplished what they wanted to accomplish.
Tom and Mary had intended to do that today, but they didn't have time.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't live far from us, but we don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they felt they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary didn't know they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary did what they could in the short amount of time they had.
Tom and Mary did their best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who asked John to do that.
Tom and Mary can pick you up at the train station if you want them to.
Tom and Mary came back from Boston a week earlier than they'd planned.
Tom and Mary became friends with John when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they ought to.
Tom and Mary are the ones who said they were too busy to help, not me.
Tom and Mary are still doing the same thing they were doing yesterday.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary are probably going to sing that new song they just wrote.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are never going to understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary are going to tell John even though I advised them not to.
Tom and Mary are going to need more money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have their house painted next month.
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed if they're not carful.
Tom and Mary are going to John's birthday party tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are going to Boston next week with some of their friends.
Tom and Mary announced that they'd be retiring at the end of the year.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary might try to kill themselves again.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue baseball caps.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should eat a lot of vegetables.
Ninety percent of the time Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are pretending they don't understand French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really as rich as they say they are.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary will really be able to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I hadn't yet done what they'd asked me to do.
I thought Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed.
I think Tom and Mary would go to Boston with you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that, even though they say they don't.
I think Tom and Mary said they'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I suppose I should offer to pay Tom and Mary for what they did for us.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that I don't want them to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got out of the hospital.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't need to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't have to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
I didn't know what to do when Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help me.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that on their own.
How much did Tom and Mary pay you to help them clean out their garage?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were kids?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you why they decided to drop out of school?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
According to Tom and Mary, John isn't going to go to Boston with them.
You really should've told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to come.
You knew Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that, did you?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they graduate from college?
Were you there when Tom and Mary told John they were going to Boston?
Were Tom and Mary really surprised or was they just pretending to be?
We have to do something to stop Tom and Mary from hurting themselves.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary would've let you drive if you'd told them you wanted to.
Tom and Mary would be healthier if they didn't eat so much junk food.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary won't likely get cold since they're dressed very warmly.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as native speakers.
Tom and Mary wiped their faces with the towels that John handed them.
Tom and Mary will tell John everything they know about the situation.
Tom and Mary will be very late if they do that before they come here.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their uniforms the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary weren't really paying attention to what they were doing.
Tom and Mary weren't as tall as me last year, but now they're taller.
Tom and Mary were wearing baseball caps when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were surprised that John caught more fish than they did.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were lucky that they didn't get hurt more than they did.
Tom and Mary were able to accomplish everything they'd set out to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to walk home, but their mother wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted to explain everything to John, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary wanted to apologize to John, but they couldn't find him.
Tom and Mary waited for three hours, but nobody came to pick them up.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary told us that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they wouldn't be at school today.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that unless I did it with them.
Tom and Mary told me they were very surprised to see John doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary told me last week that they were going to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to teach him how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him clean up after the party.
Tom and Mary told John that they would have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he was a pretty good dancer.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wouldn't be back soon.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have anything pressing to do.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought it was John who had broken into their apartment.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John about the jobs they've been offered.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them why we should do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them why we had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom and Mary say they think they'll be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said to tell you they're sorry they can't be here today.
Tom and Mary said they'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary said they'd appreciate it if you could do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom and Mary said they wished John hadn't convinced Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they were talking to John when the lights went out.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to give John another chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get that done today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that sometime today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that before he left.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they think their parents are going to get divorced.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they only eat vegetables that they grow themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they got home before it started raining.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John got home before it started raining.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that until October.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to tell John what had happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really had to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park their cars.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John learned how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much money on them right now.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember where they'd parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't leave without saying goodbye to John.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the last ones to leave the party.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said it would probably take them a long time to do that.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't tell Alice what he had done.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd be more careful in the future.
Tom and Mary probably just didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary probably just didn't know they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John doesn't like their friends.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know about what had happened.
Tom and Mary pretended not to know that what they had done was wrong.
Tom and Mary poured cold water over themselves to wake themselves up.
Tom and Mary parked their car in the vacant lot next to John's house.
Tom and Mary parked their car in the driveway just behind John's car.
Tom and Mary needed to go back to their house to get their passports.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten to do what they promised us they'd do.
Tom and Mary knew they were probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that they were supposed to be doing something else.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to have a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary invited me to go with them, but I said I didn't want to.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to get back to Boston next October.
Tom and Mary have to finish what they're doing before they can leave.
Tom and Mary have gotten a lot taller since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have done nothing but complain ever since they got here.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for the past three years.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for the last three years.
Tom and Mary have a French test tomorrow that they have to study for.
Tom and Mary had enough sense to not go out by themselves after dark.
Tom and Mary get upset when John doesn't do what they tell him to do.
Tom and Mary drove past John's house on their way to the supermarket.
Tom and Mary don't want to admit that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't live far from me, but I don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wants them to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't know if they can do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't want to help us today, but they helped us anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they didn't have any choice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John wasn't here.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be allowed to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John was supposed to help them do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't even seem to realize they'd hurt John's feelings.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't unlock the door because they had the wrong key.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember whether or not they'd locked the door.
Tom and Mary certainly didn't have my permission to do what they did.
Tom and Mary can't speak French, and they can't speak English either.
Tom and Mary can't do that by themselves. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can't carry all those suitcases so you should help them.
Tom and Mary can take their time. Tell them there's no need to hurry.
Tom and Mary called to say that they couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom and Mary bought a new car with the money they won in the lottery.
Tom and Mary asked me to teach them how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom and Mary aren't worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure whether they made the right decision or not.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be eating in the classroom, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely like to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they need to.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they have to.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at speaking French as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get hurt if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary are probably going to finish what they're doing by 2:30.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are good tennis players, but they don't play very often.
Tom and Mary are good at French, but they're a lot better at English.
Tom and Mary are going to talk to John about that when they get here.
Tom and Mary are going to leave a day earlier than they'd planned to.
Tom and Mary are going to help you as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that even if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary are going to have a party at their place Monday evening.
Tom and Mary are going to feel better once they get something to eat.
Tom and Mary apologized for not doing what they'd promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know where John worked.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because John asked them to.
Should I tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us?
Please tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that until John gets here.
Many people think Tom and Mary are snobs, but I don't think they are.
It's not likely that Tom and Mary will ever admit that they're wrong.
If Tom and Mary had tried harder, they would've been able to do that.
If Tom and Mary aren't here by 2:30, they probably won't come at all.
I'm going over to Tom and Mary's to help them clean out their garage.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I wish Tom and Mary had told me that they weren't going to the party.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they needed to do that.
I was afraid Tom and Mary might not do what they were supposed to do.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom and Mary insisted that I go with them.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they said they didn't want my help.
I told Tom and Mary it wasn't possible for them to get into our club.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without their help.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't as cooperative as they should've been.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to play the ukulele.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that for John if they'd wanted to.
I should've known Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we wanted them to do.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary why I don't want them to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary I want them to help John do that.
I know Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I just told Tom and Mary that I wanted them to help clean the garage.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up and they slept for another three hours.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom and Mary what they had to do.
I didn't recognize Tom and Mary when I passed them on the road today.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into helping them with their homework?
Have you told Tom and Mary why they shouldn't be doing that that way?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that again if they had the chance?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it was necessary for us to do that?
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that you want them to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they had to do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to do that by themselves?
What would Tom and Mary do if I wasn't here to tell them what to do?
We're still waiting for Tom and Mary to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be helping us today if John hadn't asked them.
Tom and Mary would've never done that if John had asked them not to.
Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary won't do that right away, but they'll do it eventually.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do everything you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't very good at doing that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary weren't upset when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary weren't the first ones who said they'd like to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't the first ones who said they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were supposed to call John last night, but they forgot.
Tom and Mary were sitting by themselves on the porch, reading books.
Tom and Mary were shorter than me last year, but now they're taller.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they'd already eaten.
Tom and Mary were disappointed that John didn't come to their party.
Tom and Mary went into the kitchen to help their mother make dinner.
Tom and Mary watched John drive away and then got in their own cars.
Tom and Mary want to go to the concert, but they don't have tickets.
Tom and Mary tried to talk John into helping them do their homework.
Tom and Mary tried to do that again, but they still weren't able to.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they're faster at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary told me that they're better at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll do that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary told me that they were quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted me to buy a painting for them.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be home on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd stay where they were and wait for him.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to teach them how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd never really intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to help him today.
Tom and Mary told John that they were glad that he'd come to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he should lose some weight.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in her office.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice could likely do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was retired yet.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was in her room.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told John everything they knew about what had happened.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they probably shouldn't go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary taught their children how to sing several French songs.
Tom and Mary still don't know where they're going to go next summer.
Tom and Mary speak French so badly that they're often misunderstood.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they don't want to do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be so expensive to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they should do that.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice broke up.
Tom and Mary say they have something they want to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they have something they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they have something they have to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John needed to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe they finally managed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll go home as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd walk the dog this morning, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't permitted John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been late to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they wished John hadn't convinced them to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be upset if they did that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the best player on the team.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was amused by what was going on.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that for Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that for Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John had already finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed the rest of the money that I owe them.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John will help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary said they have something they had to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they had to do some things they didn't want to do.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park their car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to do that until last summer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning on getting there early.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that that was going to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they want me to help them tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary said that they thought it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John would be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they know they can't do that as well as John.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think you can do that by yourself.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think John can do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be enough.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really a Canadian.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that the door was open already when they got here.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said John would help them, but I didn't think he would.
Tom and Mary said John probably couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary returned the books that they borrowed from the library.
Tom and Mary probably thinks that what they're doing is a good idea.
Tom and Mary only had a few visitors when they were in the hospital.
Tom and Mary never would've done that if John had asked them not to.
Tom and Mary never told John where they hid the money they'd stolen.
Tom and Mary made it very clear that they didn't want to go with us.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary learned from their parents that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know there's no way they can do that without some help.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary knew it was foolish to go out by themselves after dark.
Tom and Mary just told me that I didn't have to help them on Monday.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to the people behind the counter.
Tom and Mary hoped they'd have time to eat before they had to leave.
Tom and Mary hoped the rain would stop before they had to walk home.
Tom and Mary hoped John would be well enough to come to their party.
Tom and Mary have until Monday to finish the report they're writing.
Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have no close friends to help them with their problems.
Tom and Mary have finally done what they said they were going to do.
Tom and Mary had a hard time making themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary don't think they'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wants them to meet him in the park.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they'll have time to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have the ability to finish the job by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't want to look, but they couldn't help themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't want to help and John couldn't persuade them to.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me that they didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they'd seen John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told them about that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether John wanted them to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know what to do with all the money they'd found.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary didn't get up this morning as early as they usually do.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought John would want them to do.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to keep John from doing that.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't go because they were unable to get permission.
Tom and Mary couldn't accomplish everything they'd hoped they could.
Tom and Mary could only think of one thing they really wanted to do.
Tom and Mary can swim a lot better than I thought they'd be able to.
Tom and Mary can no longer do the things they used to be able to do.
Tom and Mary ate the chocolate chip cookies that John made for them.
Tom and Mary asked me to stay with them until their father got home.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them some useful phrases in French.
Tom and Mary asked John to remind them to call Alice in the morning.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they should.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that alone. You'll have to help them.
Tom and Mary are very proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are still thinking about whether they should go or not.
Tom and Mary are still the best students in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are so gullible they'll believe anything you tell them.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can go to Boston with John next summer.
Tom and Mary are going to have to paint their barns again next year.
Tom and Mary apologized for not doing what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know where John lived.
Tom and Mary accused John of stealing their money, but he denied it.
The only jobs Tom and Mary have ever had are the ones they have now.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in the closet.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should try to get more sleep.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who have said they're coming.
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't be at school today.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom and Mary that I don't like them anymore.
My suggestion for now is that we let Tom and Mary do what they want.
It's too bad that Tom and Mary didn't ask John to help them do that.
It's clear that Tom and Mary don't know what they're supposed to do.
It certainly doesn't look like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
If Tom and Mary were planning not to be here, they would've told me.
If Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do, there'll be no problem.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they pretend to be.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You don't know where they are, do you?
I wonder who'll tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't be doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they weren't very happy here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to play tennis with them.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never showed up.
I told Tom and Mary I wasn't interested in helping them do anything.
I thought Tom and Mary would be able to do what we asked them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary could handle the job if I gave them a chance.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as young as you think they are.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they weren't supposed to do that.
I should've known Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I lent Tom and Mary some money, so they could pay this month's rent.
I know Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but I think they had to.
I just told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to help me on Monday.
I hope Tom and Mary know they have to do what John tells them to do.
I gave Tom and Mary my phone number so they'd be able to contact me.
I doubt that Tom and Mary would help, but you should still ask them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're gotten themselves into.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy for him.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them an email last night.
I don't know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that for me.
Even though Tom and Mary are old, they can still do that quite well.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they needed to do that, they didn't.
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to show them how to do that?
Did you remember to tell Tom and Mary what I asked you to tell them?
Are you suggesting that Tom and Mary can't do the job by themselves?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they need to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they have to do or should I?
You'd do that for Tom and Mary if they wanted you to, wouldn't you?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they have nothing to worry about.
You didn't think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves, did you?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Will you please tell Tom and Mary they have nothing to worry about?
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they started laughing.
What do you think Tom and Mary would say if they knew we were here?
We have to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary's letter didn't say when they'd be arriving in Boston.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we made them do that, would they?
Tom and Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that even if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary would've never done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would be very disappointed if they saw you doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered what was in the box that John had given them.
Tom and Mary wondered if they could find a place to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary wondered if John liked them as much as they liked him.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary wished there was something else they could do to help.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that faster by themselves.
Tom and Mary will likely spend the rest of their lives behind bars.
Tom and Mary will be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to be at school today, but they were.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help us today, because they were busy.
Tom and Mary were worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary were unable to get John to understand what they meant.
Tom and Mary were supposed to be at school today, but they weren't.
Tom and Mary were smart enough not to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were sick, so they couldn't come to my birthday party.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary were heading out of town when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were fired because they often showed up late for work.
Tom and Mary were angry because I didn't help them paint the fence.
Tom and Mary were able to do that better than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary want to know if they can keep that book you sent them.
Tom and Mary want to finish what they're doing before they go home.
Tom and Mary walked into the kitchen to get themselves some coffee.
Tom and Mary used the money John gave them to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary told us they'd be waiting in front of the post office.
Tom and Mary told themselves that they had made the right decision.
Tom and Mary told me they've been living in Boston for three years.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to college in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was through doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been irresponsible.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been disrespectful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could probably do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd lied to him and that they were sorry.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted him to stay in Boston with them.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in the basement.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was attractive.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom and Mary thought that they should go to Boston to be with John.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary spoke to the person sitting next to them on the train.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time playing games when they were kids.
Tom and Mary spent a few years in Boston when they were in college.
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that with their eyes closed.
Tom and Mary should tell John they'd never do anything to hurt him.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to be unaware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them where John had gone.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say you were the one who talked them into coming here.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that, but I wonder if they really will.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk to us about something important.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who he needs to give that to.
Tom and Mary say they have something they need to discuss with you.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John that he had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have very much money on them right now.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they haven't yet had time to read the report.
Tom and Mary say that they have to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they're very hungry every day when they get home.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably go shopping with John on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Tom and Mary said they'd talk to John about what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they were very concerned about what might happen.
Tom and Mary said they were going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John may not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John doesn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew the cause of the accident.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would unlikely want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room reading a book.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be required to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to tell John about what happened.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think you should ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had any chance of winning.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember where they'd parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was getting married to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John wanted to do that with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to buy motorcycles.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but in reality they couldn't.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were responsible for what had happened.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they thought they smelled something burning.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was just about to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they hated the last song we sang last night.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John liked them very much.
Tom and Mary said that the box was too heavy to lift by themselves.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary refused to do anything their parents asked them to do.
Tom and Mary realized they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't the same as the other kids.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't as smart as the other kids.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John and John don't like them.
Tom and Mary probably doesn't know that John thinks they're stupid.
Tom and Mary pretended to be angry even though they really weren't.
Tom and Mary pretended not to notice that John was looking at them.
Tom and Mary never would've done what you've accused them of doing.
Tom and Mary never would've done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary need to talk to someone who's able to understand them.
Tom and Mary need to make sure that they're ready to leave by 2:30.
Tom and Mary need to make sure that they have everything they need.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy everything they want.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary look like teenagers, but they're actually over thirty.
Tom and Mary like Boston better than any other place they're lived.
Tom and Mary left three hours ago so they should've arrived by now.
Tom and Mary left their apartments earlier this morning than usual.
Tom and Mary knew there were plenty of people who agreed with them.
Tom and Mary injured themselves when they jumped out of the window.
Tom and Mary hope John can come over to their house this afternoon.
Tom and Mary haven't lived in Boston as long as they say they have.
Tom and Mary have willingly done everything we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have no choice but to do what they've been told to do.
Tom and Mary have been training since they were thirteen years old.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary have already finished the work that they needed to do.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what the boss told them to do.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary had changed so much that I didn't even recognize them.
Tom and Mary had better hurry if they want to get home before dark.
Tom and Mary got to the station too late, so they missed the train.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be angry even if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't remember people's names as well as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they should take on the job or not.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they should go to the party or not.
Tom and Mary don't know if they'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom and Mary don't know how to say what they want to say in French.
Tom and Mary don't have a phone, so it's difficult to contact them.
Tom and Mary didn't understand exactly what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't think they'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell you about what happened to John, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't let on that they knew about the surprise party.
Tom and Mary didn't know where John wanted them to plant the roses.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they should take with them.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough space to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary didn't believe me when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who told them to do that.
Tom and Mary decided to go back to doing that the way they used to.
Tom and Mary couldn't possibly have opened that door by themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't decide exactly when they should go to Boston.
Tom and Mary could've been in Boston by now if they'd wanted to be.
Tom and Mary continue to deny that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary can't help move the piano because they have bad backs.
Tom and Mary can't come to work today because they don't feel well.
Tom and Mary called John and asked him to come over to their house.
Tom and Mary burned all the pictures they had of them ex-boyfriend.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them decorate their Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary aren't as interested in doing that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are very likely going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are trying to persuade John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out how they can make John happy.
Tom and Mary are still mad at us for not doing what they requested.
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can still take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary are likely going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen making themselves something to eat.
Tom and Mary are going to have to paint their barn again next year.
Tom and Mary are going to be in prison for the rest of their lives.
Tom and Mary are going to be cold if they don't wear heavier coats.
Tom and Mary are better at speaking French than you think they are.
Tom and Mary almost always use a credit card when they go shopping.
Tom and Mary admitted to John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John said they had to do.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were headed toward the beach.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm not interested in going there with them.
Since Tom and Mary aren't feeling well, they won't do that with us.
If you ask Tom and Mary to lend you some money, they probably will.
If Tom and Mary didn't think we needed help, they wouldn't be here.
If Tom and Mary could've spoken French, they would've had more fun.
If I see Tom and Mary, I'll tell them that you're looking for them.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to study French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that.
I'm going over to Tom and Mary's house now to tell them about that.
I'm glad you got a chance to talk to Tom and Mary before they left.
I'll try to find out why Tom and Mary did that the way they did it.
I wish Tom and Mary would hurry up and do what they said they'd do.
I wish Tom and Mary would eat what I give them without complaining.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I told Tom and Mary some things about Boston that they didn't know.
I thought Tom and Mary might be permitted to do that by themselves.
I think it's unlikely Tom and Mary will invite John to their party.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as rich as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were in high school.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they weren't supposed to do that.
I should've listened to Tom and Mary when they warned me about you.
I just told Tom and Mary that they don't have to help me on Monday.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary won't do what they've promised to do.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what John told me not to tell them.
I don't think that we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't want to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't need to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't have to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting John to do that for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really needed to do that by themselves.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary wouldn't do what I asked them to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
I can't wait for Tom and Mary to come home so I can show them this.
I asked Tom and Mary why they didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
Do you think Tom and Mary would've done that if we'd asked them to?
Did Tom and Mary ever talk to you about what they did in Australia?
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to eat lunch with us or not.
All Tom and Mary wanted was to spend some time with their families.
You told Tom and Mary I thought they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You think Tom and Mary could've done that on their own, don't you?
You should tell Tom and Mary that John has been asking about them.
You knew Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would kill themselves, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would hurt themselves, do you?
You don't have to like Tom and Mary. You just have work with them.
Would Tom and Mary care if we started eating before they got here?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what the problem is?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they didn't have to do that?
Why didn't Tom and Mary tell us that they didn't know how to swim?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to drive them to the airport?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't they?
Tom and Mary wondered why none of their friends wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary wondered if John would like the gift they bought him.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary won't ever admit that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do everything John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do anything you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wished that they had been the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that faster on their own.
Tom and Mary will likely be very grateful if you do that for them.
Tom and Mary weren't certain whether or not they should tell John.
Tom and Mary weren't at home when I went to visit them last night.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary were walking their dogs when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John when they opened the door.
Tom and Mary were supposed to call me last night, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary were so angry at John they couldn't even look at him.
Tom and Mary were sitting at their desks the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they wouldn't get to school on time.
Tom and Mary wanted to kiss John goodbye, but knew they shouldn't.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to college, but they couldn't afford to.
Tom and Mary wanted to finish eating before they talked to anyone.
Tom and Mary wanted John to stay where he was until they got back.
Tom and Mary want us to know that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary usually go to school by bus, but sometimes they walk.
Tom and Mary told the waiter that they'd rather sit by the window.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to wait until October to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought you could probably do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they intended to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't like to study in the morning.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom and Mary told me last month that they were planning to retire.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be back soon.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't yet retired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't retired yet.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in her room.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was depressed.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed up all night reading the books John gave them.
Tom and Mary started laughing when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary shouted as loud as they could, but nobody heard them.
Tom and Mary should've been glad that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary should tell John about the jobs they've been offered.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to understand why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary say they won't go out at night by themselves anymore.
Tom and Mary say they understand why John doesn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they thought they could do that without any help.
Tom and Mary say they think John ate dinner with Alice last night.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary say they know John will want to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom and Mary said we could go to Boston with them if we wanted to.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably go shopping with John on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom and Mary said they'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't dream of allowing John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't allowed John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get here until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get here until about 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to answer any more questions.
Tom and Mary said they were too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were looking forward to coming to visit us.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they understood why John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they heard voices in the next room.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they see John waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom and Mary said they plan to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John was having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had some personal problems to take care of.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needed to do that outside.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John went to kindergarten.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John with his homework.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without John's help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand what John said in French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they were very good at French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would like their friends.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that on purpose.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they were supposed to go.
Tom and Mary said they didn't ever win when they played badminton.
Tom and Mary said the beach was nicer than they expected it to be.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't angry, but that they were sad.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they were really the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to help them wash their car.
Tom and Mary said that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be easy.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason they want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that John wanted to borrow some money from them.
Tom and Mary said it was them who should show John how to do that.
Tom and Mary said John wasn't at home when they went to visit him.
Tom and Mary said I looked thinner than the last time they saw me.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they've got to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know who they should ask to help them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how to explain how they did that.
Tom and Mary often sleep on the train on their way home from work.
Tom and Mary often refuse to eat what their mother makes for them.
Tom and Mary often ask questions they already know the answers to.
Tom and Mary offered me a beer, but I told them I didn't want one.
Tom and Mary need to study harder if they want to pass this class.
Tom and Mary might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see them.
Tom and Mary might be able to do better if we gave them more time.
Tom and Mary may not want to sing, but you should ask them anyway.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they like with the money I gave them.
Tom and Mary made me promise not to tell John their phones number.
Tom and Mary looked both ways before they crossed the busy street.
Tom and Mary live all by themselves in a small cabin in the woods.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they weren't married.
Tom and Mary left their apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Tom and Mary knew they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew John was going to be mad at them for doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't changed a bit since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have some very important things that they have to do.
Tom and Mary have no friends who are willing to help them do that.
Tom and Mary have invited me to come and stay with them in Boston.
Tom and Mary have finally finished doing what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they really want.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they really need.
Tom and Mary have been talking to John about what they plan to do.
Tom and Mary gave John one of the books that Alice had given them.
Tom and Mary finally talked John into selling them his old violin.
Tom and Mary drank three bottles of wine by themselves last night.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be surprised if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't know why their boss wants them to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know why their boss wants them to go do Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Tom and Mary don't know if John will go with them tomorrow or not.
Tom and Mary don't have phones, so it's difficult to contact them.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money yet to buy the car they want.
Tom and Mary don't come here every day, but they come quite often.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they'd dropped out of school.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary didn't know what time they were supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary didn't know that I was supposed to help them do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they had to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't buy any food.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the report that John handed them.
Tom and Mary didn't care who helped them, as long as somebody did.
Tom and Mary did say that, but I don't think they really meant it.
Tom and Mary couldn't help noticing that John was staring at them.
Tom and Mary couldn't find jobs in Boston, so they came back home.
Tom and Mary couldn't eat anything, but they drank a little water.
Tom and Mary could've been suspicious, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could've been frightened, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could refuse to do that, but I don't think they will.
Tom and Mary could possibly be lonely, but I don't think they are.
Tom and Mary could force you to do that, but I doubt if they will.
Tom and Mary complained that they didn't have enough time to read.
Tom and Mary can't remember exactly what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary can't do that by himself. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can read some French, but they can't speak it at all.
Tom and Mary called me almost every day while they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary bought everything they needed in just thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary asked their father to give them some money for lunch.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them put new frets on their guitars.
Tom and Mary asked if they really needed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John where he lived, but he wouldn't tell them.
Tom and Mary are worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary are the only ones who seem to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy just about anything they want.
Tom and Mary are ready to do exactly what you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary apparently lived in Boston when they were in college.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't the ones who actually did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't actually the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we had asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been doing that for a long time.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they couldn't really understand French.
Tom and Mary admitted that that was the real reason they did that.
Tom and Mary admit they've despised John since they first met him.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing hospital gowns.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in a closet.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they needed to lose some weight.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do everything John asks them to do.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who've said they're coming.
Please try to find out why Tom and Mary did that the way they did.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to close all the windows.
Mary and Alice are wearing blouses that're way too large for them.
Let's tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us.
It's hard to believe Tom and Mary would do what you said they did.
If Tom and Mary ate more vegetables, they'd probably be healthier.
I've been trying to figure out how Tom and Mary did what they did.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary believed everything I told them.
I'm fairly sure Tom and Mary didn't know John was older than them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary pretended they didn't understand French.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did that when they were in Boston.
I wish I hadn't told Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary that they couldn't be here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they had to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary how long they had lived in Australia.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never showed up.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they did it with me.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they need to work harder.
I think it's about time we told Tom and Mary that they're adopted.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as old as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary might've taken something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary know they're supposed to give speeches today.
I think Tom and Mary are probably younger than you think they are.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't do their homework by themselves.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to be more careful.
I hope Tom and Mary tell John that they can't really speak French.
I feel sorry for Tom and Mary because they always have to do that.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
I don't want Tom and Mary wandering around the mall by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting you to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should be doing.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them emails last night.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary wanted me to do that with them.
I didn't notice Tom and Mary sitting by themselves at the counter.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary what had happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary some questions and they answered all of them.
Have you told Tom and Mary where you want them to park their cars?
Even though Tom and Mary studied very hard, they failed the class.
Do you want to see pictures of Tom and Mary when they were babies?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary still have that red sports car they used to drive?
Did you know that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that?
Can Tom and Mary really speak French as well as they say they can?
Ask Tom and Mary if they plan to be at the meeting this afternoon.
As soon as Tom and Mary have finished doing that, they'll go home.
All Tom and Mary told me was that they wouldn't be at the meeting.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary couldn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me that they'd never been to Boston.
Would you tell Tom and Mary what they did that made you so angry?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them that you miss them?
Why did Tom and Mary agree to do that if they knew they couldn't?
Why are Tom and Mary singing that song we asked them not to sing?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to meet them at the airport?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to help them?
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't know that they were rich.
Were you with Tom and Mary when they slipped and fell on the ice?
We never would've allowed Tom and Mary to go there by themselves.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were blue before they painted them red.
Tom and Mary wrote to John to tell him what had happened to them.
Tom and Mary wrote a lot of letters to John while they were away.
Tom and Mary wrapped the present they were going to give to John.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have gone to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if John hadn't told them to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be doing that today if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've done that for John if they'd had more time.
Tom and Mary would've called John if they'd had his phone number.
Tom and Mary would've been late if John hadn't given them a ride.
Tom and Mary would probably go hiking with us if we invited them.
Tom and Mary would probably do that for you if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they want to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to finish the job unless we help them.
Tom and Mary wished they could tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary wished they could play the mandolin as well as John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they want him to help Alice.
Tom and Mary will have to ask John to do that for us, won't they?
Tom and Mary will be really tired when they get home, won't they?
Tom and Mary weren't wearing straw hats the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to help us yesterday, but they did.
Tom and Mary weren't strong enough to lift the box by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't scared of John, but John was scared of them.
Tom and Mary were walking their dog when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were upset when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary were uncertain whether or not they should tell John.
Tom and Mary were the first ones who said they'd like to do that.
Tom and Mary were the first ones who said they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were afraid to tell their parents what had happened.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they were about to lose everything.
Tom and Mary went to the cemetery to visit their mothers' graves.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn everything they could about animals.
Tom and Mary walk their dog every morning before they go to work.
Tom and Mary visit us quite often, but they never stay very long.
Tom and Mary used to do that quite often, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary turned around to see what was happening behind them.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to help me with my homework.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom and Mary told me they walked through the woods by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't need to use wheelchairs anymore.
Tom and Mary told me that you were with them yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me that they're faster at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're better at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought my speech was interesting.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be cooperative.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was engaged to Alice.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was back from Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought I should lose some weight.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do what he asked them to do.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they thought he wasn't a very good driver.
Tom and Mary told John they thought he was behaving like a child.
Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do what he asked them to do.
Tom and Mary told John they could probably do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd eat anything he made for them.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to try to help Alice.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was overconfident.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in her office.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was upstairs.
Tom and Mary thought they were doing what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought the girl they saw talking to John was Alice.
Tom and Mary thought John had lied to them about where he'd been.
Tom and Mary think they're better at French than they really are.
Tom and Mary tend to get angry when people don't agree with them.
Tom and Mary take showers every morning before they go to school.
Tom and Mary swore they weren't going to say anything to anybody.
Tom and Mary showed me some pictures of them when they were kids.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary say this is the first time they've tried to do that.
Tom and Mary say this is the first time they've tried doing that.
Tom and Mary say they've deleted John's number from their phones.
Tom and Mary say they're going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary say they think it'll be impossible to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they know John could do that if he tried harder.
Tom and Mary say they intend to play golf with us this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who to give the package to.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John had to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can do that without your help.
Tom and Mary said they've not sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they were asked to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'd never consider doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Tom and Mary said they'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could do that as well as John.
Tom and Mary said they weren't the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure if John could do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom and Mary said they were sure they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they were having a really hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to find out what happened.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they had to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to give John the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to help them do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be impossible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was interested in basketball.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his office on Mondays.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they saw John waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom and Mary said they planned on going to the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they left early because they were feeling sick.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never had to go back to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would come to their party.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they had an interesting conversation with John.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you can take care of yourself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to invite John to their party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to hang out with John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to tell John what happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let Alice do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had ever been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind eating after the children ate.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was able to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we helped them or not.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that because they're too busy.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but they actually couldn't.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do about that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they were really interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to forget about what happened.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like working in Boston.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he should do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he had to do that.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John told them they needed to do.
Tom and Mary promised themselves that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd eat everything on their plates.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John would like them to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John thinks they should do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary now know that they've been doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten what they promised to do for John.
Tom and Mary might have some problems we can help them deal with.
Tom and Mary made the mistake of trying to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't plan to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms and won't come out.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston for three years when they were kids.
Tom and Mary liked the idea until I told them it was John's idea.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary know there are plenty of people who agree with them.
Tom and Mary know better than to go out after dark by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't do that, but they did it anyway.
Tom and Mary knew they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that they were the only ones who could do that.
Tom and Mary knew that John wanted them to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary just told me that they don't plan to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary hoped that John would like the gift they bought him.
Tom and Mary haven't been home since they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary have trouble making themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary have told John that they aren't required to do that.
Tom and Mary have permitted their children to do that many times.
Tom and Mary have no friends who're willing to help them do that.
Tom and Mary have finally decided that they have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary have been waiting all morning for John to help them.
Tom and Mary have been trying to figure out what they need to do.
Tom and Mary have been trying to figure out what they have to do.
Tom and Mary have another problem they haven't told us about yet.
Tom and Mary have already told me they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary have already done everything we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have absolutely no idea what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary had to stay home from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary had plenty of chances to apologize, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary had no idea why John wanted them to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what they'd been told to do.
Tom and Mary got tired of waiting for John, so they went on home.
Tom and Mary gave me their phone number and told me to call them.
Tom and Mary forgot to tell John what they'd planned to tell him.
Tom and Mary finally talked John into lending them his accordion.
Tom and Mary finally got driver's licenses when they were thirty.
Tom and Mary felt that they needed to explain why they were late.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they couldn't go to his party.
Tom and Mary explained that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary drove past John's house on their way home from work.
Tom and Mary drive by John's house on their way to and from work.
Tom and Mary drank a few cups of coffee to keep themselves awake.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be mad even if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary don't seem to think they need to go to the hospital.
Tom and Mary don't know who they should ask to help them do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what happened because they weren't there.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary don't have any idea when John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't want to talk to John, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't understand what John was trying to tell them.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John about the jobs they'd been offered.
Tom and Mary didn't speak French as well as I thought they could.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they'd go to John's party or not.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they went to John's party or not.
Tom and Mary didn't really expect John to answer their questions.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they should believe John or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to go yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't buy tickets.
Tom and Mary didn't get driver's licenses until they were thirty.
Tom and Mary didn't feel very well, but they went to work anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as much last week as they usually do.
Tom and Mary didn't do anything that they weren't supposed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't apply for the jobs that John told them about.
Tom and Mary demanded that John give them the money he owed them.
Tom and Mary couldn't go to the concert because they had to work.
Tom and Mary confessed that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary called to tell me they'd been in a traffic accident.
Tom and Mary called John and had him pick them up at the station.
Tom and Mary asked whose coat it was and I told them it was mine.
Tom and Mary asked me to tell you they needed a little more time.
Tom and Mary asked me not to park my car in front of their house.
Tom and Mary asked John to wait for them in front of the library.
Tom and Mary aren't sure when John is expecting them to be there.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be at school today, but they are.
Tom and Mary aren't suggesting John could've done that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't as good at doing that as they think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as easy to get along with as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that alone. You need to help them.
Tom and Mary are wearing the same clothes as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing different hats than they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be starved when they get home.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be forgiven for what they did.
Tom and Mary are old enough to know that what they did was wrong.
Tom and Mary are never going to do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary are never going to be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
Tom and Mary are going to have to take better care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to do that later when they're not so busy.
Tom and Mary are finally going to do what they told us they'd do.
Tom and Mary are better chess players than I expected them to be.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't actually the one who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they were the ones who ate all the cookies.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done what you said they did.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that sometime this week.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that sometime this week.
My guess is that Tom and Mary won't do what you asked them to do.
Maybe you should let Tom and Mary go to Boston like they want to.
It'll take Tom and Mary three hours to finish what they're doing.
It would've been nice if Tom and Mary had told us they'd be late.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't think they have a chance to win.
If you see Tom and Mary, will you tell them I'm looking for them?
If you run into Tom and Mary, ask them how their mother is doing.
If Tom and Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen them.
If Tom and Mary find out I told you this, they'll be very angry.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary appreciate everything you do for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't be here if they didn't have to be.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate everything you've done for them.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary might not do what they're supposed to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I asked them to.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really thought they had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really knew they needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really did what they said they did.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really as rich as they say they are.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd go to Boston with them.
I was happy to be able to help Tom and Mary buy what they needed.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't show up.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in working for them.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they might be able to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
I think you ought to let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary stayed by at home by themselves last Monday.
I think Tom and Mary should do what they say they're going to do.
I think Tom and Mary might've said something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary did that, even though they said they didn't.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they put their minds to it.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they were going to do that.
I should've phoned Tom and Mary before I went over to visit them.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with them.
I first met Tom and Mary right after they moved here from Boston.
I don't think that Tom and Mary did their homework by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how they're going to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to admit that they're wrong.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be here, but I'm glad they are.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary everything John asked me to tell them.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary wanted me to do that for them.
I convinced Tom and Mary that they should go to Boston with John.
I asked Tom and Mary whether they wanted to go to Boston with me.
Have you told Tom and Mary where you want them to park their car?
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't enjoy doing that?
Even though I told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that, they did.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they should do that, they didn't.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they had to do that, they didn't.
Don't you think we should let Tom and Mary do whatever they want?
Don't worry about Tom and Mary. They can take care of themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary would've wanted us to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary really wanted to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to help them?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wished to do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that by themselves?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them I can't meet them this afternoon.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have enough money to buy what they need.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary when they need to be here.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
You can't keep Tom and Mary from doing whatever they want to do.
Would you please tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Would you like me to ask Tom and Mary why they don't want to go?
Why didn't Tom and Mary tell us that they were going to be late?
When Tom and Mary told John that they'd done that, he got upset.
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they hadn't done that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were leaving in the morning?
What do you think Tom and Mary will do now that they're retired?
We should tell Tom and Mary that John doesn't want them to come.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they think they need.
Tom and Mary would be very disappointed if they saw you do that.
Tom and Mary would be better teachers if they were more patient.
Tom and Mary worked in a supermarket while they were in college.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that if John doesn't help them.
Tom and Mary wished that they could play tennis as well as John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary will probably get injured if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary will be mad at John when they find out what he did.
Tom and Mary weren't at school last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what John had bought.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what I planned to do.
Tom and Mary were foolish enough to believe what John told them.
Tom and Mary were advised by John not to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary went to the cemetery to visit their mother's grave.
Tom and Mary wanted to talk to John, but they couldn't find him.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn everything they could about Boston.
Tom and Mary wanted to hire John to take care of their children.
Tom and Mary want to find an apartment close to where they work.
Tom and Mary walked as fast as they could to catch up with John.
Tom and Mary unlocked the door with the key John had given them.
Tom and Mary told the waiter that they wanted sit by the window.
Tom and Mary told me they were interested in visiting Australia.
Tom and Mary told me they slept for only three hours last night.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they're able to speak three languages.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be suspicious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be reasonable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be interested.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be here later.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was good at cooking.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary told me that they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom and Mary told John to wait for them in front of the station.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't surprised.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't depressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was undependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in the attic.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was disorganized.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was married.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't like his sense of humor.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't permit him to do that.
Tom and Mary threw away all the letters that John had sent them.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary thought the boy they saw talking to Alice was John.
Tom and Mary stopped laughing when they noticed John was crying.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary still don't understand what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary started crying when I told them their dog had died.
Tom and Mary started crying when I told them about the accident.
Tom and Mary spent the money John gave them on something to eat.
Tom and Mary soon realized they shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've been grateful for what John did for them.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they have to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to enjoy themselves at the party last night.
Tom and Mary seemed to be convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John wasn't here.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I had to do that.
Tom and Mary seem a lot happier now that they've found new jobs.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that regardless of the consequences.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that even if John tells them not to.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary say they know John will eventually want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is willing to do that with them.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John wants to do that with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning to stay.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would eventually do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John could do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say there was no reason why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary say that they weren't the one who broke the window.
Tom and Mary say birds wake them up every morning in the summer.
Tom and Mary said they've learned a lot in the last three years.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not ask Tom and Mary to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that if John helped them.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't left the windows open.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't asked John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping they could help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to show Alice how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they usually go to Boston three times a month.
Tom and Mary said they used to go to Boston three times a month.
Tom and Mary said they thought we should try to get there early.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they should learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would probably never happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John would do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was a little risky to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they thought John's suggestion was a good one.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be nervous doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was outside waiting for you.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John didn't like Alice very much.
Tom and Mary said they suspected John was very eager to do that.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have walked home by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never needed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said they expected John do the same thing they did.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to invite John to their party.
Tom and Mary said they don't understand why you want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that inside.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John bought his bicycle.
Tom and Mary said they don't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would enjoy that movie.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember what happened that night.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember seeing John at the party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember exactly where John lived.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old their dog was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John was supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted them to buy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if John could do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have their phones with them today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea what John was doing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether John did that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to eat until John gets home.
Tom and Mary said their father told them never to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd ever done that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the very first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to introduce them to John.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was in love with Alice.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really scared.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was angry anymore.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they should do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that cost more money than they expected.
Tom and Mary realized they weren't likely to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary ran to the bus stop, so they wouldn't miss the bus.
Tom and Mary ran to the bus stop, but they still missed the bus.
Tom and Mary promised they'd go to Boston with John next Monday.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be there, but they never showed up.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be more careful in the future.
Tom and Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably should've asked John to help them do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John wasn't at their party.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary never told me they didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary need to study more if they hope to pass this class.
Tom and Mary need to find out where John wants them to meet him.
Tom and Mary need to be more careful the next time they do that.
Tom and Mary made themselves peanut butter sandwiches for lunch.
Tom and Mary made themselves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Tom and Mary made me swear not to tell John about what they did.
Tom and Mary made it quite clear what they didn't want us to do.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they weren't willing to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't like John very much.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't intend to help John.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their room and won't come out.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were younger, I think.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't know Alice.
Tom and Mary know John isn't planning to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to do something to help John.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't get to the airport by 2:30.
Tom and Mary knew that John wouldn't eat the fish they'd caught.
Tom and Mary knew John wasn't likely to tell them what happened.
Tom and Mary hope they can to stay in Boston until next October.
Tom and Mary helped John on the bus, and then got on themselves.
Tom and Mary haven't said anything they weren't supposed to say.
Tom and Mary have promised to do that today before they go home.
Tom and Mary have finally found something they're good at doing.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that if they really want to.
Tom and Mary have been told not to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been told not to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been saving up money so they can go to Boston.
Tom and Mary have a few more things to do before they can leave.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they had to buy.
Tom and Mary got angry when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary found the information they were looking for online.
Tom and Mary finally realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary finally realized that John didn't really like them.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they needed to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary expected John to disagree with them, but he didn't.
Tom and Mary enjoy watching people do things that they can't do.
Tom and Mary enjoy swimming almost as much as they enjoy skiing.
Tom and Mary ended up not getting paid as much as they expected.
Tom and Mary ended up getting paid much less than they expected.
Tom and Mary dove into the water and swam as fast as they could.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll have the time to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't think they can help you move the piano today.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them at his party.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that if they don't really want to.
Tom and Mary don't have the confidence to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends who're willing to help them.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends they can talk to about this.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell John anything about themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would eat what they made for him.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they were planning to go or not.
Tom and Mary didn't really know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John didn't want them at his party.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't have to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they were going to need.
Tom and Mary didn't have very many friends when they were young.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't go with me.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the report that John gave them.
Tom and Mary didn't do any of the work they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done what they did without some help.
Tom and Mary couldn't attend the meeting because they were sick.
Tom and Mary continued working even though they were very tired.
Tom and Mary certainly seems to know what they're talking about.
Tom and Mary can't speak French as well as I thought they could.
Tom and Mary can't forgive themselves for what they did to John.
Tom and Mary called John and asked him to come over their house.
Tom and Mary bought expensive Christmas presents for themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John what time he wanted them to pick him up.
Tom and Mary aren't still wearing their wedding rings, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary aren't as determined to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are very satisfied with the work John did for them.
Tom and Mary are thinking about putting their house up for sale.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get punished if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get arrested if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary are perfectly capable of taking care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are now a little more careful than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are much younger than the rest of their classmates.
Tom and Mary are more dangerous than we first thought they were.
Tom and Mary are going to be very glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be living in Boston with their father.
Tom and Mary are a lot smarter than people give them credit for.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary almost always do what they say they're going to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they weren't supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John said they shouldn't do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd never actually been to Boston.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were the ones who had done that.
There's no way Tom and Mary would've done what you say they did.
The problem is that Tom and Mary think they're better than John.
The only thing Tom and Mary ever gave me were their old jackets.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to see them first thing in the morning.
Should I tell Tom and Mary or would you rather they didn't know?
Let's see what happens if we let Tom and Mary do what they want.
It would be foolish for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary have fallen down and hurt themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to help them.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, I'm sure they'll do it.
If Tom and Mary didn't want to be here, they wouldn't have come.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they should study French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary had a good reason for doing what they did.
I'm sure Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I'm going to make sure Tom and Mary do what you told them to do.
I'll see to it that Tom and Mary do what you've told them to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I told them to.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still as strong as they used to be.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still as strict as they used to be.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to help John.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I want to be sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do it by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they should lose some weight.
I thought Tom and Mary would ask John to go with them to Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary would ask John to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize to John, but they didn't.
I think Tom and Mary would do that for you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that, too, if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary will like the presents you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary know what time they're supposed to be here.
I think Tom and Mary don't live very near the school they go to.
I think Tom and Mary could've solved that problem by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they tried to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are probably older than you think they are.
I spoke to Tom and Mary in French, but they answered in English.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they were supposed to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that I want them to do that.
I know Tom and Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish they would.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to do what they're supposed to do.
I honestly don't think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary asked you to help them wash their car.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they've come back from Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary to take their umbrellas with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be absent if they weren't sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be as careful as they should be.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether they can do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John would like them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John thinks they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary want me to go to Boston with them.
I don't know why Tom and Mary didn't do what I asked them to do.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they were talking.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would want to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be cooperative, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really had to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would be here, but I'm glad they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still living with their parents.
I asked Tom and Mary to sing that song they used to always sing.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't like doing that?
Have Tom and Mary told John that they can't speak French at all?
Even though Tom and Mary are sick, they're swimming again today.
Do you think Tom and Mary will get the jobs they've applied for?
Do Tom and Mary still do the same kind of stuff they used to do?
Did you tell Tom and Mary I didn't want them to do that anymore?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they thought they'd be able do that?
Did Tom and Mary say what they were planning to do this evening?
Did Tom and Mary say they were going to walk to school tomorrow?
Are you really going to let Tom and Mary go there by themselves?
"Are Tom and Mary here?" "No, they left just a few minutes ago."
Your names wouldn't be Tom and Mary, by any chance, would they?
You'll help Tom and Mary do that if they ask you to, won't you?
You shouldn't have told Tom and Mary that you didn't like them.
You knew Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
You can't hit Tom and Mary and expect them not to hit you back.
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what's happening?
Why don't you believe Tom and Mary when they say they're happy?
Why didn't you just give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
When Tom and Mary got home, their children were already asleep.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think about the situation.
We don't believe that Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
We can't let Tom and Mary wander around the park by themselves.
Tom and Mary's parents are too strict to allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if they didn't need to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've left early if they'd known they could've.
Tom and Mary would've done that themselves if they'd known how.
Tom and Mary would've done that by themselves if they could've.
Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they really wanted to.
Tom and Mary worry too much about what people think about them.
Tom and Mary worked part-time to put themselves through school.
Tom and Mary wondered what John could do that they couldn't do.
Tom and Mary wondered if they had enough money to pay the bill.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary won't be able to buy what they need at this store.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French like native speakers.
Tom and Mary will probably do that as soon as you tell them to.
Tom and Mary will never understand why we want them to do this.
Tom and Mary will likely spend the rest of their lives in jail.
Tom and Mary will have to do that, whether they like it or not.
Tom and Mary will get themselves killed if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary weren't able to say what they wanted to in French.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for John catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were very good at doing that when they were young.
Tom and Mary were surprised when John showed up at their party.
Tom and Mary were stupid enough to believe what John told them.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them about what happened.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might do something they'd regret.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they were going to make mistakes.
Tom and Mary went to visit John even though I told them not to.
Tom and Mary wanted to know who was going to help them do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to know how they could lose weight quickly.
Tom and Mary wanted to kiss John, but didn't think they should.
Tom and Mary wanted to get as far away from John as they could.
Tom and Mary wanted to ask you if you'd help them next weekend.
Tom and Mary want me to give them some advice on buying stocks.
Tom and Mary walked in and quietly closed the door behind them.
Tom and Mary used to do that a lot, but they seldom do anymore.
Tom and Mary used the key John had given them to open the door.
Tom and Mary tried to say something, but John interrupted them.
Tom and Mary tried to ask John a question, but he ignored them.
Tom and Mary took their sunglasses off and handed them to John.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them in front of the concert hall.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do what I wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to try to find other jobs.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have enough money to buy that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Tom and Mary told me that to be gone by the time they got here.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never had that problem before.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be surprised.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be impartial.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be back soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was claustrophobic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was being truthful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been impressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could speak French.
Tom and Mary told me that they think they're going to die soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they need to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they have to do.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be likely to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't upstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't prepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unimpressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unconscious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was intelligent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was incompetent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was discouraged.
Tom and Mary told John that they never wanted to do that again.
Tom and Mary told John that they had never intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was honest.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was boring.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was biased.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't allow him to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary thought John might like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary think they can do the job better than anyone else.
Tom and Mary study French every morning before they go to work.
Tom and Mary still don't know who's going to help them do that.
Tom and Mary soon realized there was no way they could do that.
Tom and Mary should've learned French when they had the chance.
Tom and Mary should've done it the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they need his help.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they don't like him.
Tom and Mary seldom make mistakes when they're speaking French.
Tom and Mary seemed to enjoy themselves yesterday at the party.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary say they've learned a lot in the last three years.
Tom and Mary say they've heard that John wanted to change jobs.
Tom and Mary say they're going to find out what has to be done.
Tom and Mary say they would've done that if we'd asked them to.
Tom and Mary say they want to become simultaneous interpreters.
Tom and Mary say they want to apologize to John for doing that.
Tom and Mary say they thought they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think they can do that without your help.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be interesting to do that.
Tom and Mary say they regret that they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to do that next week.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't eat all the potato chips.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is willing to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary say they forgot that they had promised to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember where they put their keys.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary say they don't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether John does that or not.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would be at the meeting.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't swim very well.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they're tired of waiting for John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John has to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably do that on Monday with John.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for John.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't seen John doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone there with John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who got here on time.
Tom and Mary said they were thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to do whatever was necessary.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you would do that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you could do that with them.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you could do that with John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try to swim across this river.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom and Mary said they thought we shouldn't go to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to cheer John up.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could lend John some money.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John had already done that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was unlikely that they'd win.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a good idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to help them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't very good at French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was still living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they saw John sitting in the park by himself.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it would be wise to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that alone.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that outside.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't have a problem with me doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want John to come to their party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let you do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know where they were born.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John refused to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John would be arriving.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to worry about John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the energy to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea what John would do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but they weren't able to.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be moving to Boston next October.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were too tired to do anything else.
Tom and Mary said that they were the very last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John regretted what he did.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to ever see John again.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary said doing that took more time than they expected.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary realized they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary realized later that they shouldn't have done that.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably thought they were going to be busy today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they ought to do.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't see what was happening.
Tom and Mary planned to talk to John the first chance they got.
Tom and Mary phoned to say they won't be here until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary often say they won't be late, but they always are.
Tom and Mary now have to get up much earlier than they used to.
Tom and Mary never told me they wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary never thought they'd have to come back here again.
Tom and Mary never denied that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary needed some money, so I offered to give them some.
Tom and Mary might not have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary might not have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary might not be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary might be better at French than you think they are.
Tom and Mary may have some problems we can help them deal with.
Tom and Mary loved living on the ranch with their grandparents.
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to start crying again.
Tom and Mary looked better today than the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary listened carefully, but they didn't hear anything.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know they're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Tom and Mary know something about John that they won't tell us.
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary knew they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary invited John over to their place to watch a movie.
Tom and Mary hope that John won't do that until they get there.
Tom and Mary hid under their beds, but their mother found them.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't lost as much weight as they say they have.
Tom and Mary haven't been talking very good care of themselves.
Tom and Mary haven't been able to do that since their accident.
Tom and Mary have to finish doing that before they can go home.
Tom and Mary have no close friends they can talk to about that.
Tom and Mary have just done what they should've done last week.
Tom and Mary have gotten fatter since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what John told them to do.
Tom and Mary gave me a notebook full of their favorite recipes.
Tom and Mary gave each of their children three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary forgot to ask John what they'd planned to ask him.
Tom and Mary finally managed to do what they were trying to do.
Tom and Mary don't think John will be awake when they get home.
Tom and Mary don't think John lies to them, but I know he does.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to appreciate what we've done for them.
Tom and Mary don't really know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them to help him.
Tom and Mary don't know they'll never be able to do that again.
Tom and Mary don't know how long they'll have to wait for John.
Tom and Mary don't have to talk about it if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to eat anything they don't want to eat.
Tom and Mary don't have a pet now, but they used to have a dog.
Tom and Mary don't go to the movies as often as they'd like to.
Tom and Mary don't go fishing much now, but they used to a lot.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they said they had to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell us that they'd be in Boston this week.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd never been to Boston before.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them about that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't read any of the messages John sent to them.
Tom and Mary didn't pay me as much as they promised they would.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the letter John wrote to them.
Tom and Mary didn't eat the sandwiches that John made for them.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to do that with us, did they?
Tom and Mary did something they didn't want John to know about.
Tom and Mary definitely know that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them why he was unhappy.
Tom and Mary couldn't find what they wanted at the supermarket.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that, so they asked John to help them.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary could've been nervous, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could've been frightened, but they didn't show it.
Tom and Mary could hardly make themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary checked the list to make sure they had everything.
Tom and Mary certainly sound like they're not planning to come.
Tom and Mary certainly aren't as smart as John thinks they are.
Tom and Mary can do whatever they like as far as I'm concerned.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary burned all of the letters that John had sent them.
Tom and Mary ask me the same questions every time they see me.
Tom and Mary asked me if I could help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary asked if they really had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary aren't really as rich as everyone thinks they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as naive as a lot of people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as motivated to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as desperate to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are wearing the black coats they bought last week.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that are way too large for them.
Tom and Mary are still not sure why John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary are proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get injured if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are only trying to do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary are my neighbors, but I don't know them very well.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that as soon as you tell them to.
Tom and Mary are likely to be really disappointed, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are good swimmers, but they don't swim very often.
Tom and Mary are going to help you do that if you want them to.
Tom and Mary are going to have to figure this out on their own.
Tom and Mary are going to go there the same way they always do.
Tom and Mary are going to get in trouble if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be thirsty when they finish the race.
Tom and Mary are far better off than they were three years ago.
Tom and Mary are better off than they were this time last year.
Tom and Mary are better off now than they were three years ago.
Tom and Mary are already rich enough to buy anything they want.
Tom and Mary almost never do what they say they're going to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John told them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they said they wouldn't do.
Tom and Mary accidentally locked themselves in the wine cellar.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they needed to do.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should drink more water.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm not going to do what they asked me to do.
Please make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Not only do Tom and Mary speak French, they also speak English.
It's doubtful whether Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
It would be stupid for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
If you visit Tom and Mary now, they'll probably be watching TV.
If you see Tom and Mary, please tell them I'm looking for them.
If Tom and Mary haven't told you yet, they probably never will.
If Tom and Mary didn't come here by bus, how did they get here?
I'm surprised Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have some questions they want to ask you.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
I'm really going to miss Tom and Mary when they move to Boston.
I'm going to allow Tom and Mary to do whatever they want to do.
I'll tell Tom and Mary about that the next time I talk to them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I wasn't in the room when Tom and Mary asked John to help them.
I was hoping Tom and Mary wouldn't ask me to help them do that.
I want Tom and Mary to keep doing just what they've been doing.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never came.
I told Tom and Mary to stop doing that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I told Tom and Mary that they've been doing that the wrong way.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that by themselves.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about when they did that.
I think Tom and Mary would get here early if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as angry as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary will like the present you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary will do the same thing they did yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary should've asked John to help them do that.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves before.
I think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves if they tried.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I should've told Tom and Mary that I was too busy to help them.
I should've phoned Tom and Mary before I went over to see them.
I recognized Tom and Mary as soon as they walked into the room.
I plan to telephone Tom and Mary tomorrow and ask them to help.
I haven't yet done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I doubt if Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary liked the song you wrote about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wasn't at their party.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary can afford to buy the car they want.
I don't care why Tom and Mary did that. I'm just glad they did.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really did what John said they did.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what time they should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that they needed to be more careful.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't enjoying themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would have to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that by themselves.
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into babysitting their children?
How did Tom and Mary get John to help them with their homework?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like it if I did that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that if they had the chance?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want me to sit next to them?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that without any help?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to do that?
Could you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary why they should do that.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary say they can trust.
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what's going on?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and invite them to your party?
Why don't you believe Tom and Mary when they say they're busy?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary if they'd like to come with us?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary if they really want to do that?
Why did you tell Tom and Mary I thought they couldn't do that?
When Tom and Mary saw John and Alice together, they got angry.
When Tom and Mary find out what happened, they won't be happy.
What makes you think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Were you the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go?
We're not going to give Tom and Mary the money they asked for.
We'll make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
We waited all afternoon for Tom and Mary, but they never came.
We should tell Tom and Mary that they need to be more careful.
We should ask Tom and Mary which one they think we should buy.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they had hidden the money.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let their children speak French at home.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have made it on time if they hadn't run.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't wanted to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't needed to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that even if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would they?
Tom and Mary would've found John if they'd only looked harder.
Tom and Mary would've come to Boston with us if they could've.
Tom and Mary would still be alive if they'd been more careful.
Tom and Mary would be disappointed if they saw you doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered how much they were going to have to pay.
Tom and Mary won't be able to solve the problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wished they were able to visit Boston more often.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary wished that they could spend more time with John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary will probably be really disappointed, won't they?
Tom and Mary will never understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary weren't sure when they were supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary weren't scared to go into the cave by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't at work last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary were wearing straw hats the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were walking towards the station when I saw them.
Tom and Mary were sick, so I stayed home to take care of them.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they'd do that.
Tom and Mary were aware that someone was standing behind them.
Tom and Mary were angry because I wouldn't give them any help.
Tom and Mary were able to do that well when they were younger.
Tom and Mary went back to school to get something they forgot.
Tom and Mary wanted to buy a car, but they couldn't afford to.
Tom and Mary wanted John to understand why they couldn't stay.
Tom and Mary want to find apartments close to where they work.
Tom and Mary want to ask you if you'll help them next weekend.
Tom and Mary usually wear sunglasses whenever they go outside.
Tom and Mary used to make fun of John, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary tried to tell John what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary tried to do that, but they weren't strong enough.
Tom and Mary tried to do that, but they weren't able to do it.
Tom and Mary told the police that three men had attacked them.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted John to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they've seen that movie three times.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be punctual.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be discreet.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been careless.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom and Mary told me that they think they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't really care what happens.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they should do.
Tom and Mary told me that John was the one who told them that.
Tom and Mary told me some things they probably shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary told John they'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to find higher-paying jobs.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Tom and Mary told John they hoped they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they couldn't eat lunch with him today.
Tom and Mary told John the reason they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him with his homework.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to try to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't thirsty.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't married.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unprepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unemployed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was prejudiced.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was frustrated.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was frightened.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was upset.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was tired.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was right.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was ready.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was happy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was funny.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was drunk.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was crazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was bossy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was bored.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was awake.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was angry.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was alone.
Tom and Mary thought they'd forgotten to tell John what to do.
Tom and Mary thought they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought they could do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary thought that John would be too busy to help them.
Tom and Mary thought that John was hiding something from them.
Tom and Mary thought John wouldn't likely come to their party.
Tom and Mary thought John would be bored, but they were wrong.
Tom and Mary thought John was going to let them go home early.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends will want to do that.
Tom and Mary think Alice is the prettiest girl in their class.
Tom and Mary thanked John for the bottle of wine he gave them.
Tom and Mary take their ukuleles with them everywhere they go.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed at a cheap hotel when they visited Boston.
Tom and Mary started eating the sandwiches John made for them.
Tom and Mary speak French much better than they speak English.
Tom and Mary sold their car to John for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary skipped dinner saying they were too tired to eat.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John that they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have gone out after dark by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've done it the way you told them to do it.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary should never have tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should never have tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that with their eyes closed.
Tom and Mary scooted over so John could sit down next to them.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they ever do this.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they ever do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go to Boston this winter.
Tom and Mary say they're not the only ones who didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they're hoping they can go swimming tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to give John the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary say they usually buy a new car every three years.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be impossible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they sell about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Tom and Mary say they need the rest of the money you owe them.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they have a special tool they use to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they're very good at French.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let them do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John doesn't like Boston.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they can help us today if we need their help.
Tom and Mary say they aren't yet sure what caused the problem.
Tom and Mary say they always do that the way John showed them.
Tom and Mary say that when they did that, John started crying.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to come over this afternoon.
Tom and Mary sang better today than I've ever heard them sing.
Tom and Mary said they're planning on staying at home all day.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that on Monday with John.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd fill out the application form for me.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for you if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't like to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't dream of letting John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wished they'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't spent so much money.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of cold weather.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going John and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary said they were tired and wanted to go home early.
Tom and Mary said they were still not very good at doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were kidnapped when they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary said they were going to need a little more money.
Tom and Mary said they were going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom and Mary said they were expecting something bad to happen.
Tom and Mary said they were at your house yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they wanted us to be here by 2:on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too young to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too drunk to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what the problem was.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would probably not happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would likely never happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was time for them to retire.
Tom and Mary said they thought it could happen in Boston, too.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be too busy to help.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be glad to see them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in no rush to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wanted to quit doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John probably wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to be more careful.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John looked nervous doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think they'll have to do that for John.
Tom and Mary said they think they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they saw John eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that before John got here.
Tom and Mary said they met a woman named Alice this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they knew where John learned how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew something bad was going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they intend to go to Australia next October.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would come to their concert.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't allow Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to say to John.
Tom and Mary said they felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Tom and Mary said they expected us do the same thing they did.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will agree to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they don't know what John wants them to buy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to say anything about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want John to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would really do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let me do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need your permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't like Alice.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have your permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to complain about.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea why John did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we did that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether John stayed or not.
Tom and Mary said they did that, but they didn't really do it.
Tom and Mary said they can't eat that much food by themselves.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do to help.
Tom and Mary said their father told them not to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do just about anything for John.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't working in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in soccer.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really interested in archery.
Tom and Mary said that they were really determined to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to talk to me after school.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they really didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to go to John's party.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really busy.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was mad anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that it didn't take them so long to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John not to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was easier to do that than they expected.
Tom and Mary said John was unlikely to eat anything they made.
Tom and Mary said John was sleeping by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John told them they had to do.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I told them they needed to do.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that what they'd done was wrong.
Tom and Mary realized they wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing they could do to help.
Tom and Mary realized there was no way they'd be able do that.
Tom and Mary promised to come, but they haven't turned up yet.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd eat whatever he cooked.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to get home by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why you want them to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John expects them to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they've got to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they need to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they have to do.
Tom and Mary play tennis well, but they don't play very often.
Tom and Mary opened the door, even though I asked them not to.
Tom and Mary obviously don't want us bothering them right now.
Tom and Mary never told me that they knew how to speak French.
Tom and Mary might've lied about who they went to Boston with.
Tom and Mary might not really be as busy as they say they are.
Tom and Mary might be here somewhere, but I haven't seen them.
Tom and Mary may do that for us, but then again, they may not.
Tom and Mary made me promise not to tell John where they were.
Tom and Mary made it very clear that they didn't want us here.
Tom and Mary looked around to see if they were being followed.
Tom and Mary looked around the room, but they didn't see John.
Tom and Mary look like they're too tired to help us right now.
Tom and Mary let me read the letter they'd received from John.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary know they should do that, but they don't want to.
Tom and Mary know that John can't do that as well as they can.
Tom and Mary know John will probably be too busy to help them.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be able to pass the test.
Tom and Mary knew that I'd be gone by the time they got there.
Tom and Mary just told me that they wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary hired John to work at their store on Park Street.
Tom and Mary hinted very strongly that they wanted to go home.
Tom and Mary haven't yet realized that they're made a mistake.
Tom and Mary haven't had time to do what you asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have told me they have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary have some good ideas they want to tell you about.
Tom and Mary have probably done something they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary have enough money to do whatever they want to do.
Tom and Mary have decided they're the ones who should do that.
Tom and Mary have been drinking a lot since they got divorced.
Tom and Mary have already done everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have a lot of work to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary have a few things they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of wine all by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, but they say they have to.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that today because they're sick.
Tom and Mary don't speak French as well as they speak English.
Tom and Mary don't speak French as well as I thought they did.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they should do that.
Tom and Mary don't really listen when John is talking to them.
Tom and Mary don't necessarily have to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where they're going to live next year.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that again.
Tom and Mary don't know how much time they'll need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know how much time they'll have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to wash the car if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to say anything if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go, but their father made them go.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary didn't understand why they weren't allowed to go.
Tom and Mary didn't stay for as long as they said they'd stay.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they were talking about.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know exactly what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't recognize the person sitting next to them.
Tom and Mary didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were in a hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know the reason why John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they should give John.
Tom and Mary didn't have their parents' permission to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have good jobs until they moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they wanted.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they needed.
Tom and Mary didn't even text John to tell him they'd be late.
Tom and Mary didn't deny that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary did neither of the two things I asked them to do.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary deleted all of John's pictures from their phones.
Tom and Mary cried as they read the letter they got from John.
Tom and Mary couldn't attend the party because they were sick.
Tom and Mary could've been right, but I think they were wrong.
Tom and Mary could make you do that, but I doubt if they will.
Tom and Mary can't go out because they have a lot of homework.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. John will have to help them.
Tom and Mary came a little earlier today than they usually do.
Tom and Mary began doing that when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them with their French homework.
Tom and Mary asked John where they should put their suitcases.
Tom and Mary asked John what time he wanted them to come over.
Tom and Mary asked John to meet them at Alice's house at 2:30.
Tom and Mary asked John to help decorate their Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary asked John if he knew why Alice didn't like them.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure why they have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to permit John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to do that today, are they?
Tom and Mary are wearing the sunglasses they bought yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing the same clothes they wore yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that're way too large for them.
Tom and Mary are very fortunate to have John working for them.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out how much money they owe.
Tom and Mary are too drunk to drive. Could you take them home?
Tom and Mary are the best students in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still sitting in their car, waiting for John.
Tom and Mary are ready to do their best in order to help John.
Tom and Mary are pretty nice people once you get to know them.
Tom and Mary are only asking you to help them for a few hours.
Tom and Mary are never going to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary are much smarter than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are much better singers now than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are lonely because they have no one to play with.
Tom and Mary are likely going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are good at getting people to do things for them.
Tom and Mary are going to need more money than what they have.
Tom and Mary are going to have to deal with this on their own.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything they can to find John.
Tom and Mary are going to be very sorry if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be really disappointed, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are fairly sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are afraid that they're about to lose everything.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they said they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they promised to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John asked them not to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really want to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know what to do.
The police handcuffed Tom and Mary and read them their rights.
The only person Tom and Mary say they want to talk to is John.
Maybe Tom and Mary were really as busy as they said they were.
Let's see if Tom and Mary can manage to do that by themselves.
If Tom and Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped them.
If Tom and Mary can help John, why can't they help Alice, too?
If I'd seen Tom and Mary yesterday, I would've talked to them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be very hungry when they get home.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You haven't seen them, have you?
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about when they did that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really knew they should do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary will do with their old motorcycles.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were unhappy here.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't come.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to talk to them again.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that the way they were doing it.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize to me, but they didn't.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary that you don't like them.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I think we should let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that now if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary might get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have already done what they needed to do.
I think Tom and Mary couldn't stop themselves from doing that.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that for John if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
I think I'll go see Tom and Mary and ask them what they think.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Tom and Mary if they'll join us.
I suppose Tom and Mary told you what time they plan to arrive.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I need to talk to Tom and Mary about what they said they'd do.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do that when they were supposed to.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remembered to do what we asked them to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't sing as often as they used to.
I don't think we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they ought to do.
I didn't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I didn't want Tom and Mary to do that, but they did it anyway.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be exhausted, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be doing that by themselves.
I didn't let Tom and Mary finish what they were trying to say.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would have to do that on their own.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to Boston by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't at the party last night.
I asked Tom and Mary what happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary how much time they thought it would take.
How many sandwiches did Tom and Mary take to school with them?
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned on staying with us?
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they say they did?
How did Tom and Mary know they were supposed to be here today?
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them that breakfast is ready.
Don't you think Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do?
Do you still think Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can take care of themselves?
Do Tom and Mary know why John didn't invite them to his party?
Did Tom and Mary say who was going to help them fix their car?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know that they were doing that the wrong way?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted for Christmas?
Are you certain that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
You've got to tell Tom and Mary they need to be here at 2:30.
You'd never forgive Tom and Mary if they did that, would you?
You told me Tom and Mary were sick in bed. Why are they here?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't leave early.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they going to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that, didn't you?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Why would Tom and Mary want to do that if they don't have to?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they needed to do that?
Who did Tom and Mary say was going to go to Boston with them?
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay at our place.
When Tom and Mary were in kindergarten, they lived in Boston.
What happens if Tom and Mary won't do what we ask them to do?
What do you think Tom and Mary did with the money they stole?
We'll probably never know why Tom and Mary killed themselves.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who they were planning to meet.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would they?
Tom and Mary would go to Boston with us if they had the time.
Tom and Mary wondered why they'd never seen John here before.
Tom and Mary wondered how much time they'd have to eat lunch.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary won't know how to use it if you don't show them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they want his help.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary will probably get hurt if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary will probably finish what they're doing by 2:30.
Tom and Mary will probably be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary will help you as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't aware that nobody was listening to them.
Tom and Mary weren't able to find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for us catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for me catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary were probably about thirteen when they did that.
Tom and Mary were lying when they said they didn't know John.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they did that.
Tom and Mary were in a difficult situation, so I helped them.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could persuade John to do that.
Tom and Mary were disappointed that they didn't win the race.
Tom and Mary were a very good skier when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary went out of their way to make John feel at home.
Tom and Mary went out drinking with their friends last night.
Tom and Mary wanted to know the reason John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary wanted me to tell John that they weren't coming.
Tom and Mary wanted John to understand why they had to leave.
Tom and Mary wanted John to meet them in front of the school.
Tom and Mary want to go to college, but they can't afford to.
Tom and Mary used to smile a lot, but they seldom do anymore.
Tom and Mary used to play the guitar better than they do now.
Tom and Mary used to like John, but now they can't stand him.
Tom and Mary understand French better than they can speak it.
Tom and Mary tried to reach the top shelf, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to do their homework for them.
Tom and Mary tried to do that again, but they couldn't do it.
Tom and Mary took a lot of pictures when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary took a lot of pictures when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they were looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they planned to wait until Monday to go.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't study French in high school.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have much money in the bank.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't tell John what happened.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were planning to study abroad.
Tom and Mary told me that they were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought it would rain all day.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be worried.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be jealous.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be furious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be curious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be careful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be at home.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was undependable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was disorganized.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was conservative.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was ambidextrous.
Tom and Mary told me that they forgot where they hid the key.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to do that again.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd never intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were in Boston last weekend.
Tom and Mary told John that they were happy that he did that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be late.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was surprised.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was skeptical.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was incorrect.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was depressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was conceited.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice had gone home.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice had done that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice could do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want to study French.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think he'd been fair.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was well.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lost.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was home.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was busy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't believe in astrology.
Tom and Mary told John I couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be able to meet John.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought the girl they saw in the park was Alice.
Tom and Mary thought John would want him to do that for them.
Tom and Mary thought John would probably refuse to help them.
Tom and Mary thought John lied to them about where he'd been.
Tom and Mary think they left them French textbooks at John's.
Tom and Mary think they know who John's favorite musician is.
Tom and Mary think they can probably take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary think that John will eat what they make for him.
Tom and Mary talked John into going to the concert with them.
Tom and Mary take their children to the park every afternoon.
Tom and Mary still have the knapsacks their father gave them.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary sold some of the potatoes they'd bought to John.
Tom and Mary showed me the pictures they took at the wedding.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they'll never do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't like Alice.
Tom and Mary should be able to change the tire by themselves.
Tom and Mary seemed very surprised when I told them about it.
Tom and Mary seemed to be happy with the gift John gave them.
Tom and Mary seemed to be convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary say you told them I wasn't going to go with you.
Tom and Mary say they've gotten used to eating hospital food.
Tom and Mary say they're sorry about what happened yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they're looking forward to coming to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they're having a lot of fun learning French.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that again if John wants them to.
Tom and Mary say they will do that whether it's legal or not.
Tom and Mary say they want to give you the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be smart to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be expensive to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary say they saw John eating sandwiches in the park.
Tom and Mary say they know how difficult it'll be to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John can't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who's going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he should do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they go jogging at least three times a week.
Tom and Mary say they forgot that they'd promised to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let you do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we help them or not.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary saw what they were looking for on the top shelf.
Tom and Mary said they've never been to a Chinese restaurant.
Tom and Mary said they're sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they're quicker at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they're going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for you if you ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do that if I wanted them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom and Mary said they'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help, but John said he would.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able do that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they would do their homework by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't let John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could speak French better.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of hot weather.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they're ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to sell the family farm.
Tom and Mary said they weren't aware that John had done that.
Tom and Mary said they were too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were sorry that they couldn't help me.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could do that together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to talk to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they watched TV for three hours last night.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to finish what they were doing.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy one of John's paintings.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they should ask John to leave.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what had to be done.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John had to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be raining on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a mistake.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't like to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be willing to wait.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room studying.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to get more sleep.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I needed to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom and Mary said they saw John spanking one of his children.
Tom and Mary said they saw John playing badminton with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they saw John and Alice kissing each other.
Tom and Mary said they regretted not following John's advice.
Tom and Mary said they never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom and Mary said they needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they needed to ask me a few more questions.
Tom and Mary said they needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Tom and Mary said they needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they weren't going to get fired.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never had to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John could learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't want John to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that alone.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John does that very often.
Tom and Mary said they don't know if John can do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to the park with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to give any more speeches.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat the stew John made.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they should say anything.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John should've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John did that very often.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John did that on purpose.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really want to talk about this.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect you to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't learn anything at school today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John went to school.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have as much free time as John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you'd do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that actually happened.
Tom and Mary said they could probably do that in three hours.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they arrived a few minutes before John did.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of cold weather.
Tom and Mary said that they're looking forward to seeing you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't living in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were planning to be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they really did do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they don't really want that to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really feel like laughing.
Tom and Mary said that they did their homework by themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom and Mary said that John's complaining didn't bother them.
Tom and Mary said John would probably go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me where they'd put my car keys.
Tom and Mary readily promised to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary promised to do everything they could to help me.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd help him with his homework.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd meet him after school.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd come home early today.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John that they did that.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't have bought what they bought.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that here.
Tom and Mary probably don't know that John doesn't like them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they should do.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know how to open the safe.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't hear John's question.
Tom and Mary practiced their speeches in front of the mirror.
Tom and Mary planned to visit John the first chance they got.
Tom and Mary plan to come back to Boston after they graduate.
Tom and Mary often eat popcorn when they're watching a movie.
Tom and Mary never wanted to give up, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary never wanted to do anything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary never told anyone where they hid the gold coins.
Tom and Mary must've had some reason for doing what they did.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten that they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary must think they don't need to help John anymore.
Tom and Mary met many other artists when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary may not be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they like with what I gave them.
Tom and Mary made it quite clear what they expected us to do.
Tom and Mary lost their tempers and threw their cups at John.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a hurry to get home.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary learned French while they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary laughed before they realized John wasn't joking.
Tom and Mary know you didn't eat the cake they baked for you.
Tom and Mary know they should've been able to do that better.
Tom and Mary knew they should've been able to do that better.
Tom and Mary knew that John didn't want to be seen with them.
Tom and Mary knew more about what happened than they told us.
Tom and Mary just found out that they have to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary introduced their stepson to John's stepdaughter.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they're supposed to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't been doing that as often as they should.
Tom and Mary have told you about what happened, haven't they?
Tom and Mary have told John that they're required to do that.
Tom and Mary have to decide where they want to go to college.
Tom and Mary have some things they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary have never gone mountain climbing by themselves.
Tom and Mary have managed to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that before they go home.
Tom and Mary have cars, but they don't drive them very often.
Tom and Mary have been told that they're required to do that.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been fired from every job they've ever had.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary have already bought what John asked them to buy.
Tom and Mary have already bought everything they need to buy.
Tom and Mary had to borrow money from John to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary had something they needed to talk to John about.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary got to the station just in time for their train.
Tom and Mary found that they actually liked working for John.
Tom and Mary found John's umbrella in the trunk of their car.
Tom and Mary explained to us why they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary enjoyed the time they spent in Boston with John.
Tom and Mary dropped everything they were doing to help John.
Tom and Mary don't think they're going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that without our help.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be doing what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be doing what they're supposed to.
Tom and Mary don't remember their parents ever spanking them.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that. John will do it for them.
Tom and Mary don't like to do that, but they'll do it anyway.
Tom and Mary don't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that. John will do it for them.
Tom and Mary don't have to do anything they don't want to do.
Tom and Mary don't have their parents' permission to do that.
Tom and Mary don't do that as well as they should be able to.
Tom and Mary didn't want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary didn't understand what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't think I'd notice that they weren't there.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they didn't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wanted to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be enjoying themselves very much.
Tom and Mary didn't say what they did that made you so angry.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything about where they were going.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that what they were doing was wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were doing anything wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they'd be able to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they were supposed to wait.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long John expected them to wait.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't even try to pretend that they liked John.
Tom and Mary did that much better the third time they did it.
Tom and Mary did that even though they knew it was dangerous.
Tom and Mary did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Tom and Mary did everything they possibly could to help John.
Tom and Mary decided to learn all they could about computers.
Tom and Mary decided that they didn't really like doing that.
Tom and Mary decided not to tell John that they were leaving.
Tom and Mary cried themselves to sleep every night last week.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember where they'd buried the money.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what John had told them to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them his phone number.
Tom and Mary couldn't do it, so they asked John to help them.
Tom and Mary couldn't afford to buy the bicycles they wanted.
Tom and Mary could've stopped doing that if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary could've done that for John if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't know that was going to happen.
Tom and Mary certainly didn't say what you thought they said.
Tom and Mary can't read music, so they play the piano by ear.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary called to say they weren't coming to work today.
Tom and Mary called me to tell me that they have a flat tire.
Tom and Mary bet John thirty dollars that they could do that.
Tom and Mary assured John that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary asked me to go to Boston with them next weekend.
Tom and Mary asked me for more money than they really needed.
Tom and Mary asked if it would be dangerous if they did that.
Tom and Mary asked if it would be all right if they did that.
Tom and Mary asked if I wanted them to cook something for me.
Tom and Mary asked John if he would mind doing that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't yet quite sure what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to allow John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because John told them not to.
Tom and Mary aren't as tempted to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as sure of themselves as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at French as they think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as busy this week as they were last week.
Tom and Mary are worried that something might happen to them.
Tom and Mary are upset with John because he didn't help them.
Tom and Mary are saving up money so they can go to Australia.
Tom and Mary are probably not going to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are probably not as young as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as smart as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as happy as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they'll do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get fined if they do that.
Tom and Mary are playing soccer with their friends somewhere.
Tom and Mary are old enough to do that on their own, I think.
Tom and Mary are now richer than they ever thought they'd be.
Tom and Mary are much richer than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to sing that new song they just wrote.
Tom and Mary are going to miss the train if they don't hurry.
Tom and Mary are going to love the presents you got for them.
Tom and Mary are going to be in Boston all week, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are always getting people to do things for them.
Tom and Mary are already old enough to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary apparently went to the lighthouse by themselves.
Tom and Mary answered all the questions that John asked them.
Tom and Mary always carry cameras with them wherever they go.
Tom and Mary admitted they'd been doing that for a long time.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John told them not to do.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue caps.
Tell Tom and Mary that when they're finished, they can leave.
Tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them as soon as possible.
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't go swimming.
Please tell Tom and Mary that I don't want to see them again.
Please make sure Tom and Mary do what they're supposed to do.
Maybe we should ask Tom and Mary if they want this old piano.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Make sure Tom and Mary know when they're supposed to be here.
It's entirely up to Tom and Mary whether they do that or not.
It looks like Tom and Mary were able to get what they wanted.
If Tom and Mary finds out what John did, they won't be happy.
If Tom and Mary could speak French, I'd hire them right away.
If Tom and Mary aren't careful, they're going to get injured.
I've looked all over for Tom and Mary, but I can't find them.
I've already told Tom and Mary they can't go to John's party.
I'm sure Tom and Mary would appreciate any help they can get.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I'll ask Tom and Mary that question the next time I see them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about where they'd been.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't go out after dark by themselves.
I wish Tom and Mary would give me back the money they owe me.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they couldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they should do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never came.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they helped me.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to do that.
I told Tom and Mary I could do whatever they wanted me to do.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't like the book John gave them.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to get here.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary why you don't like them.
I think Tom and Mary would've stayed longer if they could've.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been there.
I think Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they want.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as mad as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary should be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might not want to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might get killed if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary may be able to do that if you help them.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that faster by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they have to do.
I think I'll go visit Tom and Mary and see how they're doing.
I suppose Tom and Mary might not do what we asked them to do.
I should've never let Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves.
I should've asked Tom and Mary why they didn't leave earlier.
I never told Tom and Mary I wanted to go to Boston with them.
I never even got a chance to ask Tom and Mary if they'd help.
I intend to phone Tom and Mary tomorrow and ask them to help.
I hope that Tom and Mary like the presents I bought for them.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John asked them not to do.
I heard Tom and Mary bragging about how much money they made.
I haven't heard from Tom and Mary since they moved to Boston.
I expect that Tom and Mary won't do what you want them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will be punished for what they did.
I don't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they're working.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I don't want Tom and Mary to go out after dark by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you as much as you like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John expects them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that what they did was wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that by themselves.
I don't know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would go to Boston by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be confused, but they were.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary anything they didn't already know.
I didn't notice that Tom and Mary were sitting by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary to come yesterday, but they didn't come.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to a movie with me.
I almost told Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
How did Tom and Mary persuade John to go to Boston with them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to help them do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary can really take care of themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you have any pictures of Tom and Mary when they were kids?
Did you ask Tom and Mary who helped them with their homework?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they could do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they asked John to babysit tonight?
Did Tom and Mary say how they were planning to get to Boston?
You shouldn't laugh at Tom and Mary when they make mistakes.
You should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
You asked Tom and Mary to do that by themselves, didn't you?
Who did Tom and Mary think would want to go there with them?
When Tom and Mary first told me that, I didn't believe them.
What happened to Tom and Mary? I haven't seen them recently.
We need to make sure Tom and Mary have everything they need.
We need to find out where Tom and Mary want us to meet them.
We have to get Tom and Mary someplace where they'll be safe.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't leave early?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary's father doesn't allow them to go out at night.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we forced them to do that.
Tom and Mary would've done that if they'd had the chance to.
Tom and Mary would've done that if John hadn't stopped them.
Tom and Mary would be surprised if they saw John doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered what to do with the wallet they found.
Tom and Mary wondered what John was going to ask them to do.
Tom and Mary wondered how long they'd have to wait for John.
Tom and Mary won't tell anyone where they were last weekend.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary won't go to sleep unless you read them a story.
Tom and Mary wish that they could be better French speakers.
Tom and Mary will very likely be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary will unlikely be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't thirsty, so they didn't drink anything.
Tom and Mary weren't there for me when I really needed them.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised when they saw John in Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't interested in talking about themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't able to tell John how they really felt.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do that until they were thirty.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for me keep up with them.
Tom and Mary were unwilling to do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary were absent from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean the living room.
Tom and Mary usually only wear glasses when they're reading.
Tom and Mary tried to stay awake, but they soon fell asleep.
Tom and Mary tried to catch up with John, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary took off their jackets and handed them to John.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want to play poker with us.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they'd do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted me to do that for them.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted me to do that for John.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't take up much of our time.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to retire next year.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to go home early today.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they have a few things to take care of.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't take French in high school.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have as much money as John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't wait to get out of there.
Tom and Mary told me that they're grateful for all our help.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be scared.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was trustworthy.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was interesting.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was intelligent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was incompetent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was discouraged.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was a good cook.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been unfair.
Tom and Mary told me that they forgot all about the meeting.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary told me later that they weren't really married.
Tom and Mary told John they'd never eat anything Alice made.
Tom and Mary told John they'd never do anything to hurt him.
Tom and Mary told John they were going to eat lunch at home.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John they knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd been waiting a long time.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd been miserable in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they were in Boston last Monday.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to be home late.
Tom and Mary told John that they were determined to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were be obliged to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't tired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't ready.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't happy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't broke.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't bored.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't awake.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't angry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't alone.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was upstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was stubborn.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was prepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was mistaken.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was innocent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was impolite.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was creative.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was confused.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was annoying.
Tom and Mary told John that they had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they had a long talk with Alice.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was mad.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was fat.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have to do anything.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have anything to do.
Tom and Mary told John that he didn't have to wait for them.
Tom and Mary told John that Alice was a good friend of them.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to get higher salaries.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary thought John was going to tell them what to do.
Tom and Mary thanked John for letting them use his computer.
Tom and Mary stopped for something to eat on their way home.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary still have a lot to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary stayed home from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary spent the money their father gave them on beer.
Tom and Mary signed the papers that John asked them to sign.
Tom and Mary showed me the money they found on the sidewalk.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John they don't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have been doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary should've lied to John about where they'd been.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary should do that the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary seemed to be unaware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary say they've been thinking about what John said.
Tom and Mary say they're sorry that they caused you trouble.
Tom and Mary say they're going to wait and see what happens.
Tom and Mary say they're going to try to help you find John.
Tom and Mary say they're considering dropping out of school.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that whether you like it or not.
Tom and Mary say they'd prefer to talk about something else.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be wise to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be safe to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be easy to do that.
Tom and Mary say they still don't have everything they need.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they heard that John wanted to change jobs.
Tom and Mary say they haven't had nightmares in a long time.
Tom and Mary say they go jogging three or four times a week.
Tom and Mary say they feel much better today than yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that just now.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John does that very often.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John doesn't like them.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John wants to help him.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to go sailing.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John helped Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't study at all for the test.
Tom and Mary said they've talked to John about that already.
Tom and Mary said they've been waiting for over three hours.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they've always been pretty good at sports.
Tom and Mary said they've already talked to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to do whatever is necessary.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can do that.
Tom and Mary said they're faster at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they're better at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to be at their party.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for me if I wanted them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back before the end of the week.
Tom and Mary said they'd be afraid to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do what I wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that, so I asked John to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that again, but they did.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't buy any of John's paintings.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't allow me to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished John would eat healthier food.
Tom and Mary said they weren't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in the mood to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to wait for permission.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting any help from John.
Tom and Mary said they were waiting for something to happen.
Tom and Mary said they were too old to go mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary said they were sure that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could travel together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to permit John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that you did that for them.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that you did that for John.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to visit John in the hospital.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Boston to visit John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to ask me a personal question.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to teach them how to drive.
Tom and Mary said they tried to help John with his homework.
Tom and Mary said they thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to win.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too old to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would likely not happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would forget to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was unlikely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John had finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they suspected that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they saw John in the park just after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they planned on staying until next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed money to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary said they might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't win the race.
Tom and Mary said they just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom and Mary said they have a lot of homework to do tonight.
Tom and Mary said they had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to tell John.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they don't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go swimming with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do anything with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to buy anything for John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think we should be doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could ever do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think the smell bothered John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think the noise bothered John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that would happen today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had ever done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old they were.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when the meeting started.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to swim.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much teaching experience.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any friends to play with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't even want to think about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find a decent place to live.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of hot weather.
Tom and Mary said they I thought I should do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't the real reason they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they're supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they'd never formally studied French.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in archery.
Tom and Mary said that they were very determined to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they were going camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was getting hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they simply couldn't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like staying here.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really intend to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know anything about that.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't wait to see John again.
Tom and Mary said that their new jobs were very interesting.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't the first time they'd done that.
Tom and Mary said John was asleep by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary really don't want to tell John where they were.
Tom and Mary read books while they were waiting for the bus.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't be late anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't drink anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John why they did that.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John how they did that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is scared of them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is afraid of them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how much time they'll need.
Tom and Mary practice speaking French every chance they get.
Tom and Mary overslept and missed the bus they usually ride.
Tom and Mary often drank chocolate milk when they were kids.
Tom and Mary need to stay in bed if they want to recuperate.
Tom and Mary need to find an apartment near where they work.
Tom and Mary moved over so that John could sit next to them.
Tom and Mary might even be richer than we thought they were.
Tom and Mary may have said that, but I don't think they did.
Tom and Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind them.
Tom and Mary made it plain that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to help us.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to be here.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary live near us, but we don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary like to listen to music while they're studying.
Tom and Mary let John knows they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary left their suitcases in the trunk of their car.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Tom and Mary knew they weren't likely to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd be able to do that eventually.
Tom and Mary knew more about what happened than they let on.
Tom and Mary invited us to their party, but we're not going.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to the rest of the class.
Tom and Mary haven't yet realized that they've made mistake.
Tom and Mary have told John that they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary have told John that they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary have to do that even though they don't want to.
Tom and Mary have refused to do what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have promised that they'll never be late again.
Tom and Mary have no intention of going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary have finally done what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary have been waiting for John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary have been told that they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary have been told that they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary have been speaking French since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for three years.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they don't drive it very often.
Tom and Mary had to do that even though they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary had to admit to themselves that John was right.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary got their first chance to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary got back home sooner than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary gave away most of their money before they died.
Tom and Mary freaked out when they heard what John had done.
Tom and Mary entered the room and shut the door behind them.
Tom and Mary drank a lot of coffee so they could stay awake.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, but they have no choice.
Tom and Mary don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary don't think John really could do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be enjoying themselves very much.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be aware of what they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't seem convinced that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem convinced that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think that John did that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really think John could do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't like their friends.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they need to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're gotten themselves into.
Tom and Mary don't know what they did to make John so angry.
Tom and Mary don't know if they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have many photos of themselves as babies.
Tom and Mary don't have any idea what John wants them to do.
Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to stop doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't want to spend as much money as they did.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't want to come here, but they came anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't wake me up at 6:like I asked them to.
Tom and Mary didn't think they'd ever get used to Thai food.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone why they had gone to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wouldn't be at his party.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they didn't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to remember what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know who they needed to talk to.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware of what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't like sushi the first time they tried it.
Tom and Mary didn't learn how to do that from their parents.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they should do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they needed do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they had to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know when they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer needed to help John.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John expected them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they should wait for John.
Tom and Mary didn't have to go there if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't have to eat that if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that, but they did it anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't have bicycles when they were growing up.
Tom and Mary didn't have a dog the last time I visited them.
Tom and Mary didn't feel well, but they went to work anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as well as I thought they would.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as soon as I thought they would.
Tom and Mary didn't call John like they promised they would.
Tom and Mary did better today than they're ever done before.
Tom and Mary decided that they'd never try doing that again.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done that by themselves, I think.
Tom and Mary couldn't get the tickets you asked them to buy.
Tom and Mary could've stayed home today if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary could be planning on going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary confessed that they'd eaten all of the cookies.
Tom and Mary climbed up the ladder as quickly as they could.
Tom and Mary can't really be as rich as people say they are.
Tom and Mary can't really be as mean as people say they are.
Tom and Mary can't play tennis as well as they say they can.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. I hope John can help them.
Tom and Mary can't be in Boston. I just saw them in Chicago.
Tom and Mary can take a couple of weeks off if they need to.
Tom and Mary can speak French better than you think they do.
Tom and Mary called John every bad name they could think of.
Tom and Mary asked their father to help them make a snowman.
Tom and Mary asked me if I would help them move their piano.
Tom and Mary asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary asked John what they should bring to the party.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to play the flute.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them, but he didn't want to.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do that unless you help them.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning on doing that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't really going out in this rain, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at French as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are very sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are too young to go out by themselves at night.
Tom and Mary are the ones responsible for this, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are sure that they'll be able to pass the test.
Tom and Mary are struggling to pay back their student loans.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary are probably not as rich as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as busy as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get hurt if they do that.
Tom and Mary are pretty sure that they'll pass today's exam.
Tom and Mary are lucky that so many people have helped them.
Tom and Mary are happier than I've seen them in a long time.
Tom and Mary are going to try to convince John to help them.
Tom and Mary are going to love the present you got for them.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything they're asked to do.
Tom and Mary are going to be very sorry they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to be very happy they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be punished if they do that again.
Tom and Mary are going to be in their offices all afternoon.
Tom and Mary are going to be arrested if they do that again.
Tom and Mary are confident they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary already told me they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what we asked them not to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they promised not to do.
There's no way Tom and Mary will ever do that by themselves.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they had to do.
The reason Tom and Mary aren't here is because they're sick.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to get that done by 2:30.
Maybe you ought to let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they ought to do.
It's way past the time Tom and Mary promised they'd be here.
It was hard for Tom and Mary to admit that they needed help.
If Tom and Mary say that they want to do that, ask them why.
If Tom and Mary really had wanted to do that, they would've.
If Tom and Mary had really wanted to do that, they would've.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that by themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't be forgiven if they did that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will do anything John asks them to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did that while they were drunk.
I'll talk it over with Tom and Mary and see what they think.
I'll ask Tom and Mary if we can borrow some money from them.
I'd like to go to Tom and Mary's apartment and talk to them.
I would've hugged Tom and Mary if I'd thought they'd let me.
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about what they'd done.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really want us to do that for them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really thought they had to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really need us to do that for them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really knew they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did what they said they did.
I wish I'd done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom and Mary that they do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd help them do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they did that.
I wanted Tom and Mary to stay longer, but they had to leave.
I told Tom and Mary they had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they should speak to you in French.
I told Tom and Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary not to let go of the rope, but they did.
I told Tom and Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't enjoy camping by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't want to get married.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to do that.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary what they want to know.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I think one of us ought to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been here.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary went into the woods to kill themselves.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John that they did that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they really wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could be teachers if they wanted to be.
I saw Tom and Mary at the party, but I didn't speak to them.
I know Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they want.
I know Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I hope that Tom and Mary like the present I bought for them.
I hope Tom and Mary won't wait too long before they do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know they have to do that before Monday.
I hope Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they need.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them not to do.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John told them not to do.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary will do what we asked them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John doesn't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I think they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should do.
I don't think Tom and Mary could do that even if they tried.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up at 6:like they asked me to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would go to Boston by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary until John introduced them to me.
I couldn't help Tom and Mary do what they were trying to do.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to Boston with me.
How much time did it take Tom and Mary to clean their rooms?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary can still take care of themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary like the gifts I gave them?
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be in Boston all summer?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that by themselves?
Did you tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't be doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary really want John to go to Boston with them?
As soon as Tom and Mary finished eating, they left for work.
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what John said they did?
Are you going to give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
Are Tom and Mary wearing the new shirts you bought for them?
You should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that you want them to do that.
You should talk to Tom and Mary and tell them how you feel.
You gave Tom and Mary the money they asked for, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they had to do that, didn't you?
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me they couldn't speak French.
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they're planning to do?
When Tom and Mary get back, tell them to come to my office.
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they'd done that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were going to get here?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to take a break?
We're not entirely sure why Tom and Mary did what they did.
We simply can't just leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
We have no plans to replace Tom and Mary after they retire.
Tom's and Mary's doctors advised them to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for them.
Tom and Mary write everything down so they won't forget it.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they'd put my car keys.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't had to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do something like that by themselves.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be doing that if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've done that if they'd really wanted to.
Tom and Mary would be disappointed if they saw you do that.
Tom and Mary wondered why John didn't want to talk to them.
Tom and Mary wondered how much time they'd have to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to move the piano by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that unless you help them.
Tom and Mary woke up a little earlier than they usually do.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to quit doing that.
Tom and Mary wished that they knew John's telephone number.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to buy.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they'll never do that.
Tom and Mary will likely be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary will do that for you if you ask them politely.
Tom and Mary will be in prison for the rest of their lives.
Tom and Mary will ask John to do that for them, won't they?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary were wearing black hats when I first met them.
Tom and Mary were unwilling to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary were told not to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were sitting all by themselves at the counter.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary were pretty good singers when they were young.
Tom and Mary were having trouble, so I agreed to help them.
Tom and Mary were going to ask John to eat lunch with them.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary were fatter three years ago than they are now.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary were afraid to go into the cave by themselves.
Tom and Mary went back to their car to get their umbrellas.
Tom and Mary wanted to leave, but I persuaded them to stay.
Tom and Mary wanted to know if they can come over and play.
Tom and Mary wanted to explain, but John wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted the rest of the money that I owed them.
Tom and Mary wanted me to give them enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted John to know that they didn't hate him.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean out the garage.
Tom and Mary want to make sure that doesn't happen to them.
Tom and Mary want to know how they can lose weight quickly.
Tom and Mary usually watch CNN while they're eating dinner.
Tom and Mary used to play the piano when they were younger.
Tom and Mary used to play lacrosse, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary used to do that, but they don't do it anymore.
Tom and Mary used to do that when they were in high school.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to come to their party.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to go to the park with them.
Tom and Mary told us the reason why they didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary told me they'd studied French for three years.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they had an old computer I could have.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to spend time in jail.
Tom and Mary told me they already knew they had to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd drive John to the airport.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be upset.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be early.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be angry.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be alone.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was unemployed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was prejudiced.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was overweight.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was interested.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was frustrated.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was frightened.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was dependable.
Tom and Mary told me that they finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoy hanging out with John.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't want to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they could get us what we wanted.
Tom and Mary told John why they didn't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't let him go by himself.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John they thought it was time to go home.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd go to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they told Alice not to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't well.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't nice.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lost.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't home.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't done.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't cute.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't busy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unlucky.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unhappy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was thirsty.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was retired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was outside.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was married.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was healthy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was furious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was excited.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was at home.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was up.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might be coming down with a cold.
Tom and Mary thought John would likely come to their party.
Tom and Mary think there's a good chance they'll find John.
Tom and Mary tell me you're better at French than they are.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary still don't look like they're having much fun.
Tom and Mary started crying when their father spanked them.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of money on things they never use.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary shouldn't do that kind of thing by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary should tell John they want to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary should tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they've climbed this mountain three times.
Tom and Mary say they're going to need a little more money.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever they can to help John.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that whether it's legal or not.
Tom and Mary say they'll be sticking around for a few days.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary say they understand why John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think it would be foolish to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think Boston is a good place to live.
Tom and Mary say they never lie to John, but they often do.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk to John about something.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't pass his French test.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't permit John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they heard John was pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary say they have three other suggestions to make.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it's possible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking you to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we do that or not.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to swim.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to eat pizza.
Tom and Mary say it doesn't matter to them if John does that.
Tom and Mary say if John doesn't do that, they'll be angry.
Tom and Mary saw some guy they didn't know talking to John.
Tom and Mary saw John looking at them from across the room.
Tom and Mary said we could ask them any questions we liked.
Tom and Mary said they've only done that about three times.
Tom and Mary said they've always been interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said they're thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're planning to stay at home all day.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to visiting John.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to being retired.
Tom and Mary said they're glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for us if we ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary said they'd never go to that restaurant again.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do what I asked them to do.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they could've.
Tom and Mary said they won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't argued with John.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to be at John's party.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting any help from you.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to help them.
Tom and Mary said they were working on something important.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to figure something out.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were too drunk to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you'd do that.
Tom and Mary said they were present at yesterday's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they were going to allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to spend more time with John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see if they could do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see if John could do that.
Tom and Mary said they want to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help John.
Tom and Mary said they thought they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that they might be able win.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would unlikely do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would probably do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be in his office.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was too old to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John could probably do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think John won't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think John can't eat dairy products.
Tom and Mary said they think John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they remember asking John not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they regretted their decision to do that.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they need to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they might go to Boston in a week or two.
Tom and Mary said they may stay in Boston for a few months.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that the hard way.
Tom and Mary said they knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would be here today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would do that right away.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't be late again today.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries his best to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to ask John.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to force you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to help them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand why John did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that actually happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John knew how to drive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old John was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John went to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the strength to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the patience to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything they had to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea where John was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a driver's licenses yet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't blame John for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that really happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really did that.
Tom and Mary said they could swim at least as well as John.
Tom and Mary said they asked themselves that same question.
Tom and Mary said there's nothing they can do to help John.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd done that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they were very reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really anxious to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to give this to John.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was getting tired.
Tom and Mary said that they thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom and Mary said that they knew they weren't going to win.
Tom and Mary said that they knew John was going to be late.
Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't possibly eat any more.
Tom and Mary said that John was the one who told them that.
Tom and Mary said that John told them he'd never met Alice.
Tom and Mary said it was them who should help John do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that was easier than they expected.
Tom and Mary said John would likely go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was sick of doing that.
Tom and Mary said I should've asked them to do that for me.
Tom and Mary reminded their mother to wake them up at 6:30.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I told them they had to do.
Tom and Mary refused to believe that John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing more they could do.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd never come back here again.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom and Mary probably wish they'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is ignoring them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary probably didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't see John do what he did.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know what was happening.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know John was rich.
Tom and Mary persuaded John to go back to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary only eat vegetables that they grow themselves.
Tom and Mary noticed John the moment they entered the room.
Tom and Mary never have apologized for what they did to us.
Tom and Mary never clean their rooms unless I tell them to.
Tom and Mary must've traveled a lot when they were younger.
Tom and Mary make a lot of mistakes when they speak French.
Tom and Mary made fools of themselves in front of everyone.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they couldn't see anything.
Tom and Mary live near me, but I don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they did that.
Tom and Mary let John know they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary learned how to swim when they were very young.
Tom and Mary learned how to drive when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that from their grandfather.
Tom and Mary knew they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have anything to worry about.
Tom and Mary knew there wasn't much they could do about it.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do about it.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to get into trouble.
Tom and Mary knew John couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary kept working even though they were very tired.
Tom and Mary kept on walking even though they were in pain.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to everyone in the room.
Tom and Mary injured themselves when they tried to do that.
Tom and Mary hope that John will teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary have upset stomachs because they ate too much.
Tom and Mary have told me they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary have to do that before they can go home today.
Tom and Mary have something they need to discuss with John.
Tom and Mary have never apologized for what they did to us.
Tom and Mary have evidently made up their minds to do that.
Tom and Mary have enough money to do anything they want to.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they want.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary have done that more than they'd like to admit.
Tom and Mary have cars, but they don't use them very often.
Tom and Mary have been told they don't look like teenagers.
Tom and Mary have been doing that ever since they got home.
Tom and Mary have a list of people they want to talk to.
Tom and Mary had their chauffeur drive them to the theater.
Tom and Mary had their chauffeur drive John to the airport.
Tom and Mary had no intention of going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary had a rich uncle who left them a lot of money.
Tom and Mary got out of the water and dried themselves off.
Tom and Mary gave John the note I'd given them to give him.
Tom and Mary gave John exactly what he told them he needed.
Tom and Mary forgot to tell John what time they'd be there.
Tom and Mary finally noticed that John was staring at them.
Tom and Mary finally managed to persuade John to help them.
Tom and Mary finally managed to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary figured if John could do that, they could too.
Tom and Mary expected John to sit with them at the concert.
Tom and Mary eventually did everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary dropped out of college when they were juniors.
Tom and Mary don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John would permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will be doing that with them.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they're talking about.
Tom and Mary don't really want to do that with us, do they?
Tom and Mary don't need to read this if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't know why John and Alice don't like them.
Tom and Mary don't have to tell John if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary don't come to Boston as often as they used to.
Tom and Mary didn't think that anyone would recognize them.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell the stranger who they really were.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone what they were about to do.
Tom and Mary didn't pay me as much as they said they'd pay.
Tom and Mary didn't mention why they were looking for John.
Tom and Mary didn't mention where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were having a good time.
Tom and Mary didn't know why they'd been chosen to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they needed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know exactly what was expected of them.
Tom and Mary didn't have to tell me, but I'm glad they did.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to eat with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't act like they really wanted to be here.
Tom and Mary decided they were the ones who should do that.
Tom and Mary decided that they wanted to eat by themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them what was wrong.
Tom and Mary couldn't find anyone to give them a ride home.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what we were hoping they could do.
Tom and Mary couldn't do anything they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't decide what they should buy for John.
Tom and Mary couldn't afford to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary could've been scared, but they didn't show it.
Tom and Mary could think of no reason why they should stay.
Tom and Mary could sing quite well when they were children.
Tom and Mary could be planning on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary could be busy now, but I don't think they are.
Tom and Mary concealed the fact that they'd been in prison.
Tom and Mary claim they're able to take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary can't really see anything from where they are.
Tom and Mary can't do it alone. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can stay here a little longer if they want to.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be home for lunch.
Tom and Mary bet me thirty dollars that they could do that.
Tom and Mary assured us that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary assured John that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary asks me the same thing every time they see me.
Tom and Mary asked me whether they should help John or not.
Tom and Mary asked me not to park my car in their driveway.
Tom and Mary asked if they were really required to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to lend them three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to tell John they can't do that.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary aren't going to have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't going to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary aren't exactly sure what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as crazy as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that are too large for them.
Tom and Mary are wearing clothes that are too big for them.
Tom and Mary are upset because John has been ignoring them.
Tom and Mary are unable to decide who they should vote for.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what they need to do.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what they have to do.
Tom and Mary are still just as friendly as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are still determined to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are quite capable of looking after themselves.
Tom and Mary are probably not as old as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they're sorry.
Tom and Mary are positive they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are never going to admit that they were wrong.
Tom and Mary are going to try to convince you to help them.
Tom and Mary are going to get into trouble if they do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever they can to help you.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John said they should do.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way you told them to.
Tom and Mary are going to do that as soon as they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything you ask them to do.
Tom and Mary are going to be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to be very glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to ask John to do that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are from Boston, but now they live in Chicago.
Tom and Mary are doing something they've never done before.
Tom and Mary are better at French than they are at English.
Tom and Mary are actually on their way to Boston right now.
Tom and Mary are a little bit tired, so they won't do that.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what they said they'd do.
Tom and Mary allowed John to sit next to them on the bench.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't have any experience.
Tom and Mary admit they've been doing that for a long time.
Tom and John are very close to their girlfriends' families.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they didn't look too well.
Tell Tom and Mary they're going to have to work late today.
Tell Tom and Mary that if they're finished, they can leave.
Someone needs to tell Tom and Mary what's expected of them.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to get here early.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to bring anything.
Maybe Tom and Mary should quit before they hurt themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they've got to do that today.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they need to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they have to do.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary can handle that by themselves.
It's not necessary for Tom and Mary to go there themselves.
It's necessary for Tom and Mary to talk to John themselves.
It was easy for Tom and Mary to convince John to help them.
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to go there by themselves?
If you have a question for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be able take care of themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate what you've done for them.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
I'm going to tell Tom and Mary what I really think of them.
I wouldn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary did what they said they'd do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary asked John to eat lunch with them.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves anymore.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me they'd done that.
I was going to tell Tom and Mary what we expect them to do.
I told Tom and Mary that they should do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary I'd be willing to loan them some money.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do what they asked me to do.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to drive.
I told Tom and Mary I thought they were wasting their time.
I thought Tom and Mary would have all the time they needed.
I thought Tom and Mary might need to do that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary might have to do that by themselves.
I think we should ask Tom and Mary where they want to live.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John why they did that.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John how they did that.
I think Tom and Mary might get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know why we couldn't do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary could get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that today if they wanted to.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they had to go to Boston.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
I saw Tom and Mary a few minutes ago and they looked tired.
I promised Tom and Mary I'd listen to what they had to say.
I looked all over for Tom and Mary, but couldn't find them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary would ask John to eat dinner with them.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you told them not to do.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them not to do.
I forgot to ask Tom and Mary what you asked me to ask them.
I emailed Tom and Mary and told them I'd be busy next week.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do what you said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is scared of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is afraid of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're talking about.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would eat what I made for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be afraid, but they were.
I didn't show Tom and Mary the pictures they wanted to see.
I didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary needed to do that by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary why they did that the way they did it.
I asked Tom and Mary when they thought John would get here.
I asked Tom and Mary when they had started studying French.
I asked Tom and Mary what they thought was going to happen.
I asked Tom and Mary not to go there, but they went anyway.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go and they said no.
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned to stay with us?
How did Tom and Mary know they weren't supposed to do that?
How did Tom and Mary get you to help them clean the garage?
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they enjoy doing that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you remember what time Tom and Mary said they'd be here?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to drive them to the airport?
Do Tom and Mary really think John is younger than they are?
Did you ask Tom and Mary what they thought the problem was?
Did Tom and Mary tell you how long it took them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary actually do everything they said they did?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary that I need to see them?
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anybody to help them do that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do?
You asked Tom and Mary if they had to do that, didn't you?
Will Tom and Mary really be able to do that by themselves?
Why should Tom and Mary insist that John do that for them?
Why do you think Tom and Mary won't do that by themselves?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they had to do that?
Why didn't you give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
Who did Tom and Mary think would pay their bills for them?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted us to be there?
We should call Tom and Mary and see if they need any help.
We must make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary did what you told them not to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who gave them that envelope.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't drink the coffee John made for them.
Tom and Mary would've eaten more if they hadn't been sick.
Tom and Mary would sing another song if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary wondered if John was as nervous as they were.
Tom and Mary won't tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary won't talk to John and he won't talk to them.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary won't likely be as careful as they should be.
Tom and Mary won't have to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary won't be as busy tomorrow as they were today.
Tom and Mary won't be able to move the desk by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to lift that box by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what you want them to do.
Tom and Mary won't admit that they've done anything wrong.
Tom and Mary woke up a little eelier than they usually do.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't promised John they'd help.
Tom and Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary will be absent today because they have colds.
Tom and Mary weren't very hungry, so they didn't eat much.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised who showed up to meet them.
Tom and Mary weren't sure whether they should sing or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they'd ever see John again.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they had to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary were unable to wait any longer, so they left.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John doing that.
Tom and Mary were quite good-looking when they were young.
Tom and Mary were lucky they didn't get seriously injured.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that John helped them do that.
Tom and Mary were dancing by themselves on the back porch.
Tom and Mary were aware that everyone was looking at them.
Tom and Mary were able to solve the problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary were able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to follow in their father's footsteps.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary want me to give them money to buy harmonicas.
Tom and Mary walked into their rooms and closed the doors.
Tom and Mary usually read when they're waiting for people.
Tom and Mary turned off the light when they left the room.
Tom and Mary tried to tell John that they didn't like him.
Tom and Mary tried to help John, but he wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary tried to figure out the answer by themselves.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves, but couldn't.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them in front of the theater.
Tom and Mary told me they'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sure they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they were hoping to get into Harvard.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to do that that way.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't actually want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't remember what happened.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to buy new bicycles.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were determined to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be late.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was unmarried.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was skeptical.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was obnoxious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was miserable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was impressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was exhausted.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was dishonest.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was depressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was conceited.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was competent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been rude.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been hurt.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could do that.
Tom and Mary told me I was the one they wanted to talk to.
Tom and Mary told John the story that Alice had told them.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd decided not to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were finished doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he'd been unfair.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't fat.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was honest.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was boring.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was biased.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they had to leave before 2:30.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have enough money.
Tom and Mary told John that they believed what Alice said.
Tom and Mary told John about the jobs they'd been offered.
Tom and Mary thought they'd have all the time they needed.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary thought John would be upset if they did that.
Tom and Mary think John won't be awake when they get home.
Tom and Mary surprised all of us when they went to Boston.
Tom and Mary still say that they didn't do anything wrong.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they won't do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't found what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what you asked them to do.
Tom and Mary still drink, but not as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary still don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary stayed home from work because they were sick.
Tom and Mary speak French as if they were native speakers.
Tom and Mary sold the guitars that their father gave them.
Tom and Mary showed up early so they could get good seats.
Tom and Mary should've done that when they had the chance.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way you told them to.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way John showed them.
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary should tell John they want him to help Alice.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they can't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they can't do that.
Tom and Mary should do what their teacher told them to do.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary seemed convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they've always been interested in sports.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of everybody's complaining.
Tom and Mary say they're no longer interested in painting.
Tom and Mary say they won't leave until they talk to John.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they were in Boston the week before last.
Tom and Mary say they want to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they thought John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be stupid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they still remember the time we did that.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't ask them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom and Mary say they have something to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could ever do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will do that today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John is able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking me to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they aren't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to do that for free.
Tom and Mary say that they're too busy to help John today.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to do that this evening.
Tom and Mary say that they have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary say that they can't prove that John did that.
Tom and Mary say it doesn't matter to them if you do that.
Tom and Mary said you're a better guitarist than they are.
Tom and Mary said this will be the last time they do that.
Tom and Mary said they've only been to Boston three times.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to do that all week.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they've always been interested in music.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they're quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they were asked to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad that you did that for them.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John has finally graduated.
Tom and Mary said they'll ask John if he wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to keep John from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer that you not do that here.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd let me know if anything happened.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for us if we ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do anything for me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be happy to answer our questions.
Tom and Mary said they would've come if we'd invited them.
Tom and Mary said they wondered why John hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to be there.
Tom and Mary said they weren't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help you do that.
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were told to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they were looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could sing together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to permit us to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to catch the 2:train.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were expecting John any minute now.
Tom and Mary said they were enjoying themselves in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to take some pictures of us.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd forgotten something.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would happen tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John's suggestion was good.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't having any fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't good at French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was unhappy in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I should get more exercise.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was lonely.
Tom and Mary said they paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that before they left.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that last summer.
Tom and Mary said they knew they wouldn't be able do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John wouldn't be able do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they hope John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they haven't met any of John's brothers.
Tom and Mary said they had something to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to tell me.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to be back on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to be at their party.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary said they don't think that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John does that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't have very much money on them.
Tom and Mary said they don't care whether they win or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want you to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to play tennis with me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go skiing with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go drinking with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to be janitors anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what made them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how John would do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have everything they needed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to write with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom and Mary said they didn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what they should've done.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you really did that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't see themselves doing that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember where John lived.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to buy anything today.
Tom and Mary said their father told them never to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be glad to buy that for you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to be very late.
Tom and Mary said that they were very hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to talk to the manager.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was good-looking.
Tom and Mary said that they never expected that to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to talk to the manager.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really have to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said John would be going to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said John was happy that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said I shouldn't do that until they got back.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary realized there was no way they could do that.
Tom and Mary read magazines while they waited for the bus.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't be late again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd try to lose some weight.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd help him this afternoon.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't complain anymore.
Tom and Mary probably won't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably won't find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary probably thought I didn't know who they were.
Tom and Mary probably don't know who's going to help them.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know what was going on.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know anything about it.
Tom and Mary posted pictures of themselves on their blogs.
Tom and Mary phoned to say they'll be thirty minutes late.
Tom and Mary often read bedtime stories to their children.
Tom and Mary never told me that they were going to resign.
Tom and Mary never do anything that they don't want to do.
Tom and Mary need to find apartments near where they work.
Tom and Mary might not have done what people say they did.
Tom and Mary managed to get out of the pool by themselves.
Tom and Mary made up their minds to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary made themselves as comfortable as they could.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want me there.
Tom and Mary loved writing poems when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a hurry to get home.
Tom and Mary looked like they were getting ready to leave.
Tom and Mary listen to the radio whenever they're driving.
Tom and Mary like to read when they're waiting for people.
Tom and Mary let us know that they didn't mind doing that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they'd done that already.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary laughed when I told them about what happened.
Tom and Mary knew they were supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do to help.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be arrested.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to have any fun.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to buy a gift for John.
Tom and Mary knew that John wouldn't want to go with them.
Tom and Mary knew it was wrong to do what they were doing.
Tom and Mary kept working even though they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary invited me to their party, but I'm not going.
Tom and Mary initially said they weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to do that next October.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want us to buy.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told me yet why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't done everything they were told to do.
Tom and Mary have very few photos of themselves as babies.
Tom and Mary have no idea when John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary have no friends who are willing to help them.
Tom and Mary have never asked me to help them do anything.
Tom and Mary have finally found something they're good at.
Tom and Mary have done almost nothing we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have decided to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have decided to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been to your place before, haven't they?
Tom and Mary have been staying with their uncle in Boston.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston with their father.
Tom and Mary have asked John to drive them to the airport.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to buy.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they have to buy.
Tom and Mary have already spent all the money I gave them.
Tom and Mary have admitted that they stole John's bicycle.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they don't use it very often.
Tom and Mary hated John, but not as much as he hated them.
Tom and Mary had only themselves to blame for the failure.
Tom and Mary had no idea what John thought they should do.
Tom and Mary had fairly good jobs until they got laid off.
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they had to buy.
Tom and Mary got out of the pool and dried themselves off.
Tom and Mary go drinking with their friends every weekend.
Tom and Mary forgot to lock the front door when they left.
Tom and Mary fell asleep while they were watching a movie.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves at the dance last weekend.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of wine by themselves.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of milk by themselves.
Tom and Mary doubt that they'll be able get there on time.
Tom and Mary don't want to study French, but they have to.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that and I don't blame them.
Tom and Mary don't think they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary don't think John would allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think they can do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really think John can do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't play tennis as often as they'd like to.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't need to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't make as much money as they say they do.
Tom and Mary don't know when they're supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom and Mary don't know John, but they'd like to meet him.
Tom and Mary don't have to go there if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to eat this if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have as much free time as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't even know that what they did was wrong.
Tom and Mary don't deserve the salaries we're paying them.
Tom and Mary don't believe they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary died three days after they arrived in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't want to give John their phones number.
Tom and Mary didn't want the same thing to happen to them.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they were going to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they wanted me to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they didn't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John how much money they'd spent.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to really be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to like talking about themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't say who they were planning to go with.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything about why they were late.
Tom and Mary didn't really seem to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't really enjoy eating with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't realize they had to help John do that.
Tom and Mary didn't mention what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary didn't lose as much weight as they wanted to.
Tom and Mary didn't let their children go to John's party.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they were right or wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know for certain where they should go.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as well as I expected them to.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as quickly as they usually do.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to make John happy.
Tom and Mary did better this time than they did last time.
Tom and Mary couldn't persuade John to accept their gifts.
Tom and Mary couldn't borrow as much money as they needed.
Tom and Mary could've won if they'd tried a little harder.
Tom and Mary could've refused to do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary could've done better if they'd had more time.
Tom and Mary could swim a lot faster when they were young.
Tom and Mary could stay with us tonight if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary could never do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary convinced John to buy them expensive watches.
Tom and Mary claimed that they could run faster than John.
Tom and Mary certainly did everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary certainly appeared to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary carefully planned what they were going to do.
Tom and Mary can't play the piano as well as they used to.
Tom and Mary can tell me what happened when they get here.
Tom and Mary can come over to my place whenever they want.
Tom and Mary called the office to say that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary bragged about how well they could play chess.
Tom and Mary begged their father to buy them new bicycles.
Tom and Mary began writing poetry when they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary assured John that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary asked me to give them enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary asked me if they could borrow thirty dollars.
Tom and Mary asked John where they should park their cars.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to do the waltz.
Tom and Mary asked John the same question they'd asked me.
Tom and Mary asked John if he could give them a ride home.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do what we want them to do.
Tom and Mary aren't the kind of people you think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as poor as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as crazy as everybody thinks they are.
Tom and Mary are younger than you probably think they are.
Tom and Mary are willing to help us tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that're too large for them.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to tell them what to do.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are trying to do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary are too young to go to the zoo by themselves.
Tom and Mary are stronger than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are still living on Park Street, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are smarter than you probably think they are.
Tom and Mary are saving money so they can go to Australia.
Tom and Mary are saving money so they can buy motorcycles.
Tom and Mary are probably not as rich as they claim to be.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they're busy.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be safe where they are.
Tom and Mary are probably able to take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are planning to be at the party, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are lucky that they're still able to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely going to lose everything they own.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do it all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to get fired if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever you tell them to do.
Tom and Mary are going to build a wall around their house.
Tom and Mary are going to be in their offices all morning.
Tom and Mary are going to be exhausted when they get home.
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary are doing exactly what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are afraid to go out after dark, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are afraid that the police might arrest them.
Tom and Mary already know that John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't want to do that anymore.
The reason Tom and Mary got sick was because they overate.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary, they were on stretchers.
Tell Tom and Mary we're going to meet them at the airport.
Tell Tom and Mary I grew up in Boston, just like they did.
I think we should all be worried a little bit about the way Tom and Mary have been acting lately.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that before 2:30.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom and Mary are easy to get along with.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that before 2:30.
Tom and Mary usually fast about hours a day, from dinner until the following day's lunch.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that today.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they're required to do that.
What proof do you have that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your mother's necklace?
Please tell Tom and Mary I'll pick them up at the station.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy tickets.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary are working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that here.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my motorcycle.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they should do.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
Let's hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you think they did.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with.
It looks like Tom and Mary are really enjoying themselves.
I think I've figured out why Tom and Mary have never learned to speak French so well.
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Before the crash, Tom and Mary had been hoping to become professional tennis players.
If you have questions for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can tell us what we need to know.
If Tom and Mary were angry before, they'll be furious now.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary are planning to be here tomorrow.
If Tom and Mary mess up again, they're going to get fired.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom and Mary were involved in the robbery.
I've given Tom and Mary everything they've ever asked for.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who had eaten your sandwiches?
I'm sure Tom and Mary will tell us if they need something.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't know how to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did what we asked them to do.
I was just wondering if Tom and Mary have ever been over to your house for dinner.
I'm certain Tom and Mary will do what they say they'll do.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom and Mary are able to go to college.
I'll text Tom and Mary and see if they want to go with us.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were going to do that with.
I'll tell Tom and Mary they've got nothing to worry about.
I just happened to be in Boston at the same hotel where Tom and Mary were staying.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't want John at their party.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who would do that kind of thing.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to stay and take care of the children.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really regret what they did.
I can't believe Tom and Mary really don't want to go to Boston with us next week.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
You knew that Tom and Mary were very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they needed to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary were probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wish that Tom and Mary would tell me where they've been.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who broke into your house?
I wasn't sure what Tom and Mary wanted me to buy for them.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary were the people who contributed most of the money.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to help me, but they wouldn't.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom and Mary never seem to understand.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go out after dark.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom and Mary don't get home before 2:30.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to see them again.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I told Tom and Mary I couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
I thought Tom and Mary would figure it out for themselves.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know how much you bought your house for.
I thought Tom and Mary would be shocked, but they weren't.
The only restaurant that Tom and Mary really like is the one across the street.
I thought Tom and Mary would be at home, but they weren't.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have never done anything like that before.
I thought Tom and Mary were wasting their time doing that.
We all knew Tom and Mary were in trouble, but none of us did anything to help.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said he didn't believe John actually did his homework by himself.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I thought Tom and Mary said they liked this kind of music.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't want to do that.
I think you should let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't need to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about what they did.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary will be exhausted when they get home.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who started the fire.
I think Tom and Mary might get in trouble if they do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't pressuring you to do anything you don't want to do.
I think Tom and Mary could do better if they tried harder.
I heard that Tom and Mary were working late last night with you. Is that true?
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that kind of thing.
I talked to Tom and Mary today about what they plan to do.
You didn't realize Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
I should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
I should tell Tom and Mary I won't go to Boston with them.
I thought you'd like to know that Tom and Mary were absent from school today.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what we told them not to do.
I should've known something was wrong when Tom and Mary weren't here by 2:30.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom and Mary were getting ready for school.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they're working.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who were going to sing tonight.
I don't think Tom and Mary ride their motorcycles anymore.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who helped you paint the fence.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is ignoring them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning to attend today's meeting?
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're going to be fired.
According to this report, Tom and Mary were the ones who caused the accident.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how John feels about them.
You knew Tom and Mary were going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go there by themselves.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to help me do that, did you?
I didn't want Tom and Mary to leave, but they left anyway.
We'll should wait and see what Tom and Mary think before we make a decision.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be drunk, but they were.
We plan to do what Tom and Mary suggest, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
I didn't really think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
We only just found out ourselves that Tom and Mary weren't planning to come.
I didn't give Tom and Mary the information they requested.
The problem is that Tom and Mary have no alibis for the night of the murder.
I can't find Tom and Mary. I think they must've gone home.
The apartment building Tom and Mary are living in was built three years ago.
How often do Tom and Mary wear that scarves you gave them?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who know how to do that.
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd been studying French?
I find it hard to believe that Tom and Mary were involved in the kidnapping.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they like doing that?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you how they broke their legs?
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary aren't the ones who have the final say on this.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're wearing sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have a birthday party for John on Monday.
Eventually, Tom and Mary will realize that they need help.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the weather.
Even though Tom and Mary had bad colds, they went to work.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the ones responsible for doing that.
Do Tom and Mary still go bowling as often as they used to?
I think Tom and Mary are the people who should be doing this instead of me.
Do Tom and Mary really think John enjoys eating with them?
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who had to go to the hospital.
Did you know Tom and Mary before they came to work for us?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who made these sandwiches?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they were having money problems?
Everyone thought that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston this weekend.
Did Tom and Mary say it was necessary for them to do that?
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted you to do?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Could you please tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
Could Tom and Mary really be as busy as they say they are?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary don't want to play basketball with us?
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anyone to help them do that.
The police believe that Tom and Mary were involved in last week's robbery.
All of Tom and Mary's friends thought that they were rich.
It looks like Tom and Mary are beginning to worry about what might happen.
You'd think they'd tell Tom and Mary what they should do.
If Tom and Mary don't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
You told Tom and Mary that they were adopted, didn't you?
I'm still not convinced that Tom and Mary are the best people for the job.
You should've told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are feeling better today than yesterday.
You should've let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are looking for something, but I don't know what.
You should tell Tom and Mary that John doesn't like them.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to play tennis with us this afternoon.
You should just let Tom and Mary cry themselves to sleep.
I forgot to tell you that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner tonight.
You asked Tom and Mary if they could do that, didn't you?
I forgot Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the guitar.
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
I can't count the number of times Tom and Mary have complained about that.
Would you just tell Tom and Mary what they did was wrong?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston next weekend?
Why would Tom and Mary insist that John do that for them?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were planning to attend today's meeting?
Why don't you just tell Tom and Mary you don't like them?
Why don't you go back to the hospital and see how Tom and Mary are doing?
Why don't you just tell Tom and Mary you don't like them.
When we go to a restaurant, I never order the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to do that for them?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
When do you think Tom and Mary will want us to help them?
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do what he's been asked to do.
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they smiled.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the smell.
When Tom and Mary found out the truth, they were furious.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the noise.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still teenagers.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
What're Tom and Mary going to do when they finish school?
It's possible that Tom and Mary don't realize how serious the problem is.
What did Tom and Mary say they were going to do tomorrow?
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones working here who can speak French.
We're not going to leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that without our help.
We need to stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything about what happened.
We know Tom and Mary will do whatever we tell them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want to go sailing with us next week.
We hope Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
I didn't want to admit that Tom and Mary were right and that I was wrong.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they wanted to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary aren't planning to attend today's meeting?
Tom and Mary wouldn't like it if they knew you were here.
You knew that Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let their own children do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary would've done that already if they knew how.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
Tom and Mary would've done that already if they could've.
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with you?
Tom and Mary would stop doing that if John asked them to.
We have to get that document back before Tom and Mary show it to anyone.
Tom and Mary would make John very happy if they did that.
Tom and Mary are trying hard to finish doing that by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary would just like to know what they did wrong.
Tom and Mary are going to have a birthday party for John Monday evening.
Tom and Mary would do that for John if he wanted them to.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the heat.
Tom and Mary wondered if they should tell John the truth.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the food.
Tom and Mary won't stay here as long you think they will.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the cold.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they have to do.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they want to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely enjoy doing that by themselves.
The only ones here who are afraid to go bungee jumping are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't get there on time if they don't hurry.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what we want them to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that while they're sick.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary wished that they had enough money to retire.
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary wished that John would tell them what to do.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that without help.
Tom and Mary will unlikely want to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
Tom and Mary will unlikely need to do that by themselves.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom and Mary were having problems.
Tom and Mary will unlikely have to do that by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary planned to spend so much time on that project.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they don't like him.
Tom and Mary will probably be starved when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for this particular job.
Tom and Mary will probably be forgiven for what they did.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary will pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be at the party last week.
Tom and Mary will never be able to do that by themselves.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were the ones who were supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary will have to take better care of themselves.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary will ask John to do that for us, won't they?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary weren't able to take care of their children.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom and Mary weren't able to move the desk by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to need a little more time to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to fix their car by themselves.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what we asked them to do.
If you want me to, I'll stay here with you until Tom and Mary get back.
Tom and Mary were upset when they saw John kissing Alice.
I want to find out when Tom and Mary are planning to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John in Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be able to meet me at the airport.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what John did.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary were scared to go in the cave by themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to eat dinner with us this evening.
Tom and Mary were reading books the last time I saw them.
I hear Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the cello.
Tom and Mary were probably very tired when they got home.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who like mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary were living in Boston when I first met them.
I didn't notice whether Tom and Mary were wearing wedding rings or not.
Tom and Mary were late because their cars ran out of gas.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could go sailing with John.
I can't help feeling that Tom and Mary haven't told me the whole truth.
Tom and Mary were getting ready to leave when I saw them.
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary were fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner this evening.
Tom and Mary were eating apples the last time I saw them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston this week?
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might lose everything.
Are Tom and Mary seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Tom and Mary were a bit surprised by what John told them.
"Tom and Mary have been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
Tom and Mary went to the hospital because they were sick.
You still have no idea why Tom and Mary don't want to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary went to Boston, but they didn't go by plane.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but they weren't able to.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that today, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but they didn't know how.
You knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but I begged them not to.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted me to tell you they can't come today.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to wait for them at the library.
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom and Mary like it, too.
Tom and Mary want to know if they can come over and play.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary want to help, but they say they're too busy.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary want to buy a car, but they can't afford to.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom and Mary used to play tennis, but they don't anymore.
Unfortunately, I believed all the lies that Tom and Mary were telling.
Tom and Mary used to like John. Now they can't stand him.
Perhaps the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary understand French better than they speak it.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to sell them his car.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tried to convince John that they were right.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tricked John into doing their work for them.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary don't understand French very well.
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't come back before 2:30.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to communicate in French.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom and Mary come or not.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never tell anyone about that.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom and Mary are doing right now.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that by themselves.
I was just told that Tom and Mary were involved in a traffic accident.
Tom and Mary told me they were just trying to be helpful.
I suggest we first find out if Tom and Mary are interested in the job.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to visit John in Boston.
I have to make certain Tom and Mary know what time the concert starts.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to learn how to do that.
I don't want to go to the party if Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to go mountain climbing.
I don't think there's any need for Tom and Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom and Mary told me they usually eat breakfast at seven.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary told me they needed some time to themselves.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are going to be home this afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me they had nothing to look forward to.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are capable of doing something like that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't sleep at all last night.
How much money do you think people like Tom and Mary spend each month?
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't do that by themselves.
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they've decided not to do that.
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they've already read that book.
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they're never coming back here.
How come you didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never go back to Boston.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston all week?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd go to Boston in October.
You should know by now that Tom and Mary aren't very good at singing.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that tomorrow.
You seemed to be surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't feeling very good.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that today, did you?
Tom and Mary told me that they were reluctant to do that.
When I left the house this morning, Tom and Mary were still sleeping.
Tom and Mary told me that they were desperate to do that.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to teach me French.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom and Mary get out of the hospital.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John actually did his homework by himself.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be mad.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be able to do that without John's help.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was talented.
Tom and Mary are working hard to get the project finished by October.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was reliable.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what caused the accident.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was prepared.
Tom and Mary are going to need a few more hours to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was innocent.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was homesick.
The children didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was homeless.
Police believe that Tom and Mary were somehow involved in the murder.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was divorced.
Maybe the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was confused.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't think John did that.
It's easy to understand why Tom and Mary weren't allowed to go there.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't want to go with us.
I'm beginning to worry that Tom and Mary are in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't see anyone come in.
I wonder how Tom and Mary do that all the time without getting bored.
Tom and Mary told me it was too hard for them to do that.
I was cleaning the house while Tom and Mary were cleaning the garage.
Tom and Mary told John why they couldn't go to his party.
I think there's a possibility that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't mind if he did that.
I think Tom and Mary have already told us everything we need to know.
Tom and Mary told John they were almost ready to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want to see him again.
I had a hard time understanding what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd seen Alice in October.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in learning how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him wash his car.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be willing to do that.
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't sure what to do.
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your saxophone?
Tom and Mary told John that they were through doing that.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary told John that they were tempted to do that.
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been studying French?
Tom and Mary told John that they were obliged to do that.
Do Tom and Mary always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he was handsome.
Aren't you the least bit interested in what Tom and Mary have to say?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was upset.
You know that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was tired.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary aren't very good singers.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was right.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was ready.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was pushy.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drive?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lucky.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drink?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was funny.
What do you think of the way Tom and Mary have been behaving lately?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was drunk.
We'll probably never be in Boston at the same time Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was crazy.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what caused the problem.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was broke.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was brave.
The only website Tom and Mary visit at least once a day is this one.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was bossy.
The only ones who can tell us what we need to know are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was bored.
Maybe the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was awake.
Maybe the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was angry.
Maybe the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was alone.
Maybe the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was alive.
It's not only Tom and Mary that have to study. I have to study, too.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't enjoy doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't have plans for next weekend.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to have a good time.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were able to see you while you were in Boston.
Tom and Mary thought John was hiding something from them.
I won't go to tonight's party if Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary thought John knew how much they hated opera.
I wasn't scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary were scared of me.
Tom and Mary studied hard so they could get into college.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were in the hospital all last week.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what we asked them to do.
I think we need to find out why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they want to buy.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they need to buy.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they have to buy.
I think Tom and Mary were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom and Mary still don't think John can do that, do they?
I know Tom and Mary are going to the hospital, but I don't know why.
Tom and Mary speak French better than they speak English.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Tom and Mary showed John some pictures of their hometown.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the type of people who would do that.
Tom and Mary showed John several pictures of their house.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you French.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have gone to Boston by themselves.
Do you think there's a chance that Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary should've waited for us to do that for them.
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that kind of car?
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that on their own.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't do that anymore.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to be in Boston next October?
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't be at his party.
Did you really think that was what Tom and Mary were planning to do?
Tom and Mary should tell John they don't like their jobs.
As far as we can tell, Tom and Mary weren't involved in the robbery.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're tired.
You're the only other person who knows why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary seldom do what they say they're going to do.
You know that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary seemed to know what they were talking about.
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary seemed to know exactly what they were doing.
You haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have, have you?
Tom and Mary seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
You don't really care whether Tom and Mary like you or not, do you?
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they do this.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they do that.
Were Tom and Mary really telling the truth about how that happened?
Tom and Mary say they're too old to start doing that now.
Tom and Mary knew that John would be drunk by the time he got home.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about moving to Boston.
This is the third time this month that Tom and Mary have been late.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on doing that tomorrow.
The only ones here who want to go camping with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on attending our party.
The only ones here who don't feel like doing that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not do that by themselves.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they'd be willing to loan us some money.
It's not the first time Tom and Mary have done something like that.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that unless you help them.
It's hard to believe that Tom and Mary really want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they thought John had already done that.
It was pretty obvious that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say they think it's not possible to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were caught stealing from little kids?
Tom and Mary say they think it isn't possible to do that.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they never feel like doing that anymore.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones we should send to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they know John wanted to move to Boston.
I thought you'd be interested to know that Tom and Mary found jobs.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who has to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to go to Boston in the near future.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can take care of himself.
I hope Tom and Mary weren't the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John for three months.
I hope Tom and Mary stay in Boston for at least another three days.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea what needs to be done.
I guess after that many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to do that later today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my bicycle.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to sing with us anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the people you should be talking to.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go to Boston with us.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were going to be in the afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that today.
I could never afford to buy the kind of house Tom and Mary live in.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John wanted to do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting this afternoon?
Tom and Mary say they don't think John needed to do that.
Do we have enough time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John went to Boston.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston all week?
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John has to do that.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom and Mary haven't stopped doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have to do that.
You've got to make sure Tom and Mary aren't late for school again.
Tom and Mary say they don't intend to ever do that again.
You should've told me Tom and Mary weren't planning to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really did that.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know they needed to do that.
You have no idea where Tom and Mary plan to go to college, do you?
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to do that.
You didn't think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John needed to do that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John really did that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that today, did you?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to the party?
Tom and Mary say they aren't going to eat anything today.
What time do Tom and Mary think we should get up tomorrow morning?
Tom and Mary say that they'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are going to be late again?
Tom and Mary say that they have to go to Boston tomorrow.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom and Mary couldn't get visas.
Tom and Mary say that someday they'll be able to do that.
We want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary saw something in the woods that scared them.
We have evidence to suggest that maybe Tom and Mary were involved.
Tom and Mary sang a lot better than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said your snoring kept them awake all night.
Tom and Mary are students at the university where I used to teach.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to do that all day.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are pretty happy with the way things have turned out.
Tom and Mary said they're really sorry for what happened.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they could do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can swim.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John needs to do that.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary are here in the park somewhere.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to seeing John.
The school Tom and Mary go to is looking for a new French teacher.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they were able to do that.
The only ones here who don't want to go kayaking are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they're faster at doing that than John.
The only ones here who are willing to go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they're determined to do that for John.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're better at doing that than John.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they'll stay where they are until 2:30.
It's been more than a year since Tom and Mary have visited Boston.
Tom and Mary said they'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
It's already 2:and Tom and Mary haven't come yet. I wonder why.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go to Boston with us.
It would be best if you did everything Tom and Mary ask you to do.
Tom and Mary said they'd never consider doing that alone.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have no intention of doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd finish doing that by themselves.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston or not.
Tom and Mary said they'd do their homework by themselves.
I'm not scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary are scared of me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to try something new.
I'll do whatever has to be done to make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to try anything once.
I'd be very surprised if Tom and Mary aren't at the party tonight.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to help John do that.
I wonder how Tom and Mary were able to fool everybody for so long.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to eat lunch with them.
I wasn't really paying attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that by alone.
I think we should try doing the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind doing that for John.
I think we need to find out who Tom and Mary plan to give that to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let them do that anymore.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do that today.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that again.
I now finally understand what Tom and Mary were trying to tell me.
Tom and Mary said they wished to speak to you themselves.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't yelled at John.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't let John drive.
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how long it'll take to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to take that risk.
I don't think I understand why Tom and Mary are trying to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to do that for us.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom and Mary have already washed it.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of weather.
I don't have to wash the car. Tom and Mary have already washed it.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to let John do that.
I don't have the faintest idea what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to do that.
I didn't think I should do what Tom and Mary were asking me to do.
Tom and Mary said they were worried about their daughter.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help John do that.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston with.
Tom and Mary said they were too drunk to help me do that.
How much longer do you think it'll be until Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could eat together.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they were having a good time in Boston.
From what I've heard, I think Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to do that.
During hay fever season, Tom and Mary usually try to stay indoors.
Tom and Mary said they were going to allow us to do that.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom and Mary are than you are.
Tom and Mary said they were desperate to find a solution.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary have several very valuable paintings?
Tom and Mary said they were concerned about that problem.
A lot of people say Tom and Mary are the best players on our team.
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that anymore.
You think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn more about Boston.
You know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be the one who did that.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be electrical engineers.
You had no idea when Tom and Mary were going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to do that by himself.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they want to spend more time with John.
What makes you think Tom and Mary are still high school students?
Tom and Mary said they understood what needed to be done.
What Tom and Mary have suggested is perhaps the easiest solution.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us.
We really thought Tom and Mary were going to stay for a few days.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary work at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that for me.
Tom and Mary still study French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was Alice's son.
Tom and Mary have been living on a boat for the past three years.
Tom and Mary said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom and Mary have been dealing with some very difficult problems.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was tired.
Tom and Mary don't know who's living in the house next to theirs.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was bored.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out a way to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary said they suspected that John would do that.
Tom and Mary are probably the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have a birthday party for John.
Tom and Mary said they should've done that by themselves.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever sung with our band.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that anymore.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they planned to stay until next Monday.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they paid thirty dollars for this book.
The only ones here who know how to speak French are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed to find another babysitter.
The only ones here who are reluctant to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
The house where Tom and Mary live is in the old part of the city.
Tom and Mary said they like pizza that way John makes it.
The girl over there waiting for Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
Tom and Mary said they left a few minutes after John did.
Something about the situation made Tom and Mary feel very uneasy.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that in October.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Maybe the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they didn't need to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that now isn't the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they didn't have to do that.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to talk about what happened.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't do that again.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John didn't need to do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were interested in what was going on.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John didn't have to do that.
Is there any chance that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't let Alice do that.
I've heard about the problems that Tom and Mary have been having.
Tom and Mary said they figured they'd be able to do that.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that if Tom and Mary don't.
Tom and Mary said they expect to be doing that on Monday.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just hungry as the rest of us are.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needs to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John wants to go.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can't do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't know any of John's children.
I wonder why Tom and Mary need to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they don't have enough time to do that.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't even want to think about it.
I was hoping you might be able to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to school today.
I thought for a moment Tom and Mary were going to start laughing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go camping with us.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask someone else to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask everyone not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that after dark.
I think we should wait until Tom and Mary get here before we eat.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that really happened.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really did that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that right away.
I suppose you already know that Tom and Mary don't want you here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like the way John did that.
I should've paid more attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they ought to do.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John ought to do.
I heard yesterday that Tom and Mary were in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to swim very well.
I guess after so many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I've never done that before.
Tom and Mary said they didn't invite John to their party.
I don't think I'll be able to do what Tom and Mary want me to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that right away.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are younger or older than I am.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to help us today.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to eat right now.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go swimming with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that today.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were going to make for breakfast.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the energy to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have permission to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have experience doing that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have driver's licenses yet.
Do Tom and Mary still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea who did that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any desire to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that today.
Am I the only one worried that Tom and Mary are going to be late?
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that again.
You'd be surprised how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said they didn't ever want to do that again.
You know that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what John said they did.
You know that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John could do that.
You know Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that today, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they did that as quickly as they could.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't provide any more details.
What makes you think Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't keep John for doing that.
We can't keep pretending that Tom and Mary don't have a problem.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said that John looked like he was enjoying himself.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to John's party tonight.
Tom and Mary have convinced John to stay for another three days.
Tom and Mary said they I thought I should do that myself.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on doing that with.
Tom and Mary said there's nothing they can do about that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John could do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said the beach was nicer than they expected.
Tom and Mary are trying to do something that's impossible to do.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be glad to do that for you.
Tom and Mary are still trying to convince John to go to college.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't motivated to do that.
This is the book that Tom and Mary were talking about yesterday.
Tom and Mary said that they were very willing to do that.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they were very tempted to do that.
The price tags are still on the shirts Tom and Mary are wearing.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad they did that.
The only thing Tom and Mary like to do after dinner is watch TV.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad John did that.
The only ones here who don't regret doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they were very anxious to do that.
The only ones here who can probably go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they were really eager to do that.
The doctor told us that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that they did that.
That tall building across the street is where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that John did that.
Sometimes it's hard to tell when Tom and Mary are being serious.
Tom and Mary said that they told John to do his homework.
Perhaps the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to get some fresh air.
Perhaps the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they had everything under control.
Perhaps the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat very much.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anyone about what happened.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't sleep well last night.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know where John lived.
It's amazing how much trouble Tom and Mary are able to get into.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't expect that to happen.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't do that by themselves.
Isn't there a chance that Tom and Mary are doing that right now?
Tom and Mary said John wasn't going to do that with them.
I've always said Tom and Mary are excellent judges of character.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was ready to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary regret telling John their telephone numbers.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that they'd made a mistake.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary get paid a lot more than I do.
Tom and Mary realized they no longer needed to help John.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are planning to be here today.
Tom and Mary realized they could be making a big mistake.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary are being blamed for the accident.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't do that anymore.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones I need to worry about.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't be late anymore.
I want to live in the same neighborhood where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that, but they didn't.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here for three weeks.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't come here anymore.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't do that anymore.
I think Tom and Mary share too much personal information online.
Tom and Mary probably won't be hungry when they get here.
I think Tom and Mary aren't likely to go to Boston anytime soon.
Tom and Mary probably should do that as soon as they can.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who aren't drinking.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they did was wrong.
I hate to tell you this, but Tom and Mary don't really like you.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how they should do that.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to help us do that.
Tom and Mary pretended that they were having a good time.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary posted pictures of themselves on their blog.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what the homework assignment is.
Tom and Mary played basketball when they were in college.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary overheard John and Alice talking about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have gotten around to doing that yet.
Tom and Mary never should've let John out of their sight.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that.
Tom and Mary never said anything about where they'd been.
I don't think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary never got the chance to eat lunch, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are feeling very well this afternoon.
Tom and Mary need to go back home to get their passports.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary must've had a good reason for what they did.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were going to have to leave early.
Tom and Mary must be busier now than they were last year.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go fishing with.
Tom and Mary might've waited longer if you'd called them.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go camping with.
Tom and Mary might've left their umbrellas in John's car.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were still high school students.
Tom and Mary might run into John while they're in Boston.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were in Boston the same time we were.
Tom and Mary might not be as smart as you think they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary might not be as happy as you think they are.
I can't think of anyone who hates you more than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary may come and visit me any time they want to.
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary made up their minds to try doing that again.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary made up their mind to do that by themselves.
Everything's going to be great as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want me here.
Do you think you could do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary looked very tired when I saw them yesterday.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that?
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a hurry to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are already through doing that?
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to start crying.
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary looked like they were determined to do that.
Do what Tom and Mary tell you to do and everything will be fine.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they didn't see anything.
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning to go swimming tomorrow?
Tom and Mary look like they're amused by what's going on.
Are you still convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary let me know that they were going to do that.
Are you saying Tom and Mary are the ones who stole your bicycle?
All three of us thought Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they'd already done that.
All I know is that Tom and Mary are supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary know they're wrong, but they won't admit it.
You're the only one who seem to know why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary know they'll never be able to do that again.
You'd be amazed how much time Tom and Mary spend playing games.
Tom and Mary know John better than they know anyone else.
You seemed surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew why John didn't want them at his party.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary knew they weren't going to win the argument.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary knew they were the best players on the team.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to do that?
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't tell John, but they did.
What were you guys doing while Tom and Mary were chopping wood?
Tom and Mary knew they should wait, but they left anyway.
We just have to make sure Tom and Mary are planning to be here.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be elected.
Tom and Mary tucked John into bed and read him a bedtime story.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to need some help.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on giving that to.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to buy gifts for John.
Tom and Mary don't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't reach the top shelf.
Tom and Mary are in the parking lot right now, waiting for you.
Tom and Mary just called me to tell me that they're lost.
Tom and Mary are hoping to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom and Mary invited John over to their place for dinner.
Tom and Mary are going to need a few more hours to finish this.
Tom and Mary insisted they weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to make some very tough choices.
Tom and Mary heard a noise behind them and turned around.
Tom and Mary are going to have a lot more questions than we do.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want us to do.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever wanted to live is Boston.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they didn't do that.
The only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me who helped them do that.
The only ones here who aren't able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't yet paid back the money they owe me.
The only ones here who are willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they're supposed to do.
That medicine didn't seem to make Tom and Mary feel any better.
Tom and Mary haven't done as much as you think they have.
Tell me again where Tom and Mary are planning to go to college.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning on doing that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary don't really understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary have told me they'll study French next year.
Perhaps you should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Tom and Mary have just been told that they've been fired.
On this matter, I feel exactly the same as way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that if they want to.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary are only thirteen years old.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy whatever they want.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't try to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy whatever they need.
It's been three years since Tom and Mary have been to visit us.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy anything they want.
It was hard to figure out what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary have been told not to do that by themselves.
Isn't it possible that Tom and Mary were the ones who did this?
Tom and Mary have asked John to show them how to do that.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary have always been able to get what they want.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been to Boston several times.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they have to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John they want to do that.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my bicycle.
Tom and Mary hate John, but not as much as he hates them.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary hardly ever do what you'd expect them to do.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary had no idea why John wanted them to do that.
I'd be willing to do almost anything Tom and Mary ask me to do.
Tom and Mary had difficulty convincing John to help them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary found the key that they thought they'd lost.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do with all that money.
Tom and Mary found jobs not too far from where they live.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes that Tom and Mary wear.
Tom and Mary expect all three of us to do that with them.
I want to know how much time Tom and Mary have spent in Boston.
Tom and Mary drove to the hospital as fast as they could.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't interested in mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary don't want to admit how much they miss John.
I think the books Tom and Mary are reading must be interesting.
Tom and Mary don't want John to go anywhere without them.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't understand what you expect them to do.
I stopped caring about what Tom and Mary think a long time ago.
I just happened to be there at the same time Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary were traveling with you in Australia.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be permitted to do that.
I have the feeling that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will allow them to do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think that I did that, do they?
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to do that for us.
Tom and Mary don't really believe that nonsense, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary were particularly pleased to see me.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that if they don't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're enjoying themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how long the meeting will last.
Tom and Mary don't know who they should ask to help them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to study French next year.
Tom and Mary don't know they'll never be able to do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going to be this afternoon.
Tom and Mary don't know how to explain how they did that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were capable of doing such a thing.
Tom and Mary don't have to help us if they don't want to.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were such close friends of yours.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that if they don't want to.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary don't have John to do that for them anymore.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go hiking with.
Tom and Mary don't carry much with them when they travel.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston with.
Tom and Mary don't care what other people say about them.
I didn't know that I was supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary do the dishes as soon as they finish eating.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary do that the way John taught them to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that again.
Tom and Mary didn't want to call attention to themselves.
I could tell right away that Tom and Mary weren't feeling well.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would come to their party.
I can't believe this is what Tom and Mary really want us to do.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me whether or not they did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary really don't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they wanted to be scientists.
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they didn't know how to swim.
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they wanted to do that.
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they needed more money.
How did you figure out Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were going to do that.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they couldn't speak French.
Don't you remember how bad Tom and Mary are at speaking French?
Tom and Mary didn't seem to remember what they had to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen?
Tom and Mary didn't say when they were planning to leave.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Tom and Mary didn't say how many times they'd been there.
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been in Boston?
Tom and Mary didn't really want to help us, but they did.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
Tom and Mary didn't really mean what they said, did they?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are extremely gifted artists?
Tom and Mary didn't often do that when they were younger.
Did you know Tom and Mary have several very valuable paintings?
Tom and Mary didn't notice that they were being followed.
Are you saying Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window?
Tom and Mary didn't notice that John was staring at them.
Are Tom and Mary still planning on staying with us next summer?
Tom and Mary didn't like carrots when they were children.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John wanted them to do that.
You still don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary didn't know that what they'd done was wrong.
You still don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary didn't know that they'd done anything wrong.
You knew that Tom and Mary were trying to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary didn't even notice John was looking at them.
You knew Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary didn't do that as quickly as they should've.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't buy me what they promised they'd buy.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do what they said they'd do.
You don't know when Tom and Mary are going to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary did say that they didn't want to go with us.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary did a lot better today than they usually do.
What Tom and Mary were eating weren't apples. They were pears.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary want to live in a country where French is spoken.
Tom and Mary definitely know that they shouldn't be here.
Tom and Mary have told John that he isn't required to do that.
Tom and Mary decided they were too old for rock climbing.
Tom and Mary don't live here anymore. They've moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary decided that they shouldn't stay any longer.
Tom and Mary don't know where Alice bought her pearl necklace.
Tom and Mary couldn't speak French when I first met them.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary couldn't go swimming because they were sick.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary could've protected John if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary aren't going to give John the money he asked for.
Tom and Mary could run a lot faster when they were young.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom and Mary could do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary are at the supermarket buying food for the party.
Tom and Mary could do that for John if he wanted them to.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as the rest of us.
Tom and Mary could be planning to go there by themselves.
This is the second time Tom and Mary have been here this week.
Tom and Mary can't cook very well, so they often eat out.
This is the kind of music that Tom and Mary like to listen to.
Tom and Mary called to ask if they should bring anything.
Things won't be the same around here after Tom and Mary leave.
Tom and Mary bought themselves new guitars for Christmas.
The only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary bought John everything he asked them to buy.
The only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary began writing songs when they were thirteen.
The only ones here who don't like doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate their lunches in the park by themselves.
The only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate dinner, but they didn't eat any dessert.
The only ones here who are afraid to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate a whole box of chocolates by themselves.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever lived in is Australia.
Tom and Mary assured us that they wouldn't do that again.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't do that again.
Only a few people here know that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Tom and Mary asked if they really needed to wear helmets.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to drive a car.
Maybe the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them clean their offices.
Maybe the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John not to wake them up before seven.
Maybe the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd mind doing that for them.
It's probably not a good idea to do what Tom and Mary suggest.
Tom and Mary asked John if he wanted to ride their horse.
It's hard to tell whether Tom and Mary are laughing or crying.
Tom and Mary asked John if he could make them sandwiches.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in going with us.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning to do that, are they?
It just so happens I do know where Tom and Mary are right now.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure what they should be doing.
Isn't it obvious that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary aren't quite as reliable as they used to be.
Is there something special about the way Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that by themselves.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to go there by themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary were trying to tell us something.
Tom and Mary aren't likely be punished for what they did.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the way they were told to.
I'm not sure you realize how important Tom and Mary are to me.
Tom and Mary aren't coming, because I don't want them to.
I wish we were doing the same thing as Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as most people think they are.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom and Mary work now.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to eat that, are they?
I told the police that Tom and Mary were with me at that time.
Tom and Mary are younger than most people think they are.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary are young, but they know what they're doing.
I thought Tom and Mary were the best singers on stage tonight.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to do that for them.
I think you should take the job Tom and Mary are offering you.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to do what we want them to do.
I think that's the reason Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to do what they say they'll do.
I think that's exactly what Tom and Mary are expecting you do.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary don't really have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what they have to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop crying anytime soon.
Tom and Mary are too young to be doing that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary are going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary are tired of people telling them what to do.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary are thinking about what they should do next.
I think Tom and Mary are getting a little tired of doing that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to do that before they go home.
I should've warned you that Tom and Mary are a little strange.
Tom and Mary are still pretending they're not interested.
I need to know why Tom and Mary were absent from school today.
Tom and Mary are still not sure why they need to do that.
I know this isn't the first time Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Tom and Mary are still looking for a house they can rent.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell me to do.
Tom and Mary are still expecting John to help them today.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to be arrested sooner or later.
Tom and Mary are smarter than most people think they are.
I doubt that Tom and Mary understand what we're talking about.
Tom and Mary are sitting in the corner all by themselves.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary are richer than you probably think they are.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary are playing by themselves in the front yard.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who can do that and who can't.
Tom and Mary are never going to see John again, are they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary are never going to admit that they're wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary are more scared of you than you are of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen one of these before.
Tom and Mary are lucky John is here to help them do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary are lost, but they're unwilling to admit it.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who wrote this report.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need to apologize.
Tom and Mary are having a lot of trouble with their cars.
I don't think I understand what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary are going to start their new jobs on Monday.
I don't like speaking in French and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary are going to have to go there by themselves.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are going to get very dirty if they do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time.
Tom and Mary are going to get in trouble if they do that.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to see in Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever you ask them to do.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way they always do.
I definitely don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way I told them to.
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary are going to be fired if they do that again.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary are going to be fined if they do that again.
Everybody here knows that Tom and Mary speak very good French.
Tom and Mary are getting the results that they hoped for.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to be here this afternoon?
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can to save money.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that?
Tom and Mary are coming here this afternoon, aren't they?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been the past three weeks?
Tom and Mary are at the door. Please ask them to come in.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary are always asking me to get things for them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today?
Tom and Mary apologized to John for losing their tempers.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary don't like watching sports on TV?
Tom and Mary almost injured themselves trying to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are also pretty good bassoonists?
Tom and Mary admitted to John that they couldn't do that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd stolen money from John.
Did you know Tom and Mary are very good at playing basketball?
This is where Tom and Mary said they found the gold coin.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are the only ones who didn't do that.
The only person Tom and Mary say they'll talk to is John.
About how many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were eating apples.
You know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tell Tom and Mary I'd like to meet with them immediately.
You haven't done that as much as Tom and Mary have, have you?
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't do that.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us.
Remind me to thank Tom and Mary the next time I see them.
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they ought to do.
What were Tom and Mary looking for out there in the backyard?
Please tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to stay in Boston until Monday?
Please tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
We've got to make sure Tom and Mary don't ever do that again.
Please tell Tom and Mary everything we want them to know.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
No matter what Tom and Mary wear, they always look great.
We can save a little time if we do what Tom and Mary suggest.
My advice is to tell Tom and Mary what they want to know.
We all need to pay closer attention to what Tom and Mary say.
Maybe Tom and Mary thought you wouldn't want to see them.
Tom and Mary have been getting some very interesting results.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to give that to.
If you don't do what Tom and Mary say, they'll get angry.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to do that with.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand what we want them to do.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on staying with.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning to go to Boston
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did what they said they did.
Tom and Mary are pleased with the way things have turned out.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to talk about that at today's meeting.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. Do you know where they are?
Tom and Mary are going to have steak and potatoes for dinner.
I'm going to allow Tom and Mary to do whatever they want.
The train that Tom and Mary were riding was hit by lightning.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really knew they should do that.
The only ones here who can probably do that are Tom and Mary.
I wonder if Tom and Mary actually did that by themselves.
The only ones here who are eager to do that are Tom and Mary.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't drink that water.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever gone to is Australia.
I told Tom and Mary that they should buy the cheaper one.
The doctor said that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
I told Tom and Mary it was dangerous for them to do that.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom and Mary are.
I told Tom and Mary John wanted to borrow their mandolin.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I thought Tom and Mary would be doing that by themselves.
Make sure that you don't do that while Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary would've come if you'd invited them.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary are depending on our help.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that if they try.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary said they've already read this book.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary did exactly what they said they did.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have told me to do.
I think Tom and Mary could leave today if they wanted to.
I'm staying at the same hotel where Tom and Mary are staying.
I think Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were young.
I'm convinced that Tom and Mary aren't telling us everything.
I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary how I felt about them.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's and Mary's opinions are.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with us.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I suggested.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary what they have to do.
I went to the same school that Tom and Mary are going to now.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remember where they buried the money.
I wasn't even in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
I hope Tom and Mary do everything they've promised to do.
I was very surprised that Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John asked them to do.
I was a sophomore in college the year Tom and Mary were born.
I gave Tom and Mary something that I thought they'd like.
I want someone to tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be happy about this.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that by themselves.
I thought you wouldn't notice that Tom and Mary weren't here.
I don't think Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston last month.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to help them.
I think you should do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to go to school yesterday.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to do yet.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who're supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to do yet.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't really think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who stole the money.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want me to help them.
I suppose that's one of the reasons Tom and Mary aren't here.
I don't believe Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I really wish I knew when Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I might've been in Boston at the same time Tom and Mary were.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I know this isn't the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
I didn't recognize Tom and Mary the last time I saw them.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of music Tom and Mary play.
I didn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
I hear sugar is cheaper at the store where Tom and Mary work.
I asked Tom and Mary why they thought that was important.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I asked Tom and Mary if they could have it ready by 2:30.
I guess I should've known Tom and Mary weren't going to help.
How did Tom and Mary react when they saw John doing that?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
How did Tom and Mary get John to give them so much money?
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how difficult this job is.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what it's like to be in love.
Have Tom and Mary ever told you why they don't like John?
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who's able to do that.
Have Tom and Mary decided what they're going to major in?
I don't think Tom and Mary have studied French for very long.
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them breakfast is ready.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a ticket.
Even Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what should be done.
Do you think Tom and Mary will let John do that for them?
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what has to be done.
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to help?
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who speak French.
Do Tom and Mary still do the same things they used to do?
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of teaching experience.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't do that without their help?
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom and Mary do that.
Did you tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
I don't know who Tom and Mary are going to go to Boston with.
Did you tell Tom and Mary when we expect them to be here?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't here yesterday?
I don't know where Tom and Mary want me to plant the lettuce.
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't at the meeting?
I don't know how to do what Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they didn't want to do that?
I don't know how many times Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
Did Tom and Mary say why they wanted to borrow the truck?
I don't know how many brothers and sisters Tom and Mary have.
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they needed to do that?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that.
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we should do that?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were difficult to get along with.
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we had to do that?
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
Did Tom and Mary remember to do what we asked them to do?
I didn't notice that Tom and Mary were wearing wedding rings.
Can you please just give Tom and Mary whatever they want?
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that today.
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to do that or not.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to allow me to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they really need to be there by 2:30.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary don't want to go with us.
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I can't tell you where Tom and Mary are because I don't know.
All Tom and Mary wanted was for John to leave them alone.
I already know that Tom and Mary don't plan to be here today.
You told Tom and Mary they couldn't do that, didn't you?
How were Tom and Mary able to lose so much weight so quickly?
You should've told Tom and Mary why they had to do that.
How do you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
You should tell Tom and Mary why you disagree with them.
How did you learn that Tom and Mary weren't living in Boston?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they ought to do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to go fishing today?
You asked Tom and Mary why they'd done that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they think happened?
Do Tom and Mary know that you don't know how to speak French?
Why did you let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time?
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay with us.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still high school students?
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still students.
Did you know Tom and Mary are pretty good at speaking French?
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were just teenagers.
Did you know Tom and Mary are actually not very conservative?
What would Tom and Mary say if they walked in right now?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary remember to bring swimsuits?
What were Tom and Mary doing the last time you saw them?
Because of the snow storm, Tom and Mary were stuck in Boston.
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to get there?
Aren't you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What movie did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to see?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't know how to do that?
What game did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to play?
Are Tom and Mary still interested in going to Boston with us?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do?
You know Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they were expected to do?
You knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
What did Tom and Mary tell you they were supposed to do?
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
What did Tom and Mary tell you they were expected to do?
You don't really think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
We'll ask Tom and Mary what they think when we see them.
You don't have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
We shouldn't have left Tom and Mary there by themselves.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think we should do.
Why don't we see if Tom and Mary want to play cards with us?
We need to make sure Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
When did you find out Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that already?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from where they work.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary's dog woke them up a little after midnight.
We're having the same problems that Tom and Mary are having.
Tom and Mary's doctor advised them to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary live about three blocks from the train station.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary haven't eaten any food for the past three days.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they didn't like John.
Tom and Mary have told John that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary have told John that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that the way you said they did.
Tom and Mary have been working as teachers for thirty years.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be here if they didn't have to be.
Tom and Mary don't think John would ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary would've succeeded if they'd worked harder.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited them.
Tom and Mary are trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom and Mary would tell me if they weren't happy, right?
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary would stop doing that if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what's going on.
Tom and Mary would often do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out how to fix that.
Tom and Mary would never do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary would like you to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary are making more money this year than last year.
Tom and Mary would be furious if they knew what you did.
Tom and Mary are interested in buying one of your paintings.
Tom and Mary wondered why John didn't want to help them.
This is the kind of program that Tom and Mary like to watch.
Tom and Mary won't likely want to do that by themselves.
There's something I have to do before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't like him.
The problem is that Tom and Mary are just as scared as I am.
Tom and Mary won't likely need to do that by themselves.
The police believe Tom and Mary were involved in the murder.
Tom and Mary won't likely have to do that by themselves.
The only ones here who don't like swimming are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like kayaking are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't find anybody who'll do that for them.
The only ones here who don't enjoy fishing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't admit it, but they're in big trouble.
The only ones here who are able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary wished they could understand French better.
The doctor says that Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not sleepy.
The children watched TV as Tom and Mary were cooking dinner.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not hungry.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't sleepy.
Some of the people who work with Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't hungry.
Perhaps the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary will probably get punished if they do that.
My good friends, Tom and Mary, convinced me to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary will probably get arrested if they do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary will probably be hungry when they get home.
Keep in mind that Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary will probably be hungry when they get here.
It's easy to understand why Tom and Mary don't like it here.
Tom and Mary will explain it to you when they come back.
It seems fairly obvious that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary will be living in Boston with their father.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure what they were supposed to do.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they had to do that.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were in Boston, I'd have told you.
Tom and Mary weren't able to make themselves understood.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't able to eat as much they wanted to.
I'm the only one here who knows what Tom and Mary look like.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they had to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't able to buy everything they needed.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary were unable to do what we asked them to do.
I'm pretty sure that I make more money than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary were too scared to walk home by themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary were told that they're required to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't telling the whole truth.
Tom and Mary were sure that they'd never see John again.
I'm pretty certain that Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary were so tired they didn't even want to eat.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom and Mary are overweight.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they saw John doing that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary were paid thirty dollars for what they did.
I'll try to find out why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they told him that.
I'll see to it that Tom and Mary do everything you've asked.
Tom and Mary were late because their car ran out of gas.
I'll find out whether Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston.
Tom and Mary were hoping John would eat lunch with them.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come to our party.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that John did that for them.
I would've never guessed that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they needed to do that.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were still asleep or not.
Tom and Mary were born in Boston and they grew up there.
I want to know why Tom and Mary aren't working here anymore.
Tom and Mary went back to where they'd met John earlier.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't members of our club.
Tom and Mary wanted John to show them how to make pizza.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them solve the problem.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be busy today.
Tom and Mary want John to help them with their homework.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be the ones to do that.
Tom and Mary walked into their room and closed the door.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask you not to do that.
Tom and Mary usually wear wetsuits when they go surfing.
I thought Tom and Mary were better at doing that than I was.
Tom and Mary used the money I gave them to buy bicycles.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary tried to leave, but John wouldn't let them.
I think you should find out when Tom and Mary plan to leave.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to pay for their tickets.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
Tom and Mary tried to convince John that they'd changed.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to be busy this afternoon.
Tom and Mary took the concert tickets John offered them.
I think I know why Tom and Mary weren't at school yesterday.
Tom and Mary told me why they'd decided to study French.
I sure wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me where they hid the stolen diamonds.
I sure hope Tom and Mary wait until we get there to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they're still not fluent in French.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary tell you not to do.
I still think Tom and Mary don't understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be home this weekend.
I still have no idea why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to Boston.
I knew Tom and Mary were making a lot more money than I was.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to kill themselves.
I hoped you might be able to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to do that for them.
I hope Tom and Mary never find out what happened here today.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to do that for John.
I had to make sure Tom and Mary were still planning to come.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they wouldn't do that.
I found out that Tom and Mary were here yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they couldn't do that.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought I was wasting my time.
I don't think Tom and Mary really like doing that very much.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do the breast stroke.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to move to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to live in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how much it'll cost.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know why John had left.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as many people here as I do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have very many friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary know about those kinds of things.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have driver's licenses.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about classical music.
Tom and Mary told me they already have plans for Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they're determined to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to become doctors.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience in teaching.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't scared of snakes.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any intention of doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they had the flu.
I don't know why Tom and Mary need to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was worried.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are planning to see in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was thirsty.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was strange.
I don't know how many years Tom and Mary have been teachers.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sincere.
I don't know how Tom and Mary were able to afford a new car.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was serious.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was selfish.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was retired.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to tell us what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was puzzled.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to tell me what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was outside.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be through by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was nervous.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be doing that here.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was married.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were finished doing that already.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was jealous.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were already finished doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was correct.
I can't stand the thought of losing Tom and Mary as friends.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was adopted.
I always suspected that Tom and Mary were a little paranoid.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John looked pale.
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to live in Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John knew French.
How long do you think it'll be before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told me that they saw someone kissing John.
How do you know that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they hadn't seen John all day.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't intend to do that.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Tom and Mary told John why they weren't able to do that.
Have Tom and Mary been having problems with anyone recently?
Tom and Mary told John why they were late for his party.
Even if I knew where Tom and Mary were, I wouldn't tell you.
Tom and Mary told John why they needed to buy a new car.
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary told John to give them a call after dinner.
Do you think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that?
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want anything to eat.
Do you think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened?
Tom and Mary told John they could do that by themselves.
Do you have any idea what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd eat lunch with Alice.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary were doing in Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be unable to do that.
Do we have time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be likely to do that.
Do Tom and Mary always eat lunch at the same time every day?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be afraid to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary aren't really from Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't having any fun.
Did you know that Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary told John that they were unsure what to do.
Did you know that Tom and Mary are extremely gifted artists?
Tom and Mary told John that they were afraid to do that.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary are doing well at school.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted to study French.
Are you going to be ready by the time Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told John that they used to live in Boston.
Are Tom and Mary still planning to stay with us next summer?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was well.
You thought Tom and Mary were doing that today, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was rich.
You know why Tom and Mary don't want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was nice.
You know Tom and Mary no longer have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lost.
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lazy.
You knew Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was home.
You don't think Tom and Mary have to do that today, do you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was dead.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was cold.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was busy.
You don't care whether Tom and Mary do that or not, do you?
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want to do that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to Boston, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't like doing that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know what to do.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary want to talk to.
Tom and Mary told John that Alice was their best friend.
Why do you think Tom and Mary prefer living in the country?
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to help us tomorrow.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to go to college?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to win the contest.
What's the name of the song that Tom and Mary were singing?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to enjoy the party.
What Tom and Mary think doesn't matter all that much to me.
Tom and Mary thought they might be permitted to do that.
Were you aware Tom and Mary were having financial problems?
Tom and Mary thought John knew why they didn't like him.
Were Tom and Mary supposed to be at this morning's meeting?
Tom and Mary think they know how to get to John's house.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary are going to do next.
Tom and Mary think John would be upset if they did that.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Tom and Mary think John would be angry if they did that.
Tom and Mary will be helping me do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary talked John into going to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary study French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me what they plan to do.
Tom and Mary said John's horse is a lot faster than theirs.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they want to do.
Tom and Mary opened the bag and knew that it wasn't theirs.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they have to do.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on going with.
Tom and Mary still do that even though they're very old.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary sometimes do that and sometimes they don't.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom and Mary showed John the pictures they were drawing.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything you wouldn't approve of.
Tom and Mary should've told John about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish getting dressed.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way we showed them.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why we need to do that.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way I told them to.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why we have to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're busy.
Tom and Mary are the ones who're supposed to be doing that.
Tom and Mary should never have gone there by themselves.
Tom and Mary are still trying to find out where John lives.
Tom and Mary sell most of the vegetables that they grow.
Tom and Mary are seriously thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom and Mary seldom sing, but I think they will tonight.
Tom and Mary are moving to Boston at the end of this month.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them about it.
Tom and Mary are going to take the bus that leaves at 2:30.
Tom and Mary seem to be unaware of what they have to do.
This is probably the key that Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary seem a lot happier since they got divorced.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I did that.
Tom and Mary say they've already decided not to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I did that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that when they're in Boston.
The train Tom and Mary are waiting for is going to be late.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to work overtime today.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't very good teachers.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask John to do that anymore.
The only ones here who don't like fishing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to speak French.
The only language Tom and Mary know how to speak is French.
Tom and Mary say they want to ask me a lot of questions.
The books Tom and Mary were reading weren't romance novels.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be easy to do that.
Someone told me that Tom and Mary weren't from around here.
Tom and Mary say they still can't believe John did that.
Perhaps the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they saw John when they were in Boston.
People like Tom and Mary probably know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary say they need to finish what they're doing.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to sing.
Tom and Mary say they know John will eventually do that.
Maybe that's the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they just want to get something to eat.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't refuse to do that.
Let's go and see the movie Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will help them tomorrow.
It's best if you do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will do that by himself.
It seems that Tom and Mary are unable to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to start working here.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he has to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary are staying in the same hotel?
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't want to do that.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to feed the dog.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't need to do that.
I've heard Tom and Mary are really good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't have to do that.
I'm telling you this because Tom and Mary are your friends.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can get home by himself.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't going to fire you.
Tom and Mary say they have no desire to do that anymore.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to get home on Monday.
I'm positive Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my watch.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to ask John to do that.
I'll see if Tom and Mary know how to program in JavaScript.
Tom and Mary say they don't want me hanging around here.
I'd really like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they ought to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary have been so nice to me recently.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John wants to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John ought to do that.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't allowed in here.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John needs to do that.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they don't really feel like doing that.
I want you to find out why Tom and Mary weren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John is doing that.
I tried to warn you that Tom and Mary were looking for you.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where they should park.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what made them do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the courage to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask us not to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't enjoy watching sports on TV.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask me not to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we stay or not.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you really did that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can stay here two or three nights.
I really don't like spaghetti the way Tom and Mary make it.
Tom and Mary say there's nothing they can do about that.
I may need more help than Tom and Mary are willing to give.
Tom and Mary say that they walked three miles yesterday.
I just found out that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they do that several times a week.
I figure we have a day or two before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say that they can prove that John did that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know has gone to Boston.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary saw something they weren't supposed to see.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you want me to do that.
Tom and Mary said you're better at French than they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's been happening here.
Tom and Mary said they've only gone camping three times.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you're planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they've never seen John wearing jeans.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about classical music.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to be cooperative.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as much about this as I do.
Tom and Mary said they've been told not do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John has to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends here in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're reluctant to do that for John.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here until 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to do whatever it takes.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary said they're happy that you didn't do that.
I don't suppose you happen to know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were the ones who broke that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John was able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they'll try to buy everything we need.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'll help me get everything I need.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary used to be French teachers.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again on Monday.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again on Monday.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be at the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that some other time.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to ask me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary think I'm a good chess player.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do what I needed to do.
How many months have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they'd come, but they never showed up.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't going to be in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for free.
Have you wondered why Tom and Mary don't come here anymore?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for John.
French is the only foreign language that Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here, but I can't find them.
Do you think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30?
Tom and Mary said they'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Do you think Tom and Mary were amused by what was going on?
Tom and Mary said they'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Do you really want to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary said they wondered why John didn't do that.
Do you honestly believe Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they won't do that unless I help them.
Do Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't eaten so much.
Do Tom and Mary want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't drunk so much.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last year?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what they should do.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John should do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were interested in modern art?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John had to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary said they weren't interested in doing that.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were going be here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to help us anymore.
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that anymore.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do that tomorrow.
Did you know that Tom and Mary have a house on Park Street?
Tom and Mary said they were very happy with the results.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were very grateful for your help.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we can start the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to go any further.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who helped you?
Tom and Mary said they were too out of shape to do that.
Are you certain Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to help me do that.
You should just do what Tom and Mary are asking you to do.
Tom and Mary said they were told not to do that anymore.
You of all people should understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary said they were tired and wanted to go home.
You know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they were just about ready to do that.
You hope Tom and Mary don't tell us to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping they could help John.
You don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that themselves.
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to stay home this weekend.
Would it be OK if Tom and Mary come with me to your party?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to help them do that.
Why are you so interested in what Tom and Mary were doing?
Tom and Mary said they tried doing that once themselves.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to leave?
Tom and Mary said they thought they should study French.
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought they needed to help John.
What made you believe Tom and Mary were telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew how to do that.
What have Tom and Mary done with everything that was here?
Tom and Mary said they thought they had to study French.
What do Tom and Mary like to do that you don't like to do?
Tom and Mary said they thought they had to speak French.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that without any help?
Tom and Mary said they thought they could pass the test.
We'll arrive about one hour before Tom and Mary get there.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help us today.
Tom and Mary have only asked us to do that for a few days.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that today.
Tom and Mary have made several very big mistakes recently.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could cheer John up.
Tom and Mary don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was having fun.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to stay with.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary asked me not to pitch my tent next to theirs.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be suspicious.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who're going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be reasonable.
Tom and Mary are trying to find a solution to the problem.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be interested.
Tom and Mary are staying over at a friend's house tonight.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to want to talk to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to win.
Tom and Mary are going to have to deal with that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might help us today.
Tom and Mary are going to be here for a couple more hours.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be frightened.
Tom and Mary are determined to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they think John isn't able to do that.
The way Tom and Mary do that seems a little strange to me.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have walked home alone.
The store where Tom and Mary were working recently closed.
Tom and Mary said they really did want to be here today.
The only thing Tom and Mary need now is a little patience.
Tom and Mary said they probably aren't going to do that.
The only ones here who don't like skiing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get in touch with John.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are too old to do this kind of thing.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that sometime today.
My best friends were Tom and Mary when I was a little kid.
Tom and Mary said they needed to buy something for John.
Maybe the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed my help, so I helped them.
Maybe Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
Tom and Mary said they needed a special tool to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what has to be done.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that on Monday.
It's amazing how much money Tom and Mary spend every week.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that in Boston.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to swim well.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that from John.
It seems that Tom and Mary know nothing about this matter.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wanted to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John needed to do that.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for something.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John wouldn't do that.
If you ask me, Tom and Mary are the ones with the problem.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be at the dance.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do anything like that before.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't do that by alone.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they hope John will help them do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary haven't forgotten about the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't seen John for a long time.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary were the people who did that.
Tom and Mary said they had their reasons for doing that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary said they had a good reason for doing that.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary know how do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they expect John to help them do that.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary are still asleep or not.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to spend time in jail.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to ever do that again.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they need to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning to do next summer.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they have to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John still does that.
I wonder how long Tom and Mary have been living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that.
I wasn't much better at doing that than Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they don't feel like doing that today.
I was surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't ever want to do that again.
I wanted to be sure Tom and Mary were planning to be here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want you to do that again.
I used to work at the same place that Tom and Mary do now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to work here anymore.
I understand that Tom and Mary are leaving Boston tonight.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk about school.
I thought that Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay home all day.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live in Australia.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with John.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that right now.
I think the only people who can help you are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John for help.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want that to happen again.
I think Tom and Mary have decided to study French instead.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd ever do that.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John should do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who drew these pictures.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like laughing.
I think Tom and Mary are from Australia, but I'm not sure.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really care what happened.
I suggest you wait until Tom and Mary tell you what to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who they could trust.
I really do believe Tom and Mary know who stole my wallet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to do that anymore.
I never had any intention of letting Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much experience.
I hope Tom and Mary agree to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to worry about money.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary were going to be late.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that every day.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have their phones on them.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have high school diplomas.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any time to watch TV.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plans to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether to do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know we still have a lot to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like talking to John.
I don't think Tom and Mary know very much about Australia.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that would happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was stolen.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how that happened.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about folk music.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of weather.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said their parents have never spanked them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you today.
Tom and Mary said their father told them not to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much free time as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to pay you back.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't having a lot of fun.
I don't like the same kind of movies that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't finished doing that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't enjoying themselves.
I don't know what part of Australia Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at home last Monday.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said that they were really having much fun.
I didn't understand half of what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to borrow some money.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John would be early.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to borrow some money.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't know where John lives.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to go to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat anything.
I can't be the only one who thinks Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to be disturbed.
I bet it's not the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said that John and Alice are their friends.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary have in the bank?
Tom and Mary said John was willing to help them do that.
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to stay with us?
Tom and Mary said John didn't want to do that with them.
How much are Tom and Mary going to be paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary said I could wait here until they got back.
How many years have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary really need to do that as soon as they can.
How many weeks have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary really enjoy talking with John, don't they?
How many hours have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary realized they'd forgotten to lock the door.
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
How did you learn that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary rarely sing, but I think they will tonight.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary put salt on just about everything they eat.
Does it really matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not?
Tom and Mary promised to come, but they never showed up.
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever get driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary promised that they'd never lie to me again.
Do you think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Tom and Mary promised that they'd come, but they didn't.
Do you really think that was what Tom and Mary were up to?
Tom and Mary probably won't do what they say they'll do.
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore?
Tom and Mary probably should've asked John to help them.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary probably know more than they're telling us.
Do Tom and Mary still think that I should go talk to John?
Tom and Mary probably know a lot more than they told us.
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time?
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were still high school students?
Tom and Mary probably didn't really mean what they said.
Did you know Tom and Mary are also pretty good guitarists?
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know the answer.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll start the meeting.
Tom and Mary ought to be able to get home by themselves.
Are you telling me you don't know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary often read when they're waiting for people.
Are you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary never told me they wanted to go to Harvard.
Are Tom and Mary going to get out of prison any time soon?
Tom and Mary never told me they didn't know how to swim.
All I know is that Tom and Mary were here with me at 2:30.
Tom and Mary never leave the house without their phones.
You hope Tom and Mary don't ask us to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary need to tell John what they want him to do.
Would you tell me why Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary must've been very tired when they got home.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary might not know what they're supposed to do.
Why aren't Tom and Mary ever interested in anything I do?
Tom and Mary might not be as rich as you think they are.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to be tomorrow?
Tom and Mary might not be as happy as we think they are.
When did you first notice that Tom and Mary were missing?
Tom and Mary might like it, but I don't think they will.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
Tom and Mary met John while they were staying in Boston.
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do that irritate you?
Tom and Mary may not be as hungry as you think they are.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary want us to do next.
Tom and Mary make mistakes every time they speak French.
We don't even know for sure that Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary made themselves as comfortable as possible.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary weren't wearing life jackets.
Tom and Mary made a list of places they wanted to visit.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't there to show us what to do.
Tom and Mary made a fool of themselves in front of John.
Tom and Mary weren't invited to John and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't feeling very well.
Tom and Mary were painting the fence yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary looked like they were reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what he has to do.
Tom and Mary looked like they were desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary hope to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom and Mary live downtown not far from where they work.
Tom and Mary don't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary like to do that whenever they're in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom and Mary like to do almost everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to discuss the problem with John.
Tom and Mary like doing that whenever they're in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they'd do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let anything happen to John.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to leave John there by himself.
Tom and Mary know what time they're supposed to be here.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish getting ready.
Tom and Mary are supposed to meet John in thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary know there isn't much they can do about it.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John do that now.
Tom and Mary know that they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are one ones who broke the window yesterday.
Tom and Mary know that John doesn't like them very much.
Tom and Mary are going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
Tom and Mary knew they had to do something to help John.
Tom and Mary are going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be chosen.
Tom and Mary are going to do things the way we suggested.
Tom and Mary knew that they were unlikely to be elected.
Tom and Mary are going to be meeting John in three hours.
Tom and Mary knew that John wasn't really angry at them.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained.
Tom and Mary kept on working even though they were sick.
There's never a dull moment when Tom and Mary are around.
Tom and Mary invited John and his sister to their party.
The only ones here who can't go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary injured themselves while trying to do that.
The only ones here who are able do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves when they tried to do that.
The only one here that are able do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary hope they'll get a chance to do that again.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary were fishing up in Canada.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't have to do that again.
Please listen carefully to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary haven't yet found what they're looking for.
Please don't do anything else till Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary haven't told John why they want to do that.
One thing Tom and Mary hate is not being taken seriously.
Tom and Mary haven't done what they were supposed to do.
Maybe the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't done everything we told them to do.
Let's go to the garage and see if Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary haven't done anything they were told to do.
It's very unlikely that Tom and Mary have ever done that.
Tom and Mary have vowed that they won't do that anymore.
It's very unlikely Tom and Mary know how to play mahjong.
Tom and Mary have to take care of their younger brother.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary have to do that even if they don't want to.
It's possible that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary have three months left until they graduate.
It's kind of disappointing that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary have three extra tickets they want to sell.
It's a pity Tom and Mary aren't able to be with us today.
Tom and Mary have something they can't wait to show you.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in baseball.
Tom and Mary have persuaded John to eat lunch with them.
It looks like Tom and Mary are pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary have paid back all the money they borrowed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to get into Harvard.
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston since they were three.
It looks like Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary have just told me that they found new jobs.
It looked like Tom and Mary were searching for something.
Tom and Mary have finally done what we asked them to do.
I've heard that Tom and Mary have dropped out of college.
Tom and Mary have done what John said they needed to do.
I've got a feeling Tom and Mary are still here in Boston.
Tom and Mary have decided to go to Boston by themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary have been living here since they were kids.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary have been here at least once, haven't they?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary have asked us to buy them something to eat.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never done that before.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they can't eat.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary have already said that they'll leave early.
I'll never forget how kind Tom and Mary were to everyone.
Tom and Mary have already done what they said they'd do.
I'd like to know the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they want to do today.
I'd like to get a trumpet like the one Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they need to do today.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't good swimmers.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they have to do today.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't allowed to see me.
Tom and Mary hate being disturbed when they're studying.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary hardly ever spend time with their children.
I was surprised to learn that Tom and Mary were liberals.
Tom and Mary had to do something they didn't want to do.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary had no idea that they were being too noisy.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to ask John to help them.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary had better do what they've been told to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be working today.
Tom and Mary got up early so they could see the sunrise.
I thought Tom and Mary were having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary got to where they couldn't do that anymore.
I thought Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses yet.
Tom and Mary found the note that John had left for them.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary forgot to do what they were supposed to do.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told about what happened.
Tom and Mary explained why they weren't able to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know something the rest of us don't.
Tom and Mary eventually told John that they'd done that.
I think Tom and Mary have been barking up the wrong tree.
Tom and Mary drive by John's house on their way to work.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary drank a whole bottle of wine by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can't do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they want to do that right now.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who painted this fence.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that by themselves.
I promise I won't tell anyone that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary don't remember the last time they saw John.
I noticed that Tom and Mary have started growing a beard.
Tom and Mary don't remember John asking them to do that.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't really think we can do that, do they?
I know that Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary don't often talk about their private lives.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't gone by the time we get there.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there unless they want to.
I hope Tom and Mary are outside waiting for us right now.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're having a good time.
I heard that Tom and Mary aren't very good at doing that.
Tom and Mary don't like to tell people how old they are.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like spinach, so they didn't eat any.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wanted them to do that.
I got the impression Tom and Mary weren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they can do that or not.
I forgot that Tom and Mary were coming to dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary don't know what John would like them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what John thinks they should do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary don't know that John thinks they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to be my friends anymore.
Tom and Mary don't have to go there unless they want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what you're saying.
Tom and Mary do just about everything we ask them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who painted that picture.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell John how old they were.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether it's true or not.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where the post office is.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit that they were scared.
I don't think Tom and Mary know there's still work to do.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit that they didn't know.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to speak French well.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to go to Boston with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary didn't trust John and he didn't trust them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was taken.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would leave without them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about carpentry.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me that they grew up in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about Australia.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they had to work late.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were going to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they wanted his help.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until October.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they needed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to have everything they needed.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the willpower to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they were going, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that.
Tom and Mary didn't say when they were coming, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as I do.
Tom and Mary didn't like to do that when they were kids.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that yet.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John asked them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be too much help.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John was looking for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they should leave.
I don't like the same kind of music that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't help John as much as they should've.
I don't like the same kind of books that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't have to stay if they didn't want to.
I don't like mushroom soup and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary didn't have to help us today, but they did.
I don't like it when Tom and Mary stay out late at night.
Tom and Mary didn't have to help if they didn't want to.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have to get up as early as they did.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia.
Tom and Mary didn't have to come if they didn't want to.
I don't know how many aunts and uncles Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary didn't have permission to do what they did.
I didn't want to listen to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary didn't eat as much as I thought they'd eat.
I didn't understand what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary didn't drink the milk John poured for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were really paying attention.
Tom and Mary didn't do that because they didn't want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary didn't do everything John asked them to do.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't care whether John liked them or not.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't buy everything we asked them to buy.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't believe that John would lie to them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be so busy.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do what they said they did.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary did study, but they didn't study very much.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to need to do that.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they should do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they needed do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be done by 2:30.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they had to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be back so soon.
Tom and Mary did everything they possibly could to help.
I didn't know Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary did everything they felt they needed to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom and Mary were going to do.
Tom and Mary decided to do what they could to help John.
I can't speak French as well as Tom and Mary think I can.
Tom and Mary decided that they wanted to live in Boston.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would become teachers.
Tom and Mary could've solved that problem by themselves.
How many days have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary could've been there, but I didn't see them.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary could hear John, but they couldn't see him.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been watching us?
Tom and Mary could get injured if they tried to do that.
How do you know that Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
Tom and Mary could be planning to do that by themselves.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be late?
Tom and Mary complained that they had too much homework.
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't the ones who did that.
Have Tom and Mary already told you what needs to be done?
Tom and Mary claimed they walked from Boston to Chicago.
Does that mean that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary can't make themselves understood in French.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that?
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. You need to help them.
Do you remember what Tom and Mary were wearing yesterday?
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. You have to help them.
Do you really want to be here when Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary blame themselves for what happened to John.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are going to believe me?
Tom and Mary believed that what John told them was true.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are finished doing that?
Tom and Mary began to do that when they were very young.
Do you know what part of Australia Tom and Mary are from?
Tom and Mary began doing that when they were very young.
Do you know what kind of books Tom and Mary like to read?
Tom and Mary ate the sandwiches that John made for them.
Do you know anything about the school Tom and Mary go to?
Tom and Mary assured us that they won't do that anymore.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are talking about?
Tom and Mary assured me that they'd never do that again.
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's going to happen?
Tom and Mary asked us if we'd like to do that with them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Tom and Mary asked me to wait here until they came back.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary asked me to tell them why I didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are good at speaking French?
Tom and Mary asked me if they could go home early today.
Did you know that Tom and Mary aren't really from Boston?
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd help them move their piano.
Did you know Tom and Mary are actually very conservative?
Tom and Mary asked if it would be safe if they did that.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary asked if I was willing to do that for them.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary asked John to help them organize the party.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't need to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be doing that, are they?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't really as busy as they say they are.
Are Tom and Mary likely to want to go to Boston with you?
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to do that by themselves.
You don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to let John do that for them.
You don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't going to have to do that themselves.
You don't happen to know where Tom and Mary are, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't always as busy as they say they are.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary ever talk to.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to do that, are they?
Why did you think Tom and Mary weren't going to be here?
Tom and Mary aren't able to do what we asked them to do.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary like heavy metal?
Tom and Mary are wearing the shirts that John gave them.
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that yet?
Tom and Mary are way too young to do that by themselves.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have to do that today?
Tom and Mary are trying to do what you asked them to do.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't need to do that?
Tom and Mary are still looking for houses they can rent.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary are still just kids, so let's forgive them.
We'll go by bus unless Tom and Mary want to take a taxi.
Tom and Mary are probably older than you think they are.
We should do something like what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary are particular about what they watch on TV.
We only have a few minutes before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are older than you probably think they are.
We don't know for sure Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Tom and Mary are now living in Boston with their father.
We can't open this envelope until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are never going to pay me what they owe me.
We both know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are never going to do that again, are they?
Tom and Mary were at the airport to say goodbye to John.
Tom and Mary are lying. I didn't do what they say I did.
Tom and Mary study French at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom and Mary are likely to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary said John's dog was twice as big as theirs.
Tom and Mary are likely to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary have read every book in the school library.
Tom and Mary are liars if they say they saw us together.
Tom and Mary have already told John what he ought to do.
Tom and Mary are late because their cars ran out of gas.
Tom and Mary don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary are hoping that John will do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary are here because they want to talk to John.
Tom and Mary don't know why John didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary are having a lot of trouble with their car.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to go with.
Tom and Mary are good at practically everything they do.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who've made a mistake.
Tom and Mary are going to love the hats you bought them.
Tom and Mary aren't going to leave John here by himself.
Tom and Mary are going to help you do that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't friends. They're just acquaintances.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to make that decision.
Tom and Mary are going to have to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary are very concerned about what might happen.
Tom and Mary are going to do what they can to help John.
Tom and Mary are sitting in the shade of the apple tree.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John tells them to do.
Tom and Mary are looking for a way to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary are going to be starved when they get home.
Tom and Mary are in the process of doing that right now.
Tom and Mary are going to be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary are going to have a goodbye party for John.
Tom and Mary are going to be furious when they find out.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way the always do.
Tom and Mary are doing things they've never done before.
Tom and Mary are going to be here for a couple of hours.
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can to find John.
Tom and Mary are facing a much bigger problem than that.
Tom and Mary are doing everything John asked them to do.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever done this.
Tom and Mary are busy right now and they can't help you.
The umbrellas Tom and Mary were carrying weren't theirs.
Tom and Mary are being very obedient today, aren't they?
The only people who could've done this are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are always asking me to do things for them.
The only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are afraid that they might lose everything.
The only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are absent because they're in the hospital.
The only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are able to do that with their eyes closed.
The bottles Tom and Mary were holding had purple labels.
Tom and Mary always want to do everything by themselves.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary almost killed themselves trying to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were tempted to do that.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who've done that.
Tom and Mary actually didn't do what they said they did.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are going to go.
Tell Tom and Mary John is waiting for them in the lobby.
No one bought anything Tom and Mary were trying to sell.
Talk to Tom and Mary and see what they think about this.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary do that and sometimes they don't.
Maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they went to the hospital.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't yet know about what's happened.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they couldn't go swimming.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that I've never done that.
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they need to do.
Let's wait and see if Tom and Mary really need our help.
Please tell Tom and Mary they can come back after lunch.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Perhaps Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
It's possible Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
One of us will have to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
It's our job to make certain Tom and Mary don't do that.
Make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
It's 2:30, so I assume Tom and Mary are already at home.
Let's talk to Tom and Mary and find out what they think.
It won't be any fun unless Tom and Mary do that with us.
Let's ask Tom and Mary if they know how to speak French.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to do that.
Just tell Tom and Mary they'll have to wait another day.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to be here.
It's entirely up to Tom and Mary whether they go or not.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having trouble breathing.
If you see Tom and Mary, tell them I'm looking for them.
It looked like Tom and Mary were getting ready to leave.
If Tom and Mary drop by, please give them this document.
Is there some reason why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
I've never seen Tom and Mary kiss any of their children.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
I've already told Tom and Mary why they need to do that.
If we don't do something, Tom and Mary are going to die.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they have to do that.
If Tom and Mary are going to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
I've already told Tom and Mary they have to leave early.
If I'd known where Tom and Mary were, I'd have told you.
I've already given Tom and Mary what they really wanted.
I've never trusted Tom and Mary don't think I ever will.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be hungry when they get home.
I'm the only one here who knows where Tom and Mary live.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciated what you did for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the next ones to do that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the last ones to do that.
I wouldn't forgive Tom and Mary even if they apologized.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have done this before.
I was looking for Tom and Mary, but they found me first.
I'm not very good at making pizza, but Tom and Mary are.
I want to tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary are still in Boston or not.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy whatever they wanted.
I'm not much better at doing that than Tom and Mary are.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy anything they wanted.
I'm not interested in anything Tom and Mary have to say.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to come here tomorrow.
I'm much better at reading French than Tom and Mary are.
I thought Tom and Mary would be drunk, but they weren't.
I'm kind of hoping Tom and Mary don't come to the party.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize, but they didn't.
I'll see if I can find out why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I thought Tom and Mary said they needed to buy a shovel.
I'll probably do exactly the same thing Tom and Mary do.
I think you ought to let Tom and Mary do what they want.
I'll be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come with us.
I think Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
I'd like to buy the house that Tom and Mary are selling.
I think Tom and Mary would do that if you asked them to.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do next weekend.
I think Tom and Mary would be forgiven if they did that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom and Mary might get punished if they do that.
I wonder how long it'll be before Tom and Mary get here.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves.
I won't stop doing that, even if Tom and Mary ask me to.
I think Tom and Mary got home by themselves last Monday.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom and Mary like.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I want to find out if Tom and Mary were at school today.
I think Tom and Mary did that by themselves last Monday.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good at French.
I think Tom and Mary could've gotten home by themselves.
I tried really hard to convince Tom and Mary do to that.
I promised Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom and Mary do that.
I never told Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I thought that Tom and Mary were still living in Boston.
I looked around for Tom and Mary, but I didn't see them.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't interested in doing that.
I just told Tom and Mary what time they need to be here.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't allowed to have visitors.
I hope Tom and Mary will do what they're supposed to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to tell me what to do.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they don't need to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask you to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they don't have to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were glad that that had happened.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were finished doing that already.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were already finished doing that.
I expect Tom and Mary have their reasons for doing that.
I think we need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is mad at them.
I think that's what Tom and Mary were trying to tell me.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they should do yet.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the first ones to do that.
I don't know how Tom and Mary did that, but they did it.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that, but they did.
I think Tom and Mary know the truth about what happened.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to really be in love.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would ask John to help them.
I think Tom and Mary are the only Canadians on our team.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are doing a pretty good job for us.
I didn't do what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom and Mary are up to.
I convinced Tom and Mary to lie about where they'd been.
I think I speak French about as well as Tom and Mary do.
How did Tom and Mary know what they were supposed to do?
I stayed in the car while Tom and Mary were in the bank.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't do that?
I never realized Tom and Mary were interested in French.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right away.
I know this won't be the last time Tom and Mary do that.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're eating something.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning to be here tomorrow.
Eventually, Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Either Tom and Mary don't want to do that or they can't.
I hope Tom and Mary feel the same way you do about this.
Do you think Tom and Mary will pass their driving tests?
I happened to be on the same train as Tom and Mary were.
Do you really think Tom and Mary will let you help them?
I don't want to do this, but Tom and Mary say I have to.
Do you know if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
I don't think Tom and Mary were involved in the scandal.
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary did what they did?
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that today.
Do Tom and Mary know what they're going to do next year?
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that again.
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they did that by themselves?
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that again.
Did Tom and Mary tell you what they were planning to do?
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that again.
Did Tom and Mary tell you about what they did last week?
I don't think Tom and Mary like watching baseball on TV.
All I know about Tom and Mary are that they're teachers.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to worry about that yet.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you now.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have those kinds of problems.
You can't make Tom and Mary help if they don't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the strength to do that.
You can't exactly blame Tom and Mary for what they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the patience to do that.
Why are you doing the dishes? Let Tom and Mary do them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as you.
Who's going to tell Tom and Mary they can't go with us?
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many friends as I do.
Who did Tom and Mary say they wanted to go skiing with?
I don't think Tom and Mary have anything to worry about.
When I told Tom and Mary I'd done that, they got angry.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any teaching experience.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't like them much.
I don't think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they'd be arriving?
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that.
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they were arriving?
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that anymore.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that by themselves?
I don't really care whether Tom and Mary like me or not.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that by themselves?
I don't like the same kind of movies as Tom and Mary do.
We can't let Tom and Mary walk. Let's give them a ride.
I don't like the same kind of food that Tom and Mary do.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
I don't know whether Tom and Mary believe in God or not.
Tom and Mary's father made them sell their motorcycles.
I don't know where Tom and Mary have been all afternoon.
Tom and Mary's father doesn't allow them to drink wine.
Tom and Mary wrote poems when they were in high school.
I don't know exactly when Tom and Mary plan to get here.
Tom and Mary wrote a book while they were in Australia.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going to go.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell us where they hid the money.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to do that again.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we made them do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary would've succeeded if they'd tried harder.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were interested in jazz.
Tom and Mary would've died if John hadn't rescued them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were good at doing that.
Tom and Mary would lend you money if you asked them to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to Australia.
Tom and Mary would leave early if they were allowed to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were living with your family.
Tom and Mary would do that themselves if they knew how.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to let us do that.
Tom and Mary would do that again if John asked them to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to leave so early.
Tom and Mary won't likely try to do that by themselves.
I did everything I could to help Tom and Mary find jobs.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they won't do that.
I couldn't tell whether Tom and Mary were asleep or not.
Tom and Mary won't know we're here unless we tell them.
I could see Tom and Mary weren't in the mood to do that.
Tom and Mary won't find anyone who'll do that for them.
I can't tell if Tom and Mary are being sarcastic or not.
Tom and Mary won't be here today, because they're sick.
I can't leave until I've found out how Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary wished they'd never asked John to do that.
I assume that Tom and Mary don't have that many friends.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not tired.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit different.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't tired.
How many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
Tom and Mary will probably get injured if they do that.
How do you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary will probably be tired when they get home.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be arrested?
Tom and Mary will never be able to do it by themselves.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary will likely be punished for what they did.
Don't you want to see what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary will help you do that if you want them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Tom and Mary will help John do that if he asks them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that?
Tom and Mary will get in trouble if they don't do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't working very hard when I saw them.
Do you really believe Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't waiting where they said they'd be.
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom and Mary live in?
Tom and Mary weren't told not to do that by themselves.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were doing that?
Tom and Mary weren't sure what John wanted them to buy.
Do you honestly think Tom and Mary have a chance to win?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they needed to do that again.
Do you happen to know when Tom and Mary are coming back?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to help me, but they did.
Didn't you notice that Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, but they did.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't expecting you to do that for them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they could do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still studying French?
Tom and Mary weren't as busy as John told me they'd be.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary weren't as angry as I expected them to be.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were in Boston last winter?
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they wanted to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were good at playing chess?
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they needed to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be French teachers?
Tom and Mary were too young to take care of themselves.
Did you understand what Tom and Mary were trying to say?
Tom and Mary were told that they don't need to do that.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary were told that they don't have to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last year?
Tom and Mary were the first ones to say they'd do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary are also French teachers?
Tom and Mary were sure they were doing the right thing.
Can you explain why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting?
Tom and Mary were sitting at the counter by themselves.
Are you sure Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary were much taller than I thought they'd be.
Are you certain Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary were much busier than I thought they'd be.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to do that?
Tom and Mary were hoping they wouldn't need to do that.
Are Tom and Mary still planning to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary were hoping they wouldn't have to do that.
All the women thought Tom and John were really handsome.
Tom and Mary were here yesterday morning, weren't they?
All I know is that Tom and Mary were at school that day.
Tom and Mary were angry with themselves for being late.
You think Tom and Mary aren't going do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary were angry because John was ignoring them.
You shouldn't believe everything Tom and Mary tell you.
Tom and Mary were able to do everything they had to do.
You should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to sell everything in their garage.
You knew that Tom and Mary were doing that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to live close to where they worked.
You hope Tom and Mary don't make us do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to know who was going to help them.
You don't think Tom and Mary are going do that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted to help, but they didn't have time.
You don't really care how Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to tell them his phone number.
You don't know why Tom and Mary are doing that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to meet some of their friends.
You can't possibly really think Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary wanted John to cook them something to eat.
You can tell Tom and Mary really don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary want you to know what they can do to help.
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary want you to do that so they don't have to.
Why do we care about what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary want me to come back to see them tomorrow.
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be arrested?
Tom and Mary tried to talk John into raking their yard.
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to pay for all this?
Tom and Mary tried to remember what John had told them.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are responsible?
Tom and Mary tried to open the door, but they couldn't.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
Tom and Mary tried to get John to cook dinner for them.
What else do you think Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary tried not to think about what they'd done.
What do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do?
Tom and Mary took something that didn't belong to them.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to go with you yesterday?
Tom and Mary told me they've always done that that way.
We're still trying to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait until 2:to do that.
We had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that if I did that, too.
Too bad Tom and Mary aren't here to show us what to do.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what he has to do.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John in the library.
Tom and Mary told me they won't be in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary were confused and didn't know what to say.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't much older than John.
Tom and Mary want to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going back to Boston.
Tom and Mary have learned a lot about Boston from John.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary have done everything John asked him to do.
Tom and Mary told me they were having trouble sleeping.
Tom and Mary have decided to give John a second chance.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom and Mary told me they thought this was a good idea.
Tom and Mary don't want to be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to buy a new computer.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they had to go back to the office.
Tom and Mary don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like living in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know where John lived.
Tom and Mary don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know who John wants to do that with.
Tom and Mary told me that they're motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who've made mistakes.
Tom and Mary told me that they're desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to answer any more questions.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what we need to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they were too tired to study.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what we have to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they were through doing that.
Tom and Mary are too smart to do something that stupid.
Tom and Mary told me that they were tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary are the most patient people I've ever met.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was thirty.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping me do that now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was stupid.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was strong.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was stingy.
Tom and Mary are looking for a solution to the problem.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sleepy.
Tom and Mary are looking for a place to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was single.
Tom and Mary are here to make sure that doesn't happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was scared.
Tom and Mary are going to try to find a way to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lonely.
Tom and Mary are going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was hungry.
Tom and Mary are going to find out what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was honest.
Tom and Mary are going to discuss that with John later.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was guilty.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as John.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was boring.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as John.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was biased.
There's only one place Tom and Mary are likely to hide.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was asleep.
There's no question that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was afraid.
The only ones who know how to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could swim.
The neighborhood where Tom and Mary live is very quiet.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked working with John.
One of the things Tom and Mary enjoy doing is swimming.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked working in Boston.
Now that Tom and Mary are here, we can start the party.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what that is.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary told John why they didn't want to do that.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't wearing shoes.
Tom and Mary told John what they really thought of him.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know there's still work to do.
Tom and Mary told John they were going to leave Boston.
It's not clear who Tom and Mary were trying to impress.
Tom and Mary told John they waited for him all morning.
It's likely that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary told John they hadn't seen Alice in years.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't know how to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have no idea how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have to do anything.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't very good at dancing.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have anything to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to be early today.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd tried to be careful.
Is it true that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be happy to do that.
I've never seen anyone other than Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ready to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted him to do that.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they told Alice to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was fat.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they'd forgotten to lock the door.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary thought they heard a mouse in the kitchen.
I'm pretty certain that Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends could do that.
I'll see if Tom and Mary want to come over for a visit.
Tom and Mary stressed that they didn't want to do that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come with us.
Tom and Mary stressed that they did that by themselves.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary still don't know why they need to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary still don't know why they have to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so determined to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed up all night texting their friends.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary started to come in, but John stopped them.
I wonder how long Tom and Mary have been sitting there.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of their free time doing that.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary should've visited Boston, but they didn't.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way I showed them.
I want to be ready to leave when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary should've done that before they went home.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were patients of yours.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to help them do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were still studying French.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they want him to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't yet finished doing that.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they need him to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here by now.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they'll do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were present at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary should just tell John they made a mistake.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask us to do that.
Tom and Mary should go ahead and do that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask me to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware of what they had to do.
I think you should do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary seemed convinced that they had to do that.
I think we should never let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary seem to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
I think we should do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they've never tried eating whale meat.
I think this must be the place where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they've never seen anything like that.
I think that's why Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
Tom and Mary say they've always wanted to study French.
I think that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say they've always wanted to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired to do anything else.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired to do any more work.
I think Tom and Mary weren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about not doing that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my wallet.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about becoming cooks.
I think Tom and Mary sound like native French speakers.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you were able to do that.
I think Tom and Mary go to Boston at least once a year.
Tom and Mary say they're concerned about John's health.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that if John wants them to.
I think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary say they'll be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom and Mary are having serious money problems.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather do that some other time.
I think Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary say they won't need to do that right away.
I think Tom and Mary are coming to Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that right away.
I still need to see if Tom and Mary want to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that today.
I pretty much always do the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they won't be bullied into doing that.
I knew that Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to find jobs.
Tom and Mary say they think they'll be able to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary haven't already drunk all the milk.
Tom and Mary say they taught themselves how to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't irritated by all this noise.
Tom and Mary say they sell about thirty of these a day.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary say they saw people running and screaming.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary say they just want to stay for a few days.
I heard that Tom and Mary are planning to come with us.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't try to do that.
I haven't lived in Boston as long as Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can help them tomorrow.
I haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can do that by himself.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they have other things to worry about.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary enjoy swimming so much.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea what they should do.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they have enough money to buy a house.
I hate to say this, but I think Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John to do that.
I finally was able to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to do that on Monday.
I doubt that Tom and Mary were ever in any real danger.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to be back on Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to go swimming with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go to school today.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that here.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll ever do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that now.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that'll happen today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's really going on.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's going to happen.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I have three cats.
Tom and Mary say they don't need to do that right away.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to use slide rules.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they ought to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to play backgammon.
Tom and Mary say they don't know how John will do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to get to my place.
Tom and Mary say they don't know anything about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that right away.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about fishing.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to eat right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about farming.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any of the details yet.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the energy to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends here.
Tom and Mary say they don't have any desire to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to help you today.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like eating right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the stamina to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't ever want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much money in the bank.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they definitely want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many stamps as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know has gone to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what happened.
Tom and Mary saved the last two bullets for themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary sat down next to someone they didn't know.
I don't think Tom and Mary are able to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they've tried doing that three times.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they've been forgiven for doing that.
I don't like this kind of weather, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not do that again.
I don't like the same kind of music as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John should do that.
I don't like the same kind of books as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John has to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're determined to do that for us.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they'll be the first ones to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again tomorrow.
I don't know what Tom and Mary do on Monday afternoons.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again tomorrow.
I don't have as many pairs of socks as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go to John's party.
I didn't think you'd come while Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why you did that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary used to be teachers.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that, so you don't have to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were such good singers.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that, but they haven't yet.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to leave.
Tom and Mary said they'd call me, but they haven't yet.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be there.
Tom and Mary said they'd buy something for John to eat.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd been asked a lot of questions.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the ones that did that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were in Boston last weekend.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for you.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to go to Harvard.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back the Monday after next.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to live in Boston.
I didn't feel I should do what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try to do that anymore.
I could tell Tom and Mary were in a great deal of pain.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try doing that anymore.
I can't really do anything until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't show me how to do that.
I can't imagine what Tom and Mary are so worried about.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let me do that anymore.
How were Tom and Mary able to do that without our help?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do anything about that.
How much longer are Tom and Mary going to be in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be in Boston next week.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to like it?
Tom and Mary said they wished they knew how to do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been so late.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary like doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wished John knew how to do that.
How did we not know that Tom and Mary were lying to us?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they could do that.
For a moment, Tom and Mary were too surprised to speak.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John could do that.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom and Mary were dancing.
Tom and Mary said they weren't likely to do that today.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary are here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't good at speaking French.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to John's concert.
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't exactly sure what to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole that?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to wait until 2:30.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help us do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary know what we were doing here?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help me do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still worried about that?
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help us today.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who did that.
Do you remember whether Tom and Mary were there or not?
Tom and Mary said they were looking for jobs in Boston.
Do you really think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were looking for a place to eat.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary said they were happy they got there early.
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary plan to be here?
Tom and Mary said they were going to stay up all night.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that yesterday.
Do Tom and Mary seriously think that's going to happen?
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to leave.
Do Tom and Mary know what you're going to do next year?
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that again.
Do Tom and Mary feel the same way about that as you do?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Didn't you suspect that Tom and Mary were lying to you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't going to be there?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see us before we left.
Could you tell me what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Could you please be quieter? Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that by themselves.
As it turned out, Tom and Mary were willing to help us.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy something cheaper.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to help them tomorrow.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who know how to do that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to do that for them.
Apparently, Tom and Mary were on television last night.
Tom and Mary said they thought you could help us today.
All we can do now is wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they thought we might have a problem.
Your friends Tom and Mary were here a few minutes ago.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would never happen.
You wrote that you thought Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was a teacher.
You were quicker at doing that than Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John had done that.
You realize how dangerous Tom and Mary are, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be fun.
You need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be scared.
You know what Tom and Mary are going to do, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be surprised.
You know that Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be impressed.
You know that Tom and Mary need to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be exhausted.
You know that Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be depressed.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be back soon.
You have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in the library.
Why do you think Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Tom and Mary said they thought John was good at French.
Why didn't you tell me Tom and Mary weren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary said they thought John looked discouraged.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to go today?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might want to do that.
What makes you think Tom and Mary were talking to you?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that.
What made you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that.
What do you think Tom and Mary were running away from?
Tom and Mary said they still had a lot of things to do.
What color shirts were Tom and Mary wearing yesterday?
Tom and Mary said they saw nothing out of the ordinary.
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all that money?
Tom and Mary said they remember asking John to do that.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to get home before 2:30?
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that today.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary are allergic to.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that again.
We have a few more hours before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they only had thirty dollars on them.
We could have a problem if Tom and Mary show up early.
Tom and Mary said they needed to sort a few things out.
Tom and Mary work eight hours a day, five days a week.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary said they need to find another babysitter.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't need to go.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't have to go.
Tom and Mary said they knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom and Mary often wake up in the middle of the night.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet read that book, but John has.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that.
Tom and Mary have written a lot of interesting things.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary have decided to give John another chance.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston since October.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might want to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John what he should do.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to help us.
Tom and Mary don't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe you really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would help them.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope to be back by October 20th.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it in to work today.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't need to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John go to the party.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary aren't going to eat until John gets home.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't have to do that.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries his best to win.
Tom and Mary are trying to fix that problem right now.
Tom and Mary said they haven't decided what they'll do.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom and Mary are the most boring people I've ever met.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't done that in three years.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they had something going on tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are spending the weekend on John's ranch.
Tom and Mary said they had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary are really looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary said they had more important things to do.
Tom and Mary are looking for places to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they had a difficult time doing that.
Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia in the morning.
Tom and Mary said they found something under the couch.
Tom and Mary are just waiting for something to happen.
Tom and Mary said they felt bad about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary are hoping to have that done by tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they doubted that John would do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to make some new rules.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you need to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do better than this.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you have to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have an interesting evening.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that.
Tom and Mary are determined to find out what happened.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that.
Tom and Mary are collecting blankets for the homeless.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John had to do that.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as you.
Tom and Mary said they don't have any plans to do that.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as you.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to travel with John.
Tom and Mary are actually looking into that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to see John anymore.
Tom and Mary are about thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to make you do that.
This isn't the first time Tom and Mary have been late.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to let John do that.
There's no doubt that Tom and Mary are lying about it.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with you.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't have any money.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that that way.
The only sport Tom and Mary are any good at is tennis.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to borrow any money.
The only ones here who can't do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to wait for them.
The movie Tom and Mary were watching wasn't in French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think you should do that.
The language Tom and Mary were speaking wasn't French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that.
Of course, that was what Tom and Mary were suggesting.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that.
Nobody was listening to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could do that.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't at the party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like chocolate ice cream.
My most interesting Canadian friends are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was absent.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what you're looking for.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John had gone.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't leave before I get there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John did that.
Let's go to the gym and see if Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they should do.
It's up to us to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they had to do.
It's unlikely Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John should do.
It's possible that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John had to do.
It's fortunate that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about that.
It seems to me Tom and Mary are a part of the problem.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about John.
It may have happened when Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John's phone number.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting ready to leave.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to work next Monday.
It looks like Tom and Mary are about the start crying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that tomorrow.
It doesn't matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that now.
Isn't there a chance that Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plan to do that.
Isn't it strange that Tom and Mary aren't here by now?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any books in French.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a driver's licenses.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that now.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, I won't do that either.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't loan any money to John.
If Tom and Mary do that, then we won't have a problem.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't give us what we wanted.
If Tom and Mary are going to do that, I won't do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't afford to see a doctor.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that on their own.
I've got to find out when Tom and Mary plan to arrive.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John should do that.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John has to do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't the reason they did that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary said that they've been wanting to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary said that they've been very busy all week.
I'm better at riding a unicycle than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they're sure they won't do that.
I'd also like to know what Tom and Mary think of this.
Tom and Mary said that they'll go to Boston next month.
I wonder why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd interested in doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't obey those orders.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't willing to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't through doing that.
I wonder what your friends Tom and Mary are doing now.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't tempted to do that.
I wonder how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't feeling very tired.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't doing that anymore.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were joking or not.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at today's meeting.
I was hoping you could tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they were very eager to do that.
I want you to listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to be very late.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were determined to do that.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good coaches.
Tom and Mary said that they thought that it might rain.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they like hanging out with John.
I thought that Tom and Mary were interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think it would rain.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't through doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't quite ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't have a lot of money.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they could make it to the party.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary said no cars passed them on them way here.
I thought Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be doing that.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't permit them to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were smarter than anybody else.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't eat anything they made.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to have a good time.
Tom and Mary said John was sleeping when they got home.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said John wanted them to do that for them.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said John is willing to help them do that.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to tell us something.
Tom and Mary said John has never eaten lunch with them.
I think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said I was the only one who believed them.
I think Tom and Mary have done that at least one time.
Tom and Mary said Boston was warmer than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said Boston was hotter than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for you on the porch.
Tom and Mary said Boston was cooler than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary said Boston was colder than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are only pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John wanted them to do.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better swimmers than you.
Tom and Mary refused my help and did that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary realized they no longer needed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that, but I'm not sure.
Tom and Mary realized that John had been lying to them.
I think Tom and Mary are concealing something from me.
Tom and Mary ran too fast for us to catch up with them.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary ran too fast for me to catch up with them.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary promised us they wouldn't do that anymore.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't drink anymore.
I pretended that I didn't know Tom and Mary were rich.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't do that again.
I never actually believed Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't be late again.
I hope that Tom and Mary leave a piece of cake for me.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't do that anymore.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do anything like that again.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't come here again.
I hope Tom and Mary are gone by the time we get there.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't smoke anymore.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to swim this afternoon.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't do that again.
I hear that Tom and Mary really like living in Boston.
Tom and Mary probably won't do what we want them to do.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they need to buy.
I had no way of knowing who Tom and Mary were meeting.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they have to buy.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary pretended they couldn't understand French.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary pretended that they knew nothing about it.
I don't want to do that and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't recognize John.
I don't want to be here and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary pretended that they couldn't speak French.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary ought to be able to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary never told me they used to live in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary never let anyone forget that they're rich.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do about that.
Tom and Mary never got the chance to do that, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm not Canadian.
Tom and Mary never did anything they didn't want to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to ride unicycles.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten what they promised John.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to cook very well.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston soon after they graduated.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to do that today.
Tom and Mary might be richer than we thought they were.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen this before.
Tom and Mary may not want to do that, but they need to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that before.
Tom and Mary may not want to do that, but they have to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been here before.
Tom and Mary may not have done what they said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much money as I do.
Tom and Mary may not be as smart as you think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning.
Tom and Mary may not be as happy as you think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need help.
Tom and Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to need our help.
Tom and Mary looked like they were hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that again.
Tom and Mary looked like they were finished doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming back here today.
Tom and Mary looked like they were enjoying themselves.
I don't need to know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary looked around and realized they were lost.
I don't like the same kind of food as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary lived with their parents in a small house.
I don't like the neighborhood where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were in college.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were younger.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary lied when they said they didn't like John.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are planning to arrive.
Tom and Mary lied to us about how much money they made.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were being careful enough.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they couldn't do that.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary let John know they didn't know what to do.
I didn't know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary let John know that they wanted to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't students here.
Tom and Mary lent all the money they had on them to me.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary learned to swim when they were very young.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary know they're supposed to do that tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing more they could do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still studying French.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be chosen.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to come with us.
Tom and Mary knew that they were unlikely to be chosen.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going skiing with you.
Tom and Mary knew that John didn't like them very much.
I believe that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary invited their friends over for a barbecue.
I appreciate everything Tom and Mary have done for us.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit strange.
Tom and Mary hoped they wouldn't miss any more classes.
I always felt like Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Tom and Mary hoped that John would eat lunch with them.
How many times a week do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary hoped that John would come to their party.
How long have Tom and Mary been working as carpenters?
Tom and Mary hope that John won't do that without them.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't hiding something?
Tom and Mary hired John to take care of their children.
How do you know Tom and Mary don't know what happened?
Tom and Mary held on to the rope as long as they could.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going be in Boston?
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what we asked them to do.
Here's a list of things that Tom and Mary need to buy.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what they said they'd do.
Do you think you could do what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary haven't talked to me since their accident.
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary haven't said anything since they got home.
Do you think Tom and Mary know I want to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary haven't done anything they shouldn't have.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic?
Tom and Mary haven't been themselves the last few days.
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are right now?
Tom and Mary have tried to kill themselves three times.
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what we want to do?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to do that?
Tom and Mary have some things they have to do tomorrow.
Do Tom and Mary earn enough money to live in the city?
Tom and Mary have promised that they'll do that for us.
Do Tom and Mary always sneeze this much in the spring?
Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves before.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are French teachers?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they want to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to be doing.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were allergic to walnuts?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they have to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary have more than one house?
Tom and Mary have lost a lot of blood and they're weak.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston since they were born.
Did you know Tom and Mary are good at speaking French?
Tom and Mary have done everything we wanted them to do.
After working all day, Tom and Mary were really tired.
Tom and Mary have done everything they were told to do.
You'll do that if Tom and Mary ask you to, won't you?
Tom and Mary have decided to try doing that themselves.
You should make sure that Tom and Mary do that today.
Tom and Mary have been told that they need to pay more.
You should do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary have been doing that since they were kids.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary have been doing that since they were born.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told me what they plan to do.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary have already said that they won't do that.
You know why Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary have already decided what they want to do.
You know why Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary hardly ever go out drinking by themselves.
You know what Tom and Mary are capable of, don't you?
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they had to do.
You don't think Tom and Mary want to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary had a party at their place Monday evening.
You don't think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary got angry when they found the door locked.
You don't really care what Tom and Mary want, do you?
Tom and Mary gave me exactly what I told them I needed.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were living with you.
Tom and Mary forgot to buy what John asked them to buy.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary know here.
Tom and Mary finished the bottle of wine by themselves.
Would you mind if I wait until Tom and Mary get back?
Tom and Mary explained why they didn't want to do that.
Why are you so interested in what Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary explained to us why they couldn't do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary expect us do the same thing they're doing.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary eventually admitted that they'd done that.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to get here?
Tom and Mary eat chocolate ice cream whenever they can.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are Canadians?
Tom and Mary drank the white wine John poured for them.
What kind of music do Tom and Mary like to listen to?
Tom and Mary don't yet know whether they can go or not.
What chance do Tom and Mary have of actually winning?
Tom and Mary don't yet know exactly when they'll leave.
What Tom and Mary have suggested probably won't work.
Tom and Mary don't want John to go to Boston with them.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that before 2:30?
Tom and Mary don't think they're capable of doing that.
Were you aware that Tom and Mary are in the hospital?
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be allowed to do that.
We're lucky Tom and Mary are here to help us do this.
Tom and Mary don't really want to eat with us, do they?
We won't quit searching until Tom and Mary are found.
Tom and Mary don't really think John did that, do they?
We pretended not to see what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary don't really think I can do that, do they?
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary don't really care whether they win or not.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary don't need me to tell them how to do that.
We have to find out who Tom and Mary are working for.
Tom and Mary don't need me to do that for them anymore.
We both know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary don't like people telling them what to do.
Tom and Mary was the only people who understood John.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wasn't at their party.
Tom and Mary have told John that he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they'll do that or not.
Tom and Mary have memorized a number of French songs.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary have been in the hospital since October.
Tom and Mary don't have as much energy as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't want to be professional musicians.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go to Boston by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't remember what happened that night.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do something they'd regret.
Tom and Mary don't remember seeing John at the party.
Tom and Mary didn't want their friends to see them cry.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to know what they'd done.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to surf very well.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would enjoy their party.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't like Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones here who know John.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary are the only friends John has in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping me right now.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they needed his help.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they didn't like him.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to get there.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they intended to do that.
Tom and Mary are ready to do exactly as you've asked.
Tom and Mary didn't speak French when I first met them.
Tom and Mary are only thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to mind sitting by themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to be about three hours late.
Tom and Mary didn't say who they were planning to meet.
Tom and Mary are going to visit John in the hospital.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary are going to eventually figure this out.
Tom and Mary didn't realize that they'd made a mistake.
Tom and Mary are definitely doing that the right way.
Tom and Mary didn't look well the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary are awfully sorry about what's happened.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were in a good mood.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as me.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were having any fun.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as me.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John wanted them to leave.
This is the house where Tom and Mary were brought up.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they were supposed to do.
There must be a reason that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't good drivers.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer had to do that.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever gone is Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't know they had to help John do that.
Suppose Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they had done something wrong.
Please find out when Tom and Mary want us to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough money.
No one seems to have any idea where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to go yesterday.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't having much fun.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John wanted them to stay.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know why you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they should really do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know how to get to my place.
Tom and Mary didn't know anything about this, did they?
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't go with you this morning, did they?
Many people think that Tom and Mary are undependable.
Tom and Mary didn't get up as early as they usually do.
Let's not start drinking until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary didn't get paid for all the work they did.
Let's hope Tom and Mary weren't injured in the crash.
Tom and Mary didn't finish the job we asked them to do.
Let's hope Tom and Mary haven't done anything stupid.
Tom and Mary didn't eat the cookies John made for them.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they're being punished for.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as they were instructed to.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't do everything we wanted them to do.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are skilled musicians.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to do that, did they?
It's going to be a while until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary did that, even though they didn't want to.
It's already 2:and Tom and Mary still aren't here.
Tom and Mary did something they weren't supposed to do.
It seems to me that Tom and Mary are doing very well.
Tom and Mary did everything they promised to do for me.
It seems that Tom and Mary are upset about something.
Tom and Mary did a lot more than what we asked them to.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
Tom and Mary deny that they were the ones who did that.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what John had told them.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in that.
Tom and Mary couldn't find the kind of job they wanted.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't having a good time.
Tom and Mary could've done that, but they chose not to.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
Tom and Mary could've done that if they'd tried harder.
It looks like Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves, I think.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary could swim when they were three years old.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary have slept in days.
Tom and Mary could do that well when they were younger.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary could always try doing that by themselves.
Is it true that Tom and Mary have three dogs at home?
Tom and Mary convinced John that it wasn't their fault.
If Tom and Mary start laughing, I probably will, too.
Tom and Mary claim they don't know anything about John.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very much.
Tom and Mary can go swimming right now if they want to.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are now studying French.
Tom and Mary came to school even though they were sick.
I've been told Tom and Mary have been in an accident.
Tom and Mary burned all the letters they got from John.
I'm the only person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary burned all the letters John had sent them.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary bought eggs, but they forgot to buy bread.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just tired as you are.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them with their homework.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have forgotten about me by now.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd like to do that with them.
I'm quite sure Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd go with them to the beach.
I'm probably the person Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with them.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary asked if they really had to do that today.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are from Australia.
Tom and Mary asked if they had to do that this morning.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary want to do that with us.
Tom and Mary asked if there was anything they could do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John what he thought they should do.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are ever going to be happy.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd teach their son French.
I'll soon find out what Tom and Mary have been doing.
Tom and Mary aren't sure yet whether they'll go or not.
I'll make sure that Tom and Mary never do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't suggesting John did that, are they?
I'll have to stay here and help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to do that on their own.
I'd be curious to know what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it in time, are they?
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as everyone says they are.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't as disorganized as they used to be.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary are unable to do what we asked them to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary are too scared to walk home by themselves.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary are too old to be doing that on their own.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like to do that or not.
Tom and Mary are teaching themselves to play the piano.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like doing that or not.
Tom and Mary are sure they can take care of themselves.
I won't do that if Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary are still studying in Boston, aren't they?
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary are still able to take care of themselves.
I was unaware that Tom and Mary were having problems.
Tom and Mary are standing right behind me, aren't they?
I was told that Tom and Mary weren't to be disturbed.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy whatever they want.
I was the only one who knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy anything they want.
I was surprised Tom and Mary were there this morning.
Tom and Mary are old enough to take care of themselves.
I was in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom and Mary are now in their freshman year at Harvard.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
Tom and Mary are likely to be tired when they get home.
I want to know what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
Tom and Mary are late because their car ran out of gas.
I want to finish eating before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are just a little overweight, aren't they?
I want to eat the same thing Tom and Mary are eating.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that on their own.
I understand that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to eat as soon as they get home.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were friend of yours.
Tom and Mary are going to do what they can to help you.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were on vacation in Australia.
Tom and Mary are going to be sorry they didn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I thought Tom and Mary were going with you guys, too.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get here.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to win the contest.
Tom and Mary are doing that the right way, aren't they?
I thought Tom and Mary were going to join us tonight.
Tom and Mary are careful about what they eat and drink.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to enjoy the party.
Tom and Mary are busy now, so they can't talk with you.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary are better off now than they've ever been.
I thought Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary are a lot happier since they changed jobs.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary always try to do what they think is right.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary almost forgot to take umbrellas with them.
I think that Tom and Mary live somewhere around here.
Tom and Mary admitted that what they'd done was stupid.
I think maybe Tom and Mary have something else to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't know what to do.
I think Tom and Mary were the last people to do that.
This is where Tom and Mary stay when they're in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to be here by now.
The police think that Tom and Mary poisoned themselves.
I think Tom and Mary were just trying to be friendly.
Tell Tom and Mary to get back here as soon as they can.
I think Tom and Mary need to be shown how to do that.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they didn't go to school.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that since October.
Should we tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that?
I think Tom and Mary have to be shown how to do that.
Should we tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that right now.
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they should do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that, either.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know more than they're telling us.
I think Tom and Mary would be tempted to do that.
Not even Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are still determined to do that.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better singers than you.
It's necessary for Tom and Mary to go there themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better players than you.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, they'll do it.
I think Tom and Mary are just trying to be practical.
If you don't want Tom and Mary here, ask them to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are getting tired of doing that.
If that's what Tom and Mary said, then they were lying.
I think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
If Tom and Mary had seen anything, they'd have told us.
I think Tom and Mary are at least partially to blame.
If Tom and Mary don't want to help, they don't have to.
I think Tom and Mary are a little nervous about this.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they should do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
I've already told Tom and Mary they should leave early.
I still have no idea why Tom and Mary are so unhappy.
I'm trying to help Tom and Mary, but they won't let me.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary would've told me if they'd known.
I promise I won't tell anyone where Tom and Mary are.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be tired when they get home.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary were yesterday.
I'm convinced Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I like the same kind of stuff that Tom and Mary like.
I'll never ever forgive Tom and Mary for what they did.
I like the same kind of music that Tom and Mary like.
I'll buy whatever Tom and Mary want me to buy for them.
I know the reason why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary haven't forgotten how to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they should do that.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they had to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remember how to get to our house.
I wanted to hug Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I hope Tom and Mary help me with my homework tonight.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have to talk so loudly.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to buy new snowboards.
I told Tom and Mary that they should go to the meeting.
I heard Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I told Tom and Mary that they should apologize to John.
I have no idea how Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary would be angrier than they were.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
I think Tom and Mary would be safe if they stayed here.
I feel sure that Tom and Mary have already done that.
I think Tom and Mary would be happier if they did that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything.
I think Tom and Mary will be hungry when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who wants to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know they need to help John today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who needs to do that.
I think Tom and Mary expected John to ask them to stay.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about Australia.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to read or write.
I think Tom and Mary did something they shouldn't have.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how deep the pool is.
I think Tom and Mary could help John if they wanted to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go anywhere today.
I suggest you let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to decide right away.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been bartenders.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any ulterior motives.
I should've let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for Monday.
I should've asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary ever get anywhere on time.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy hanging out with us.
I should tell Tom and Mary that I want them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that.
I saw Tom and Mary looking at themselves in the mirror.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to give it back.
I know Tom and Mary could do that if they tried harder.
I don't think Tom and Mary are capable of doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary would love the gifts you gave them.
I don't think I could do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I hope Tom and Mary sing the song I asked them to sing.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary like the present I bought for them.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are always complaining.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you told them to do.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want to eat for lunch.
I doubt that Tom and Mary could get home by themselves.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've swum by themselves.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I don't know if that's what Tom and Mary want or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
I don't go to the movies as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I don't like them.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't think Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I don't care if Tom and Mary agree to do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were planning to go.
I didn't let Tom and Mary finish what they were saying.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were going to arrive.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would ask John to help them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were studying French.
I didn't know Tom and Mary had asked John to help them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary could do that by themselves.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were French teachers.
I couldn't just leave Tom and Mary there by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so interested in art.
I convinced Tom and Mary not to go there by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be so early.
Haven't you asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
I didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to become teachers.
Have Tom and Mary told you why they don't want to stay?
I could tell that Tom and Mary were in a lot of pain.
Have Tom and Mary decided where they'll go next summer?
I can't believe Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right now.
I always listen to anything Tom and Mary have to say.
Do Tom and Mary think they can take care of themselves?
I advise you to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been waiting?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't need to do that?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't have to do that?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were lying to you?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they need to do?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say that?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they have to do?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be fired?
Do Tom and Mary still do that as often as they used to?
Here's a list of things that Tom and Mary need to do.
Did you tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Have Tom and Mary ever had any other health problems?
Did you tell Tom and Mary what I told you to tell them?
Have Tom and Mary ever criticized you for doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we needed to do that?
Have Tom and Mary been asking you questions about me?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't do that by themselves?
From what I can tell, Tom and Mary aren't bad people.
Did Tom and Mary say anything about who they were with?
First, let's talk about what Tom and Mary need to do.
Did Tom and Mary find the person they were looking for?
Even though it's Monday today, Tom and Mary are here.
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you how they first met John?
Don't you always do what Tom and Mary tell you to do?
All I know about Tom and Mary is that they're teachers.
Does anyone here really care what Tom and Mary think?
You told Tom and Mary they should do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
You knew Tom and Mary when they were kids, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done?
You knew Tom and Mary said they'd do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning?
You asked Tom and Mary how they'd do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to find anything?
Why should Tom and Mary need John to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary are any good at doing that?
Why should Tom and Mary do that if they don't have to?
Do you really want to wait till Tom and Mary show up?
Who did Tom and Mary think would cook dinner for them?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being truthful?
When Tom and Mary told me that, I didn't believe them.
Do you really believe that Tom and Mary are reliable?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they retire?
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't come here anymore?
What do you want me to tell Tom and Mary if they call?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been all morning?
We shouldn't have told Tom and Mary what we told them.
Do you know the real reason Tom and Mary aren't here?
We must stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
Do you and Tom and Mary spend a lot of time together?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their schools.
Do Tom and Mary still come to Boston every Christmas?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their offices.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't take care of ourselves?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are actually very smart?
Tom and Mary wouldn't likely go camping by themselves.
Did you see the way Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't let John look at their pictures.
Did you notice that Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let their children do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary wouldn't go off and leave us, would they?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if they had to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here?
Tom and Mary would've gone to Boston if they could've.
Did you know that Tom and Mary have criminal records?
Tom and Mary would never try to do that by themselves.
Did you know Tom and Mary were still studying French?
Tom and Mary would never say what you think they said.
Did you know Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary would do that if they had a lot of money.
Did you know Tom and Mary used to be French teachers?
Tom and Mary wondered where they were supposed to sit.
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did this?
Tom and Mary won't tell me where they put my car keys.
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary won't likely try to do that on their own.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't allergic to peanuts?
Tom and Mary won't leave until they've talked to John.
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to do that.
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not busy.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to sing?
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't busy.
All Tom and Mary need is a little love and affection.
Tom and Mary will never find what they're looking for.
All Tom and Mary have to do tomorrow is go to school.
Tom and Mary will need more money than what they have.
All Tom and Mary do is play video games and watch TV.
Tom and Mary will likely be hungry when they get home.
You think Tom and Mary haven't done that, don't you?
Tom and Mary will have to deal with that on their own.
You should do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary will do that for you if you want them to.
You need to try to understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary will come if they're free this afternoon.
You need to do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary will come back home when they get hungry.
You know why Tom and Mary are doing that, don't you?
Tom and Mary will be very sorry if they don't do that.
You have to do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary weren't told they didn't need to do that.
You don't really think Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary weren't told they didn't have to do that.
You don't like the way Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary weren't as hungry as I thought they'd be.
You don't like it when Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary were wearing cowboy hats when I saw them.
You don't know where Tom and Mary have gone, do you?
Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were children.
Without your help, Tom and Mary don't have a chance.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John crying.
Why should we do what Tom and Mary say we should do?
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what I did.
Why don't we see if Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Tom and Mary were really skinny when I first met them.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were absent yesterday?
Tom and Mary were overweight when they were teenagers.
Why do you think Tom and Mary like baseball so much?
Tom and Mary were hoping they could help John do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be fired?
Tom and Mary were hoping they could do that with John.
Tom and Mary were happy that John helped them do that.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary were going to tell John, but they forgot.
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that?
Tom and Mary were expecting John to help them do that.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't happy here?
Tom and Mary were afraid they'd be eaten by a monster.
We'll have a lot more fun if Tom and Mary come, too.
Tom and Mary went as far as the station by themselves.
We need to finish this before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary wasn't expecting you to do that for them.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary weren't at home when I went to visit them.
We don't even know why Tom and Mary aren't here now.
Tom and Mary wanted to stay longer, but they couldn't.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are much higher than mine.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend time with their children.
Tom and Mary were the only Canadians at the meeting.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn how to defend themselves.
Tom and Mary were lucky to have had help doing that.
Tom and Mary wanted to know why they couldn't go, too.
Tom and Mary said that John wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean the house.
Tom and Mary have been trying to get a hold of John.
Tom and Mary wanted John to drive them to the airport.
Tom and Mary have been sick for the last three days.
Tom and Mary want to do that, but they don't know how.
Tom and Mary have been here for the last three days.
Tom and Mary want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary have apparently been arguing with John.
Tom and Mary want John to know that he can trust them.
Tom and Mary don't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom and Mary used to have guitars, but they sold them.
Tom and Mary don't think John will enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary used to drink a lot before they met John.
Tom and Mary don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary used to be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they'd do that.
Tom and Mary don't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they could win.
Tom and Mary don't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary told us that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they did that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Tom and Mary told me why they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to get much sleep tonight.
Tom and Mary told me to stay here until they got back.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to come back home.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary are using an old bus as a storage shed.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Tom and Mary are the only people who understands me.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what should be done.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't very good at tennis.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't very good at French.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to your being here.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to seeing you soon.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't on the team anymore.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to getting started.
Tom and Mary told me they were too sick to work today.
Tom and Mary are here for the same reason that I am.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to borrow some money.
Tom and Mary are going to a cocktail party tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they found something interesting.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better at doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to work with you.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to study French.
The problem was I didn't know who Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to go to Boston.
The only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to eat any more.
The company where Tom and Mary work is losing money.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like speaking French.
That's not something Tom and Mary really want to do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have time to do that.
That's exactly what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel like doing that.
Possibly Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're prepared to do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary aren't doing that very well.
Tom and Mary told me that they're hesitant to do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very excited about this.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that again.
Nobody else knew Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't afraid of John.
Maybe we should do that after Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to study French.
Let's see if Tom and Mary are staying at this hotel.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Boston.
Just stay in the kitchen until Tom and Mary go home.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was wrong.
It's hard to tell what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was upset.
It's because of me that Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was tired.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sorry.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was right.
It looks like Tom and Mary have bought new bicycles.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was ready.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't like you very much.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lucky.
It looks like Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was funny.
It looks like Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was drunk.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting pretty drunk.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was broke.
It looks like Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was bossy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was bored.
It looks like Tom and Mary are a little preoccupied.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was awake.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was angry.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was alone.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Tom and Mary told me that they thought I looked drunk.
Is it true that Tom and Mary want to live in Boston?
Tom and Mary told John why they wanted him to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan to move to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John why they needed him to do that.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, it would surprise me.
Tom and Mary told John what they thought of his ideas.
If Tom and Mary don't come what are you going to do?
Tom and Mary told John they'd pick him up around 2:30.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are just as scared as you are.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to visit Australia.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are grateful for your support.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help Alice do that.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be able to do that.
I'm pretty sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they were glad to see him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know French.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't eat peanuts.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary haven't been to Boston.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that for me.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary thought they might need to do that today.
I'm not responsible for what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd never see John again.
I'm better at speaking French than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary think they're smarter than everyone else.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary think they'll go shopping this afternoon.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't helping us.
Tom and Mary think they speak French better than John.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't doing that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends will do that.
I wondered why Tom and Mary were absent from school.
Tom and Mary think John would be mad if they did that.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary talked me into going to church with them.
I was wondering if you knew where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary swore that John told them he'd done that.
I was very impressed with Tom's and Mary's speeches.
Tom and Mary still hope John will eat lunch with them.
I was surprised Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary still don't realize that John hates them.
I want you to stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary spend most of their free time doing that.
I want to be gone by the time Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary slept much longer than they'd planned to.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good cooks.
Tom and Mary showed John some pictures of their house.
I understand why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary showed John a photograph of their father.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to want to go.
Tom and Mary shouted to John, but he didn't hear them.
I thought you said you've seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John they want to do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were already doing that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have walked home by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't being careful enough.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have stayed here by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't angry at you anymore.
Tom and Mary should've done what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't allowed to eat candy.
Tom and Mary should've done much better than they did.
I thought Tom and Mary were good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to do that for them.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to make breakfast.
Tom and Mary should tell John why they had to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to do that for me.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they want his help.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're sleepy.
I think that Tom and Mary have made a good decision.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're hungry.
I think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary should be very hungry when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who told me that.
Tom and Mary seem to be enjoying themselves in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary seem to be aware of what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told not to do that.
Tom and Mary seem convinced that they need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
Tom and Mary seem convinced that they have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have been trying to impress me.
Tom and Mary say they've always dreamed of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about getting a dog.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary say they're still planning on doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are still reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to attend our party.
I think Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to Boston next month.
Tom and Mary say they're always dreamed of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are acting a little suspicious.
Tom and Mary say they'll give us all the time we need.
I suggest you stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever they can to help.
I need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll ask John to do that for them.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary are right now.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask John to do that again.
I know why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they want to travel around the world.
I know that Tom and Mary were there a few hours ago.
Tom and Mary say they want to buy one of my paintings.
I know Tom and Mary are very interested in swimming.
Tom and Mary say they thought John enjoyed doing that.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to regret doing that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can probably do that.
I know Tom and Mary are going to want to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they think John would really do that.
I just want to make sure Tom and Mary are all right.
Tom and Mary say they regret that they didn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary haven't changed the combination.
Tom and Mary say they like Boston better than Chicago.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to work this weekend.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't want to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't go to Boston next weekend.
