Mary carries a gun with her all the time.
Mary can't seem to keep her eyes off Tom.
Mary can't have done that all by herself.
Mary can't have done all this by herself.
Mary can take care of herself, can't she?
Mary can keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary can definitely take care of herself.
Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can afford to buy any car she wants.
Mary came to Boston when she was a child.
Mary burned everything Tom had given her.
Mary brings us gifts whenever she visits.
Mary breaks more promises than she keeps.
Mary bought everything she needed to buy.
Mary bought a few things she didn't need.
Mary believes that what she said is true.
Mary became depressed after Tom left her.
Mary became an orphan when she was three.
Mary ate the whole watermelon by herself.
Mary ate the salad that Tom made for her.
Mary asked us to help her move her piano.
Mary asked me to tell her why I did that.
Mary asked me to meet her at the station.
Mary asked me to meet her at the airport.
Mary asked me to do her homework for her.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my car.
Mary asked Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom what she wanted her to do.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do in her shoes.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to dance.
Mary asked Tom to read the letter to her.
Mary always wears goggles when she swims.
Mary always had to do everything herself.
Mary always does that when she's nervous.
Mary always did what she felt like doing.
Mary always carries a harmonica with her.
Mary almost never gets what she asks for.
Mary agreed that she'd pay half the rent.
Mary admitted that she agreed to do that.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that.
Mary admitted she didn't know what to do.
Mary actually did what she said she'd do.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her bicycle.
Let's see if Mary can do that by herself.
Let's hope Mary can take care of herself.
If you see Mary, say hello to her for me.
If Mary had more time, she could do that.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her.
I'm not sure Mary knows what she's doing.
I'll never forgive Mary for what she did.
I'll go with Mary in case she needs help.
I'll give Mary as much time as she wants.
I'll give Mary as much time as she needs.
I'll do that for Mary if she wants me to.
I'd do that for Mary if she wanted me to.
I wonder if Mary knew she should do that.
I wonder if Mary knew she had to do that.
I told Mary that she should study French.
I told Mary that she should leave Boston.
I told Mary that she needed to calm down.
I told Mary that I thought she could win.
I told Mary she should learn how to swim.
I told Mary it was OK for her to do that.
I told Mary I'd pick her up after school.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to help her.
I thought Mary wasn't drunk, but she was.
I thought Mary might ask Tom to help her.
I think Mary might have poisoned herself.
I think Mary lied about where she'd been.
I think Mary lied about how she did that.
I should tell Mary what she needs to buy.
I should tell Mary what I want her to do.
I saw how much Mary was enjoying herself.
I saw Mary standing there all by herself.
I hope Mary likes the gift we bought her.
I hope Mary knows why she has to do that.
I hope Mary does what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what you asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what Tom asked her to do.
I got Mary to admit she'd made a mistake.
I don't think Mary knows that I hate her.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't like her.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to do.
I didn't tell Mary she'd never done that.
I didn't give Mary what she asked me for.
I can't believe Mary did that by herself.
I asked Mary why she was studying French.
How long does Mary expect us to help her?
How long did Mary say she'd be in Boston?
Have you ever seen Mary when she's angry?
Has Mary told Tom about how she met John?
Every time I see Mary, she's chewing gum.
Does Mary think that's all she has to do?
Does Mary think she's been treated badly?
Does Mary know what you expect her to do?
Does Mary know we want her to go with us?
Do you think Mary wants to go by herself?
Did Mary tell Tom why she didn't do that?
Did Mary say who she went to Boston with?
Did Mary say where she went last weekend?
Did Mary say where she found your wallet?
Did Mary say she was going to drink that?
Did Mary say she needed to do that today?
Did Mary say how she was able to do that?
Did Mary say how long she'd be in Boston?
Did Mary say anything she shouldn't have?
Did Mary do something she shouldn't have?
Did Mary behave herself while I was gone?
Did Mary ask Tom why he ate her sandwich?
Ask Mary if she wants to eat out tonight.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with us.
Ask Mary if she can go to Boston with us.
As soon as Mary gets here, I'll tell her.
Are you sure Mary knows what she's doing?
Are you sure Mary can do this by herself?
Are you sure Mary can do that by herself?
Would you tell Mary I'd like to see her?
Would you recognize Mary if you saw her?
Why would Mary have Tom do that for her?
Why does Mary always do that by herself?
Who told Mary she could eat my sandwich?
What'll Mary do when she gets to Boston?
What time did Mary say she'd pick us up?
What did you tell Mary she needed to do?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to do?
What did Mary tell you she needed to do?
What did Mary say she expected us to do?
What Mary ate gave her an upset stomach.
We waited for Mary, but she didn't come.
We counted on Mary, but she let us down.
Usually Mary can get whatever she wants.
There's no way Mary did that on her own.
There's no way Mary did that by herself.
That's why we think Mary killed herself.
Tell Mary we have something to show her.
Tell Mary she has to do that by herself.
Tell Mary I won't go to Boston with her.
No one has told Mary what she has to do.
Maybe Mary isn't as stupid as she looks.
Mary wrapped the blanket around herself.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she talked to.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary wouldn't really do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't let us sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do that even if she could.
Mary would've done that if she could've.
Mary would never go swimming by herself.
Mary would help you if you asked her to.
Mary would do that if she had more time.
Mary would be exhausted if she did that.
Mary wondered why Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary wondered what she was supposed say.
Mary won't tell me what she wants to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's hungry.
Mary won't do that by herself, will she?
Mary won't be happy if she sees me here.
Mary won't allow Tom to hug her anymore.
Mary wished she'd known about the party.
Mary wished she were better at swimming.
Mary wished she could understand French.
Mary wished she could go back to Boston.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's tired.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary will probably be safe where she is.
Mary will help whoever asks her to help.
Mary will get hurt if she's not careful.
Mary will do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary will do that the way I told her to.
Mary will do anything we want her to do.
Mary will be starved when she gets home.
Mary will be able to do that on her own.
Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Mary will ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary will ask Tom to do that, won't she?
Mary wasn't able to get Tom to help her.
Mary wasn't able to buy what she wanted.
Mary wasn't able to buy what she needed.
Mary washed the apple before she ate it.
Mary was worried that she might be late.
Mary was very skinny when she was a kid.
Mary was told that she needs to do that.
Mary was told not to do that by herself.
Mary was the first one here, wasn't she?
Mary was surprised by what Tom told her.
Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary was really tired when she got home.
Mary was lying to us about what she did.
Mary was lucky we were here to help her.
Mary was just trying to protect herself.
Mary was in trouble and we let her down.
Mary was in the bar drinking by herself.
Mary was hoping that Tom would kiss her.
Mary was afraid Tom wouldn't notice her.
Mary wants you to help her wash windows.
Mary wants you to go to Boston with her.
Mary wants you to buy her a ticket, too.
Mary wants you to ask her to your party.
Mary wants us to think she's not lonely.
Mary wants her father to buy her a pony.
Mary wants Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary wanted to say more, but she didn't.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom, but she didn't.
Mary wanted me to buy some food for her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell him her opinion.
Mary wanted Tom to play tennis with her.
Mary vowed she'd never agree to do that.
Mary usually doesn't do that by herself.
Mary used to live in Boston, didn't she?
Mary used to do that when she was a kid.
Mary tried to finish what she was doing.
Mary tried to drown herself last summer.
Mary tried to do that, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to buy everything she needed.
Mary tried doing that, but she couldn't.
Mary took the largest apple for herself.
Mary told you what happened, didn't she?
Mary told us she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told us she wasn't allowed to help.
Mary told us she didn't want to do that.
Mary told us she didn't think she'd win.
Mary told me that she was uncomfortable.
Mary told me that she needed some money.
Mary told me that she grew up in Boston.
Mary told me that she enjoyed the movie.
Mary told me that she enjoyed the drive.
Mary told me that she doesn't want that.
Mary told me that she can't eat peanuts.
Mary told me she's never been to Boston.
Mary told me she'd try doing that again.
Mary told me she'd never been to Boston.
Mary told me she'd like to come with us.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told me she won't agree to do that.
Mary told me she was sick of doing that.
Mary told me she was really happy there.
Mary told me she wanted to teach French.
Mary told me she wanted to learn French.
Mary told me she wanted to buy a jacket.
Mary told me she wanted to be a teacher.
Mary told me she used to live in Boston.
Mary told me she might agree to do that.
Mary told me she likes living in Boston.
Mary told me she had trouble doing that.
Mary told me she doesn't have much time.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me she didn't like eating out.
Mary told me she didn't like doing that.
Mary told me she didn't know what to do.
Mary told me she didn't have to do that.
Mary told me she didn't have much money.
Mary told me she didn't have a passport.
Mary told herself that she should leave.
Mary told everyone that she was adopted.
Mary told Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed more money.
Mary told Tom what she wanted him to do.
Mary told Tom what she needed him to do.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted a divorce.
Mary told Tom that she liked doing that.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom that John was her brother.
Mary told Tom she'd eat lunch with John.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't ever do that.
Mary told Tom she wasn't having any fun.
Mary told Tom she was interested in art.
Mary told Tom she thought he was stupid.
Mary told Tom she needed to talk to him.
Mary told Tom she needed to leave early.
Mary thought that she might be able win.
Mary thought she was going to be killed.
Mary thought she didn't need to do that.
Mary thought she didn't have to do that.
Mary thought she could help Tom do that.
Mary thought she could do that tomorrow.
Mary thought Tom would do that with her.
Mary thinks that Tom has a crush on her.
Mary thinks she's pretty good at guitar.
Mary thinks she's pretty good at French.
Mary thinks she's going to win the race.
Mary thinks she should agree to do that.
Mary thinks she may be able to help you.
Mary thinks she knows where to find Tom.
Mary thinks she knows what Tom is doing.
Mary thinks she doesn't need to do that.
Mary thinks she doesn't have to do that.
Mary talked Tom into doing that for her.
Mary talked Tom into buying her old car.
Mary swore she'd never agree to do that.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary swears she didn't agree to do that.
Mary sure does sleep a lot, doesn't she?
Mary still hasn't bought what she needs.
Mary squeezed this orange juice herself.
Mary spent her summer vacation with Tom.
Mary sounded like she had a sore throat.
Mary sometimes does that when she's sad.
Mary showed me some pictures of herself.
Mary showed her stamp collection to Tom.
Mary showed Tom a picture of her family.
Mary shouldn't be doing that by herself.
Mary should've told Tom what she'd done.
Mary should've told Tom she was married.
Mary should've given Tom her old guitar.
Mary should tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she can't eat.
Mary should take better care of herself.
Mary should do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary should ask Tom to help her do that.
Mary seems to know what she needs to do.
Mary seems to have everything she needs.
Mary seems to have done that by herself.
Mary seems like she's a lot happier now.
Mary seemed to think we didn't like her.
Mary says that she's too tired to study.
Mary says that she's good at doing that.
Mary says that she needs to talk to you.
Mary says she's willing to try anything.
Mary says she's too tired today to help.
Mary says she's read all of these books.
Mary says she's good at speaking French.
Mary says she's done that several times.
Mary says she's been mugged three times.
Mary says she'll never agree to do that.
Mary says she'll need to think about it.
Mary says she'll do that this afternoon.
Mary says she'd rather do that tomorrow.
Mary says she wouldn't agree to do that.
Mary says she won't tell Tom to do that.
Mary says she won't talk to Tom anymore.
Mary says she won't go there by herself.
Mary says she was just following orders.
Mary says she wants to help Tom do that.
Mary says she wants more time than that.
Mary says she walks to school every day.
Mary says she understands how Tom feels.
Mary says she thought she could do that.
Mary says she thinks she should do that.
Mary says she thinks she has to do that.
Mary says she only wants to talk to you.
Mary says she needs to help Tom do that.
Mary says she needs to buy a flashlight.
Mary says she needs more time than that.
Mary says she might not have to do that.
Mary says she likes chocolate ice cream.
Mary says she just wants to stay in bed.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't be afraid.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't do that.
Mary says she heard Tom speaking French.
Mary says she hasn't heard from Tom yet.
Mary says she hasn't been sleeping well.
Mary says she has actually seen a ghost.
Mary says she doesn't think she can win.
"Did something happen between you two?" "Not really."
I don't even know why I'm telling you this.
Mary says she doesn't think I'd do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember anything.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom left.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom did.
Mary says she doesn't know anybody here.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe in ghosts.
Mary says she did that without thinking.
Mary says she could never do that again.
Mary says she can't wait to get started.
Mary says she can't give me what I want.
Mary says she can't give me what I need.
Mary says she can swim across the river.
Mary says she can speak a little French.
Mary says she can get you what you want.
Mary says she can get you what you need.
Mary says she appreciates all your help.
Mary says she always told Tom the truth.
Mary says she always does that this way.
Mary says she always does that that way.
Mary says everybody she knows does that.
Mary sat at the bar drinking by herself.
Mary said they wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said that's what she always wanted.
Mary said that she's sure she won't win.
Mary said that she'd pick us up at 2:30.
Mary said that she'd been very careless.
Mary said that she'd be glad to do that.
Mary said that she'd be back right away.
Mary said that she wasn't really scared.
Mary said that she was very embarrassed.
Mary said that she was ready to do that.
Mary said that she was in love with Tom.
Mary said that she was going to do that.
Mary said that she was going to be late.
Mary said that she was enjoying herself.
Mary said that she wanted to go with us.
Mary said that she wanted to forget Tom.
Mary said that she thought Tom was cute.
Mary said that she plays the flute, too.
Mary said that she feels like going out.
Mary said that she didn't want to drive.
Mary said that she also plays the flute.
Mary said that Tom was in love with her.
Mary said she's sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's studying to be a doctor.
Mary said she's ready to defend herself.
Mary said she's never seen Tom eat meat.
Mary said she's never met Tom's parents.
Mary said she's happy that you did that.
Mary said she's had no trouble sleeping.
Mary said she's glad you didn't do that.
Mary said she's glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom wasn't injured.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she's excused from doing that.
Mary said she's been waiting since 2:30.
Mary said she's been very busy all week.
Mary said she's been robbed three times.
Mary said she's afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she'll be turning thirty soon.
Mary said she'll be in Boston next week.
Mary said she'd wait for Tom until 2:30.
Mary said she'd rather not speak French.
Mary said she'd rather not do that here.
Mary said she'd rather do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather die than do that.
Mary said she'd prefer that Tom do that.
Mary said she'd never speak to me again.
Mary said she'd never go back to Boston.
Mary said she'd never been there before.
Mary said she'd like you to do that now.
Mary said she'd help us any way she can.
Mary said she'd help me get what I need.
Mary said she'd help me do that as well.
Mary said she'd help if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd finish doing that alone.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd call Tom Monday evening.
Mary said she'd be back on October 20th.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't agree to do that.
Mary said she wondered why Tom did that.
Mary said she won three hundred dollars.
Mary said she wasn't worried about that.
Mary said she wasn't willing to help us.
Mary said she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to vote.
Mary said she wasn't interested in that.
Mary said she wasn't having a good time.
Mary said she wasn't at home last night.
Mary said she wasn't allowed to do that.
Mary said she was very unlikely do that.
Mary said she was too stupid to do that.
Mary said she was too sleepy to do that.
Mary said she was told to do that again.
Mary said she was starting to get tired.
Mary said she was just about to do that.
Mary said she was in no rush to do that.
Mary said she was going to study French.
Mary said she was going to go to Boston.
Mary said she was determined to do that.
Mary said she was at her parents' house.
Mary said she wanted to see Tom do that.
Mary said she wanted to help us do that.
Mary said she wanted to go to the beach.
Mary said she wanted to buy another car.
Mary said she wanted to be an architect.
Mary said she tried to help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought you could do that.
Mary said she thought that we could win.
Mary said she thought that Tom was cute.
Mary said she thought that Tom was busy.
Mary said she thought she'd be arrested.
Mary said she thought she could help us.
Mary said she thought she could do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be late.
Mary said she thought Tom would be here.
Mary said she thought Tom would be cold.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't asleep.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom was with John.
Mary said she thought Tom was terrified.
Mary said she thought Tom was surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom was in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom was at school.
Mary said she thought Tom taught French.
Mary said she thought Tom despised John.
Mary said she thought Tom could do that.
Mary said she thought I seemed confused.
Mary said she thinks I'd be able to win.
Mary said she talked with Tom yesterday.
Mary said she should've done that alone.
Mary said she really regrets doing that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that.
Mary said she now regrets that decision.
Mary said she needed to call the police.
Mary said she needed to be more careful.
Mary said she needed something to drink.
Mary said she knew you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew you couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew what Tom ought to do.
Mary said she knew she'd be able to win.
Mary said she knew it was time to leave.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she just got back from Boston.
Mary said she just didn't have the time.
Mary said she isn't the least bit tired.
Mary said she hopes to change that soon.
Mary said she hopes that'll happen soon.
Mary said she heard Tom speaking French.
Mary said she hasn't decided what to do.
Mary said she has to do that by herself.
Mary said she had to do that by herself.
Mary said she had something else to say.
Mary said she had nothing to talk about.
Mary said she had no idea where Tom was.
Mary said she had a great time with you.
Mary said she figured she could do that.
Mary said she figured Tom could do that.
Mary said she felt compelled to do that.
Mary said she enjoyed herself in Boston.
Mary said she doesn't think she can win.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom is.
Mary said she doesn't care if I do that.
Mary said she didn't want to talk to me.
Mary said she didn't want to go with us.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that.
Mary said she didn't want any more help.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was busy.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't see Tom doing that.
Mary said she didn't often go to Boston.
Mary said she didn't need any more time.
Mary said she didn't need any more help.
Mary said she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom was.
Mary said she didn't know all the rules.
Mary said she didn't know Tom very well.
Mary said she didn't have to work today.
Mary said she didn't go camping anymore.
Mary said she didn't feel like laughing.
Mary said she didn't do that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't believe it herself.
Mary said she couldn't wait much longer.
Mary said she couldn't sleep last night.
Mary said she couldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she could give Tom some money.
Mary said she can't walk without a cane.
Mary said she can't sing as well as Tom.
Mary said she called Tom Monday evening.
Mary said she believed what Tom told us.
Mary said she assumed Tom would do that.
Mary said she already agreed to do that.
Mary said it was her who should do that.
Mary said it was her who had to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows does that.
Mary said Tom has never met her parents.
Mary regrets that she agreed to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she lived.
Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Mary really likes swimming, doesn't she?
Mary really is upset with us, isn't she?
Mary really is a nice person, isn't she?
Mary really does swim well, doesn't she?
Mary realized that she'd made a mistake.
Mary realized she was likely to be late.
Mary realized she had been unreasonable.
Mary realized Tom wasn't talking to her.
Mary promised that she'd do that for me.
Mary promised she'd never do that again.
Mary promised she'd never be late again.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary promised she wouldn't say anything.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that here.
Mary promised she won't do that anymore.
Mary promised me she'd come to my party.
Mary promised Tom she'd stop doing that.
Mary promised Tom she'd come home early.
Mary promised Tom she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't hurt him.
Mary probably didn't do that by herself.
Mary pretty much gets what she asks for.
Mary pretended that she didn't know Tom.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom.
Mary poured a glass of wine for herself.
Mary ordered drinks for Tom and herself.
Mary obviously knows that Tom likes her.
Mary noticed that Tom was following her.
Mary never told me why she got divorced.
Mary never told me she was a vegetarian.
Mary needs to get herself a good lawyer.
Mary needs to do that before she leaves.
Mary needs all the practice she can get.
Mary must've thought she had to do that.
Mary might think that we don't like her.
Mary might not be as happy as she seems.
Mary might not be as happy as she looks.
Mary might get injured if she does that.
Mary may use my bicycle if she wants to.
Mary made sure nobody was following her.
Mary loves Tom, but he doesn't love her.
Mary looks younger than she actually is.
Mary looks like she's going to pass out.
Mary looks like she's been up all night.
Mary looks as if she's enjoying herself.
Mary looks a lot like John, doesn't she?
Mary looked like she was ready to leave.
Mary looked like she was in a good mood.
Mary lives in the house she was born in.
Mary lived in Boston when she was a kid.
Mary likes Tom, but he doesn't like her.
Mary liked to swim when she was younger.
Mary lied to Tom when she said did that.
Mary lied to Tom about where she'd been.
Mary let me know that she had done that.
Mary left as soon as she had the chance.
Mary knows that she should do that soon.
Mary knows that she has to do that soon.
Mary knows she's not likely to be fired.
Mary knows she's going to lose the race.
Mary knows she shouldn't have said that.
Mary knows she no longer has to do that.
Mary knows she has to help Tom tomorrow.
Mary knows she has no chance of winning.
Mary knows she doesn't have much choice.
Mary knows exactly what she ought to do.
Mary knows exactly what she needs to do.
Mary knew that Tom didn't like her much.
Mary knew she'd just made a big mistake.
Mary knew she could've done that better.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't let her kiss him.
Mary knew Tom understood what she meant.
Mary just kept doing what she was doing.
Mary isn't going to do that now, is she?
Mary isn't as young as you think she is.
Mary isn't as selfish as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as I thought she was.
Mary isn't as patient as she used to be.
Mary isn't as helpful as she used to be.
Mary isn't as healthy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as finicky as she used to be.
Mary isn't as curious as she used to be.
Mary isn't as careful as she used to be.
Mary isn't allowed to go out by herself.
Mary isn't about to admit she was wrong.
Mary is well paid for the work she does.
Mary is wearing what she wore yesterday.
Mary is waiting for someone to help her.
Mary is usually quite direct, isn't she?
Mary is too young to do that by herself.
Mary is sure she needs to do that again.
Mary is still there with you, isn't she?
Mary is still married to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is still in high school, isn't she?
Mary is still engaged to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is really narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is quite good at French, isn't she?
Mary is planning to ask Tom to help her.
Mary is old enough to travel by herself.
Mary is never coming home again, is she?
Mary is much older than she says she is.
Mary is much fatter than she used to be.
Mary is much busier than she used to be.
Mary is making herself something to eat.
Mary is making a list of what she wants.
Mary is making a list of what she needs.
Mary is looking for someone to help her.
Mary is just being practical, isn't she?
Mary is hoping you can do that with her.
Mary is hoping she doesn't get arrested.
Mary is hoping she can help Tom do that.
Mary is hoping she can do that with Tom.
Mary is going to wait for us, isn't she?
Mary is busy, so she can't help you now.
Mary is a university student, isn't she?
Mary is a compulsive gambler, isn't she?
Mary hired Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary helps anyone who asks her for help.
Mary helps Tom, but he doesn't help her.
Mary hates Tom as much as she hates him.
Mary hated Tom as much as she hated him.
Mary hasn't done what we told her to do.
Mary has told me she's ready to do that.
Mary has to do what she thinks is right.
Mary has some things that she has to do.
Mary has said she won't hug Tom anymore.
Mary has said she won't do that anymore.
Mary has lots of things she wants to do.
Mary has lots of things she needs to do.
Mary has her reasons for not doing that.
Mary has blue eyes just like her mother.
Mary has been trying to find her father.
Mary has been told she needs to do that.
Mary has been studying hard, hasn't she?
Mary has been quite unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been in her tent all afternoon.
Mary has been helping a lot, hasn't she?
Mary has been doing that her whole life.
Mary has a younger brother, doesn't she?
Mary has a lot of problems, doesn't she?
Mary has a lot of confidence in herself.
Mary had to take care of Tom by herself.
Mary had no money with her at that time.
Mary had no idea what she needed to buy.
Mary had long hair when I first met her.
Mary had better hurry or she'll be late.
Mary got lost on her way to Tom's house.
Mary gave Tom her permission to do that.
Mary found herself a seat near the door.
Mary explained why she couldn't do that.
Mary expects Tom to eat dinner with her.
Mary expected Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
Mary eats hotdogs every chance she gets.
Mary doesn't want to do that on her own.
Mary doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom anywhere near her.
Mary doesn't usually do that by herself.
Mary doesn't think she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think I can swim, does she?
Mary doesn't see why she should do that.
Mary doesn't remember who told her that.
Mary doesn't really want me to help her.
Mary doesn't really mean that, does she?
Mary doesn't really live here, does she?
Mary doesn't permit her kids to do that.
Mary doesn't often go hiking by herself.
Mary doesn't need to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't like talking about herself.
Mary doesn't know you're here, does she?
Mary doesn't know why Tom is mad at her.
Mary doesn't know what she really wants.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't know if she'll come or not.
Mary doesn't have to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't even understand it herself.
Mary doesn't cry as much as she used to.
Mary does exactly what I tell her to do.
Mary didn't want to go there by herself.
Mary didn't want me to help her do that.
Mary didn't want anybody to talk to her.
Mary didn't think she needed to do that.
Mary didn't think she needed a new coat.
Mary didn't think Tom would talk to her.
Mary didn't tell me where she was going.
Mary didn't tell me she lived in Boston.
Mary didn't tell me she knew my brother.
Mary didn't tell Tom who her father was.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't say what time she'd be home.
Mary didn't say what else she had to do.
Mary didn't really want to eat, did she?
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't put you up to this, did she?
Mary didn't need to go there by herself.
Mary didn't like what she saw Tom doing.
Mary didn't know that Tom could see her.
Mary didn't know she was being followed.
Mary didn't know how to control herself.
Mary didn't know how she should do that.
Mary didn't know how much she had spent.
Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't do that on purpose, did she?
Mary didn't do that entirely on her own.
Mary didn't do everything she had to do.
Mary didn't buy what she said she'd buy.
Mary didn't actually do that by herself.
Mary did what she thought she should do.
Mary did what she promised to do for us.
Mary did what she promised to do for me.
Mary did what she felt she needed to do.
Mary did what Tom said she needed to do.
Mary did that while she was half asleep.
Mary did that whenever she had a chance.
Mary did that intentionally, didn't she?
Mary did that because she was forced to.
Mary did that because she had no choice.
Mary did more than what we asked her to.
Mary did exactly what we told her to do.
Mary did exactly what she said she'd do.
Mary did everything we wanted her to do.
Mary did everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary did come, but she didn't stay long.
Mary decided to go to Boston by herself.
Mary couldn't have made this by herself.
Mary couldn't have done that on her own.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself.
Mary couldn't do that even if she tried.
Mary couldn't do anything she had to do.
Mary couldn't come because she was sick.
Mary couldn't come because she was busy.
Mary couldn't buy everything she needed.
Mary couldn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary could've helped me, but she didn't.
Mary could've done that, but she didn't.
Mary could get punished if she did that.
Mary could do a lot better if she tried.
Mary could come with me if she wants to.
Mary considers herself relatively lucky.
Mary closed the door quietly behind her.
Mary claims that she's never lied to me.
Mary claims that she was born in Boston.
Mary claims she never wanted to do that.
Mary claims she didn't agree to do that.
Mary can't tie her shoelaces by herself.
Mary can't picture herself as a teacher.
Mary can't have written this by herself.
Mary can't decide whether she should go.
Mary can't decide when she should leave.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she wants to.
Mary can tell Tom anything she wants to.
Mary can stay here as long as she likes.
Mary can sit next to me if she wants to.
Mary built this doghouse all by herself.
Mary blames Tom for all of her problems.
Mary begged me to let her go home early.
Mary assured Tom that she could do that.
Mary asked me to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked me to go to a movie with her.
Mary asked me if she could hold my hand.
Mary asked me if I could do her a favor.
Mary asked if she really had to do that.
Mary asked Tom to meet her in the lobby.
Mary asked Tom to meet her after school.
Mary asked Tom to let her drive his car.
Mary asked Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom to follow her downstairs.
Mary asked Tom to call her after dinner.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her French.
Mary asked Tom if he'd take her picture.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she did.
Mary apologized to Tom for her rudeness.
Mary always does that when she's scared.
Mary always carries her camera with her.
Mary already knows what she needs to do.
Mary almost told Tom that she loved him.
Mary almost always does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd been dishonest.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been fair.
Mary admitted that she broke the window.
Mary admitted she couldn't speak French.
Mary actually got Tom to dance with her.
Mary actually figured it out by herself.
Mary actually didn't do that by herself.
Mary accepted the money Tom offered her.
It's up to Mary whether she goes or not.
If you see Mary, please tell her for me.
I've already told Mary I won't help her.
I'm not letting Mary do this by herself.
I'm looking for Mary. Have you seen her?
I'll meet Mary where we always meet her.
I'll do that for Mary if she asks me to.
I'll ask Mary why she agreed to do that.
I'd do that for Mary if she asked me to.
I wouldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I wish Mary had told me she was married.
I told Mary why she should study French.
I told Mary to help Tom, but she didn't.
I told Mary the same thing you told her.
I told Mary the same thing Tom told her.
I told Mary I'd help her clean her room.
I told Mary I thought she could do that.
I think we should tell Mary we love her.
I think Mary thought she had to do that.
I think Mary could do that if she tried.
I should've asked Mary why she did that.
I should tell Mary what she needs to do.
I reminded Mary that she had to do that.
I really wish Mary would behave herself.
I let Mary do that anytime she wants to.
I know that Mary expects me to help her.
I know Mary would leave if we'd let her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I hope Mary likes what I bought for her.
I hope Mary did what you told her to do.
I hope Mary did what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what Tom told her to do.
I helped Mary buy everything she needed.
I heard Mary say she needed to find Tom.
I expected Mary to call, but she didn't.
I don't want Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she wants.
I don't think Mary has her phone on her.
I don't let Mary go swimming by herself.
I couldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I can't remember what Mary said she did.
I bumped into Mary and knocked her down.
I believe Mary can take care of herself.
I asked Mary why she had gone to Boston.
I asked Mary to tell me what she wanted.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go abroad.
I asked Mary if she had any suggestions.
How long did Mary say she was in Boston?
How did Mary like the gift you gave her?
Haven't you asked Mary why she did that?
Has anybody asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary decided what she's going to do?
Don't permit Mary to do that by herself.
Don't disturb Mary while she's studying.
Does Mary really expect Tom to help her?
Does Mary know why Tom doesn't like her?
Did you know Mary was living by herself?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't do that?
Did you ask Mary what she meant by that?
Did Mary tell you she's studying French?
Did Mary say which way she'd be heading?
Did Mary say where she was last weekend?
Did Mary say she didn't want to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary really think we would help her?
Did Mary leave Tom or did she leave him?
Call Mary and tell her we're on our way.
All Mary wanted was someone to love her.
All I did was ask Mary if she was happy.
You should let Mary decide for herself.
Why don't you call Mary and remind her?
Why don't you ask Mary what she thinks?
Why did Mary say she wanted to do that?
Who did Mary say was going to help her?
Where did Mary live when she was a kid?
When did Mary tell you she was leaving?
What did Mary say she expected to find?
We'll need to ask Mary what she thinks.
We'll ask Mary and see what she thinks.
This is where Mary told us to meet her.
This is just what Mary said she wanted.
That looks like Mary, but it isn't her.
Tell Mary she should go back to Boston.
Please tell Mary where she needs to go.
Please tell Mary to do that by herself.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Mary's uncle sent her a Christmas card.
Mary's parents died when she was three.
Mary's husband said he was leaving her.
Mary's dog followed her into the house.
Mary's doctor told her to quit smoking.
Mary's curiosity got the better of her.
Mary wrapped herself in a warm blanket.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she did that.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom how old she was.
Mary wouldn't leave us here, would she?
Mary wouldn't do that again, would she?
Mary wouldn't admit that she was wrong.
Mary would do that if you asked her to.
Mary would do that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do that again if she had to.
Mary would be punished if she did that.
Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
Mary would be arrested if she did that.
Mary wondered which one she should buy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's tired.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary won't let us go there without her.
Mary won't leave unless you ask her to.
Mary won't go unless Tom goes with her.
Mary won't eat anything I cook for her.
Mary won't be skiing with us, will she?
Mary wishes she didn't have to do that.
Mary wished she could've stayed longer.
Mary wished Tom could've gone with her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's busy.
Mary will never admit that she's wrong.
Mary will have to do it all by herself.
Mary will give me that if I ask her to.
Mary will eat as soon as she gets home.
Mary will come back. I'm sure she will.
Mary will be punished for what she did.
Mary will be late if she doesn't hurry.
Mary wasn't told to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't told she shouldn't do that.
Mary wasn't telling the truth, was she?
Mary wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
Mary wasn't sure she needed to do that.
Mary wasn't able to do what she wanted.
Mary wasn't able to do that by herself.
Mary was very hungry when she got home.
Mary was unable to get Tom to help her.
Mary was thirteen when she disappeared.
Mary was there, but she didn't help us.
Mary was surprised when Tom kissed her.
Mary was sure she had to do that again.
Mary was mumbling something to herself.
Mary was lucky she was able to do that.
Mary was hoping she could cheer Tom up.
Mary was glad that Tom agreed with her.
Mary was busy, so she couldn't help us.
Mary was at school when Tom called her.
Mary was afraid to go there by herself.
Mary was able to do what she had to do.
Mary wants to know if you remember her.
Mary wants Tom to babysit her children.
Mary wanted to leave, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted me to do something for her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her what to do.
Mary wanted Tom to loan her some money.
Mary wanted Tom to lend her some money.
Mary usually gets everything she wants.
Mary used to think Tom didn't like her.
Mary used to do that a lot, didn't she?
Mary turned and saw Tom looking at her.
Mary tried to see if she could do that.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to help her.
Mary tried to make herself comfortable.
Mary tried to convince Tom to help her.
Mary tried to be as quiet as she could.
Mary took the job that Tom offered her.
Mary took out her phone and called Tom.
Mary told you I was coming, didn't she?
Mary told us she thought she'd do that.
Mary told us she could teach us French.
Mary told me why she didn't want to go.
Mary told me why she agreed to do that.
Mary told me that she's doing that now.
Mary told me that she'll join us later.
Mary told me that she'd be cooperative.
Mary told me that she was disappointed.
Mary told me that she was ambidextrous.
Mary told me that she doesn't like Tom.
Mary told me she's never talked to Tom.
Mary told me she'd win, but she didn't.
Mary told me she'd never do that again.
Mary told me she'd never be late again.
Mary told me she'd forgotten something.
Mary told me she'd complain about that.
Mary told me she won't do that anymore.
Mary told me she wants to go to Boston.
Mary told me she thought she might win.
Mary told me she thought she could win.
Mary told me she probably wouldn't win.
Mary told me she had skipped breakfast.
Mary told me she didn't like this book.
Mary told me she didn't have much time.
Mary told me she didn't have insurance.
Mary told me she didn't have any money.
Mary told me she didn't have an office.
Mary told me she couldn't speak French.
Mary told me Tom cooked dinner for her.
Mary told Tom why she had to work late.
Mary told Tom why she enjoyed swimming.
Mary told Tom why she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary told Tom that she'd been punished.
Mary told Tom that she was very hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was unimpressed.
Mary told Tom that she was sympathetic.
Mary told Tom that she was heartbroken.
Mary told Tom that she was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she was discouraged.
Mary told Tom that she wanted his help.
Mary told Tom that she thought I'd win.
Mary told Tom that she needed his help.
Mary told Tom that she didn't love him.
Mary told Tom she was ready to do that.
Mary told Tom she was going to do that.
Mary told Tom she had to go home early.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't see her.
Mary thought she'd never see Tom again.
Mary thought she was going to be fired.
Mary thought she might need to do that.
Mary thought she might have to do that.
Mary thought she could help us do that.
Mary thought Tom would do that for her.
Mary thought Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary thought Tom was going to help her.
Mary thinks she could probably do that.
Mary swore she'd never do that anymore.
Mary swore she didn't agree to do that.
Mary swears she's telling us the truth.
Mary suggested I go with her to Boston.
Mary still has to do that, doesn't she?
Mary started crying when she fell down.
Mary showed Tom the poem she'd written.
Mary showed Tom the book she'd written.
Mary should've told me she was married.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should get Tom to do that for her.
Mary should do that as soon as she can.
Mary should ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary shared her piece of cake with Tom.
Mary seemed to know what she should do.
Mary seemed to know what she had to do.
Mary seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
Mary seemed quite pleased with herself.
Mary seemed a little jumpy, didn't she?
Mary says you talked her into doing it.
Mary says you still won't speak to her.
Mary says the smell doesn't bother her.
Mary says the noise doesn't bother her.
Mary says that she's never lied to Tom.
Mary says that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary says that she'll agree to do that.
Mary says that she won't do that again.
Mary says that she plans on doing that.
Mary says that she has to do that, too.
Mary says that she enjoyed the concert.
Mary says that she can be here by 2:30.
Mary says that she also has to do that.
Mary says she's trying to quit smoking.
Mary says she's not feeling any better.
Mary says she's learned a lot from Tom.
Mary says she's hoping she can do that.
Mary says she's considering doing that.
Mary says she's been fired three times.
Mary says she'll still be here at 2:30.
Mary says she'd never buy one of those.
Mary says she'd never agree to do that.
Mary says she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary says she won't do that by herself.
Mary says she won't bother Tom anymore.
Mary says she won't ask you to do that.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she wants to live by herself.
Mary says she wants to go there by bus.
Mary says she understands how you feel.
Mary says she thinks she won't do that.
Mary says she thinks it's not possible.
Mary says she thinks it isn't possible.
Mary says she never thought about that.
Mary says she likes this kind of music.
Mary says she isn't worried about that.
Mary says she isn't afraid of anything.
Mary says she hopes that Tom does that.
Mary says she hasn't slept in hours.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom recently.
Mary says she has something to show us.
Mary says she has no idea where Tom is.
Mary says she has no desire to do that.
Mary says she has never been to Boston.
Mary says she has everything she needs.
Mary says she feels a lot better today.
Mary says she doesn't want to hurt Tom.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll win.
Mary says she doesn't think she snores.
Mary says she doesn't remember a thing.
Mary says she doesn't know how to swim.
Mary says she doesn't have enough time.
Mary says she doesn't have any regrets.
Mary says she doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary says she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary says she definitely won't do that.
Mary says she can't prove Tom did that.
Mary says she can't ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she believes she can do that.
Mary says she already knows the answer.
Mary says everyone she knows does that.
Mary says everybody she knows can swim.
Mary saves about 30% of what she earns.
Mary saved the last bullet for herself.
Mary said that's what she wants to eat.
Mary said that's what she wants to buy.
Mary said that wasn't why she did that.
Mary said that she'd been very unlucky.
Mary said that she won't do that again.
Mary said that she wasn't very worried.
Mary said that she wasn't very thirsty.
Mary said that she wasn't tired at all.
Mary said that she wasn't feeling well.
Mary said that she wasn't disappointed.
Mary said that she wasn't conservative.
Mary said that she wasn't at all tired.
Mary said that she was very suspicious.
Mary said that she was very optimistic.
Mary said that she was very interested.
Mary said that she was unfazed by that.
Mary said that she was too busy to eat.
Mary said that she was in love with me.
Mary said that she was already married.
Mary said that she needed to go to bed.
Mary said that she intended to do that.
Mary said that she did that by herself.
Mary said that she couldn't believe it.
Mary said she's seen people doing that.
Mary said she's noticed the difference.
Mary said she's not allowed to do that.
Mary said she's never seen Tom do that.
Mary said she's never done that before.
Mary said she's glad you could do that.
Mary said she's glad that you did that.
Mary said she's glad she could do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom could do that.
Mary said she's aware of the situation.
Mary said she's always lived in Boston.
Mary said she's always been an athlete.
Mary said she'll try to do that for me.
Mary said she'll never quit doing that.
Mary said she'd think about doing that.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom about that.
Mary said she'd see what could be done.
Mary said she'd rather not do that now.
Mary said she'd rather do that herself.
Mary said she'd probably do that today.
Mary said she'd prefer to stay at home.
Mary said she'd never done that before.
Mary said she'd never do that with Tom.
Mary said she'd never agree to do that.
Mary said she'd like to live in Boston.
Mary said she'd help Tom with his plan.
Mary said she'd come over this evening.
Mary said she'd be willing to help Tom.
Mary said she'd be thrilled to do that.
Mary said she'd be thirteen next month.
Mary said she'd be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't walk home today.
Mary said she wouldn't wait any longer.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she won't ever do that again.
Mary said she won't attend the meeting.
Mary said she wished you could do that.
Mary said she wished she could do that.
Mary said she wished Tom would do that.
Mary said she wished Tom could do that.
Mary said she wasn't worried about Tom.
Mary said she wasn't likely to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to be there.
Mary said she wasn't going to Tom's party.
Mary said she wasn't being paid enough.
Mary said she was unwilling to do that.
Mary said she was trying to stay awake.
Mary said she was trying to be careful.
Mary said she was too young to do that.
Mary said she was too tired to do that.
Mary said she was too drunk to do that.
Mary said she was the one who did that.
Mary said she was hoping you'd do that.
Mary said she was going to talk to Tom.
Mary said she was going to take a bath.
Mary said she was going to let Tom win.
Mary said she was delighted to do that.
Mary said she was asked not to do that.
Mary said she wants to be an architect.
Mary said she wanted to try to do that.
Mary said she wanted to hear the truth.
Mary said she wanted to get some sleep.
Mary said she wanted to buy a drum set.
Mary said she wanted to be your friend.
Mary said she wanted to be cooperative.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she thought Tom would be shy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't tired.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't happy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't bored.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't awake.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't angry.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't alone.
Mary said she thought Tom was too slow.
Mary said she thought Tom was sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom was mistaken.
Mary said she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary said she thought Tom spoke French.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can't do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that.
Mary said she really enjoyed the movie.
Mary said she really didn't understand.
Mary said she plans on going on Monday.
Mary said she never saw Tom doing that.
Mary said she needed to get some sleep.
Mary said she needed to get more sleep.
Mary said she knew where Tom was going.
Mary said she isn't worried about that.
Mary said she isn't very likely to win.
Mary said she isn't allowed to do that.
Mary said she invited Tom to her party.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be there.
Mary said she heard somebody screaming.
Mary said she has to borrow some money.
Mary said she had the right to do that.
Mary said she had the day off tomorrow.
Mary said she had something to say you.
Mary said she feels a lot better today.
Mary said she expected Tom to help her.
Mary said she doesn't want to kiss Tom.
Mary said she doesn't feel like a hero.
Mary said she doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she doesn't eat pork anymore.
Mary said she doesn't eat meat anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to work late.
Mary said she didn't see Tom yesterday.
Mary said she didn't remember anything.
Mary said she didn't know who did that.
Mary said she didn't intend to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money.
Mary said she didn't feel like dancing.
Mary said she didn't do that yesterday.
Mary said she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary said she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said she couldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she could've done that alone.
Mary said she asked Tom not to do that.
Mary said she almost forgot to do that.
Mary said her new house cost her a lot.
Mary said everything she wanted to say.
Mary said everyone she knows does that.
Mary said everybody she knows can swim.
Mary said Tom wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said Tom has never seen her dance.
Mary runs faster than you, doesn't she?
Mary retired when she was years old.
Mary regrets that she couldn't do that.
Mary refused to tell Tom what she knew.
Mary really is good a sport, isn't she?
Mary realized that Tom didn't like her.
Mary realized she was in love with Tom.
Mary put down the book she was reading.
Mary promised she'd never hit me again.
Mary promised she'd do that right away.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised me that she'd be careful.
Mary promised me she'd teach me French.
Mary promised me she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary probably knows that Tom likes her.
Mary probably can't do that on her own.
Mary prefers to go shopping by herself.
Mary poured herself something to drink.
Mary poured drinks for herself and Tom.
Mary plays piano better than she sings.
Mary parked her car behind Tom's house.
Mary overheard what Tom said about her.
Mary ought to admit that she was wrong.
Mary only does that because she has to.
Mary never told me she didn't like Tom.
Mary never thought she'd see Tom again.
Mary never thought Tom would leave her.
Mary never did what we asked her to do.
Mary needs us to show her the way home.
Mary needed our help, so we helped her.
Mary must be punished for what she did.
Mary moved home to be with her parents.
Mary might've gone kayaking by herself.
Mary may not have done that by herself.
Mary may get arrested if she does that.
Mary may do that again if she wants to.
Mary may be young, but she's very wise.
Mary made no attempt to defend herself.
Mary looks tired. Please take her home.
Mary looks thinner than she did before.
Mary looks like she's in a lot of pain.
Mary looks like she's having a bad day.
Mary looks like she's enjoying herself.
Mary looks like she might start crying.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry.
Mary looked like she wasn't having fun.
Mary looked like she was uncomfortable.
Mary lives in the woods all by herself.
Mary lives in a large house by herself.
Mary likes to do that with her friends.
Mary likes doing that with her friends.
Mary liked swimming when she was a kid.
Mary let Tom know that she'd done that.
Mary left of the restaurant by herself.
Mary left her driver's license at home.
Mary knows that what she did was wrong.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that again.
Mary knows she can always count on Tom.
Mary knows how to take care of herself.
Mary knows everyone is waiting for her.
Mary knows a lot more than she lets on.
Mary knew that she'd be busy on Monday.
Mary knew that she should study harder.
Mary knew she'd probably said too much.
Mary knew she sometimes drank too much.
Mary knew she no longer had to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have enough money.
Mary knew more than she was letting on.
Mary knew Tom would ask her to do that.
Mary kicked the door closed behind her.
Mary just told me what she and Tom did.
Mary isn't very good at French, is she?
Mary isn't supposed to do that, is she?
Mary isn't supposed to be here, is she?
Mary isn't still at the clinic, is she?
Mary isn't really afraid of me, is she?
Mary isn't doing that for her children.
Mary isn't being very friendly, is she?
Mary isn't as young as she says she is.
Mary isn't as stupid as she used to be.
Mary isn't as strong as she used to be.
Mary isn't as skinny as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as you think she is.
Mary isn't as old as Tom thinks she is.
Mary isn't as old as I thought she was.
Mary isn't as lazy as you think she is.
Mary isn't as happy as she seems to be.
Mary isn't as chubby as she used to be.
Mary isn't as active as she used to be.
Mary is your guitar teacher, isn't she?
Mary is worried that she might be late.
Mary is very sure she needs to do that.
Mary is very sorry for what she's done.
Mary is very picky about what she eats.
Mary is very grumpy tonight, isn't she?
Mary is very good at French, isn't she?
Mary is very fussy about what she eats.
Mary is used to getting what she wants.
Mary is too weak to look after herself.
Mary is the one who said she'd do that.
Mary is sure that she'll pass the exam.
Mary is supposed to do that by herself.
Mary is studying French now, isn't she?
Mary is stronger than you think she is.
Mary is really good-looking, isn't she?
Mary is really good at this, isn't she?
Mary is really conservative, isn't she?
Mary is rather conservative, isn't she?
Mary is quite narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is quite conscientious, isn't she?
Mary is pretty conservative, isn't she?
Mary is particular about what she eats.
Mary is only trying to protect herself.
Mary is now able to do that by herself.
Mary is never going to change her mind.
Mary is likely to be safe where she is.
Mary is learning how to defend herself.
Mary is hoping you can do that for her.
Mary is happy because she's going home.
Mary is going to have to go by herself.
Mary is going to be sorry she did that.
Mary is going to be happy she did that.
Mary is fairly certain she can do that.
Mary is doing what we asked, isn't she?
Mary is actually talking about herself.
Mary is absent because she has the flu.
Mary is able to do that by herself now.
Mary is a very good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a very good student, isn't she?
Mary is a good chess player, isn't she?
Mary invited Tom to her birthday party.
Mary introduced Tom to all her friends.
Mary instantly regretted what she said.
Mary injured herself trying to do that.
Mary injured herself mountain climbing.
Mary initially said she wasn't nervous.
Mary hired a good lawyer to defend her.
Mary hired Tom to babysit her children.
Mary helped whoever asked her for help.
Mary helped herself to a cup of coffee.
Mary helped her mother wash the dishes.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she needs.
Mary hasn't yet told me who helped her.
Mary hasn't told us what she has to do.
Mary hasn't told me who helped her yet.
Mary hasn't done that already, has she?
Mary hasn't been here already, has she?
Mary has us to show her how to do that.
Mary has to learn to think for herself.
Mary has plenty of friends to help her.
Mary has never told me how she met Tom.
Mary has me to show her how to do that.
Mary has lots of things she has to buy.
Mary has known Tom since she was a kid.
Mary has given away a lot of her money.
Mary has done what you asked her to do.
Mary has done what we wanted her to do.
Mary has been very unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been an optimist all her life.
Mary has been a pessimist all her life.
Mary has asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary has already told me how she feels.
Mary has already bought what she wants.
Mary has already bought what she needs.
Mary has a really big day ahead of her.
Mary has a lot of things she has to do.
Mary has a car, but she seldom uses it.
Mary has a car, but she rarely uses it.
Mary had to pay for everything herself.
Mary had other things she wanted to do.
Mary had other things she needed to do.
Mary had no idea what she needed to do.
Mary had a lot of things she had to do.
Mary got tired of waiting, so she left.
Mary got the answer she was hoping for.
Mary got sick because she ate too much.
Mary gave Tom the book she was holding.
Mary forgot to invite Tom to her party.
Mary finally did what she agreed to do.
Mary felt she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary excused herself and left the room.
Mary enjoys doing that with her family.
Mary drank the water that Tom gave her.
Mary doesn't want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't love Tom like she used to.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't have everything she wants.
Mary doesn't have everything she needs.
Mary doesn't have anyone to advise her.
Mary doesn't feel she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't ever come here by herself.
Mary doesn't believe she could do that.
Mary doesn't always do what she's told.
Mary doesn't always complain, does she?
Mary doesn't allow her kids to do that.
Mary does whatever Tom tells her to do.
Mary does everything we tell her to do.
Mary does everything she's asked to do.
Mary does anything Tom tells her to do.
Mary didn't want to do that on her own.
Mary didn't want me to do that for her.
Mary didn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten fired.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her cousin.
Mary didn't take much luggage with her.
Mary didn't take her umbrella with her.
Mary didn't sound like she was kidding.
Mary didn't say why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't say where she wanted to go.
Mary didn't say what you said she said.
Mary didn't say anything about herself.
Mary didn't realize she should do that.
Mary didn't realize she had to do that.
Mary didn't need to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't know she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know if she had to do that.
Mary didn't intend to let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't hear Tom shouting her name.
Mary didn't have to do that by herself.
Mary didn't have a lot to say, did she?
Mary didn't go where she said she'd go.
Mary didn't find everything she needed.
Mary didn't eat the apple you gave her.
Mary didn't do what you told her to do.
Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary didn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do that very well, did she?
Mary didn't do that very fast, did she?
Mary didn't buy what she needed to buy.
Mary did what she promised me she'd do.
Mary did that because she was asked to.
Mary did that as she was instructed to.
Mary did exactly what she wanted to do.
Mary did exactly what I told her to do.
Mary did exactly as she was told to do.
Mary did everything we asked her to do.
Mary did everything she was told to do.
Mary did everything she promised to do.
Mary did everything Tom told her to do.
Mary denies that she agreed to do that.
Mary denied that she'd stolen anything.
Mary denied that she agreed to do that.
Mary decided to try doing that herself.
Mary decided to let me do that for her.
Mary decided to go shopping by herself.
Mary decided that she wouldn't do that.
Mary couldn't take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't remember what she'd done.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't move the desk by herself.
Mary couldn't keep herself from crying.
Mary couldn't explain how she did that.
Mary couldn't do what she needed to do.
Mary could've done anything she wanted.
Mary could probably do that on her own.
Mary could probably do that by herself.
Mary could get injured if she did that.
Mary could do that again if she had to.
Mary could do much better if she tried.
Mary could do everything she had to do.
Mary convinced Tom to teach her French.
Mary cleaned the garage all by herself.
Mary claims she's done that many times.
Mary certainly works hard, doesn't she?
Mary can't possibly do that by herself.
Mary can't do all this work by herself.
Mary can probably take care of herself.
Mary can do that again if she wants to.
Mary can come with you if she wants to.
Mary called to say that she'll be late.
Mary bought herself an expensive watch.
Mary barricaded herself in her bedroom.
Mary ate a dozen donuts all by herself.
Mary assured us that she could do that.
Mary assured me that she could do that.
Mary asked me what she could do for me.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom what she should do next.
Mary asked Tom to send her his picture.
Mary asked Tom to play tennis with her.
Mary asked Tom to give her a ride home.
Mary asked Tom to do something for her.
Mary asked Tom to babysit her children.
Mary always has her harmonica with her.
Mary almost wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary almost never does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd been mistaken.
Mary admitted that she'd been drinking.
Mary admitted that she'd been defeated.
Mary admitted that she'd been careless.
Mary admitted that she wasn't prepared.
Mary admitted that she stole the money.
Mary admits she was skeptical at first.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money.
Mary accused Tom of having lied to her.
Mary accepted the job they offered her.
Let's ask Mary when she gets back home.
Let's ask Mary if she knows what to do.
Last night, Mary said she might retire.
Just tell Mary what you want her to do.
It seems like Mary is enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary is enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary got what she wanted.
If you do that to Mary, she'll get mad.
I'm sure Mary can take care of herself.
I'll let Mary know you want to see her.
I'll help Mary do what she needs to do.
I'd never forgive Mary if she did that.
I won't tell Mary what she needs to do.
I told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I told Mary that she needed to do that.
I told Mary she should leave on Monday.
I told Mary I'd spend the day with her.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that for her.
I told Mary I wouldn't allow her to go.
I thought Mary knew what she had to do.
I think Mary should do that by herself.
I think Mary didn't do that by herself.
I think Mary did what she said she did.
I should've given Mary what she wanted.
I should tell Mary what she has to buy.
I keep telling Mary she talks too fast.
I just told Mary why I didn't like her.
I hope Mary knows what she needs to do.
I hope Mary knows she needs to do that.
I hope Mary did what we told her to do.
I had to carry Mary's suitcase for her.
I don't know why Mary did what she did.
I didn't tell Mary what she should buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she had to buy.
I can't give Mary everything she wants.
I ate Mary's sandwich and she ate mine.
I asked Mary why she agreed to do that.
I asked Mary to explain what she meant.
I asked Mary if she liked Chinese food.
I asked Mary if she could speak French.
How did Mary take it when you told her?
Have you given Mary what she asked for?
Have you ever seen Mary when she's mad?
Have you asked Mary if she'll be there?
Has anyone asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary ever told you how she met Tom?
Don't allow Mary to do that by herself.
Does Mary really think she can do that?
Does Mary know how Tom feels about her?
Does Mary know I don't want her to win?
Do you want Mary to do that by herself?
Did you tell Mary when she should come?
Did you really tell Mary you hated her?
Did Mary say why she's going to Boston?
Did Mary say why she agreed to do that?
Did Mary say who was going to help her?
Did Mary say what she did last weekend?
Did Mary know we wanted her to do that?
Did Mary find what she was looking for?
Are you sure Mary will let us help her?
Are you sure Mary can do it by herself?
All the girls in Mary's class like her.
You should let Mary do what she wants.
Who told Mary she could join the team?
Where did Mary tell you she was going?
When Mary did that, Tom yelled at her.
What did Mary want you to buy for her?
What did Mary say she was looking for?
What did Mary do after she ate dinner?
That's all Mary said she needed to do.
Tell Mary you're too busy to help her.
Tell Mary that I know where she lives.
Tell Mary she's going to have to wait.
Tell Mary she needs to get here early.
Tell Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
Tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tell Mary I'll pick her up on the way.
Tell Mary I don't want to talk to her.
Shouldn't we ask Mary what she thinks?
Please tell Mary she ought to do that.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that.
Maybe if I find Mary, she can help me.
Mary's phone rang, but she ignored it.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she lived.
Mary wouldn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary would like Tom to be on her team.
Mary would do that whenever she could.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't like her.
Mary wondered what she should do next.
Mary won't sing unless you ask her to.
Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Mary won't do what she says she'll do.
Mary wished she could dance the tango.
Mary will unlikely do that by herself.
Mary will probably do that by herself.
Mary will help you do that, won't she?
Mary will have to go there by herself.
Mary will do what she can to help you.
Mary will do what she can to help Tom.
Mary will do what Tom tells her to do.
Mary will do that when her turn comes.
Mary will do that if Tom wants her to.
Mary will be upset if she doesn't win.
Mary will be tired when she gets home.
Mary will be sorry she didn't do that.
Mary will be happy she didn't do that.
Mary went on doing what she was doing.
Mary watched TV until she fell asleep.
Mary wasn't told she couldn't do that.
Mary wasn't punished for what she did.
Mary wasn't impressed by what she saw.
Mary wasn't expecting Tom to help her.
Mary was very dirty when she got home.
Mary was told that she has to do that.
Mary was sure she could do that again.
Mary was shocked when I told her that.
Mary was lucky Tom helped her do that.
Mary was hoping we'd do that with her.
Mary was convinced that Tom liked her.
Mary was afraid someone would see her.
Mary wants to finish what she's doing.
Mary wanted to go canoeing by herself.
Mary wanted me to tell you she's busy.
Mary wanted me to do that, didn't she?
Mary wanted Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary very seldom does that by herself.
Mary very rarely does that by herself.
Mary used to lie to her parents a lot.
Mary tried to relax, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to explain her idea to Tom.
Mary took a moment to compose herself.
Mary told you to say that, didn't she?
Mary told us she wanted to go with us.
Mary told us she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary told me you're going to help her.
Mary told me why she couldn't do that.
Mary told me to meet her at her house.
Mary told me that she'll be back soon.
Mary told me that she'd rather not go.
Mary told me that she'd been forgiven.
Mary told me that she'd been careless.
Mary told me that she'd already eaten.
Mary told me that she was very hungry.
Mary told me that she was unimpressed.
Mary told me that she was unconvinced.
Mary told me that she was heartbroken.
Mary told me that she was embarrassed.
Mary told me that she was discouraged.
Mary told me that she likes you a lot.
Mary told me that she likes Tom a lot.
Mary told me that she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me that Tom wasn't her type.
Mary told me that Tom was her student.
Mary told me she'd eat lunch with Tom.
Mary told me she'd be here about 2:30.
Mary told me she'd be glad to help me.
Mary told me she was ready to do that.
Mary told me she was going to the gym.
Mary told me she was going to do that.
Mary told me she was afraid of snakes.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that.
Mary told me she lived on Park Street.
Mary told me she knew where Tom lived.
Mary told me she hasn't done that yet.
Mary told me she didn't like swimming.
Mary told me she bought these for you.
Mary told me Tom baked a cake for her.
Mary told Tom why she needed his help.
Mary told Tom to stay out of her room.
Mary told Tom that she'd forgiven him.
Mary told Tom that she'd been careful.
Mary told Tom that she'd be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she was unemployed.
Mary told Tom that she was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she was interested.
Mary told Tom that she was frustrated.
Mary told Tom that she was frightened.
Mary told Tom that she was displeased.
Mary told Tom that she had to do that.
Mary told Tom she was going to Boston.
Mary told Tom she was able to do that.
Mary told Tom she knew how to do that.
Mary told Tom she intended to do that.
Mary told Tom she had to talk to John.
Mary told Tom she didn't like her job.
Mary told Tom she could help us today.
Mary told Tom she could do that today.
Mary told Tom not to call her at work.
Mary tiptoed so no one would hear her.
Mary thought that Tom didn't like her.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that.
Mary thought she was smarter than Tom.
Mary thought she could do that for me.
Mary thinks that I'm in love with her.
Mary thinks she might have the answer.
Mary thinks she knows where Tom lives.
Mary thinks she knows what's going on.
Mary swore that she'd never done that.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that again.
Mary swears she won't do that anymore.
Mary sure does that well, doesn't she?
Mary stopped talking when she saw Tom.
Mary stopped herself from kissing Tom.
Mary still does that whenever she can.
Mary stayed longer than she'd planned.
Mary stayed longer than she should've.
Mary stayed longer than she needed to.
Mary splashed herself with cold water.
Mary sometimes feeds her cat dog food.
Mary slammed the door shut behind her.
Mary showed Tom the tattoo on her arm.
Mary shouldn't have done what she did.
Mary seems to know what she should do.
Mary seems to know what she has to do.
Mary seems somewhat unsure of herself.
Mary seems quite pleased with herself.
Mary seemed very pleased with herself.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her.
Mary says this is the best she can do.
Mary says the tap water made her sick.
Mary says the heat doesn't bother her.
Mary says that someday she'll do that.
Mary says that she's in love with Tom.
Mary says that she'll do that someday.
Mary says that she was born in Boston.
Mary says that she intends to do that.
Mary says that she can't eat any more.
Mary says she's sorry she didn't call.
Mary says she's not afraid to do that.
Mary says she's feeling kind of tired.
Mary says she's done that three times.
Mary says she's been to Boston before.
Mary says she's been asked to do that.
Mary says she's already learned a lot.
Mary says she's almost ready to leave.
Mary says she'll never go there again.
Mary says she'll do what she needs to.
Mary says she'd be willing to help us.
Mary says she won't come to our party.
Mary says she wants to live in Boston.
Mary says she wants to buy a drum set.
Mary says she thinks we could do that.
Mary says she plans to stay in Boston.
Mary says she owes Tom a lot of money.
Mary says she never wanted to do that.
Mary says she may not have to do that.
Mary says she likes the way Tom sings.
Mary says she likes living by herself.
Mary says she likes it here in Boston.
Mary says she knows Tom won't do that.
Mary says she knows Tom could do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't do that.
Mary says she isn't afraid to do that.
Mary says she intended to go shopping.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't do that.
Mary says she has to help Tom do that.
Mary says she has a lot of old stamps.
Mary says she doesn't wish to do that.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know what to do.
Mary says she doesn't know the answer.
Mary says she doesn't know any French.
Mary says she doesn't hug Tom anymore.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel well today.
Mary says she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary says she didn't agree to do that.
Mary says she can do that blindfolded.
Mary says mosquitoes don't bother her.
Mary says everyone she knows can swim.
Mary says all that doesn't bother her.
Mary says Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary says Tom keeps hanging up on her.
Mary said you'd want to talk with her.
Mary said the smell didn't bother her.
Mary said the noise didn't bother her.
Mary said that's what she wants to do.
Mary said that the smoke bothered her.
Mary said that the smell bothered her.
Mary said that the noise bothered her.
Mary said that somebody was after her.
Mary said that she'd water the garden.
Mary said that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't very sleepy.
Mary said that she wasn't discouraged.
Mary said that she was very surprised.
Mary said that she was very skeptical.
Mary said that she was very irritated.
Mary said that she was very intrigued.
Mary said that she was very impressed.
Mary said that she was very concerned.
Mary said that she was ready to leave.
Mary said that she was claustrophobic.
Mary said that she was a little tired.
Mary said that she saw Tom doing that.
Mary said that she really did do that.
Mary said that she intends to do that.
Mary said that she had a lot of money.
Mary said that she felt sorry for Tom.
Mary said that she didn't know French.
Mary said that she couldn't swim well.
Mary said she's trying to lose weight.
Mary said she's sure Tom will do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not making much money.
Mary said she's not likely to do that.
Mary said she's never eaten Thai food.
Mary said she's glad you weren't hurt.
Mary said she's done that three times.
Mary said she's determined to do that.
Mary said she's been told not do that.
Mary said she's been to Boston before.
Mary said she's been asked to do that.
Mary said she'd very unlikely do that.
Mary said she'd still like to do that.
Mary said she'd see what she could do.
Mary said she'd rather not go with us.
Mary said she'd rather come next week.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that.
Mary said she'd never want to do that.
Mary said she'd never let you do that.
Mary said she'd never let Tom do that.
Mary said she'd help you do that, too.
Mary said she'd help Tom do that, too.
Mary said she'd buy something for Tom.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that.
Mary said she'd be tempted to do that.
Mary said she'd also help you do that.
Mary said she'd also help Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that.
Mary said she won't come to our party.
Mary said she wished she'd eaten more.
Mary said she went swimming yesterday.
Mary said she wasn't ready to go home.
Mary said she wasn't ready to give up.
Mary said she wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said she wasn't planning to stay.
Mary said she wasn't going to help us.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of snakes.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of anyone.
Mary said she was too weak to do that.
Mary said she was too lazy to do that.
Mary said she was too busy to do that.
Mary said she was tired of doing that.
Mary said she was terrified of snakes.
Mary said she was hoping we'd do that.
Mary said she was going to go see Tom.
Mary said she was finished doing that.
Mary said she wants to be your friend.
Mary said she wanted to quit the band.
Mary said she wanted to join our band.
Mary said she wanted to go to the zoo.
Mary said she wanted to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to buy some soap.
Mary said she wanted to be left alone.
Mary said she wanted something to eat.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't here.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't busy.
Mary said she thought Tom was worried.
Mary said she thought Tom was unhappy.
Mary said she thought Tom was outside.
Mary said she thought Tom was nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom was jealous.
Mary said she thought Tom was at home.
Mary said she thought Tom needed help.
Mary said she thought I might not win.
Mary said she thought I looked lonely.
Mary said she thought I looked hungry.
Mary said she spoke to Tom about that.
Mary said she prefers to stay at home.
Mary said she plans to stay in Boston.
Mary said she plans to do that Monday.
Mary said she owes Tom a lot of money.
Mary said she never wanted to do that.
Mary said she never agreed to do that.
Mary said she needs to get more sleep.
Mary said she needed to take a shower.
Mary said she needed to do that today.
Mary said she likes this time of year.
Mary said she likes swimming with Tom.
Mary said she knew what Tom should do.
Mary said she knew what Tom had to do.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she isn't making much money.
Mary said she isn't likely to do that.
Mary said she isn't going to Tom's party.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't be late.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her.
Mary said she hoped she could do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom could do that.
Mary said she heard someone screaming.
Mary said she had to help Tom do that.
Mary said she had no plans to do that.
Mary said she had better things to do.
Mary said she had a few things to say.
Mary said she got back home on Monday.
Mary said she found something strange.
Mary said she figured I could do that.
Mary said she felt tempted to do that.
Mary said she felt she had to do that.
Mary said she felt dizzy and nauseous.
Mary said she expects Tom to help her.
Mary said she expected Tom to do that.
Mary said she expected Tom to be here.
Mary said she doesn't work on Mondays.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that.
Mary said she doesn't like to do that.
Mary said she doesn't like doing that.
Mary said she doesn't know what to do.
Mary said she doesn't hug Tom anymore.
Mary said she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to worry me.
Mary said she didn't want to watch TV.
Mary said she didn't want to kiss Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't want me to worry.
Mary said she didn't owe Tom anything.
Mary said she didn't mean to hurt you.
Mary said she didn't like Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom was.
Mary said she didn't know where to go.
Mary said she didn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't feel like a hero.
Mary said she didn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't eat meat anymore.
Mary said she couldn't accept the job.
Mary said she can get us what we need.
Mary said it didn't bother her at all.
Mary said her new boat cost her a lot.
Mary said everyone she knows can swim.
Mary said Tom went to Boston with her.
Mary realized she'd said way too much.
Mary realized Tom was waiting for her.
Mary ran too fast for me to catch her.
Mary ran for reelection, but she lost.
Mary raised three children by herself.
Mary quite often does that by herself.
Mary put on the hat that Tom gave her.
Mary put down the box she was holding.
Mary promised to come, but she didn't.
Mary promised that she'd be back soon.
Mary promised she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary promised she'd take care of that.
Mary promised she'd help us on Monday.
Mary promised she'd do that this week.
Mary promised she won't do that today.
Mary promised she won't do that again.
Mary promised me that she'd come back.
Mary promised me she'd do that for us.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised Tom that she'd help him.
Mary promised Tom that she'd be there.
Mary probably went cycling by herself.
Mary poured herself cup of herbal tea.
Mary poured herself a shot of bourbon.
Mary poured herself a glass of whisky.
Mary plans to stay at home by herself.
Mary plans to go to Boston by herself.
Mary painted the house all by herself.
Mary only does what she's asked to do.
Mary only did what you told her to do.
Mary often does that in her free time.
Mary offered Tom half of her sandwich.
Mary never told us much about herself.
Mary never told me where she was from.
Mary never thought Tom would kiss her.
Mary never thought Tom would hurt her.
Mary never said that she wanted to go.
Mary never said she wanted to do that.
Mary never mentioned she had a sister.
Mary never explained why she was late.
Mary never did what she said she'd do.
Mary needs to tell Tom what she wants.
Mary needs to finish what she's doing.
Mary needs to finish what she started.
Mary might have eaten before she came.
Mary might get fired if she does that.
Mary might get fined if she does that.
Mary may not be as happy as she seems.
Mary may not be as happy as she looks.
Mary may have gone fishing by herself.
Mary may get injured if she does that.
Mary may do that wherever she chooses.
Mary may do that anywhere she chooses.
Mary may come with us if she wants to.
Mary lost the watch that Tom gave her.
Mary looks younger than she really is.
Mary looks very similar to her sister.
Mary looks older than she actually is.
Mary looks like she doesn't feel well.
Mary looks healthier than she used to.
Mary looked like she was going to cry.
Mary looked like she was disappointed.
Mary locked her bike to the bike rack.
Mary likes to watch TV while she eats.
Mary likes me more than she likes you.
Mary liked Tom as soon as she met him.
Mary lied about what she'd been doing.
Mary laughed as she read Tom's letter.
Mary laughed and Tom laughed with her.
Mary landed herself a really nice job.
Mary knows you didn't do that for her.
Mary knows there's no way she can win.
Mary knows she's got to do that today.
Mary knows she's going to be punished.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that here.
Mary knows she ought to do that today.
Mary knows she needs to do that today.
Mary knows precisely what she's doing.
Mary knows exactly what she should do.
Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
Mary knows Tom didn't do that for her.
Mary knew why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Mary knew that what she did was wrong.
Mary knew that she couldn't trust Tom.
Mary knew that Tom was upset with her.
Mary knew that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary knew she'd made the right choice.
Mary knew she'd done something stupid.
Mary knew she was supposed to do that.
Mary knew she had to help Tom do that.
Mary knew she had just made a mistake.
Mary knew she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary just does what she's asked to do.
Mary just did what she was told to do.
Mary isn't sure she can do that again.
Mary isn't being very helpful, is she?
Mary isn't as tough as she used to be.
Mary isn't as timid as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as she says she is.
Mary isn't as pushy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as picky as she used to be.
Mary isn't as old as you think she is.
Mary isn't as naive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as fussy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as funny as she used to be.
Mary isn't as crazy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as bossy as she used to be.
Mary isn't afraid of anything, is she?
Mary isn't able to do that on her own.
Mary isn't able to do that by herself.
Mary is younger than you think she is.
Mary is very unpredictable, isn't she?
Mary is very temperamental, isn't she?
Mary is very narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is usually very quiet, isn't she?
Mary is sure she has to do that again.
Mary is still working here, isn't she?
Mary is still living with her parents.
Mary is still in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than you think she is.
Mary is really younger than she looks.
Mary is really competitive, isn't she?
Mary is quite enthusiastic, isn't she?
Mary is quite conservative, isn't she?
Mary is positive that she isn't wrong.
Mary is planning to renovate her home.
Mary is only doing what she has to do.
Mary is lucky she has so many friends.
Mary is lucky she didn't get punished.
Mary is lucky she didn't get arrested.
Mary is just being prudent, isn't she?
Mary is in a hurry because she's late.
Mary is hoping we'll do that with her.
Mary is happiest when she is with Tom.
Mary is good at doing that, isn't she?
Mary is going to tell Tom she's tired.
Mary is going to tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary is going to go skiing by herself.
Mary is going to be glad she did that.
Mary is extremely outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is extremely creative, isn't she?
Mary is exactly where she needs to be.
Mary is doing that because she has to.
Mary is different than she used to be.
Mary is being very patient, isn't she?
Mary is being really vague, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to go there by herself.
Mary is afraid that she might be late.
Mary is a wonderful person, isn't she?
Mary is a very neat person, isn't she?
Mary is a skillful teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a little impulsive, isn't she?
Mary insisted that we do that for her.
Mary insisted that she didn't do that.
Mary hopes that she'll be able to win.
Mary hoped that Tom would forgive her.
Mary hasn't yet bought what she needs.
Mary hasn't said what she plans to do.
Mary hasn't bought what she needs yet.
Mary has told me she wants to do that.
Mary has told me she needs to do that.
Mary has things she still needs to do.
Mary has said she won't do that again.
Mary has promised that she'll do that.
Mary has lots of things she has to do.
Mary has done what we asked her to do.
Mary has done what she was told to do.
Mary has done what she promised to do.
Mary has done this before, hasn't she?
Mary has been told she should do that.
Mary has been told she has to do that.
Mary has been doing that all her life.
Mary has a lot of friends to help her.
Mary hardly ever does that by herself.
Mary had no chance to express herself.
Mary had a cold, so she stayed in bed.
Mary got almost everything she wanted.
Mary got almost everything she needed.
Mary gave Tom directions to her house.
Mary found several T-shirts she liked.
Mary forgot her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary figured she'd be able to do that.
Mary felt she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary fanned herself with her notebook.
Mary explained why she didn't do that.
Mary drowned in her own swimming pool.
Mary drives a sports car, doesn't she?
Mary doesn't waste any time, does she?
Mary doesn't want you to go, does she?
Mary doesn't think she should do that.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that.
Mary doesn't think I did it, does she?
Mary doesn't sound so sure of herself.
Mary doesn't really do that, does she?
Mary doesn't realize what she's doing.
Mary doesn't realize how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't often do that by herself.
Mary doesn't need to go there herself.
Mary doesn't look too happy, does she?
Mary doesn't let her children do that.
Mary doesn't know where she should go.
Mary doesn't know where she should be.
Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary doesn't have much money with her.
Mary doesn't have anybody to help her.
Mary doesn't give up easily, does she?
Mary does most of the work by herself.
Mary does everything Tom tells her to.
Mary didn't want Tom to hold her hand.
Mary didn't want Tom to drive her car.
Mary didn't think she could trust Tom.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave her.
Mary didn't tell anyone else, did she?
Mary didn't tell Tom why she was late.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wasn't happy.
Mary didn't take anything for herself.
Mary didn't take an umbrella with her.
Mary didn't seem very sure of herself.
Mary didn't seem to be happy, did she?
Mary didn't see anyone she recognized.
Mary didn't say she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't regret doing what she did.
Mary didn't really mean that, did she?
Mary didn't really do that by herself.
Mary didn't know who she should trust.
Mary didn't have to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help, but she did.
Mary didn't get everything she wanted.
Mary didn't get everything she needed.
Mary didn't do what we told her to do.
Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary didn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary didn't buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary did whatever we wanted her to do.
Mary did whatever she felt like doing.
Mary did what she had been told to do.
Mary did that the way you told her to.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to.
Mary did that for herself, not for us.
Mary did that for herself, not for me.
Mary did that because you told her to.
Mary did that because she was told to.
Mary did that because Tom told her to.
Mary did that as quickly as she could.
Mary did everything she could to help.
Mary did everything she could for Tom.
Mary did all she could to protect Tom.
Mary denies that she broke the window.
Mary decided she wouldn't go with Tom.
Mary cut herself while slicing onions.
Mary cut herself on some broken glass.
Mary couldn't make herself understood.
Mary couldn't get the book she wanted.
Mary couldn't find anyone to help her.
Mary couldn't come because she's sick.
Mary could stay here if she wanted to.
Mary contradicts herself all the time.
Mary cleaned the house all by herself.
Mary claims that she can speak French.
Mary certainly knows what she's doing.
Mary can't run as fast as she used to.
Mary can't lift that crate by herself.
Mary can't do anything right, can she?
Mary can use my computer if she wants.
Mary can stay as long as she wants to.
Mary can do that with her eyes closed.
Mary can do that wherever she chooses.
Mary can do that anywhere she chooses.
Mary can come with us if she wants to.
Mary called to say that she'd be late.
Mary bowed to me as she left the room.
Mary blamed herself for what happened.
Mary believed everything Tom told her.
Mary ate the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary ate something that made her sick.
Mary asked me when she should do that.
Mary asked me if I'd mind helping her.
Mary asked if she might go home early.
Mary asked Tom why she had to do that.
Mary asked Tom why he didn't like her.
Mary asked Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary asked Tom to loan her some money.
Mary asked Tom to lend her some money.
Mary asked Tom to give her some money.
Mary asked Tom not to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom not to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary always got everything she wanted.
Mary always gets everything she wants.
Mary already knows what she should do.
Mary already knows what she has to do.
Mary almost never kisses her children.
Mary admitted what she said was wrong.
Mary admitted that she'd been naughty.
Mary admitted that she'd been foolish.
Mary admitted that she was prejudiced.
Mary admitted that she was frightened.
Mary admitted that she didn't do that.
Mary admitted she had help doing that.
Make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
If Mary were here, she could help you.
If Mary had more money, she'd do that.
I'll tell Mary you're looking for her.
I'll ask Mary the next time I see her.
I'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
I wonder if Mary regrets what she did.
I won't do to Mary what she did to me.
I wish I hadn't told Mary I loved her.
I want Mary to say that she was wrong.
I told Mary that I'd help her do that.
I told Mary she wouldn't like it here.
I told Mary she could be my assistant.
I think Mary said she was from Boston.
I think Mary might do that by herself.
I think Mary means just what she said.
I think Mary expected Tom to kiss her.
I think Mary can take care of herself.
I think Mary can do that if she tries.
I think I'll ask Mary what she thinks.
I should tell Mary what she has to do.
I promised Mary that I'd wait for her.
I looked at Mary and she looked at me.
I know Mary wouldn't tell you herself.
I expect Mary to take care of herself.
I don't think Mary knows where she is.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to do.
I didn't give Mary what she asked for.
I asked Mary what she wanted to drink.
I asked Mary if she'd mind doing that.
I asked Mary if she needed more money.
How old was Mary when she passed away?
Don't let Mary go swimming by herself.
Don't bother Mary while she's reading.
Does Mary want me to teach her French?
Does Mary know why you don't like her?
Does Mary know we want her to do that?
Does Mary know how you feel about her?
Didn't you know Mary lived by herself?
Did you tell Mary she could stay here?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that?
Did anybody ask Mary why she did that?
Did Mary tell you where she was going?
Did Mary tell you where she bought it?
Did Mary tell you how she and Tom met?
Did Mary say who she'd be coming with?
Did Mary say where we should meet her?
Did Mary say when she'd come to visit?
Did Mary say she was going to do that?
Did Mary say she thought that was fun?
Did Mary say she had to do that today?
Did Mary know I wanted her to do that?
Call Mary and tell her you'll be late.
Ask Mary when she'll be here tomorrow.
Ask Mary if she'll attend the meeting.
Ask Mary if she needs help doing that.
Ask Mary if she knows where Tom lives.
You said to give Mary what she needs.
You ought to ask Mary what she'll do.
You gave Mary what she needed, right?
Will Mary drive to Boston by herself?
Who told Mary that she could do that?
Who did Mary say she was looking for?
Who did Mary say she saw kissing Tom?
Who did Mary ask to help her do that?
When does Mary expect us to help her?
What you said to Mary made her angry.
What would Mary say if she were here?
What was Mary doing when you saw her?
What time did Mary say she'd be here?
What did you tell Mary she had to do?
What did Mary tell you she had to do?
What did Mary tell you about herself?
We can't leave Mary there by herself.
Usually Mary gets whatever she wants.
There's no way Mary did that herself.
Tell Mary that I need to talk to her.
Tell Mary she has to wash the dishes.
Mary's shoes don't fit her very well.
Mary's house is near where she works.
Mary's car isn't where she parked it.
Mary wrote the report all by herself.
Mary writes very neatly, doesn't she?
Mary wouldn't tell me where she went.
Mary wouldn't let me buy her a drink.
Mary would've told us if she'd known.
Mary would've stayed if she could've.
Mary would never go there by herself.
Mary wondered why she'd been invited.
Mary won't tell me when she was born.
Mary won't likely do that by herself.
Mary wishes she was a better swimmer.
Mary wished she'd told Tom the truth.
Mary wished Tom had told her earlier.
Mary will wait as long as she has to.
Mary will only do that if she has to.
Mary will need to do that by herself.
Mary will have to do that on her own.
Mary will have to do that by herself.
Mary will get mad if she doesn't win.
Mary will get fired if she does that.
Mary will get dirty if she does that.
Mary will get all the help she needs.
Mary will do whatever you ask her to.
Mary will do that only if she has to.
Mary will do that if Tom asks her to.
Mary will do that as soon as she can.
Mary will be very sorry she did that.
Mary will be very happy she did that.
Mary will be glad she didn't do that.
Mary went out of her way to help Tom.
Mary watched TV while she ate dinner.
Mary wasn't willing to go by herself.
Mary wasn't expecting me to help her.
Mary was waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary was told that she was too short.
Mary was sure that everybody saw her.
Mary was sure she'd find another job.
Mary was orphaned when she was three.
Mary was hoping we'd do that for her.
Mary was glad Tom helped her do that.
Mary was exhausted when she got home.
Mary was driving her boyfriend's car.
Mary was at work when Tom called her.
Mary was at home when Tom called her.
Mary was able to buy what she needed.
Mary wants to say yes, but she can't.
Mary wants to go home, but she can't.
Mary wants me to give her some space.
Mary wants me to cook dinner for her.
Mary wanted to see Tom in her office.
Mary wanted to say more than she did.
Mary wanted to do everything herself.
Mary wanted me to walk home with her.
Mary wanted Tom to come to her party.
Mary waited a while before she began.
Mary usually keeps things to herself.
Mary usually cries when she's scared.
Mary turned herself in to the police.
Mary tried to kill herself yesterday.
Mary tried to kill herself last week.
Mary took these pictures, didn't she?
Mary took the coffee Tom offered her.
Mary told us that she knew the risks.
Mary told us that she had a headache.
Mary told the team she wants to quit.
Mary told me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me today that she loved me.
Mary told me that she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary told me that she'd be back soon.
Mary told me that she was very tired.
Mary told me that she was unemployed.
Mary told me that she was suspicious.
Mary told me that she was interested.
Mary told me that she was frustrated.
Mary told me that she was frightened.
Mary told me that she likes swimming.
Mary told me she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd already done that.
Mary told me she won't do that again.
Mary told me she wasn't sick anymore.
Mary told me she was teaching French.
Mary told me she was studying French.
Mary told me she was looking for Tom.
Mary told me she was home last night.
Mary told me she was going to Boston.
Mary told me she wants to go with us.
Mary told me she thought she saw Tom.
Mary told me she saw you two kissing.
Mary told me she saw you at the mall.
Mary told me she plans on doing that.
Mary told me she knew how to do that.
Mary told me she intended to do that.
Mary told me she had some work to do.
Mary told me she felt bad about that.
Mary told me she enjoyed the concert.
Mary told me she didn't want me here.
Mary told me she didn't teach French.
Mary told me she didn't study French.
Mary told me she didn't speak French.
Mary told me she didn't see anything.
Mary told me she didn't need my help.
Mary told me she didn't like fishing.
Mary told herself that she should go.
Mary told Tom why she had to do that.
Mary told Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to eat.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to buy.
Mary told Tom what she needed to buy.
Mary told Tom what John had told her.
Mary told Tom to do that, didn't she?
Mary told Tom that she'd kissed John.
Mary told Tom that she'd be punctual.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't joking.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was terrified.
Mary told Tom that she was surprised.
Mary told Tom that she was skeptical.
Mary told Tom that she was irritated.
Mary told Tom that she was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she was exhausted.
Mary told Tom that she was desperate.
Mary told Tom that she was depressed.
Mary told Tom that she was concerned.
Mary told Tom that she was a teacher.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to eat.
Mary told Tom that she had a new job.
Mary told Tom she'd teach him French.
Mary told Tom she'd never lie to him.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't leave him.
Mary told Tom she was ready to leave.
Mary told Tom she had to talk to him.
Mary told Tom she had to leave early.
Mary told Tom she had a lot of money.
Mary told Tom she could eat anything.
Mary told Tom not to worry about her.
Mary told Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary thought that Tom would kiss her.
Mary thought that Tom would help her.
Mary thought she'd be safe in Boston.
Mary thought she should study French.
Mary thought she heard a dog barking.
Mary thought she had to study French.
Mary thought she had to speak French.
Mary thought I was flirting with her.
Mary thinks that Tom might leave her.
Mary thinks she's stronger than I am.
Mary thinks she's getting ripped off.
Mary thinks she knows where Tom went.
Mary thinks she knows what Tom wants.
Mary thinks she has found the answer.
Mary thinks she can probably do that.
Mary texted Tom saying she'd be late.
Mary takes herself awfully seriously.
Mary swore she'd never do that again.
Mary sure likes oranges, doesn't she?
Mary still hasn't done that, has she?
Mary still doesn't do that, does she?
Mary stared at herself in the mirror.
Mary smiled at herself in the mirror.
Mary sings well, but she can't dance.
Mary shut the car door on her finger.
Mary showed Tom some of her drawings.
Mary showed Tom her stamp collection.
Mary should've asked Tom to help her.
Mary should have Tom do that for her.
Mary seldom goes canoeing by herself.
Mary seems very pleased with herself.
Mary says there's nothing she can do.
Mary says that the noise bothers her.
Mary says that she's willing to help.
Mary says that she's never done that.
Mary says that she's good at cooking.
Mary says that she'd like to do that.
Mary says that she agreed to do that.
Mary says she's tired of watching TV.
Mary says she's plays the drums well.
Mary says she's not ready to do that.
Mary says she's not going to do that.
Mary says she's not enjoying herself.
Mary says she's not coming back here.
Mary says she's never studied French.
Mary says she's never been to Boston.
Mary says she's feeling better today.
Mary says she's eager to participate.
Mary says she's done that many times.
Mary says she'll never do that again.
Mary says she'll go there by herself.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can.
Mary says she'll come to Boston soon.
Mary says she'd like to study French.
Mary says she won't go there anymore.
Mary says she won't do that tomorrow.
Mary says she won't buy that for you.
Mary says she won't be here tomorrow.
Mary says she won't agree to do that.
Mary says she was asked to come here.
Mary says she wants to talk with you.
Mary says she wants to quit the band.
Mary says she wants to go to Harvard.
Mary says she wants to go home early.
Mary says she wants to do that today.
Mary says she wants to buy a new car.
Mary says she wants something to eat.
Mary says she thinks she can do that.
Mary says she thinks it's impossible.
Mary says she still can't believe it.
Mary says she spoke French last week.
Mary says she needs to talk with you.
Mary says she needs my help tomorrow.
Mary says she needs another computer.
Mary says she needed to study French.
Mary says she knows why you did that.
Mary says she knows why Tom did that.
Mary says she knows what she's doing.
Mary says she knows Tom will do that.
Mary says she just wants to be happy.
Mary says she isn't sure she's ready.
Mary says she isn't ready to give up.
Mary says she isn't ready to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that.
Mary says she has no idea what to do.
Mary says she has a surprise for Tom.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that.
Mary says she enjoys teaching French.
Mary says she enjoys studying French.
Mary says she enjoys speaking French.
Mary says she doesn't have insurance.
Mary says she didn't want to do that.
Mary says she didn't need to do that.
Mary says she didn't know what to do.
Mary says she didn't have to do that.
Mary says she did that for the money.
Mary says she can't walk any further.
Mary says she can't stand doing that.
Mary says she can prove Tom did that.
Mary says she can predict the future.
Mary says she can do that by herself.
Mary sat on the bench all by herself.
Mary said there's nothing she can do.
Mary said the heat didn't bother her.
Mary said the earthquake woke her up.
Mary said the cold didn't bother her.
Mary said that's not what she wanted.
Mary said that the heat bothered her.
Mary said that she'd make it on time.
Mary said that she'd like to do that.
Mary said that she'd help me do that.
Mary said that she'd get there early.
Mary said that she'd been very lucky.
Mary said that she'd been humiliated.
Mary said that she'd been handcuffed.
Mary said that she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary said that she wasn't very happy.
Mary said that she was very ticklish.
Mary said that she was very confused.
Mary said that she was uncomfortable.
Mary said that she was really scared.
Mary said that she was feeling tired.
Mary said that she wanted to do that.
Mary said that she wanted some money.
Mary said that she waited until 2:30.
Mary said that she needed some money.
Mary said that she needed more money.
Mary said that she had lots of money.
Mary said that she grew up in Boston.
Mary said that she enjoyed the party.
Mary said that she bought an old car.
Mary said that she agreed to do that.
Mary said that Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary said she's taught French before.
Mary said she's sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that.
Mary said she's not going to do that.
Mary said she's never studied French.
Mary said she's never seen Tom dance.
Mary said she's never driven a truck.
Mary said she's never been to Boston.
Mary said she's motivated to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom wasn't hurt.
Mary said she's desperate to do that.
Mary said she's been very happy here.
Mary said she's been told to do that.
Mary said she's been arrested before.
Mary said she's always been athletic.
Mary said she'll be doing that alone.
Mary said she'd try to do that today.
Mary said she'd try to do that again.
Mary said she'd try doing that today.
Mary said she'd try doing that again.
Mary said she'd stay there till 2:30.
Mary said she'd rather do that alone.
Mary said she'd never do that to Tom.
Mary said she'd never come back here.
Mary said she'd never been to Boston.
Mary said she'd like to visit Boston.
Mary said she'd help me do that, too.
Mary said she'd be home this evening.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that.
Mary said she'd also help me do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she won't help Tom anymore.
Mary said she won't agree to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what to do.
Mary said she wasn't having much fun.
Mary said she wasn't going to Boston.
Mary said she wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she was willing to help us.
Mary said she was willing to do that.
Mary said she was too young to drive.
Mary said she was too young to drink.
Mary said she was too tired to dance.
Mary said she was too shy to do that.
Mary said she was too old to do that.
Mary said she was through doing that.
Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Mary said she was having a good time.
Mary said she was happy she did that.
Mary said she was going to Australia.
Mary said she was enjoying the party.
Mary said she was curious about that.
Mary said she was afraid to go there.
Mary said she wants to join our band.
Mary said she wanted to write a book.
Mary said she wanted to study French.
Mary said she wanted to kill herself.
Mary said she wanted to go to Boston.
Mary said she wanted to get divorced.
Mary said she wanted to be a teacher.
Mary said she wanted to be a dentist.
Mary said she wanted a picture of me.
Mary said she walked home by herself.
Mary said she tried very hard to win.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't mad.
Mary said she thought Tom was sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom was scared.
Mary said she thought Tom was lonely.
Mary said she thought Tom was hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom was asleep.
Mary said she thought Tom was afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom hated John.
Mary said she thought I was handsome.
Mary said she thought I was creative.
Mary said she thought I looked happy.
Mary said she thought I looked bored.
Mary said she thinks she can do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can do that.
Mary said she takes a walk every day.
Mary said she spoke to Tom yesterday.
Mary said she should've left earlier.
Mary said she regrets not doing that.
Mary said she probably won't do that.
Mary said she now regrets doing that.
Mary said she noticed the same thing.
Mary said she needed to study French.
Mary said she needed to stay at home.
Mary said she needed to get some air.
Mary said she needed to do that soon.
Mary said she needed one of us there.
Mary said she might possibly do that.
Mary said she might agree to do that.
Mary said she likes dancing with Tom.
Mary said she learned a lot from Tom.
Mary said she knew you could do that.
Mary said she knew what was going on.
Mary said she knew she could do that.
Mary said she knew it was time to go.
Mary said she isn't going to help us.
Mary said she isn't going to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom will do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she heard somebody yelling.
Mary said she heard somebody snoring.
Mary said she heard somebody singing.
Mary said she had trouble doing that.
Mary said she had to go to a meeting.
Mary said she had three dogs at home.
Mary said she had nothing else to do.
Mary said she had a surprise for you.
Mary said she had a knife in her car.
Mary said she had a friend in Boston.
Mary said she expects Tom to do that.
Mary said she enjoys teaching French.
Mary said she enjoys studying French.
Mary said she didn't want to help us.
Mary said she didn't want to eat now.
Mary said she didn't want to do that.
Mary said she didn't want me to wait.
Mary said she didn't want me to sing.
Mary said she didn't want a sandwich.
Mary said she didn't think she'd win.
Mary said she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she didn't mind doing that.
Mary said she didn't like to do that.
Mary said she didn't like doing that.
Mary said she didn't know what to do.
Mary said she didn't know the answer.
Mary said she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she didn't feel like going.
Mary said she didn't do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't care what I did.
Mary said she couldn't help us today.
Mary said she couldn't hear anything.
Mary said she couldn't do that today.
Mary said she couldn't do that again.
Mary said she could probably do that.
Mary said she believed what Tom said.
Mary said she believed she could win.
Mary said she appreciated Tom's help.
Mary said nobody else could help her.
Mary said no one else could help her.
Mary said more than she'd planned to.
Mary said more than she had intended.
Mary said it wasn't her who did that.
Mary said her parents have done that.
Mary said her new car cost her a lot.
Mary said all that didn't bother her.
Mary said Tom wouldn't let her drive.
Mary reluctantly did that by herself.
Mary reluctantly did as she was told.
Mary refused to tell us what she did.
Mary realized the mistake she'd made.
Mary realized she was being followed.
Mary realized she had made a mistake.
Mary realized Tom was staring at her.
Mary quickly made herself a sandwich.
Mary pulled the door shut behind her.
Mary promised she'd help Tom do that.
Mary promised she'd go straight home.
Mary promised she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary promised she won't do that here.
Mary promised me she'd do that today.
Mary promised me she'd clean my room.
Mary promised Tom that she'd do that.
Mary promised Tom she'd walk the dog.
Mary probably walked home by herself.
Mary probably knows I don't like her.
Mary pretended she didn't notice Tom.
Mary poured herself a glass of water.
Mary played a waltz on her accordion.
Mary phoned to say she couldn't come.
Mary paid back the money she owed me.
Mary overheard Tom talking about her.
Mary only had three dollars with her.
Mary only does what I tell her to do.
Mary only does that when she's drunk.
Mary often eats breakfast by herself.
Mary never said what you say she did.
Mary never mentioned she was married.
Mary must've gone fishing by herself.
Mary might get hurt if she does that.
Mary met Tom while she was in Boston.
Mary may use my bicycle if she wants.
Mary may talk to Tom if she wants to.
Mary may take all the time she needs.
Mary may not be as rich as she seems.
Mary may not be as busy as she seems.
Mary made up her mind not to do that.
Mary made a complete fool of herself.
Mary loved apples when she was a kid.
Mary looks very pleased with herself.
Mary looks like she's about to faint.
Mary looked like she'd been drinking.
Mary looked like she was unimpressed.
Mary looked like she was unconvinced.
Mary looked like she was embarrassed.
Mary looked like she was discouraged.
Mary locked herself out of her house.
Mary likes to keep things to herself.
Mary likes the way Tom smiles at her.
Mary likes keeping things to herself.
Mary lied about how much she weighed.
Mary let herself in with her own key.
Mary left home when she was eighteen.
Mary left Boston when she was thirty.
Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Mary knows we didn't do this for her.
Mary knows that she ought to do that.
Mary knows that she needs to do that.
Mary knows that she can count on Tom.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary knows she's supposed to do that.
Mary knows she's running out of time.
Mary knows she's got to keep working.
Mary knows she ought to do that soon.
Mary knows she needs to study French.
Mary knows she needs to do that soon.
Mary knows she made the right choice.
Mary knows Tom will help her do that.
Mary knew she'd done something wrong.
Mary knew she was in serious trouble.
Mary knew she was being photographed.
Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Mary knew exactly what she was doing.
Mary knew exactly what she had to do.
Mary knew Tom would help her do that.
Mary killed herself three nights ago.
Mary killed herself three months ago.
Mary kept every letter Tom wrote her.
Mary just told us that she got fired.
Mary just does what she's told to do.
Mary isn't very enthusiastic, is she?
Mary isn't sure she wants to do that.
Mary isn't sure she ought to do that.
Mary isn't sure she needs to do that.
Mary isn't as slow as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as she used to be.
Mary isn't as old as she says she is.
Mary isn't as nice as she used to be.
Mary isn't as lazy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as happy as she should be.
Mary isn't as fast as she used to be.
Mary isn't as cute as she used to be.
Mary isn't as busy as she used to be.
Mary is younger than she says she is.
Mary is worried that she'll get lost.
Mary is wearing the hat you gave her.
Mary is wearing the hat Tom gave her.
Mary is very sure she should do that.
Mary is very sure she has to do that.
Mary is very sorry for what she said.
Mary is very conservative, isn't she?
Mary is unable to do that on her own.
Mary is too young to live by herself.
Mary is the tallest kid in her class.
Mary is telling the truth, isn't she?
Mary is sure she'll find another job.
Mary is still your friend, isn't she?
Mary is still living with her family.
Mary is richer than you think she is.
Mary is really successful, isn't she?
Mary is really persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is really overweight, isn't she?
Mary is really aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is rather successful, isn't she?
Mary is quite sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is quite resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is quite competitive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty dependable, isn't she?
Mary is pretty aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is prepared for this, isn't she?
Mary is only pretending she's asleep.
Mary is older than I thought she was.
Mary is not as shy as she used to be.
Mary is lucky she didn't get injured.
Mary is lucky nobody saw her do that.
Mary is just being polite, isn't she?
Mary is hoping we'll do that for her.
Mary is happiest when she's swimming.
Mary is going to tell Tom she's busy.
Mary is going to do whatever she can.
Mary is going to be there, isn't she?
Mary is convinced that Tom likes her.
Mary is being quite vague, isn't she?
Mary is always contradicting herself.
Mary is already in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is allowed to do what she wants.
Mary is able to take care of herself.
Mary is a lot smarter than she looks.
Mary hurried so she wouldn't be late.
Mary hopes Tom will teach her French.
Mary hired Tom to be her interpreter.
Mary hid herself behind a large rock.
Mary helps whoever asks her for help.
Mary hasn't told me why she did that.
Mary hasn't done that again, has she?
Mary has tried to kill herself again.
Mary has told Tom what she can't eat.
Mary has the right to defend herself.
Mary has said she intends to do that.
Mary has quite a temper, doesn't she?
Mary has nobody to blame but herself.
Mary has no one to blame but herself.
Mary has never told Tom she was sorry
Mary has lots of friends to help her.
Mary has finished eating, hasn't she?
Mary has done what we told her to do.
Mary has done that again, hasn't she?
Mary has decided that she'll do that.
Mary has been told she can't do that.
Mary has been a gambler all her life.
Mary has asked us to do that for her.
Mary has also said she won't do that.
Mary has also said she can't do that.
Mary hardly ever talks about herself.
Mary had to admit that she was wrong.
Mary had the right to defend herself.
Mary had only three dollars with her.
Mary had nothing to say, so she left.
Mary had no right to do what she did.
Mary had no one but herself to blame.
Mary had no chance to defend herself.
Mary got the punishment she deserved.
Mary got paid more than she expected.
Mary got married when she was thirty.
Mary frequently does that by herself.
Mary flirts with every man she meets.
Mary felt uncomfortable, so she left.
Mary failed because she didn't study.
Mary expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary eats only what she wants to eat.
Mary eats lunch by herself every day.
Mary drives a black car, doesn't she?
Mary doesn't yet know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't want to live by herself.
Mary doesn't want to do that herself.
Mary doesn't think she could do that.
Mary doesn't think before she speaks.
Mary doesn't still do that, does she?
Mary doesn't realize what she's lost.
Mary doesn't realize what she's done.
Mary doesn't miss anything, does she?
Mary doesn't like to work by herself.
Mary doesn't know why Tom called her.
Mary doesn't know where she was born.
Mary doesn't know what she's missing.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she should do.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't know that Tom hates her.
Mary doesn't intend to go by herself.
Mary doesn't have what she wants yet.
Mary doesn't have anyone to help her.
Mary doesn't feel she has to do that.
Mary doesn't consider herself a hero.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that.
Mary does whatever we tell her to do.
Mary does whatever she's asked to do.
Mary does anything we tell her to do.
Mary didn't think she should do that.
Mary didn't think she had to do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would kiss her.
Mary didn't think Tom would hurt her.
Mary didn't tell the man who she was.
Mary didn't tell me why she was late.
Mary didn't tell me why she did that.
Mary didn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary didn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was unhappy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was leaving.
Mary didn't seem very tired, did she?
Mary didn't seem very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem very angry, did she?
Mary didn't say what you say she did.
Mary didn't realize she had to leave.
Mary didn't need to go there herself.
Mary didn't need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't mention why she was late.
Mary didn't mention where she'd gone.
Mary didn't mention where she'd been.
Mary didn't mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't know who she could trust.
Mary didn't know where she was going.
Mary didn't know where she should go.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't know Tom had lied to her.
Mary didn't have much money with her.
Mary didn't have anybody to help her.
Mary didn't go snorkeling by herself.
Mary didn't do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't do what she says she did.
Mary didn't do what she said she did.
Mary didn't do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't do what I told her to do.
Mary didn't actually do that herself.
Mary did whatever we asked her to do.
Mary did what she was supposed to do.
Mary did what she felt she had to do.
Mary did what she believed was right.
Mary did what Tom said she should do.
Mary did what Tom expected her to do.
Mary did the right thing, didn't she?
Mary did the only thing she could do.
Mary did that until the day she died.
Mary did that on purpose, didn't she?
Mary did everything she wanted to do.
Mary deserved the punishment she got.
Mary demanded that I do that for her.
Mary crashed her car into a lamppost.
Mary couldn't get the job she wanted.
Mary could've won if she'd wanted to.
Mary could try doing that by herself.
Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could get here if she wanted to.
Mary could get fired if she did that.
Mary could buy everything she needed.
Mary compared her answers with Tom's.
Mary claims she hasn't yet been paid.
Mary claims she hasn't been paid yet.
Mary claimed that she didn't do that.
Mary canceled her plans to visit Tom.
Mary can't see Tom from where she is.
Mary can't have done that by herself.
Mary can use my bicycle if she wants.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she likes.
Mary can leave early if she wants to.
Mary can do that with her bare hands.
Mary came here to ask us to help her.
Mary called to tell me she'd be late.
Mary called Tom to say she'd be late.
Mary broke off her engagement to Tom.
Mary bought herself a new toothbrush.
Mary bought herself a new sports car.
Mary bought a gift for her boyfriend.
Mary blamed Tom for all her problems.
Mary believes whatever Tom tells her.
Mary believed that she could do that.
Mary asked what she could do to help.
Mary asked me to wake her up at 2:30.
Mary asked me to take her to the zoo.
Mary asked me to say goodbye for her.
Mary asked me to read her some poems.
Mary asked me to lend her some money.
Mary asked if she could use my phone.
Mary asked Tom to wake her up at six.
Mary asked Tom to tell her the truth.
Mary asked Tom to stay away from her.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the gravy.
Mary asked Tom to help her find John.
Mary asked Tom not to go without her.
Mary asked Tom if she could kiss him.
Mary always did her best to help Tom.
Mary almost looks happy, doesn't she?
Mary admitted that she'd lied to Tom.
Mary admitted that she'd been unfair.
Mary admitted that she was terrified.
Mary admitted that she was impressed.
Mary admitted that she was exhausted.
Mary admitted she wasn't really sick.
Mary acted as if she didn't know Tom.
Let's stop by Mary's and talk to her.
Let's go over to Mary's and help her.
Let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
If Mary were older, she'd understand.
If Mary had more time, she'd do that.
I'm sure Mary knows what she's doing.
I'm not leaving Mary here by herself.
I'll talk to Mary when she gets home.
I won't tell Mary what she should do.
I wish Mary had asked us to help her.
I warned Mary, but she didn't listen.
I told Mary that she should call Tom.
I told Mary that I wouldn't help her.
I told Mary she shouldn't drink that.
I told Mary she should buy a new car.
I think Mary wants me to go with her.
I think Mary thinks I'm lying to her.
I think Mary said that she'd do that.
I think Mary expected Tom to hug her.
I now know why Mary did what she did.
I need Mary to know that we love her.
I love Mary, but she doesn't love me.
I like Mary, but she doesn't like me.
I know Mary says she doesn't like me.
I know Mary can take care of herself.
I hope Mary knows what she should do.
I hope Mary knows what she has to do.
I hope Mary knows she has to do that.
I hope Mary can take care of herself.
I gave Mary everything she asked for.
I don't want Mary to swim by herself.
I didn't let Mary do what she wanted.
I didn't buy Mary what she asked for.
I couldn't give Mary what she needed.
I can see Mary, but she can't see me.
I asked Mary why she never remarried.
I asked Mary why she didn't like Tom.
I asked Mary where she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary what she thought of Tom.
I asked Mary if she needed more time.
Have you told Mary that you love her?
Have you asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary told Tom that she's married?
Grab Mary and don't let her get away.
Does Mary really think Tom likes her?
Does Mary know I want her to do that?
Did you ask Mary why she was leaving?
Did anyone ask Mary why she did that?
Did Mary tell you where she got this?
Did Mary tell you that she'd be late?
Did Mary say she'd eat lunch with us?
Did Mary say she did that by herself?
Did Mary ever tell you she loved you?
Did Mary do what you asked her to do?
Did Mary actually do that by herself?
Call Mary and tell her we'll be late.
Ask Mary who she learned French from.
Ask Mary whether she's coming or not.
Ask Mary when she plans to come back.
Ask Mary what she wants to listen to.
Ask Mary what she needs the rope for.
Ask Mary if she'll be at the meeting.
Ask Mary if she knows how to do that.
Ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
Ask Mary about it when she gets here.
You need to ask Mary what she'll do.
You can't let Mary drink by herself.
Why does Mary always eat by herself?
Who's Mary and how does she know me?
Where did Mary say she wanted to go?
What did Mary say she wanted to eat?
Was Mary able to do that by herself?
Tell Mary you'd like to go with her.
Tell Mary that Tom wants to see her.
Tell Mary she has to get out of bed.
Tell Mary not to do that by herself.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her now.
Please tell Mary she should do that.
Please tell Mary she has to do that.
None of Mary's classmates liked her.
Nobody told Mary what she should do.
Maybe Mary didn't like what she saw.
Maybe Mary can take care of herself.
Mary's mother told her to come home.
Mary's friends knew she was unhappy.
Mary's children must be missing her.
Mary wrapped a towel around herself.
Mary wouldn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary wouldn't hit anyone, would she?
Mary would never do that by herself.
Mary would be fired if she did that.
Mary would be fined if she did that.
Mary wondered if she'd been lied to.
Mary wondered if Tom would kiss her.
Mary won't really do that, will she?
Mary won't let Tom kiss her anymore.
Mary won't go even if she's invited.
Mary won't eat by herself, will she?
Mary won't admit that she was wrong.
Mary wishes she had a larger office.
Mary wished she'd been more careful.
Mary wished she had something to do.
Mary will like what you did for her.
Mary will do that when she has time.
Mary will do that when she comes in.
Mary will do that if you pay her to.
Mary will be very glad she did that.
Mary will be really busy, won't she?
Mary wasn't very assertive, was she?
Mary wasn't told she should do that.
Mary wasn't sure what she should do.
Mary wasn't sure she should do that.
Mary wasn't sure she liked the plan.
Mary wasn't sure she had to do that.
Mary wasn't sure how she could help.
Mary wasn't really enjoying herself.
Mary wasn't happy with what she saw.
Mary was unwilling to go by herself.
Mary was told to do that by herself.
Mary was told she shouldn't do that.
Mary was reluctant to go by herself.
Mary was lucky Tom did that for her.
Mary was late because she overslept.
Mary was certainly enjoying herself.
Mary was at home by herself all day.
Mary was afraid to do it by herself.
Mary was absolutely sure of herself.
Mary was able to do that on her own.
Mary wants to see Tom in her office.
Mary wants to do everything herself.
Mary wanted me to hold that for her.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her French.
Mary wanted Tom to take her picture.
Mary wanted Tom to read her a story.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her parents.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her friends.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her at 2:30.
Mary usually goes rowing by herself.
Mary usually gets what she asks for.
Mary tried to tell Tom how she felt.
Mary told us she'd agree to do that.
Mary told us she could speak French.
Mary told me why she needed my help.
Mary told me why she didn't do that.
Mary told me to tell you she's fine.
Mary told me that she's very hungry.
Mary told me that she's unconvinced.
Mary told me that she's sympathetic.
Mary told me that she's discouraged.
Mary told me that she'd be discreet.
Mary told me that she was very busy.
Mary told me that she was unmarried.
Mary told me that she was terrified.
Mary told me that she was surprised.
Mary told me that she was skeptical.
Mary told me that she was satisfied.
Mary told me that she was miserable.
Mary told me that she was irritated.
Mary told me that she was impressed.
Mary told me that she was forgetful.
Mary told me that she was exhausted.
Mary told me that she was desperate.
Mary told me that she was depressed.
Mary told me that she losing weight.
Mary told me that she likes to swim.
Mary told me that she had been sick.
Mary told me that she had a problem.
Mary told me that she can't do that.
Mary told me she's ready to do that.
Mary told me she's leaving tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd be ready by 2:30.
Mary told me she'd agree to do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't stay long.
Mary told me she wasn't very hungry.
Mary told me she wasn't ready to go.
Mary told me she wasn't embarrassed.
Mary told me she wasn't discouraged.
Mary told me she wasn't coming back.
Mary told me she was glad to see me.
Mary told me she wanted to meet Tom.
Mary told me she wanted to kiss Tom.
Mary told me she used to be married.
Mary told me she preferred red wine.
Mary told me she likes Chinese food.
Mary told me she found a job for me.
Mary told me she enjoyed the picnic.
Mary told me she didn't like boxing.
Mary told me she couldn't stay long.
Mary told Tom what she'd seen on TV.
Mary told Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary told Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary told Tom what she needed to do.
Mary told Tom that she'd be on time.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't cry.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom that she was unafraid.
Mary told Tom that she was ticklish.
Mary told Tom that she was prepared.
Mary told Tom that she was innocent.
Mary told Tom that she was confused.
Mary told Tom that she was Canadian.
Mary told Tom she'd never leave him.
Mary told Tom she'd always love him.
Mary told Tom she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom she understood French.
Mary told Tom she needed to do that.
Mary told Tom she needed some money.
Mary told Tom about what she'd done.
Mary thought that she might do that.
Mary thought she'd find another job.
Mary thought she was in big trouble.
Mary thought she should be with Tom.
Mary thought she needed to help Tom.
Mary thought she could count on Tom.
Mary thought she could cheer Tom up.
Mary thought Tom would remember her.
Mary thinks she'll get straight A's.
Mary thinks she should study French.
Mary talks quite a lot, doesn't she?
Mary swore that she'd never do that.
Mary swears she won't do that again.
Mary stood in the corner by herself.
Mary soon realized she wasn't alone.
Mary smiles every time she sees Tom.
Mary showed Tom the scar on her leg.
Mary should've stayed where she was.
Mary should've done that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary should do that if she wants to.
Mary seems to know what she's doing.
Mary seems quite happy, doesn't she?
Mary seems awfully sad, doesn't she?
Mary seemed to know what she wanted.
Mary seemed to be happy, didn't she?
Mary seemed quite happy, didn't she?
Mary says that she's a good student.
Mary says that she'll do that today.
Mary says that she'll come tomorrow.
Mary says that she wants to do that.
Mary says that she plans to do that.
Mary says that she doesn't blame us.
Mary says that doesn't surprise her.
Mary says she's too busy to do that.
Mary says she's tired of doing that.
Mary says she's teaching Tom French.
Mary says she's prepared to do that.
Mary says she's never taught French.
Mary says she's left before Tom did.
Mary says she's feeling very sleepy.
Mary says she'll study French today.
Mary says she'll pay for everything.
Mary says she'll get home on Monday.
Mary says she'll do what she has to.
Mary says she'll do that by herself.
Mary says she'll call Tom next week.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she'd never do that again.
Mary says she won't wait any longer.
Mary says she won't need to do that.
Mary says she won't help us do that.
Mary says she won't have to do that.
Mary says she won't do that for you.
Mary says she won't do that anymore.
Mary says she wants to study French.
Mary says she wants to speak to you.
Mary says she wants to speak French.
Mary says she wants to learn French.
Mary says she wants to go to Boston.
Mary says she wants to do that, too.
Mary says she wants to be a teacher.
Mary says she understood everything.
Mary says she trusts Tom completely.
Mary says she tried to do that once.
Mary says she taught herself French.
Mary says she still does that a lot.
Mary says she saw something strange.
Mary says she saw Tom leaving early.
Mary says she plans to study French.
Mary says she needs to study French.
Mary says she likes teaching French.
Mary says she likes studying French.
Mary says she likes speaking French.
Mary says she knows Tom can do that.
Mary says she just couldn't do that.
Mary says she isn't able to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't win.
Mary says she hopes Tom can do that.
Mary says she has no concrete plans.
Mary says she has a lot to do today.
Mary says she felt sick an hour ago.
Mary says she feels much better now.
Mary says she feels like doing that.
Mary says she feels a little better.
Mary says she doesn't remember much.
Mary says she doesn't need our help.
Mary says she didn't have insurance.
Mary says she comes here every year.
Mary says she can't wait any longer.
Mary said the explosion woke her up.
Mary said that's not what she wants.
Mary said that she's been very busy.
Mary said that she'd call you later.
Mary said that she'd been fortunate.
Mary said that she'd be there early.
Mary said that she'd be cooperative.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Mary said that she wasn't very cold.
Mary said that she wasn't surprised.
Mary said that she wasn't skeptical.
Mary said that she wasn't satisfied.
Mary said that she wasn't impressed.
Mary said that she wasn't concerned.
Mary said that she was very worried.
Mary said that she was very unhappy.
Mary said that she was very thirsty.
Mary said that she was very serious.
Mary said that she was very nervous.
Mary said that she was very excited.
Mary said that she was very curious.
Mary said that she was discontented.
Mary said that she was disappointed.
Mary said that she was conservative.
Mary said that she was ambidextrous.
Mary said that she wants to do that.
Mary said that she really liked Tom.
Mary said that she needed the money.
Mary said that she needed more time.
Mary said that she hasn't done that.
Mary said that she enjoyed the food.
Mary said that she didn't feel safe.
Mary said that she couldn't do that.
Mary said that she couldn't breathe.
Mary said that Tom had insulted her.
Mary said some men had attacked her.
Mary said she's very busy this week.
Mary said she's very busy right now.
Mary said she's studying French now.
Mary said she's seen people do that.
Mary said she's seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she's only done that once.
Mary said she's never taught French.
Mary said she's never seen Tom swim.
Mary said she's hesitant to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't win.
Mary said she's finished doing that.
Mary said she'll be doing that soon.
Mary said she'll ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd play tennis with us.
Mary said she'd never let you drive.
Mary said she'd never let Tom drive.
Mary said she'd never do that again.
Mary said she'd like to talk to you.
Mary said she'd like to do that now.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to win.
Mary said she'd do that and she did.
Mary said she'd do anything for you.
Mary said she'd do anything for Tom.
Mary said she'd consider doing that.
Mary said she'd buy what was needed.
Mary said she'd be happy to do that.
Mary said she'd be back next Monday.
Mary said she'd be back before 2:30.
Mary said she wouldn't speak French.
Mary said she wouldn't say anything.
Mary said she wouldn't be gone long.
Mary said she won't walk home today.
Mary said she won't wait any longer.
Mary said she won't do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't having any fun.
Mary said she wasn't good at French.
Mary said she wasn't going anywhere.
Mary said she wasn't afraid anymore.
Mary said she was worried about Tom.
Mary said she was very unlikely win.
Mary said she was very unlikely cry.
Mary said she was unable to do that.
Mary said she was too young to vote.
Mary said she was going to kiss Tom.
Mary said she was going to help Tom.
Mary said she was glad she did that.
Mary said she was glad Tom did that.
Mary said she was forced to do that.
Mary said she wants to write a book.
Mary said she wants to study French.
Mary said she wants to be a teacher.
Mary said she wanted to talk to Tom.
Mary said she wanted to leave early.
Mary said she wanted to go swimming.
Mary said she wanted to go shopping.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that.
Mary said she walked home yesterday.
Mary said she tried to do that once.
Mary said she tried to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought you'd do that.
Mary said she thought she could win.
Mary said she thought Tom would win.
Mary said she thought Tom would cry.
Mary said she thought Tom was upset.
Mary said she thought Tom was tired.
Mary said she thought Tom was right.
Mary said she thought Tom was ready.
Mary said she thought Tom was lying.
Mary said she thought Tom was happy.
Mary said she thought Tom was drunk.
Mary said she thought Tom was broke.
Mary said she thought Tom was bored.
Mary said she thought Tom was awake.
Mary said she thought Tom was angry.
Mary said she thought Tom was alone.
Mary said she thought Tom could win.
Mary said she slept well last night.
Mary said she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary said she remembers being there.
Mary said she remembered doing that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't win.
Mary said she probably wouldn't cry.
Mary said she plans to study French.
Mary said she plans to go on Monday.
Mary said she plans on going Monday.
Mary said she never saw Tom do that.
Mary said she needs to study French.
Mary said she needs to get some air.
Mary said she needed to talk to Tom.
Mary said she needed to take a bath.
Mary said she needed some more time.
Mary said she likes teaching French.
Mary said she likes studying French.
Mary said she likes speaking French.
Mary said she liked teaching French.
Mary said she liked studying French.
Mary said she liked speaking French.
Mary said she learned something new.
Mary said she knew why Tom did that.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't win.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she knew Tom wasn't happy.
Mary said she just needed more time.
Mary said she isn't able to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom can do that.
Mary said she heard someone yelling.
Mary said she heard someone snoring.
Mary said she heard someone singing.
Mary said she hasn't studied French.
Mary said she has confidence in Tom.
Mary said she had something for you.
Mary said she had no reason to stay.
Mary said she had confidence in Tom.
Mary said she figured Tom could win.
Mary said she feels like doing that.
Mary said she didn't wait very long.
Mary said she didn't mean to hit me.
Mary said she didn't know the rules.
Mary said she didn't intend to stay.
Mary said she didn't have insurance.
Mary said she didn't have any money.
Mary said she didn't have an office.
Mary said she didn't have a bicycle.
Mary said she didn't care what I do.
Mary said she didn't agree with you.
Mary said she couldn't speak French.
Mary said she could wait until 2:30.
Mary said she could help us do that.
Mary said she considered doing that.
Mary said she can't wait any longer.
Mary said she assumed you'd do that.
Mary said she almost didn't do that.
Mary said she agrees it's a problem.
Mary said she acted in self-defense.
Mary said Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said Tom has never lied to her.
Mary refused the food I offered her.
Mary reflected on what she had done.
Mary realized that she was drowning.
Mary realized she shouldn't do that.
Mary realized she needed to do that.
Mary read the poem she wrote to Tom.
Mary read everything she could find.
Mary ran away as soon as she saw me.
Mary ran as fast as she was able to.
Mary put you up to this, didn't she?
Mary promised to keep it to herself.
Mary promised she'd do that for Tom.
Mary promised she'd be more careful.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell Tom.
Mary promised me that she'd do that.
Mary promised me that she'd be here.
Mary promised me she'd study French.
Mary promised me she'd come by 2:30.
Mary pretended that she didn't care.
Mary pretended she was still asleep.
Mary pretended she didn't notice me.
Mary prepared herself for the worst.
Mary poured herself a glass of wine.
Mary poured herself a glass of milk.
Mary poured herself a cup of coffee.
Mary poured cold water over herself.
Mary plans on doing that by herself.
Mary phoned to say she's not coming.
Mary ought to be ashamed of herself.
Mary only does what she wants to do.
Mary only does what she needs to do.
Mary never told me why she was here.
Mary never told me why she did that.
Mary never told me where she worked.
Mary never told Tom she was married.
Mary never goes kayaking by herself.
Mary never goes anywhere by herself.
Mary never forgave herself for that.
Mary never did what you say she did.
Mary never denied that she did that.
Mary needs all the help she can get.
Mary moved in with her grandparents.
Mary motioned for Tom to follow her.
Mary might think you don't like her.
Mary might help if you asked her to.
Mary may leave anytime she wants to.
Mary may get fined if she does that.
Mary may do that wherever she wants.
Mary may do that anywhere she wants.
Mary made sure nobody could see her.
Mary made sure no one could see her.
Mary made a list of what she wanted.
Mary made a list of what she needed.
Mary lost the job she had in Boston.
Mary looks older than she really is.
Mary looks like she's uncomfortable.
Mary looks like she'd like to leave.
Mary looks a bit tired, doesn't she?
Mary looked like she was suspicious.
Mary looked like she was interested.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry.
Mary looked like she was having fun.
Mary looked like she was frustrated.
Mary looked like she was frightened.
Mary looked like she was fascinated.
Mary looked like she was distracted.
Mary locked herself out of her room.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom.
Mary lived in Boston her whole life.
Mary likes to take walks by herself.
Mary likes to go fishing by herself.
Mary likes to do everything herself.
Mary lied to Tom about what she did.
Mary lied about who she'd been with.
Mary lent Tom her bicycle last week.
Mary left her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary knows you'll never forgive her.
Mary knows why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary knows what she's talking about.
Mary knows that she has to be ready.
Mary knows she should do that today.
Mary knows she has to do that today.
Mary knows exactly what she's doing.
Mary knew what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew that she was being unfair.
Mary knew that she couldn't do that.
Mary knew she'd never see Tom again.
Mary knew she was likely to be late.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't let her down.
Mary knew I'd do whatever she asked.
Mary killed herself three years ago.
Mary kept her suspicions to herself.
Mary just does what she wants to do.
Mary just does what she needs to do.
Mary isn't willing to go by herself.
Mary isn't where I told her to wait.
Mary isn't very trustworthy, is she?
Mary isn't very resourceful, is she?
Mary isn't still doing that, is she?
Mary isn't staying with you, is she?
Mary isn't going to do that, is she?
Mary isn't from around here, is she?
Mary isn't as shy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as fat as she used to be.
Mary is your best friend, isn't she?
Mary is well paid for what she does.
Mary is warming herself by the fire.
Mary is waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary is very sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is very spontaneous, isn't she?
Mary is very resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is very progressive, isn't she?
Mary is very pessimistic, isn't she?
Mary is very considerate, isn't she?
Mary is very competitive, isn't she?
Mary is usually punctual, isn't she?
Mary is unlikely to come by herself.
Mary is taking good care of herself.
Mary is sure that everybody saw her.
Mary is supposed to do that herself.
Mary is still dating Tom, isn't she?
Mary is still at Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is still a teenager, isn't she?
Mary is staying with you, isn't she?
Mary is really obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is really dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is really conceited, isn't she?
Mary is really beautiful, isn't she?
Mary is really ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is quite successful, isn't she?
Mary is quite prejudiced, isn't she?
Mary is quite possessive, isn't she?
Mary is quite photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is quite persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is quite overweight, isn't she?
Mary is quite dependable, isn't she?
Mary is quite courageous, isn't she?
Mary is quite aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty conceited, isn't she?
Mary is pretty ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is on vacation with her family.
Mary is older than you think she is.
Mary is much younger than she looks.
Mary is much smarter than she looks.
Mary is mad at you for lying to her.
Mary is lucky she didn't get killed.
Mary is just being petty, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can cheer Tom up.
Mary is good at everything she does.
Mary is going to help us, isn't she?
Mary is going to go, too, isn't she?
Mary is going to get herself killed.
Mary is going to do that, isn't she?
Mary is going to do that on her own.
Mary is going to do that by herself.
Mary is fairly sure she can do that.
Mary is fairly ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying her life in Boston.
Mary is doing what she enjoys doing.
Mary is doing this for her children.
Mary is doing that for her children.
Mary is being very vague, isn't she?
Mary is afraid that she'll get lost.
Mary is a little nervous, isn't she?
Mary is a little jealous, isn't she?
Mary is a good violinist, isn't she?
Mary is a good guitarist, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself to everyone.
Mary introduced Tom to her daughter.
Mary hurt herself trying to do that.
Mary hoped she'd be able to do that.
Mary hoped she wouldn't be too late.
Mary hid herself behind the curtain.
Mary hates me as much as I hate her.
Mary has told me she has to do that.
Mary has to finish what she's doing.
Mary has things she still has to do.
Mary has something she wants to say.
Mary has paid back what she owes us.
Mary has never done that by herself.
Mary has never asked me to help her.
Mary has her reasons for doing that.
Mary has had about all she can take.
Mary has got things she needs to do.
Mary has done everything she can do.
Mary has been told she has to leave.
Mary has been to Boston, hasn't she?
Mary has been in Boston, hasn't she?
Mary had to go to Boston by herself.
Mary had the whole place to herself.
Mary had the whole house to herself.
Mary had no idea what she should do.
Mary had her reasons for doing that.
Mary had her picture taken with Tom.
Mary had a fight with her boyfriend.
Mary got exactly what she asked for.
Mary got angry when I told her that.
Mary got Tom to lend her some money.
Mary gestured for Tom to follow her.
Mary gave away everything she owned.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had.
Mary found what she was looking for.
Mary forced herself to stay focused.
Mary fixed the flat tire by herself.
Mary finished doing that by herself.
Mary felt herself growing impatient.
Mary expects Tom to do that for her.
Mary expected Tom to agree with her.
Mary enjoyed herself at the concert.
Mary ended up doing that by herself.
Mary doesn't want me here, does she?
Mary doesn't take herself seriously.
Mary doesn't speak French, does she?
Mary doesn't miss a thing, does she?
Mary doesn't look so busy, does she?
Mary doesn't look like she's lonely.
Mary doesn't like to repeat herself.
Mary doesn't like repeating herself.
Mary doesn't know where she belongs.
Mary doesn't know what she's saying.
Mary does whatever we ask her to do.
Mary does that even when she's sick.
Mary does that because she wants to.
Mary does that because she likes to.
Mary does only what she wants to do.
Mary didn't waste any time, did she?
Mary didn't want anyone to hear her.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her cry.
Mary didn't tell me where she lived.
Mary didn't tell me she was married.
Mary didn't tell me she was engaged.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sleepy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was hungry.
Mary didn't seem very busy, did she?
Mary didn't seem like herself today.
Mary didn't say who she'd gone with.
Mary didn't say where she was going.
Mary didn't say when she was coming.
Mary didn't look like she was tired.
Mary didn't look like she was happy.
Mary didn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary didn't know when she'd be back.
Mary didn't know what she was doing.
Mary didn't know what she should do.
Mary didn't know what she needed do.
Mary didn't know what she had to do.
Mary didn't know that Tom loved her.
Mary didn't know she should do that.
Mary didn't know she had to do that.
Mary didn't know how she could help.
Mary didn't invite Tom to her party.
Mary didn't have anyone to help her.
Mary didn't get what she wished for.
Mary didn't feel that she was ready.
Mary didn't do what you say she did.
Mary didn't do what she say she did.
Mary didn't care if anybody saw her.
Mary didn't buy what I asked her to.
Mary did what we expected her to do.
Mary did what she thought was right.
Mary did what she had planned to do.
Mary did that very fast, didn't she?
Mary did that the way I told her to.
Mary did that because I told her to.
Mary did that as often as she could.
Mary denied that she'd ever met Tom.
Mary definitely meant what she said.
Mary cut herself with a sharp knife.
Mary cried as she read Tom's letter.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted to.
Mary couldn't do what she had to do.
Mary could go home if she wanted to.
Mary could get hurt if she did that.
Mary could do what she needed to do.
Mary could do that if she wanted to.
Mary could do everything by herself.
Mary constantly contradicts herself.
Mary closed the door behind herself.
Mary claims that she didn't do that.
Mary claims that doesn't bother her.
Mary claims she's done that already.
Mary claims she's already done that.
Mary can't tie her shoes by herself.
Mary can't do everything by herself.
Mary can't blame anyone but herself.
Mary can still take care of herself.
Mary can sleep here if she wants to.
Mary can do that wherever she wants.
Mary can do that anywhere she wants.
Mary can come, too, if she wants to.
Mary came here with Tom, didn't she?
Mary called me after Tom called her.
Mary burned everything Tom gave her.
Mary bought herself a new saxophone.
Mary bought herself a cup of coffee.
Mary blushed when she saw Tom naked.
Mary blushed when Tom smiled at her.
Mary believed everything I told her.
Mary begged Tom to help her do that.
Mary barricaded herself in her room.
Mary ate the whole pizza by herself.
Mary assured Tom that she'd do that.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six.
Mary asked me to throw her the ball.
Mary asked if she needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom whether he liked her.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her again.
Mary asked Tom if she could go home.
Mary appears to have hanged herself.
Mary apparently did that by herself.
Mary always goes fishing by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd lied to me.
Mary admitted that she'd been wrong.
Mary admitted that she wasn't ready.
Mary admitted that she was homesick.
Mary admitted that she was confused.
Mary admitted she wanted to do that.
Mary acted like she didn't know Tom.
Is it true that Mary killed herself?
Is Mary going to do that by herself?
If Mary is tired, let her go to bed.
If Mary asks me to help her, I will.
I've known Mary since she was a kid.
I'll tell Mary we're going with her.
I'll ask Mary if she needs any help.
I wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I told Mary that she should do that.
I told Mary that she had to do that.
I told Mary that Tom was mad at her.
I told Mary that I'd get her a gift.
I told Mary she should study harder.
I told Mary she should study French.
I told Mary I'd like to talk to her.
I told Mary I wanted to go with her.
I told Mary I wanted her to help me.
I told Mary I wanted her to do that.
I told Mary I thought she could win.
I think Mary should do that herself.
I think Mary really enjoyed herself.
I think Mary knows what she's doing.
I think Mary did the best she could.
I think Mary can do that by herself.
I ought to ask Mary what she thinks.
I never asked Mary what she thought.
I let Mary talk me into helping her.
I let Mary do anything she wants to.
I hope Mary will do that by herself.
I don't let Mary do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary that I loved her.
I can help Mary find what she needs.
I asked Mary why she waited so long.
I asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I asked Mary where she wanted to go.
I asked Mary what she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary if she wanted to drive.
I always let Mary do what she wants.
How long did Mary say she'd be gone?
How did Mary react when she saw Tom?
Has Mary told you where she met Tom?
Has Mary ever asked you to help her?
Does Mary have everything she needs?
Does Mary always do that by herself?
Do you know why Mary killed herself?
Did Mary say why she wanted to quit?
Did Mary say why she gave it to you?
Did Mary say she'd help Tom do that?
Did Mary say how long she'd be away?
Did Mary really go there by herself?
Did Mary figure that out by herself?
Did Mary drive to Boston by herself?
Call Mary and tell her where we are.
Call Mary and tell her to come here.
Ask Mary if she can help us do that.
You should tell Mary she was wrong.
You should ask Mary what she'll do.
You need to call Mary and tell her.
You have to call Mary and tell her.
Will Mary be doing that by herself?
Why would Mary want me to help her?
Why didn't Mary do that by herself?
Who did Mary say taught her French?
What's Mary doing there by herself?
What did Mary say she wanted to do?
What Mary saw was changed her life.
We should ask Mary what she thinks.
Was Mary with Tom when you saw her?
Tell Mary we want to talk with her.
Tell Mary that I'm here to see her.
Tell Mary that I'll be calling her.
Tell Mary that I know what she did.
Tell Mary she has to do that today.
Mary's shoes are too small for her.
Mary's husband met her at the gate.
Mary's husband left her in October.
Mary's daughter drew her a picture.
Mary wouldn't let anybody help her.
Mary wouldn't go hiking by herself.
Mary wouldn't come out of her room.
Mary wouldn't allow us to help her.
Mary wouldn't allow me to help her.
Mary would've gone if she could've.
Mary would do that if she knew how.
Mary would be cute if she did that.
Mary works harder than she used to.
Mary wondered why Tom had left her.
Mary won't tell us where she lives.
Mary won't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary won't let Tom hug her anymore.
Mary won't have to do that herself.
Mary won't do that today, will she?
Mary wishes she could speak French.
Mary wished she was back in Boston.
Mary wished she had studied harder.
Mary wished she had more free time.
Mary will say what she always says.
Mary will laugh when she sees this.
Mary will have her house repainted.
Mary will do what I tell her to do.
Mary will do that for her children.
Mary will come after us, won't she?
Mary wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary wasn't able to defend herself.
Mary was unable to explain herself.
Mary was told she needs to do that.
Mary was told she couldn't do that.
Mary was surprised when I told her.
Mary was surprised by what she saw.
Mary was so busy she skipped lunch.
Mary was impressed by what she saw.
Mary was hoping she could help Tom.
Mary was glad Tom did that for her.
Mary was expecting Tom to help her.
Mary wants you to help her do that.
Mary wants us to think she's happy.
Mary wants us to know she did that.
Mary wants to leave, but she can't.
Mary wants me to help her tomorrow.
Mary wanted to cry, but she didn't.
Mary wanted me to teach her French.
Mary wanted me to read her a story.
Mary wanted me to do that with her.
Mary wanted her family to meet Tom.
Mary wanted Tom to sit next to her.
Mary wanted Tom to leave her alone.
Mary wanted Tom to do that for her.
Mary wanted Tom to be nicer to her.
Mary told us why she'd been absent.
Mary told us she thought she'd win.
Mary told me that she's unemployed.
Mary told me that she's suspicious.
Mary told me that she's interested.
Mary told me that she'd leave soon.
Mary told me that she'd come again.
Mary told me that she'd be careful.
Mary told me that she was ticklish.
Mary told me that she was thrilled.
Mary told me that she was relieved.
Mary told me that she was prepared.
Mary told me that she was positive.
Mary told me that she was offended.
Mary told me that she was innocent.
Mary told me that she was homesick.
Mary told me that she was divorced.
Mary told me that she was diabetic.
Mary told me that she was confused.
Mary told me that she wanted a dog.
Mary told me that she spoke French.
Mary told me she's never done that.
Mary told me she's getting married.
Mary told me she'd do that herself.
Mary told me she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary told me she wasn't sleepy yet.
Mary told me she wasn't happy here.
Mary told me she was really hungry.
Mary told me she was going to help.
Mary told me she was feeling dizzy.
Mary told me she wanted to do that.
Mary told me she needed some money.
Mary told me she needed more money.
Mary told me she might not do that.
Mary told me she liked Tom's smile.
Mary told me she knew who did that.
Mary told me she enjoyed the party.
Mary told me she enjoyed the movie.
Mary told me she didn't have a car.
Mary told everyone she was adopted.
Mary told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary told Tom to stay out her room.
Mary told Tom that she was unlucky.
Mary told Tom that she was thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she was starved.
Mary told Tom that she was retired.
Mary told Tom that she was puzzled.
Mary told Tom that she was pleased.
Mary told Tom that she was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she was married.
Mary told Tom that she was leaving.
Mary told Tom that she was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she was furious.
Mary told Tom that she was excited.
Mary told Tom that she was curious.
Mary told Tom that she was annoyed.
Mary told Tom she'd never met John.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted a divorce.
Mary told Tom she didn't trust him.
Mary told Tom she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom not to hug her again.
Mary told Tom how she and John met.
Mary thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary thought she needed to do that.
Mary thought she could impress Tom.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary thinks she's stronger than me.
Mary thinks she could probably win.
Mary tells me you're her boyfriend.
Mary taught herself how to do that.
Mary still hasn't said she's sorry.
Mary still has the book I lent her.
Mary stayed longer than she needed.
Mary stayed longer than she had to.
Mary stayed in the tent by herself.
Mary solved the problem on her own.
Mary solved the problem by herself.
Mary smiled when Tom winked at her.
Mary showed her photo album to Tom.
Mary showed Tom a picture she drew.
Mary shouted, but nobody heard her.
Mary shouldn't go there by herself.
Mary seldom goes hiking by herself.
Mary seems very angry, doesn't she?
Mary seems quite busy, doesn't she?
Mary seemed very tired, didn't she?
Mary seemed very angry, didn't she?
Mary seemed to be enjoying herself.
Mary seemed quite busy, didn't she?
Mary screamed as loud as she could.
Mary says we can start without her.
Mary says that she likes marigolds.
Mary says that she does that a lot.
Mary says that she can't sing well.
Mary says that she agrees with Tom.
Mary says that didn't surprise her.
Mary says she's willing to help us.
Mary says she's too old to do that.
Mary says she's never won anything.
Mary says she's never seen a panda.
Mary says she's feeling better now.
Mary says she's been asked to stay.
Mary says she's been asked to help.
Mary says she'll only speak to Tom.
Mary says she'll keep working hard.
Mary says she'll go to Boston soon.
Mary says she'll do whatever we do.
Mary says she'll do that on Monday.
Mary says she'll come to the party.
Mary says she'd rather not do that.
Mary says she wants to talk to you.
Mary says she wants to talk to Tom.
Mary says she wants to lose weight.
Mary says she wants more than that.
Mary says she used to teach French.
Mary says she used to study French.
Mary says she thinks she won't win.
Mary says she thinks it's possible.
Mary says she saw Tom this morning.
Mary says she remembers doing that.
Mary says she often forgets things.
Mary says she needs to talk to you.
Mary says she needs to talk to Tom.
Mary says she needs more than that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't swim.
Mary says she isn't having any fun.
Mary says she hasn't yet done that.
Mary says she hasn't done that yet.
Mary says she has plans to do that.
Mary says she has a lot of friends.
Mary says she had a very good time.
Mary says she doesn't want a party.
Mary says she doesn't study French.
Mary says she doesn't speak French.
Mary says she doesn't remember Tom.
Mary says she doesn't ever do that.
Mary says she didn't know about it.
Mary says she can wait a long time.
Mary says she believes she can win.
Mary says Tom will do that for her.
Mary sat all by herself at the bar.
Mary said the gunshots woke her up.
Mary said that she'd come tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd been careless.
Mary said that she wasn't ticklish.
Mary said that she wasn't offended.
Mary said that she wasn't homesick.
Mary said that she was very sleepy.
Mary said that she was very lonely.
Mary said that she was very hungry.
Mary said that she was unimpressed.
Mary said that she was unconvinced.
Mary said that she was unconcerned.
Mary said that she was sympathetic.
Mary said that she was ready to go.
Mary said that she was overwhelmed.
Mary said that she was intoxicated.
Mary said that she was heartbroken.
Mary said that she was embarrassed.
Mary said that she was discouraged.
Mary said that she saw Tom do that.
Mary said that she really liked me.
Mary said that she never said that.
Mary said that she doesn't do that.
Mary said that she didn't like Tom.
Mary said that she could swim well.
Mary said that Tom didn't like her.
Mary said that Tom ate her dessert.
Mary said she's willing to do that.
Mary said she's through doing that.
Mary said she's tempted to do that.
Mary said she's not ready to leave.
Mary said she's not going anywhere.
Mary said she's had enough of that.
Mary said she's feeling better now.
Mary said she's been feeling tired.
Mary said she'd stopped doing that.
Mary said she'd rather not go home.
Mary said she'd rather not eat now.
Mary said she'd rather not do that.
Mary said she'd pay for everything.
Mary said she'd never teach French.
Mary said she'd never study French.
Mary said she'd never see me again.
Mary said she'd never ever do that.
Mary said she'd love to go with us.
Mary said she'd likely not do that.
Mary said she'd like to go with us.
Mary said she'd lend me some money.
Mary said she'd definitely do that.
Mary said she'd call me right back.
Mary said she'd be willing help us.
Mary said she'd be willing do that.
Mary said she'd be home for dinner.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that.
Mary said she'd be doing that soon.
Mary said she'd be busy until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be back right away.
Mary said she'd be back in October.
Mary said she'd be at school today.
Mary said she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't wait for us.
Mary said she wished you'd do that.
Mary said she went there for a job.
Mary said she wasn't ready to talk.
Mary said she wasn't offered a job.
Mary said she wasn't likely to win.
Mary said she wasn't angry anymore.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of Tom.
Mary said she was worried about me.
Mary said she was unlikely do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help.
Mary said she was told not do that.
Mary said she was ready to do that.
Mary said she was looking for help.
Mary said she was in love with you.
Mary said she was in love with Tom.
Mary said she was hoping you'd win.
Mary said she was having a bad day.
Mary said she was happy to do that.
Mary said she was going to do that.
Mary said she was going to be late.
Mary said she was going to be here.
Mary said she was enjoying herself.
Mary said she was eager to do that.
Mary said she was asked to do that.
Mary said she was afraid of snakes.
Mary said she wants to talk to you.
Mary said she wants to change that.
Mary said she wants to be a lawyer.
Mary said she wanted to try to win.
Mary said she wanted to talk to me.
Mary said she wanted to take a nap.
Mary said she wanted to go sailing.
Mary said she thought Tom was here.
Mary said she thought Tom was busy.
Mary said she thinks you're stupid.
Mary said she should've left early.
Mary said she remembers doing that.
Mary said she regretted doing that.
Mary said she plans to be a doctor.
Mary said she noticed a difference.
Mary said she needs to go shopping.
Mary said she needed to take a nap.
Mary said she may possibly do that.
Mary said she may agree to do that.
Mary said she liked the new carpet.
Mary said she knows Tom's children.
Mary said she knew where Tom lived.
Mary said she isn't ready to leave.
Mary said she isn't having any fun.
Mary said she isn't going anywhere.
Mary said she hopes to change that.
Mary said she heard Tom doing that.
Mary said she hasn't yet done that.
Mary said she hasn't done that yet.
Mary said she had to go home early.
Mary said she had no other details.
Mary said she felt like doing that.
Mary said she felt good about that.
Mary said she enjoyed Tom's speech.
Mary said she didn't want you here.
Mary said she didn't want to sleep.
Mary said she didn't want to leave.
Mary said she didn't want to dance.
Mary said she didn't want me to go.
Mary said she didn't want anything.
Mary said she didn't remember much.
Mary said she didn't need to hurry.
Mary said she didn't need our help.
Mary said she didn't need anything.
Mary said she didn't need a lawyer.
Mary said she didn't have a lawyer.
Mary said she didn't have a choice.
Mary said she did that three times.
Mary said she can't sing very well.
Mary said she asked Tom to do that.
Mary said she appreciated the help.
Mary said her parents are divorced.
Mary repaired her watch by herself.
Mary really scared you, didn't she?
Mary really likes Tom, doesn't she?
Mary really knows what she's doing.
Mary realized she'd made a mistake.
Mary ran home as fast as she could.
Mary put her hand over Tom's mouth.
Mary promised she'd do that for us.
Mary promised she'd do that for me.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised she wouldn't be late.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't cry.
Mary pretended she didn't know Tom.
Mary pretended she didn't hear Tom.
Mary prefers to do that on her own.
Mary prefers to do that by herself.
Mary plans to retire when she's 65.
Mary picked Tom up on her way home.
Mary often goes fishing by herself.
Mary never told me where she lived.
Mary never told me what she wanted.
Mary never told me she was married.
Mary never told me she had a horse.
Mary never said she wasn't married.
Mary moved as quickly as she could.
Mary motioned for me to follow her.
Mary might've done that by herself.
Mary might not want us to help her.
Mary may speak French if she wants.
Mary may speak French if she likes.
Mary may have done that by herself.
Mary may get hurt if she does that.
Mary may eat wherever she wants to.
Mary may eat whenever she wants to.
Mary may eat whatever she wants to.
Mary may do that however she likes.
Mary may do that any way she likes.
Mary managed to do that on her own.
Mary managed to do that by herself.
Mary made herself something to eat.
Mary looks pretty proud of herself.
Mary looks like she's seen a ghost.
Mary looks like she's ready to cry.
Mary looks like she's going to cry.
Mary looks like she's disappointed.
Mary looks like she's about to cry.
Mary looks like she wants to leave.
Mary looked like she'd been crying.
Mary looked like she was surprised.
Mary looked like she was skeptical.
Mary looked like she was satisfied.
Mary looked like she was miserable.
Mary looked like she was irritated.
Mary looked like she was impressed.
Mary looked like she was impatient.
Mary looked like she was exhausted.
Mary looked like she was disgusted.
Mary looked like she was desperate.
Mary looked like she was depressed.
Mary looked like she was contented.
Mary looked like she was confident.
Mary looked like she was concerned.
Mary looked like she was attentive.
Mary lives by herself in the woods.
Mary likes to do things by herself.
Mary likes taking walks by herself.
Mary knows what to do, doesn't she?
Mary knows that she'll be punished.
Mary knows that she should do that.
Mary knows that she has to do that.
Mary knows she's going to be fired.
Mary knows she should study French.
Mary knows she should do that soon.
Mary knows she has to study French.
Mary knows she has to speak French.
Mary knows she has to keep working.
Mary knows she has to do that soon.
Mary knows she did something wrong.
Mary knows about this, doesn't she?
Mary knew why Tom didn't trust her.
Mary knew what she was looking for.
Mary knew what she was going to do.
Mary knew she wouldn't be punished.
Mary knew she was no longer needed.
Mary isn't very diplomatic, is she?
Mary isn't sure what she should do.
Mary isn't sure she should do that.
Mary isn't sure she has to do that.
Mary isn't sure how much she drank.
Mary isn't really that old, is she?
Mary isn't really enjoying herself.
Mary isn't in her office right now.
Mary isn't being very nice, is she?
Mary is working as fast as she can.
Mary is willing to help, isn't she?
Mary is very unsociable, isn't she?
Mary is very successful, isn't she?
Mary is very possessive, isn't she?
Mary is very photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is very persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is very persistent, isn't she?
Mary is very passionate, isn't she?
Mary is very overweight, isn't she?
Mary is very good at what she does.
Mary is very diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is very determined, isn't she?
Mary is very dependable, isn't she?
Mary is very courageous, isn't she?
Mary is very aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is unwilling to go by herself.
Mary is trying her best to do that.
Mary is the team leader, isn't she?
Mary is sure that everyone saw her.
Mary is sure she can do that again.
Mary is still out there, isn't she?
Mary is still in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is so cute when she does that.
Mary is sick, so she won't do that.
Mary is really talented, isn't she?
Mary is really stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is really creative, isn't she?
Mary is really busy now, isn't she?
Mary is quite talkative, isn't she?
Mary is quite obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is quite observant, isn't she?
Mary is quite obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is quite emotional, isn't she?
Mary is quite dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is quite conceited, isn't she?
Mary is quite ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is pretty romantic, isn't she?
Mary is pretty outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is painting the house herself.
Mary is out of her mind, isn't she?
Mary is older than she says she is.
Mary is obviously enjoying herself.
Mary is not as stupid as she looks.
Mary is lucky that she can do that.
Mary is lucky she didn't get fired.
Mary is in the hospital, isn't she?
Mary is in her car waiting for Tom.
Mary is happy traveling by herself.
Mary is doing what she wants to do.
Mary is doing what she needs to do.
Mary is being sarcastic, isn't she?
Mary is being deceitful, isn't she?
Mary is as ready as she'll ever be.
Mary is always punctual, isn't she?
Mary is already retired, isn't she?
Mary is able to do that on her own.
Mary is able to do that by herself.
Mary is a perfectionist, isn't she?
Mary is a little scared, isn't she?
Mary invited Tom over to her place.
Mary introduced Tom to her parents.
Mary introduced Tom to her friends.
Mary insisted she wouldn't do that.
Mary injured herself at work today.
Mary hoped that she'd win the race.
Mary hasn't told me who helped her.
Mary hasn't done that yet, has she?
Mary hasn't come home yet, has she?
Mary has vowed that she'll do that.
Mary has told me she won't do that.
Mary has told me she can't do that.
Mary has told Tom she has to leave.
Mary has something she needs to do.
Mary has some things she has to do.
Mary has said she wants to do that.
Mary has said she needs to do that.
Mary has no one to give her advice.
Mary has more money than she needs.
Mary has everything that she wants.
Mary has everything that she needs.
Mary has a right to defend herself.
Mary has a long drive ahead of her.
Mary had the whole room to herself.
Mary had only three dollars on her.
Mary had a right to defend herself.
Mary got Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary gets up before her parents do.
Mary gave Tom the key to her house.
Mary gave Tom her telephone number.
Mary found herself in a tight spot.
Mary flashed her headlights at Tom.
Mary finally decided she'd help us.
Mary felt she had to say something.
Mary felt she didn't have a choice.
Mary explained her reasons clearly.
Mary explained her position to Tom.
Mary eats hotdogs whenever she can.
Mary drove herself to the hospital.
Mary doesn't think she can do that.
Mary doesn't really know, does she?
Mary doesn't really care, does she?
Mary doesn't need to prove herself.
Mary doesn't look like she's tired.
Mary doesn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't know why Tom left her.
Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't know how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't have her phone on her.
Mary does whatever she wants to do.
Mary does what she thinks is right.
Mary does that as often as she can.
Mary does look lonely, doesn't she?
Mary does everything I tell her to.
Mary disguised herself as a beggar.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was tired.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sorry.
Mary didn't tell Tom her last name.
Mary didn't pass the exam, did she?
Mary didn't mind living by herself.
Mary didn't look like she was busy.
Mary didn't know why Tom hated her.
Mary didn't know how lucky she was.
Mary didn't feel sorry for herself.
Mary didn't even say she was sorry.
Mary didn't eat breakfast, did she?
Mary didn't do that all by herself.
Mary didn't do that again, did she?
Mary didn't deny that she did that.
Mary didn't believe what she heard.
Mary did what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did that the way she was told.
Mary did that by herself yesterday.
Mary did that as soon as she could.
Mary did that as fast as she could.
Mary did all she could to help Tom.
Mary denied that she told Tom that.
Mary decided to do that on her own.
Mary cried when she heard the news.
Mary cried a lot when Tom left her.
Mary couldn't stop blaming herself.
Mary could've done that on her own.
Mary could've done that by herself.
Mary could retire if she wanted to.
Mary confessed that she was guilty.
Mary claimed that she was innocent.
Mary claimed she's never done that.
Mary claimed she waited until 2:30.
Mary can't swim very well, can she?
Mary can't have done it by herself.
Mary can't find anyone to help her.
Mary can't come, because she's sick
Mary can't come because she's sick.
Mary can't bring herself to say no.
Mary can take a break if she wants.
Mary can stay with me if she wants.
Mary can stay as long as she likes.
Mary can have everything she wants.
Mary can do that however she likes.
Mary can do that any way she likes.
Mary calmly poured herself a drink.
Mary called and said she'd be late.
Mary brought her children with her.
Mary bragged about what she'd done.
Mary bought what she needed to buy.
Mary believes that she can do that.
Mary begged me to help her do that.
Mary ate the whole cake by herself.
Mary assured us that she'd do that.
Mary assured me that she'd do that.
Mary asked me to stay and help her.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt.
Mary asked me if she could do that.
Mary asked me if I agreed with her.
Mary asked Tom to stop texting her.
Mary asked Tom to leave her office.
Mary asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary asked Tom to buy her a ticket.
Mary always seems to be by herself.
Mary always said she could do that.
Mary always expects me to help her.
Mary always complains, doesn't she?
Mary already knew that, didn't she?
Mary admitted that she wasn't sure.
Mary admitted that she was worried.
Mary admitted that she was nervous.
Mary admitted that she was jealous.
Mary admitted that she was curious.
Mary admitted that she let Tom win.
Mary admitted she'd made a mistake.
Mary acted like she didn't know me.
Just tell Mary I'm looking for her.
If you want to tell Mary, tell her.
I've spoken to Mary and she's fine.
I've known Mary since she was born.
I'm sure Mary is doing all she can.
I'll tell Mary you asked about her.
I'll help Mary find what she needs.
I urged Mary to do what she wanted.
I told Mary who she should talk to.
I told Mary to get home by herself.
I told Mary that I agreed with her.
I think Mary will do as she's told.
I think Mary wants to kill herself.
I think Mary thought Tom liked her.
I taught Mary everything she knows.
I suspect Mary got what she wanted.
I promised Mary that we'd help her.
I hope Mary knows what she's doing.
I hope Mary knows how lucky she is.
I hope Mary can do that by herself.
I have to give Mary what she wants.
I didn't give Mary what she wanted.
I didn't give Mary what she needed.
I didn't ask Mary where she'd gone.
I asked Mary why she was in Boston.
I asked Mary what she was drinking.
I asked Mary what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary to do that by herself.
How does Mary know she can do that?
Give Mary whatever it is she wants.
Find Mary before she tells someone.
Everyone in Mary's class likes her.
Doesn't Mary realize Tom loves her?
Does Mary really think she can win?
Didn't Mary tell you she'd do that?
Did Mary tell you why she did that?
Did Mary tell you what she told me?
Did Mary tell Tom why she did that?
Did Mary say why she wasn't coming?
Did Mary say she wanted to do that?
Did Mary say she needed to do that?
Did Mary really do that by herself?
Did Mary know we wanted her to win?
Did Mary explain why she was angry?
Call Mary and tell her you're here.
Call Mary and ask her to come back.
Ask Mary what she thinks of Boston.
Ask Mary to make herself available.
Ask Mary if she can play the piano.
"Is Mary in Boston?" "Yes, she is."
Would Mary go swimming by herself?
Why didn't Mary come here herself?
Who did Mary think would help her?
Where was Mary when we needed her?
What's Mary like when she's angry?
What else did Mary say she needed?
What did Mary say when she called?
This is what Mary said she wanted.
Tell Mary she should visit Boston.
Tell Mary I'd like to talk to her.
Please tell Mary she has to leave.
Mary's sister looks just like her.
Mary's friends wanted to help her.
Mary's family must be missing her.
Mary's dog followed her to school.
Mary wrote this report by herself.
Mary wrapped herself in a blanket.
Mary wouldn't hurt Tom, would she?
Mary wouldn't eat that, would she?
Mary wondered what she should say.
Mary won't tell us what she knows.
Mary won't let me hug her anymore.
Mary won't do anything by herself.
Mary won't admit that she's wrong.
Mary wished she were still single.
Mary will have to do that herself.
Mary will do what she's got to do.
Mary will do that if you help her.
Mary will be surprised, won't she?
Mary will be all right, won't she?
Mary wasn't still asleep, was she?
Mary wasn't here earlier, was she?
Mary was there with her boyfriend.
Mary was sick, so she didn't come.
Mary was hoping she could do that.
Mary was going to do that herself.
Mary was glad she got there early.
Mary was found dead in her office.
Mary was found dead in her garage.
Mary wants you to do that for her.
Mary wants me to fix this for her.
Mary wants Tom to meet her mother.
Mary wanted to go, but she didn't.
Mary wanted to do that by herself.
Mary wanted me to do that for her.
Mary usually does that by herself.
Mary tried to get Tom to help her.
Mary tried her best to ignore Tom.
Mary told us that she'd cooperate.
Mary told us she wouldn't do that.
Mary told us she couldn't do that.
Mary told me why she couldn't win.
Mary told me that she's skeptical.
Mary told me that she's exhausted.
Mary told me that she's depressed.
Mary told me that she'd done that.
Mary told me that she'd be absent.
Mary told me that she was worried.
Mary told me that she was unlucky.
Mary told me that she was through.
Mary told me that she was thirsty.
Mary told me that she was stuffed.
Mary told me that she was starved.
Mary told me that she was serious.
Mary told me that she was retired.
Mary told me that she was puzzled.
Mary told me that she was pleased.
Mary told me that she was nervous.
Mary told me that she was married.
Mary told me that she was jealous.
Mary told me that she was furious.
Mary told me that she was excited.
Mary told me that she was curious.
Mary told me that she was certain.
Mary told me that she was at home.
Mary told me that she was adopted.
Mary told me she'd try to do that.
Mary told me she'd try doing that.
Mary told me she'd rather go home.
Mary told me she'd never leave me.
Mary told me she'd likely do that.
Mary told me she'd do that for us.
Mary told me she'd call you later.
Mary told me she'd be coming back.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she wasn't surprised.
Mary told me she wasn't in Boston.
Mary told me she wasn't impressed.
Mary told me she wasn't convinced.
Mary told me she wasn't an expert.
Mary told me she was still afraid.
Mary told me she was going to win.
Mary told me she was glad to help.
Mary told me she was feeling fine.
Mary told me she was disappointed.
Mary told me she was all worn out.
Mary told me she wants to do that.
Mary told me she wanted me to win.
Mary told me she tried to do that.
Mary told me she plans to do that.
Mary told me she ought to do that.
Mary told me she needs to do that.
Mary told me she needed more time.
Mary told me she likes to do that.
Mary told me she likes doing that.
Mary told me she liked to do that.
Mary told me she liked doing that.
Mary told me she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary told me she hated doing that.
Mary told me she had to work late.
Mary told me she had to walk home.
Mary told me she had to stay home.
Mary told me she had a job for me.
Mary told me she forgot something.
Mary told me she enjoyed the show.
Mary told me she doesn't know Tom.
Mary told me she doesn't eat pork.
Mary told me she doesn't eat meat.
Mary told me she didn't like dogs.
Mary told me she didn't like cats.
Mary told me she didn't like beer.
Mary told me she didn't feel well.
Mary told me she didn't feel safe.
Mary told me she didn't feel cold.
Mary told me she did that in 2013.
Mary told me she did that for you.
Mary told me she did that already.
Mary told me she couldn't help me.
Mary told me she couldn't do that.
Mary told me she ate way too much.
Mary told Tom what she had to buy.
Mary told Tom the joke I told her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him.
Mary told Tom that she was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she was scared.
Mary told Tom that she was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was afraid.
Mary told Tom that she had a cold.
Mary told Tom that she felt tired.
Mary told Tom she'd never do that.
Mary told Tom she'd be right back.
Mary told Tom she was ready to go.
Mary told Tom she wanted to leave.
Mary told Tom she needed his help.
Mary told Tom she didn't like him.
Mary thought she'd be able to win.
Mary thought she was going to win.
Mary thought Tom was lying to her.
Mary thought Tom knew who she was.
Mary thinks that she can prove it.
Mary thinks she's too good for us.
Mary thinks she's better than Tom.
Mary thinks she shouldn't do that.
Mary thinks she ought to help Tom.
Mary thinks she needs to help Tom.
Mary thinks she can do that again.
Mary still does that, doesn't she?
Mary spent the weekend by herself.
Mary sold her old clarinet to Tom.
Mary slammed the door as she left.
Mary showed me where she found it.
Mary showed Tom what she'd bought.
Mary showed Tom her baby pictures.
Mary shouted as loud as she could.
Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom what she did.
Mary should tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary should be ashamed of herself.
Mary shared her sandwich with Tom.
Mary seems to know what she wants.
Mary seems to be enjoying herself.
Mary seems fairly sure of herself.
Mary says that she's still hungry.
Mary says that she'll wait for us.
Mary says that she teaches French.
Mary says that she studies French.
Mary says that she studied French.
Mary says that she plans on going.
Mary says that she didn't do that.
Mary says that doesn't bother her.
Mary says she's working very hard.
Mary says she's not busy tomorrow.
Mary says she's never owned a car.
Mary says she's never coming back.
Mary says she's hoping to do that.
Mary says she's getting a divorce.
Mary says she's done that already.
Mary says she's already done that.
Mary says she's afraid to do that.
Mary says she's a friend of yours.
Mary says she'll only talk to you.
Mary says she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary says she'll buy that for you.
Mary says she'll be here tomorrow.
Mary says she'll be busy tomorrow.
Mary says she won't help us today.
Mary says she won't do that today.
Mary says she won't do that again.
Mary says she thinks Tom did that.
Mary says she saw Tom in the park.
Mary says she plans on doing that.
Mary says she never taught French.
Mary says she likes horror movies.
Mary says she intended to do that.
Mary says she hopes that Tom wins.
Mary says she hopes Tom does that.
Mary says she has to wait for Tom.
Mary says she has to study French.
Mary says she has to speak French.
Mary says she has no other choice.
Mary says she had to study French.
Mary says she had to speak French.
Mary says she had a great weekend.
Mary says she finished doing that.
Mary says she feels sorry for Tom.
Mary says she doesn't like Boston.
Mary says she didn't study French.
Mary says she can't trust herself.
Mary says she can see you at 2:30.
Mary says she can do that for you.
Mary says she can do that already.
Mary says she can already do that.
Mary said you wouldn't let her in.
Mary said you hit her on the head.
Mary said that's not what she did.
Mary said that she'd pay the bill.
Mary said that she'd go to Boston.
Mary said that she'd been foolish.
Mary said that she'd been careful.
Mary said that she'd be back soon.
Mary said that she wasn't worried.
Mary said that she wasn't unhappy.
Mary said that she wasn't thirsty.
Mary said that she wasn't shocked.
Mary said that she wasn't serious.
Mary said that she wasn't retired.
Mary said that she wasn't nervous.
Mary said that she wasn't married.
Mary said that she wasn't jealous.
Mary said that she wasn't healthy.
Mary said that she wasn't adopted.
Mary said that she was very upset.
Mary said that she was very tired.
Mary said that she was very sorry.
Mary said that she was very happy.
Mary said that she was very drunk.
Mary said that she was very broke.
Mary said that she was very bored.
Mary said that she was very angry.
Mary said that she was unemployed.
Mary said that she was suspicious.
Mary said that she was quite busy.
Mary said that she was optimistic.
Mary said that she was interested.
Mary said that she was in a hurry.
Mary said that she was frustrated.
Mary said that she was frightened.
Mary said that she wanted a raise.
Mary said that she studied French.
Mary said that she saw Tom crying.
Mary said that she needed my help.
Mary said that she likes swimming.
Mary said that she didn't do that.
Mary said that Tom waited for her.
Mary said that Tom saved her life.
Mary said she's sure Tom will win.
Mary said she's sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she's only met Tom once.
Mary said she's not going to sing.
Mary said she's never lied to Tom.
Mary said she's home every Monday.
Mary said she's going to miss Tom.
Mary said she's glad you did that.
Mary said she's glad she did that.
Mary said she's glad Tom did that.
Mary said she's done that already.
Mary said she's done nothing wrong.
Mary said she's been to Australia.
Mary said she's been feeling sick.
Mary said she's been busy all day.
Mary said she's already done that.
Mary said she's afraid to do that.
Mary said she'll probably do that.
Mary said she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'll buy that for you.
Mary said she'd sign the contract.
Mary said she'd go back home soon.
Mary said she'd give me a massage.
Mary said she'd be there tomorrow.
Mary said she'd be busy on Monday.
Mary said she'd be back on Monday.
Mary said she'd be at the meeting.
Mary said she won't do that again.
Mary said she wasn't feeling well.
Mary said she wasn't disappointed.
Mary said she was willing to wait.
Mary said she was told to do that.
Mary said she was looking for you.
Mary said she was in love with me.
Mary said she was having fun, too.
Mary said she was going to Boston.
Mary said she was going back home.
Mary said she was feeling thirsty.
Mary said she was feeling nervous.
Mary said she wanted to stay home.
Mary said she wanted to go to bed.
Mary said she wanted some company.
Mary said she wanted more details.
Mary said she wanted a better job.
Mary said she told Tom to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was mad.
Mary said she thought I was lying.
Mary said she thought I was funny.
Mary said she thought I might win.
Mary said she thinks Tom can swim.
Mary said she should've done that.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park.
Mary said she plans on doing that.
Mary said she needed to stay home.
Mary said she needed a dozen eggs.
Mary said she knows Tom's brother.
Mary said she knew how to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom's children.
Mary said she intended to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would win.
Mary said she hoped Tom could win.
Mary said she heard Tom screaming.
Mary said she has to wait for Tom.
Mary said she had to wait for Tom.
Mary said she had to go somewhere.
Mary said she had somewhere to go.
Mary said she had nothing to hide.
Mary said she had no other choice.
Mary said she had no more details.
Mary said she had a terrible cold.
Mary said she figured I could win.
Mary said she felt like giving up.
Mary said she felt bad about that.
Mary said she expected Tom to win.
Mary said she enjoyed the concert.
Mary said she doesn't care at all.
Mary said she didn't want to talk.
Mary said she didn't want to sing.
Mary said she didn't want a drink.
Mary said she didn't study French.
Mary said she didn't speak French.
Mary said she didn't see anything.
Mary said she didn't need a break.
Mary said she didn't mind walking.
Mary said she didn't mind waiting.
Mary said she didn't drink coffee.
Mary said she couldn't find a job.
Mary said she couldn't believe it.
Mary said she could help us today.
Mary said she could do that today.
Mary said she bought that for you.
Mary said more than she should've.
Mary said it was her who did that.
Mary said Tom told her to do that.
Mary realized she had to help Tom.
Mary promised that she'd be there.
Mary promised she'd keep in touch.
Mary promised me she'd come early.
Mary promised me she wouldn't cry.
Mary promised Tom she'd help John.
Mary probably did that by herself.
Mary pretty much keeps to herself.
Mary pretended she didn't see Tom.
Mary poured herself another glass.
Mary plans to go there by herself.
Mary phoned to say she'll be late.
Mary persuaded Tom to go with her.
Mary paid Tom to babysit her kids.
Mary ought to take her medication.
Mary only does what she has to do.
Mary now knows what she has to do.
Mary never felt sorry for herself.
Mary never admitted she was wrong.
Mary needs us to show her the way.
Mary needs to talk to Tom herself.
Mary needs to take her medication.
Mary needs to sort it out herself.
Mary must've done that by herself.
Mary met Tom on her way to school.
Mary may go with you if she wants.
Mary may eat as much as she wants.
Mary may do whatever she wants to.
Mary may do that if she'd like to.
Mary made herself a big breakfast.
Mary made Tom tell her everything.
Mary loves me and I love her, too.
Mary loves Tom with all her heart.
Mary loved Tom with all her heart.
Mary looks like she's unimpressed.
Mary looks like she's lost weight.
Mary looks like she's half asleep.
Mary looks like she's embarrassed.
Mary looks like she's discouraged.
Mary looks like she's been crying.
Mary looks like she's a bit tired.
Mary looks like she might be sick.
Mary looked like she wasn't tired.
Mary looked like she wasn't happy.
Mary looked like she was sleeping.
Mary looked like she was relieved.
Mary looked like she was prepared.
Mary looked like she was offended.
Mary looked like she was finished.
Mary looked like she was confused.
Mary looked like she always looks.
Mary locked herself in the closet.
Mary lied about why she was fired.
Mary lied about where she grew up.
Mary knows what she's looking for.
Mary knows what she's going to do.
Mary knows what she did was wrong.
Mary knows she's not going to win.
Mary knows she should be studying.
Mary knows she isn't welcome here.
Mary knows how much Tom loves her.
Mary knows exactly what she wants.
Mary knew why Tom didn't like her.
Mary knew that she'd been tricked.
Mary knew that she was overweight.
Mary knew that Tom was mad at her.
Mary knew she was in deep trouble.
Mary knew she had to do something.
Mary knew she had nothing to lose.
Mary knew Tom was looking for her.
Mary just does what she has to do.
Mary isn't very organized, is she?
Mary isn't still sleeping, is she?
Mary isn't like people say she is.
Mary isn't as stupid as she seems.
Mary isn't as stupid as she looks.
Mary is very talkative, isn't she?
Mary is very sure she can do that.
Mary is very outspoken, isn't she?
Mary is very observant, isn't she?
Mary is very impatient, isn't she?
Mary is very forgetful, isn't she?
Mary is very energetic, isn't she?
Mary is very efficient, isn't she?
Mary is very dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is very confident, isn't she?
Mary is very conceited, isn't she?
Mary is very ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is unsure what she should do.
Mary is trying to protect herself.
Mary is sure she needs to do that.
Mary is still swimming, isn't she?
Mary is really unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is really unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is really serious, isn't she?
Mary is really popular, isn't she?
Mary is really patient, isn't she?
Mary is really nervous, isn't she?
Mary is really jealous, isn't she?
Mary is quite talented, isn't she?
Mary is quite stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is quite sociable, isn't she?
Mary is quite gullible, isn't she?
Mary is quite eloquent, isn't she?
Mary is quite creative, isn't she?
Mary is quite careless, isn't she?
Mary is quite busy now, isn't she?
Mary is quick-tempered, isn't she?
Mary is pretty unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is pretty patient, isn't she?
Mary is pretty nervous, isn't she?
Mary is picky about what she eats.
Mary is perfect for me, isn't she?
Mary is never coming back, is she?
Mary is much older than she looks.
Mary is married to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is making herself a sandwich.
Mary is kind of famous, isn't she?
Mary is good at tennis, isn't she?
Mary is good at French, isn't she?
Mary is going to be OK, isn't she?
Mary is from Australia, isn't she?
Mary is feeling better, isn't she?
Mary is fairly popular, isn't she?
Mary is confident she can do that.
Mary is being truthful, isn't she?
Mary is being sensible, isn't she?
Mary is being reckless, isn't she?
Mary is absent because she's sick.
Mary is a troublemaker, isn't she?
Mary is a good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a good student, isn't she?
Mary is a chiropractor, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself in French.
Mary introduced Tom to her mother.
Mary introduced Tom to her family.
Mary hopes that Tom will help her.
Mary hopes Tom won't laugh at her.
Mary herself might have done that.
Mary helped us out when she could.
Mary helped because she wanted to.
Mary hasn't left her room all day.
Mary has told me she wants to win.
Mary has shown us what she can do.
Mary has no idea what she's doing.
Mary has no idea how lucky she is.
Mary has never said she was sorry.
Mary has left, but she'll be back.
Mary has her work cut out for her.
Mary has friends who can help her.
Mary has done the best she can do.
Mary has denied that she did that.
Mary has decided she's had enough.
Mary has been unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been renovating her home.
Mary has a black dog, doesn't she?
Mary had to do everything herself.
Mary had breakfast all by herself.
Mary got everything she asked for.
Mary forced herself to stay alert.
Mary fixed the car all by herself.
Mary finished the work by herself.
Mary felt she had to do something.
Mary enjoyed herself at the party.
Mary doesn't think she'll do that.
Mary doesn't look like she's busy.
Mary doesn't look happy, does she?
Mary doesn't let her kids do that.
Mary doesn't let Tom get near her.
Mary doesn't know who stabbed her.
Mary doesn't express herself well.
Mary does what she says she'll do.
Mary does what Tom asks her to do.
Mary does that because she has to.
Mary does that a lot, doesn't she?
Mary does look tired, doesn't she?
Mary does look tense, doesn't she?
Mary does get around, doesn't she?
Mary does everything I ask her to.
Mary discussed her plans with Tom.
Mary didn't want to go by herself.
Mary didn't tell me this was hers.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was busy.
Mary didn't say when she'd return.
Mary didn't say anything, did she?
Mary didn't mention who she'd met.
Mary didn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary didn't have her phone on her.
Mary did what you asked her to do.
Mary did what we wanted her to do.
Mary did what she felt like doing.
Mary did what Tom asked her to do.
Mary did that while she was drunk.
Mary did that entirely on her own.
Mary did it the way I told her to.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom.
Mary did do what you said she did.
Mary did all she could do to help.
Mary decided not to go by herself.
Mary cut herself peeling an apple.
Mary couldn't get what she wanted.
Mary couldn't get home by herself.
Mary couldn't buy what she needed.
Mary could do anything she wanted.
Mary considers herself a pacifist.
Mary cleaned the house by herself.
Mary claims she's never done that.
Mary claimed she tried to do that.
Mary can't go anywhere by herself.
Mary can't do anything by herself.
Mary can tell Tom if she wants to.
Mary can take care of herself now.
Mary can go with you if she likes.
Mary can eat as much as she wants.
Mary can do anything she wants to.
Mary can blame no one but herself.
Mary called Tom when she got home.
Mary bought everything she wanted.
Mary bought everything she needed.
Mary began fixing herself a drink.
Mary ate half the cake by herself.
Mary ate breakfast all by herself.
Mary asked me to help her do that.
Mary asked me if I could help her.
Mary asked Tom to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom to send her a copy.
Mary asked Tom to read it for her.
Mary asked Tom to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom to do that for her.
Mary apologized for what she said.
Mary already regrets what she did.
Mary already knows what she'll do.
Mary allowed Tom to drive her car.
Mary admitted that she was lonely.
Mary admitted that she was guilty.
Mary admitted that she was afraid.
Mary admitted she doesn't do that.
Mary actually did that to herself.
Mary actually did that by herself.
Let's ask Mary if she can help us.
Let Mary watch whatever she wants.
Let Mary watch anything she wants.
Let Mary listen to what she wants.
Let Mary drink whatever she wants.
Let Mary drink anything she wants.
If Mary wants to do that, let her.
If Mary said she'd help, she will.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that.
I'm sure Mary meant what she said.
I'm convinced Mary killed herself.
I'll tell Mary when she gets here.
I'll help Mary if she wants me to.
I'll help Mary get what she wants.
I'll help Mary get what she needs.
I'll give Mary whatever she wants.
I'll give Mary whatever she needs.
I'd help Mary if she wanted me to.
I wanted Mary to take me with her.
I want to ask Mary what she'll do.
I want Mary to do that by herself.
I used to wash Mary's car for her.
I told Mary to stay where she was.
I told Mary to do that by herself.
I told Mary I'd send her a letter.
I told Mary I'd make it up to her.
I saw Mary, but she didn't see me.
I need to ask Mary what she'll do.
I gave Mary the things she wanted.
I gave Mary everything she wanted.
I gave Mary everything she needed.
I don't think Mary killed herself.
I didn't buy Mary what she wanted.
I didn't buy Mary what she needed.
I asked Mary, but she didn't know.
I asked Mary why she wasn't happy.
I asked Mary why she liked Boston.
I asked Mary what she was reading.
How did Mary know she needed that?
Has Mary told Tom where she lives?
Give Mary whatever help she needs.
Give Mary everything she asks for.
Don't let Mary do that by herself.
Does Mary know we want her to win?
Didn't Mary tell you she knew Tom?
Did you return Mary's book to her?
Did you ask Mary why she was late?
Did you ask Mary why she did that?
Did you ask Mary where she'd been?
Did Mary tell you how she met Tom?
Did Mary say she'd stay in Boston?
Did Mary say she stayed in Boston?
Did Mary say she did that herself?
Did Mary really say she loved you?
Did Mary explain how she did that?
Call Mary and see what she thinks.
Ask Mary where she learned French.
Ask Mary when she'll go to Boston.
Ask Mary what she's doing tonight.
Ask Mary if she'll stay in Boston.
You should tell Mary she's wrong.
Why not ask Mary what she thinks?
Why doesn't Mary do that herself?
Why does Mary do that to herself?
Who told Mary she should hug Tom?
Who told Mary she should do that?
When did Mary say she was coming?
What does Mary think she's doing?
We'll let Mary speak for herself.
Tell Mary what she wants to hear.
Tell Mary I'll talk to her later.
Tell Mary I'll be picking her up.
No one in Mary's class likes her.
Mary's shoes are too big for her.
Mary's mom raised her by herself.
Mary's friends tried to help her.
Mary's friends couldn't help her.
Mary yelled as loud as she could.
Mary wouldn't do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary would help us, wouldn't she?
Mary wondered what she should do.
Mary won't tell anyone, will she?
Mary won't let you guys help her.
Mary won't go camping by herself.
Mary wishes she'd waited for Tom.
Mary wishes she'd done that, too.
Mary wishes she hadn't done that.
Mary wished she hadn't said that.
Mary wished she hadn't done that.
Mary wished she had more friends.
Mary will wait for us, won't she?
Mary will eat when she gets home.
Mary will do that if you pay her.
Mary will come if you ask her to.
Mary went to the park by herself.
Mary was wrong and I told her so.
Mary was told she should do that.
Mary was told she has to do that.
Mary was shocked by what she saw.
Mary was scared to go by herself.
Mary was lucky she could do that.
Mary was dumped by her boyfriend.
Mary wants you to help her today.
Mary wants you to do her a favor.
Mary wants to talk to her lawyer.
Mary wants me to give her a loan.
Mary wants me to do that for her.
Mary wanted me to help her today.
Mary wanted me to do her a favor.
Mary wanted me to buy her a pony.
Mary wanted Tom to stay with her.
Mary wanted Tom to sing with her.
Mary visits Tom whenever she can.
Mary used to do that, didn't she?
Mary unlocked her car and got in.
Mary tried to get me to help her.
Mary tried to do that by herself.
Mary tried doing that by herself.
Mary took these pictures herself.
Mary told us she'd do that again.
Mary told me you agreed with her.
Mary told me that she's unafraid.
Mary told me that she's ticklish.
Mary told me that she's prepared.
Mary told me that she'd be alone.
Mary told me that she was unhurt.
Mary told me that she was sleepy.
Mary told me that she was single.
Mary told me that she was scared.
Mary told me that she was lonely.
Mary told me that she was hungry.
Mary told me that she was afraid.
Mary told me she's never met you.
Mary told me she'd never do that.
Mary told me she'd help Tom, too.
Mary told me she'd fly to Boston.
Mary told me she'd do that later.
Mary told me she'd do that again.
Mary told me she'd call tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd be right over.
Mary told me she'd be right back.
Mary told me she'd be ready soon.
Mary told me she wasn't ticklish.
Mary told me she wasn't prepared.
Mary told me she wasn't offended.
Mary told me she was very hungry.
Mary told me she was unimpressed.
Mary told me she was unconvinced.
Mary told me she was sympathetic.
Mary told me she was really busy.
Mary told me she was ready to go.
Mary told me she was over thirty.
Mary told me she was heartbroken.
Mary told me she was headed home.
Mary told me she was from Boston.
Mary told me she was feeling bad.
Mary told me she was embarrassed.
Mary told me she was discouraged.
Mary told me she was coming back.
Mary told me she wanted to leave.
Mary told me she wanted a lawyer.
Mary told me she used to be rich.
Mary told me she saw Tom tonight.
Mary told me she never said that.
Mary told me she needed our help.
Mary told me she liked the party.
Mary told me she liked the movie.
Mary told me she knows the rules.
Mary told me she knew what to do.
Mary told me she knew my brother.
Mary told me she knew how I felt.
Mary told me she hasn't seen Tom.
Mary told me she got there first.
Mary told me she found something.
Mary told me she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me she didn't know Tom.
Mary told me she didn't kiss Tom.
Mary told me she didn't eat pork.
Mary told me she didn't eat meat.
Mary told me she did that for us.
Mary told me she could handle it.
Mary told me not to wait for her.
Mary told Tom what she had to do.
Mary told Tom to sit next to her.
Mary told Tom that she'd do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be late.
Mary told Tom that she was upset.
Mary told Tom that she was tired.
Mary told Tom that she was ready.
Mary told Tom that she was happy.
Mary told Tom that she was broke.
Mary told Tom that she was bored.
Mary told Tom that she was alone.
Mary told Tom that she loved him.
Mary told Tom that she felt sick.
Mary told Tom she wasn't married.
Mary told Tom she was interested.
Mary told Tom she studied French.
Mary told Tom she had to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't do that.
Mary told Tom about her problems.
Mary thought she'd be safe there.
Mary thought she should help Tom.
Mary thought she had to help Tom.
Mary thought Tom was kidding her.
Mary thinks she's figured it out.
Mary thinks she knows what to do.
Mary thinks she knows the answer.
Mary thinks she knows everything.
Mary thinks she can probably win.
Mary thanked Tom for helping her.
Mary talked Tom into helping her.
Mary takes herself too seriously.
Mary swore she wouldn't tell Tom.
Mary still wants you to help her.
Mary still hopes she can do that.
Mary stayed as long as she could.
Mary sounded like she had a cold.
Mary slammed the door behind her.
Mary shut herself up in her room.
Mary should've done that herself.
Mary should tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary shared her dessert with Tom.
Mary seldom does that by herself.
Mary seemed very sure of herself.
Mary says you talked her into it.
Mary says that she won't do that.
Mary says that she can't do that.
Mary says that she can swim well.
Mary says that Tom winked at her.
Mary says that Tom smiled at her.
Mary says she's tried everything.
Mary says she's never kissed Tom.
Mary says she's moving to Boston.
Mary says she's in love with Tom.
Mary says she's in a lot of pain.
Mary says she's good at swimming.
Mary says she's good at juggling.
Mary says she's good at baseball.
Mary says she's eager to do that.
Mary says she'll stay for dinner.
Mary says she'll quit doing that.
Mary says she'll need to do that.
Mary says she'll leave on Monday.
Mary says she'll keep doing that.
Mary says she'll have to do that.
Mary says she'll do that for you.
Mary says she'll do that for Tom.
Mary says she'll be busy tonight.
Mary says she would've paid more.
Mary says she won't speak French.
Mary says she won't ever do that.
Mary says she won't buy any beer.
Mary says she was born in Boston.
Mary says she wants to walk home.
Mary says she thinks she can win.
Mary says she saw something else.
Mary says she saw Tom doing that.
Mary says she regrets doing that.
Mary says she plays the recorder.
Mary says she needs a break, too.
Mary says she loves it in Boston.
Mary says she likes Chinese food.
Mary says she knows Tom will win.
Mary says she knows Tom will cry.
Mary says she intends to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you win.
Mary says she has to talk to Tom.
Mary says she has plenty of time.
Mary says she has a lot of money.
Mary says she followed the rules.
Mary says she feels the same way.
Mary says she expects Tom to win.
Mary says she doesn't want to go.
Mary says she doesn't feel tired.
Mary says she didn't see anybody.
Mary says she did that last week.
Mary says she can't speak French.
Mary says she believes in ghosts.
Mary said what she wanted to say.
Mary said that was fine with her.
Mary said that she'd like to win.
Mary said that she won't do that.
Mary said that she wasn't sleepy.
Mary said that she wasn't single.
Mary said that she wasn't scared.
Mary said that she wasn't hungry.
Mary said that she wasn't guilty.
Mary said that she wasn't amused.
Mary said that she wasn't afraid.
Mary said that she was very sick.
Mary said that she was very rich.
Mary said that she was very poor.
Mary said that she was very cold.
Mary said that she was very busy.
Mary said that she was unmarried.
Mary said that she was terrified.
Mary said that she was surprised.
Mary said that she was skeptical.
Mary said that she was satisfied.
Mary said that she was mortified.
Mary said that she was miserable.
Mary said that she was irritated.
Mary said that she was intrigued.
Mary said that she was impressed.
Mary said that she was exhausted.
Mary said that she was desperate.
Mary said that she was depressed.
Mary said that she was concerned.
Mary said that she likes to swim.
Mary said that she liked my hair.
Mary said that she hurt all over.
Mary said that she had been busy.
Mary said that she felt homesick.
Mary said that she can't do that.
Mary said that didn't bother her.
Mary said that Tom's dog bit her.
Mary said that Tom yelled at her.
Mary said that Tom told her that.
Mary said that Tom is her cousin.
Mary said she's sure Tom can win.
Mary said she's seen Tom do that.
Mary said she's ready to do that.
Mary said she's not in any hurry.
Mary said she's going to do that.
Mary said she's eating lunch now.
Mary said she's done that before.
Mary said she's been here before.
Mary said she's always done that.
Mary said she'll quit doing that.
Mary said she'll help us do that.
Mary said she'll do that for you.
Mary said she'll do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd unlikely do that.
Mary said she'd take care of Tom.
Mary said she'd retire this year.
Mary said she'd probably do that.
Mary said she'd only talk to you.
Mary said she'd only talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd like to see more.
Mary said she'd help Tom as well.
Mary said she'd get home by 2:30.
Mary said she'd do what we asked.
Mary said she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd do that if I did.
Mary said she'd do that for sure.
Mary said she'd do that for free.
Mary said she'd consider my idea.
Mary said she'd buy that for you.
Mary said she'd be happy to help.
Mary said she won't visit Boston.
Mary said she won't speak French.
Mary said she won't sing tonight.
Mary said she won't go to Boston.
Mary said she won't ever do that.
Mary said she wasn't mad anymore.
Mary said she wasn't from Boston.
Mary said she wasn't coming back.
Mary said she was ready to leave.
Mary said she was good at French.
Mary said she was getting sleepy.
Mary said she was getting hungry.
Mary said she was getting drowsy.
Mary said she was from Australia.
Mary said she was feeling hungry.
Mary said she was asked to leave.
Mary said she was a little tired.
Mary said she wants more details.
Mary said she wanted to kiss Tom.
Mary said she wanted to be early.
Mary said she thought I was lazy.
Mary said she thought I was dead.
Mary said she thinks she can win.
Mary said she thinks Tom can win.
Mary said she saw Tom doing that.
Mary said she regrets doing that.
Mary said she probably won't win.
Mary said she plans to go Monday.
Mary said she only did that once.
Mary said she might visit Boston.
Mary said she likes to ski, too.
Mary said she knows Tom's secret.
Mary said she knew you could win.
Mary said she knew the area well.
Mary said she knew that I'd come.
Mary said she knew she could win.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry.
Mary said she hopes Tom will win.
Mary said she heard Tom say that.
Mary said she had to talk to Tom.
Mary said she had to leave early.
Mary said she had a lot of money.
Mary said she had a good weekend.
Mary said she had a gift for Tom.
Mary said she got out of the way.
Mary said she felt sorry for Tom.
Mary said she felt a bit nervous.
Mary said she expects Tom to win.
Mary said she enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she enjoyed being here.
Mary said she disagreed with Tom.
Mary said she didn't know French.
Mary said she didn't have a plan.
Mary said she didn't feel hungry.
Mary said she did that on Monday.
Mary said she couldn't swim well.
Mary said she couldn't elaborate.
Mary said she could've done that.
Mary said she could probably win.
Mary said she can't speak French.
Mary said she believed in ghosts.
Mary said not to worry about her.
Mary said her son was a good kid.
Mary said her life was in danger.
Mary said Tom's dog bit her hand.
Mary said Tom's dog attacked her.
Mary risked her life to save Tom.
Mary regretted what she had done.
Mary refused to say what she did.
Mary really is stupid, isn't she?
Mary realized what she had to do.
Mary realized that she was wrong.
Mary realized she was in trouble.
Mary realized she should do that.
Mary realized she had to do that.
Mary rarely does that by herself.
Mary put her suitcase on her bed.
Mary promised that she'd do that.
Mary promised she'll check on it.
Mary promised she'd walk the dog.
Mary promised she'd quit smoking.
Mary promised she'd be back soon.
Mary promised me that she'd come.
Mary promised me she'd come back.
Mary pretty much kept to herself.
Mary pretended that she was sick.
Mary pretended she didn't see me.
Mary pretended she didn't see it.
Mary poured herself some whiskey.
Mary poured herself another beer.
Mary poured herself a cup of tea.
Mary polished her father's shoes.
Mary plans to go home by herself.
Mary plans to do that by herself.
Mary phoned just before she left.
Mary ought to talk to her lawyer.
Mary ought to do that by herself.
Mary opened her eyes and saw Tom.
Mary only did what she had to do.
Mary often writes to her parents.
Mary often goes there by herself.
Mary never took her eyes off Tom.
Mary never said she'd go with us.
Mary never has a pencil with her.
Mary never had a chance, did she?
Mary needs to talk to her lawyer.
Mary needs to go home by herself.
Mary needs to do that by herself.
Mary might go fishing by herself.
Mary meant exactly what she said.
Mary may have anything she wants.
Mary may do that if she wants to.
Mary made up her mind to do that.
Mary made up her mind right away.
Mary loved the book Tom gave her.
Mary loved Tom and Tom loved her.
Mary lost her temper and hit Tom.
Mary looks like she's interested.
Mary looks like she's having fun.
Mary looks like she's frustrated.
Mary looks like she's frightened.
Mary looks like she belongs here.
Mary looked like she wasn't busy.
Mary looked like she was worried.
Mary looked like she was unhappy.
Mary looked like she was shocked.
Mary looked like she was serious.
Mary looked like she was relaxed.
Mary looked like she was puzzled.
Mary looked like she was pleased.
Mary looked like she was nervous.
Mary looked like she was jealous.
Mary looked like she was healthy.
Mary looked like she was furious.
Mary looked like she was excited.
Mary looked like she was curious.
Mary looked like she was baffled.
Mary looked like she was anxious.
Mary looked like she was annoyed.
Mary looked like she needed help.
Mary looked like she always does.
Mary likes to talk about herself.
Mary likes to do that by herself.
Mary likes talking about herself.
Mary likes doing that by herself.
Mary lied about where she'd been.
Mary lent me her French textbook.
Mary left her phone in Tom's car.
Mary left her glasses in her car.
Mary lacks confidence in herself.
Mary knows where she can find me.
Mary knows what she's up against.
Mary knows what she wants to see.
Mary knows what she needs to buy.
Mary knows that I don't like her.
Mary knows she's partly to blame.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that.
Mary knows she shouldn't be here.
Mary knows she has to be patient.
Mary knows she can't be replaced.
Mary knows how to handle herself.
Mary knows how to defend herself.
Mary knows how to assert herself.
Mary knows how much you love her.
Mary knows her children need her.
Mary knows Tom is angry with her.
Mary knew what she did was wrong.
Mary knew that she'd be punished.
Mary knew that she could do that.
Mary knew she was going to be OK.
Mary knew she was being followed.
Mary knew she needed to help Tom.
Mary knew she could count on Tom.
Mary knew Tom was angry with her.
Mary killed herself last October.
Mary kept her opinion to herself.
Mary keeps saying she's innocent.
Mary just wanted Tom to like her.
Mary just did what she had to do.
Mary isn't where she wants to be.
Mary isn't very talented, is she?
Mary isn't very sociable, is she?
Mary isn't very reliable, is she?
Mary isn't very obedient, is she?
Mary isn't sure she can help Tom.
Mary isn't still at work, is she?
Mary isn't so dependable, is she?
Mary isn't going to help, is she?
Mary isn't at her desk right now.
Mary isn't as young as she looks.
Mary isn't as tough as she seems.
Mary isn't as tough as she looks.
Mary isn't as smart as she looks.
Mary isn't all that rich, is she?
Mary isn't all that poor, is she?
Mary is way older than she looks.
Mary is very thorough, isn't she?
Mary is very talented, isn't she?
Mary is very stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is very spirited, isn't she?
Mary is very reckless, isn't she?
Mary is very outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is very generous, isn't she?
Mary is very friendly, isn't she?
Mary is very creative, isn't she?
Mary is very careless, isn't she?
Mary is very busy now, isn't she?
Mary is very arrogant, isn't she?
Mary is very annoying, isn't she?
Mary is unpredictable, isn't she?
Mary is temperamental, isn't she?
Mary is talking to her roommates.
Mary is sure that she'll succeed.
Mary is sound asleep in her room.
Mary is really strong, isn't she?
Mary is really skinny, isn't she?
Mary is really hungry, isn't she?
Mary is quite patient, isn't she?
Mary is quite nervous, isn't she?
Mary is quite liberal, isn't she?
Mary is quite cynical, isn't she?
Mary is quite careful, isn't she?
Mary is quite anxious, isn't she?
Mary is proud of what she's done.
Mary is pretty skinny, isn't she?
Mary is positive she can do that.
Mary is opportunistic, isn't she?
Mary is now home with her family.
Mary is narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is much better than she was.
Mary is lucky she can still walk.
Mary is irresponsible, isn't she?
Mary is in your class, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston now, isn't she?
Mary is hurt, but she'll be fine.
Mary is going to do that herself.
Mary is getting ready, isn't she?
Mary is extremely shy, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she has to do.
Mary is doing everything she can.
Mary is conscientious, isn't she?
Mary is concentrating, isn't she?
Mary is being foolish, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of Tom, isn't she?
Mary is a team player, isn't she?
Mary is a good singer, isn't she?
Mary insisted that she was right.
Mary hid herself behind the tree.
Mary hid herself behind the door.
Mary helps anybody that asks her.
Mary has told me she can do that.
Mary has said she should do that.
Mary has said she has to do that.
Mary has had her house repainted.
Mary has done what she had to do.
Mary has done everything she can.
Mary has all the money she needs.
Mary handed her cellphone to Tom.
Mary had things she needed to do.
Mary had her leg bandaged by Tom.
Mary had burns all over her body.
Mary had a secret she was hiding.
Mary had Tom make her a sandwich.
Mary got hurt when she fell down.
Mary got exactly what she wanted.
Mary got Tom to polish her shoes.
Mary goes to school, doesn't she?
Mary gets along with her in-laws.
Mary gave Tom one of her guitars.
Mary found a job that she can do.
Mary felt herself getting hungry.
Mary fell down and hurt her knee.
Mary expresses herself very well.
Mary explained why she was there.
Mary explained her reasons to me.
Mary expects Tom to sit with her.
Mary doesn't talk much, does she?
Mary doesn't live here, does she?
Mary doesn't know why she's here.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't know what she wants.
Mary doesn't greet her neighbors.
Mary doesn't believe she can win.
Mary does what she's asked to do.
Mary does want this, doesn't she?
Mary does that when she's sleepy.
Mary does that when she's hungry.
Mary does that in her spare time.
Mary does like jazz, doesn't she?
Mary does everything we tell her.
Mary does anything I tell her to.
Mary didn't want me to touch her.
Mary didn't want Tom to kiss her.
Mary didn't want Tom to hate her.
Mary didn't talk to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't say why she was late.
Mary didn't say why she did that.
Mary didn't say where she'd gone.
Mary didn't say where she'd been.
Mary didn't play tennis, did she?
Mary didn't know what she wanted.
Mary didn't know how long she'd slept.
Mary didn't have what she needed.
Mary didn't have any cash on her.
Mary didn't do too badly herself.
Mary did what you told her to do.
Mary did what we asked her to do.
Mary did what she was told to do.
Mary did what she promised to do.
Mary did what Tom told her to do.
Mary did what I wanted her to do.
Mary did that whenever she could.
Mary did that when she was drunk.
Mary did that because she had to.
Mary did only what she had to do.
Mary did her homework by herself.
Mary did her best to protect Tom.
Mary did her best to comfort Tom.
Mary did exactly as she was told.
Mary depended on Tom to help her.
Mary decided she needed a change.
Mary couldn't make herself heard.
Mary couldn't look after herself.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted.
Mary couldn't do that, could she?
Mary couldn't do that by herself.
Mary could've hurt herself today.
Mary could've done it by herself.
Mary could quit if she wanted to.
Mary could do what she had to do.
Mary considers herself fortunate.
Mary cleaned her room in a hurry.
Mary claims she doesn't remember.
Mary claimed that she didn't cry.
Mary chuckled quietly to herself.
Mary can't swim like she used to.
Mary can't speak French, can she?
Mary can't do everything herself.
Mary can wear anything she wants.
Mary can take anything she wants.
Mary can speak French, can't she?
Mary can have whatever she wants.
Mary can have anything she wants.
Mary can do whatever she pleases.
Mary can do what she wants to do.
Mary can do that if she wants to.
Mary called to say she'd be late.
Mary burned herself on the stove.
Mary brushed her daughter's hair.
Mary blushed when Tom kissed her.
Mary believed that she could win.
Mary begged me to help her do it.
Mary began to whistle to herself.
Mary asked us to leave her alone.
Mary asked me to pay her a visit.
Mary asked me to do that for her.
Mary asked if she had to do that.
Mary asked Tom to drive her home.
Mary asked Tom to do her a favor.
Mary asked Tom to dance with her.
Mary asked Tom to call her later.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her.
Mary apologized for what she did.
Mary always goes home by herself.
Mary always does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd hit Tom.
Mary admitted that she was wrong.
Mary admitted that she was tired.
Mary admitted that she was broke.
Mary admitted she was very tired.
Mary admitted she didn't do that.
Let Mary read whatever she wants.
Let Mary read anything she wants.
Let Mary have whatever she wants.
Let Mary have anything she wants.
Let Mary finish what she started.
Let Mary do what she wants to do.
It looks like Mary is by herself.
I've spoken to Mary and she's OK.
I'll tell Mary we'll pick her up.
I'll talk to Mary when she comes.
I'll ask Mary if she can help us.
I wonder why Mary killed herself.
I wish Mary would behave herself.
I want Mary to stay where she is.
I told Mary to handle it herself.
I told Mary she should calm down.
I told Mary I'd take care of her.
I told Mary I wanted her to quit.
I think Mary is enjoying herself.
I think Mary got home by herself.
I think Mary did that by herself.
I promised Mary I'd eat with her.
I packed Mary's suitcase for her.
I know Mary wants us to help her.
I asked Mary why she was unhappy.
I asked Mary where she was going.
I asked Mary what she was eating.
I asked Mary if she needed money.
How did Mary get you to help her?
How did Mary get Tom to help her?
Have you told Mary she's adopted?
Does Mary want me to go with her?
Does Mary think she'll stay long?
Does Mary know that you love her?
Does Mary know I want her to win?
Do you think Mary killed herself?
Did Mary say why she was leaving?
Did Mary say where she was going?
Did Mary know what she was doing?
Ask Mary what she wants to watch.
Ask Mary what she wants to drink.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Ask Mary if she needs to do that.
Ask Mary if she can teach French.
Ask Mary if she can speak French.
Why didn't Mary tell me herself?
Why did Mary do that by herself?
Who told Mary she could do that?
Where did Mary meet her husband?
What did Mary say she was doing?
That's all Mary said she needed.
Tell me what Mary took with her.
Tell Mary we're waiting for her.
Tell Mary that I'm proud of her.
Tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tell Mary I'm coming to see her.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her.
Please give Mary what she needs.
Mary's husband left her in 2013.
Mary would help us if she could.
Mary would do that if she could.
Mary wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary will never forgive herself.
Mary will have to go by herself.
Mary will go fishing by herself.
Mary will do that if she has to.
Mary will come when she's ready.
Mary will be sorry she did that.
Mary will be happy she did that.
Mary was sitting all by herself.
Mary was in the room by herself.
Mary warmed herself by the fire.
Mary wants you to sing with her.
Mary wants to go, but she can't.
Mary wants somebody to help her.
Mary wants me to buy her a pony.
Mary tried her best to help Tom.
Mary told us she'd study French.
Mary told me why she left early.
Mary told me that she's thirsty.
Mary told me that she's starved.
Mary told me that she's retired.
Mary told me that she's puzzled.
Mary told me that she's pleased.
Mary told me that she's nervous.
Mary told me that she's jealous.
Mary told me that she'd help us.
Mary told me that she'd be late.
Mary told me that she'd be fair.
Mary told me that she was wrong.
Mary told me that she was upset.
Mary told me that she was tired.
Mary told me that she was tense.
Mary told me that she was sorry.
Mary told me that she was ready.
Mary told me that she was lucky.
Mary told me that she was happy.
Mary told me that she was early.
Mary told me that she was drunk.
Mary told me that she was dizzy.
Mary told me that she was broke.
Mary told me that she was bored.
Mary told me that she was angry.
Mary told me that she was alone.
Mary told me she'd wait and see.
Mary told me she'd vote for Tom.
Mary told me she'd visit Boston.
Mary told me she'd love to help.
Mary told me she'd look into it.
Mary told me she'd like to help.
Mary told me she'd go to Boston.
Mary told me she'd do that, too.
Mary told me she'd do that soon.
Mary told me she'd call me back.
Mary told me she'd call at 2:30.
Mary told me she'd be back soon.
Mary told me she'd also do that.
Mary told me she won't marry me.
Mary told me she wasn't worried.
Mary told me she wasn't thirsty.
Mary told me she wasn't so sure.
Mary told me she wasn't nervous.
Mary told me she wasn't married.
Mary told me she wasn't injured.
Mary told me she wasn't in pain.
Mary told me she was very upset.
Mary told me she was very tired.
Mary told me she was very sorry.
Mary told me she was very happy.
Mary told me she was unemployed.
Mary told me she was suspicious.
Mary told me she was optimistic.
Mary told me she was interested.
Mary told me she was in a hurry.
Mary told me she was having fun.
Mary told me she was happy here.
Mary told me she was going home.
Mary told me she was frustrated.
Mary told me she was frightened.
Mary told me she was doing that.
Mary told me she was doing fine.
Mary told me she wanted to talk.
Mary told me she wanted to quit.
Mary told me she wanted to help.
Mary told me she wanted my help.
Mary told me she visited Boston.
Mary told me she studied French.
Mary told me she should do that.
Mary told me she plans on going.
Mary told me she owed Tom money.
Mary told me she never did that.
Mary told me she needed to talk.
Mary told me she needed my help.
Mary told me she needed a favor.
Mary told me she liked the idea.
Mary told me she liked swimming.
Mary told me she knew the rules.
Mary told me she had to do that.
Mary told me she had no regrets.
Mary told me she had a headache.
Mary told me she didn't see Tom.
Mary told me she didn't do that.
Mary told me she did that wrong.
Mary told me she could help Tom.
Mary told me about what she saw.
Mary told me Tom was her cousin.
Mary told Tom what she had done.
Mary told Tom that she was safe.
Mary told Tom that she was hurt.
Mary told Tom that she was full.
Mary told Tom that she was cold.
Mary told Tom that she was busy.
Mary told Tom she wasn't sleepy.
Mary told Tom she wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom she wanted to win.
Mary told Tom she taught French.
Mary told Tom she had no choice.
Mary told Tom she could do that.
Mary told Tom her job was tough.
Mary told Tom about her new job.
Mary told Tom about her new car.
Mary threatened to kill herself.
Mary thought that she should go.
Mary thought that she might win.
Mary thought that Tom loved her.
Mary thought that Tom liked her.
Mary thought that Tom hated her.
Mary thought she'd be safe here.
Mary thought she should do that.
Mary thought she had to do that.
Mary thought she could help Tom.
Mary thought Tom would kiss her.
Mary thought Tom would help her.
Mary thinks she's related to me.
Mary thinks she's a good singer.
Mary thinks she's a good driver.
Mary thinks she should help Tom.
Mary thinks she has to help Tom.
Mary thanked Tom for saving her.
Mary takes good care of herself.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that.
Mary stopped what she was doing.
Mary still thinks Tom likes her.
Mary started talking to herself.
Mary speaks French, doesn't she?
Mary sounded like she was upset.
Mary sold her motorcycle to Tom.
Mary should tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should take her medication.
Mary seldom talks about herself.
Mary seems very sure of herself.
Mary seems very full of herself.
Mary says that she's just eaten.
Mary says that she never dreams.
Mary says that she didn't do it.
Mary says she's waiting for Tom.
Mary says she's studying French.
Mary says she's not ready to go.
Mary says she's never owned car.
Mary says she's never done that.
Mary says she's looking for Tom.
Mary says she's good at cooking.
Mary says she's going to resign.
Mary says she'll think about it.
Mary says she'll never go again.
Mary says she'll do that for me.
Mary says she'll call you later.
Mary says she'd love to do that.
Mary says she'd like to do that.
Mary says she won't get married.
Mary says she wasn't being paid.
Mary says she wants to meet you.
Mary says she wants to help you.
Mary says she wanted to do that.
Mary says she thinks we can win.
Mary says she shouldn't do that.
Mary says she needs another car.
Mary says she needed to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can win.
Mary says she isn't ready to go.
Mary says she hopes Tom can win.
Mary says she heard Tom yawning.
Mary says she has nothing to do.
Mary says she has a stomachache.
Mary says she feels like crying.
Mary says she enjoys doing that.
Mary says she did nothing wrong.
Mary says she can't do that yet.
Mary says she can help us today.
Mary says she can do that today.
Mary saw Tom coming towards her.
Mary said you'd do that for her.
Mary said the decision was hers.
Mary said that she'd been wrong.
Mary said that she'd be on time.
Mary said that she wouldn't cry.
Mary said that she wasn't wrong.
Mary said that she wasn't tired.
Mary said that she wasn't sorry.
Mary said that she wasn't ready.
Mary said that she wasn't lucky.
Mary said that she wasn't happy.
Mary said that she wasn't drunk.
Mary said that she wasn't broke.
Mary said that she wasn't bored.
Mary said that she wasn't angry.
Mary said that she wasn't alone.
Mary said that she was very sad.
Mary said that she was very mad.
Mary said that she was unbiased.
Mary said that she was unafraid.
Mary said that she was troubled.
Mary said that she was ticklish.
Mary said that she was thrilled.
Mary said that she was so sorry.
Mary said that she was relieved.
Mary said that she was prepared.
Mary said that she was offended.
Mary said that she was mistaken.
Mary said that she was innocent.
Mary said that she was homesick.
Mary said that she was homeless.
Mary said that she was grateful.
Mary said that she was famished.
Mary said that she was divorced.
Mary said that she was confused.
Mary said that she spoke French.
Mary said that she liked skiing.
Mary said that she doesn't care.
Mary said that she didn't do it.
Mary said that Tom insulted her.
Mary said she's very happy here.
Mary said she's not ready to go.
Mary said she's never done that.
Mary said she's looking for Tom.
Mary said she's feeling nervous.
Mary said she's doing just fine.
Mary said she'll try to do that.
Mary said she'll do that for us.
Mary said she'll call you later.
Mary said she'd win and she did.
Mary said she'd take care of it.
Mary said she'd see me tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather not swim.
Mary said she'd quit doing that.
Mary said she'd like to eat now.
Mary said she'd leave on Monday.
Mary said she'd help us do that.
Mary said she'd found something.
Mary said she'd do that herself.
Mary said she'd do that for you.
Mary said she'd do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd do that by 2:30.
Mary said she'd do that as well.
Mary said she'd come back later.
Mary said she'd be leaving soon.
Mary said she'd be here tonight.
Mary said she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary said she'd always love Tom.
Mary said she'd almost given up.
Mary said she wouldn't kiss Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be there.
Mary said she wasn't interested.
Mary said she wasn't in a hurry.
Mary said she wasn't having fun.
Mary said she wasn't happy here.
Mary said she was very confused.
Mary said she was ready to talk.
Mary said she was going to work.
Mary said she was going to quit.
Mary said she was going to help.
Mary said she was getting tired.
Mary said she was feeling tired.
Mary said she was asked to help.
Mary said she wants to meet you.
Mary said she wanted to help us.
Mary said she wanted to go home.
Mary said she wanted to do that.
Mary said she wanted to do more.
Mary said she wanted to be here.
Mary said she wanted some money.
Mary said she wanted me to stop.
Mary said she wanted Tom to win.
Mary said she waited until 2:30.
Mary said she understood French.
Mary said she tried to kiss Tom.
Mary said she tried to help Tom.
Mary said she thought you'd win.
Mary said she shouldn't do that.
Mary said she saw Tom yesterday.
Mary said she never lied to Tom.
Mary said she needed to do that.
Mary said she needed more money.
Mary said she might not do that.
Mary said she knew who did that.
Mary said she knew how Tom felt.
Mary said she knew I was coming.
Mary said she isn't ready to go.
Mary said she hopes Tom can win.
Mary said she heard Tom's voice.
Mary said she heard Tom snoring.
Mary said she had to talk to me.
Mary said she had nowhere to go.
Mary said she had a slight cold.
Mary said she grew up in Boston.
Mary said she felt the same way.
Mary said she feels like crying.
Mary said she enjoys doing that.
Mary said she enjoyed the party.
Mary said she doesn't want this.
Mary said she doesn't feel well.
Mary said she didn't want to go.
Mary said she didn't have a job.
Mary said she didn't have a dog.
Mary said she didn't have a car.
Mary said she didn't feel tired.
Mary said she didn't drink wine.
Mary said she didn't believe it.
Mary said she did nothing wrong.
Mary said she couldn't help Tom.
Mary said she apologized to Tom.
Mary said no one could help her.
Mary said goodbye to her family.
Mary said Tom was her assistant.
Mary regrets doing what she did.
Mary read the book Tom gave her.
Mary rarely talks about herself.
Mary promised us she'd help Tom.
Mary promised she'd wait for us.
Mary promised she'd check on it.
Mary promised she won't do that.
Mary promised me that she'd win.
Mary promised Tom she'd do that.
Mary pretended she was sleeping.
Mary prepared supper by herself.
Mary prepared dinner by herself.
Mary often does that by herself.
Mary noticed Tom staring at her.
Mary noticed Tom looking at her.
Mary never told me she loved me.
Mary never does that on her own.
Mary never does that by herself.
Mary needs to stay where she is.
Mary needs somebody to help her.
Mary needed someone to help her.
Mary might want you to help her.
Mary may eat anything she wants.
Mary made you laugh, didn't she?
Mary made up her mind weeks ago.
Mary loves Tom and he loves her.
Mary lost sight of her daughter.
Mary lost all the money she had.
Mary looks pleased with herself.
Mary looks like she's terrified.
Mary looks like she's skeptical.
Mary looks like she's satisfied.
Mary looks like she's miserable.
Mary looks like she's irritated.
Mary looks like she's impressed.
Mary looks like she's exhausted.
Mary looks like she's disgusted.
Mary looks like she's depressed.
Mary looks like she's contented.
Mary looks like she just got up.
Mary looks like she has an idea.
Mary looks like she always does.
Mary looked like she was unhurt.
Mary looked like she was sleepy.
Mary looked like she was scared.
Mary looked like she was lonely.
Mary looked like she was hungry.
Mary looked like she was asleep.
Mary looked like she was amused.
Mary looked like she was afraid.
Mary locked herself in her room.
Mary lived there all by herself.
Mary likes to travel by herself.
Mary likes to swim, doesn't she?
Mary likes to hear herself talk.
Mary lied about how old she was.
Mary knows what she ought to do.
Mary knows what she needs to do.
Mary knows that she can do that.
Mary knows she ought to do that.
Mary knows she needs to do that.
Mary knows she can count on Tom.
Mary knew what she'd say to Tom.
Mary knew what she needed to do.
Mary knew that she had to hurry.
Mary knew that she couldn't win.
Mary knew she'd have to do that.
Mary knew she wouldn't be fired.
Mary knew she was being watched.
Mary knew she shouldn't do that.
Mary knew she needed to do that.
Mary knew more than she told us.
Mary kept the secret to herself.
Mary just couldn't help herself.
Mary isn't sure she can do that.
Mary isn't still hungry, is she?
Mary isn't still asleep, is she?
Mary isn't quite herself lately.
Mary isn't afraid of me, is she?
Mary is very unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is very unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is very shallow, isn't she?
Mary is very serious, isn't she?
Mary is very selfish, isn't she?
Mary is very popular, isn't she?
Mary is very patient, isn't she?
Mary is very nervous, isn't she?
Mary is very liberal, isn't she?
Mary is very helpful, isn't she?
Mary is very careful, isn't she?
Mary is unscrupulous, isn't she?
Mary is swimming now, isn't she?
Mary is sure she should do that.
Mary is sure she has to do that.
Mary is studying now, isn't she?
Mary is stronger than she looks.
Mary is still where we left her.
Mary is still unsure of herself.
Mary is still single, isn't she?
Mary is still hungry, isn't she?
Mary is still asleep, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she can't come.
Mary is right where she belongs.
Mary is really tough, isn't she?
Mary is really smart, isn't she?
Mary is really sharp, isn't she?
Mary is really naive, isn't she?
Mary is really happy, isn't she?
Mary is really angry, isn't she?
Mary is quite strong, isn't she?
Mary is pretty smart, isn't she?
Mary is past caught up with her.
Mary is lucky that she can swim.
Mary is just talking to herself.
Mary is hoping she can help Tom.
Mary is grumpy today, isn't she?
Mary is good-looking, isn't she?
Mary is fairly sure she can win.
Mary is enthusiastic, isn't she?
Mary is cute when she does that.
Mary is conservative, isn't she?
Mary is being unfair, isn't she?
Mary is ashamed of what she did.
Mary is angry at you, isn't she?
Mary is afraid she'll get fired.
Mary is a lot of fun, isn't she?
Mary injured herself doing that.
Mary hurt herself when she fell.
Mary hurried back to her office.
Mary hopes that she can do that.
Mary hoped she'd be able to win.
Mary hired herself an assistant.
Mary herself told me this story.
Mary herself may have done that.
Mary helps anyone that asks her.
Mary helps anybody who asks her.
Mary helped herself to a cookie.
Mary heard Tom yelling her name.
Mary heard Tom calling her name.
Mary hasn't called you, has she?
Mary hasn't been herself lately.
Mary has woken up from her coma.
Mary has told me she'll do that.
Mary has to take her medication.
Mary has things she needs to do.
Mary has said she won't do that.
Mary has said she can't do that.
Mary has been lying, hasn't she?
Mary had to go there by herself.
Mary got rid of her old bicycle.
Mary got Tom to sit next to her.
Mary got Tom to do that for her.
Mary got Tom to accept her help.
Mary goes everywhere by herself.
Mary gave us everything she had.
Mary gave me everything she had.
Mary gave her sunglasses to Tom.
Mary gave her old camera to Tom.
Mary found the watch she'd lost.
Mary found a job that she likes.
Mary fell down and hurt herself.
Mary explained why she was late.
Mary explained why she did that.
Mary expects Tom to forgive her.
Mary dried herself with a towel.
Mary dragged herself out of bed.
Mary doesn't say much, does she?
Mary doesn't eat pork, does she?
Mary doesn't eat meat, does she?
Mary does whatever she wants to.
Mary does that whenever she can.
Mary does that when she's tired.
Mary does that when she's happy.
Mary does that when she's drunk.
Mary does anything I ask her to.
Mary didn't want me to kiss her.
Mary didn't want me to help her.
Mary didn't think Tom heard her.
Mary didn't like what she heard.
Mary didn't go there by herself.
Mary didn't get what she wanted.
Mary didn't get what she needed.
Mary didn't buy what she needed.
Mary did what we told her to do.
Mary did what she said she'd do.
Mary did what she planned to do.
Mary did what she had been told.
Mary did what she could to help.
Mary did what I asked her to do.
Mary did that again, didn't she?
Mary did her best to ignore Tom.
Mary denies that she left early.
Mary denied that she left early.
Mary decided that she'd do that.
Mary decided she had had enough.
Mary couldn't get her gloves on.
Mary could do that if she tried.
Mary cooked herself a good meal.
Mary closed the door behind her.
Mary claims that she's innocent.
Mary claims she never said that.
Mary claimed she didn't do that.
Mary claimed Tom owed her money.
Mary can't take care of herself.
Mary can't stay here by herself.
Mary can't do it all by herself.
Mary can sit wherever she likes.
Mary can say whatever she wants.
Mary can now do that by herself.
Mary can handle that by herself.
Mary can eat anything she wants.
Mary can do that by herself now.
Mary can buy whatever she wants.
Mary came to ask us to help her.
Mary built the doghouse herself.
Mary bought herself a sporst car.
Mary believes she could do that.
Mary believed what Tom told her.
Mary ate the apple you gave her.
Mary ate the apple Tom gave her.
Mary assured us she'd cooperate.
Mary asked if she could do that.
Mary asked Tom to join her team.
Mary asked Tom to come with her.
Mary asked Tom if she loved her.
Mary armed herself with a knife.
Mary always talks about herself.
Mary always gets what she wants.
Mary admitted that she was lazy.
Mary admitted that she was cold.
Mary admitted that she did that.
Mary admits she often does that.
Let's hope Mary behaves herself.
Let's ask Mary why she was late.
Let Mary eat whatever she wants.
Let Mary eat anything she wants.
Let Mary buy whatever she wants.
Let Mary buy anything she wants.
If Mary wants to leave, she can.
If Mary wants to drive, let her.
I'll find Mary and let her know.
I wonder if Mary killed herself.
I told Mary Tom didn't like her.
I told Mary I'd do that for her.
I think Mary said she'd be back.
I polished Mary's shoes for her.
I made Mary go there by herself.
I hope Mary is behaving herself.
I encouraged Mary to be herself.
I asked Mary why she was crying.
I asked Mary what she'd suggest.
I asked Mary what she was doing.
Don't let Mary do it by herself.
Does Mary think she can do that?
Does Mary look like she's happy?
Does Mary know what she's doing?
Does Mary ever hug her children?
Did Mary say where she did that?
Did Mary say when she'd do that?
Did Mary say when she'd be here?
Did Mary say she'd visit Boston?
Did Mary say she'd go to Boston?
Did Mary say she went to Boston?
Did Mary say she had to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't do that?
Did Mary look like she was busy?
Ask Mary why she needs the rope.
Ask Mary where she put her keys.
Ask Mary if she'll go to Boston.
"Is Mary well?" "No, she isn't."
Who did Mary say gave her that?
Where's Mary when you need her?
Where's Mary when you need her.
When Mary saw me, she ran away.
What Mary saw made her unhappy.
What Mary saw made her nervous.
That's why Mary killed herself.
Tell Mary to stay where she is.
Tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tell Mary I'm sorry I hurt her.
Tell Mary I'll see her tonight.
Please ask Mary what she'll do.
Mary's mother told her a story.
Mary wrote the message herself.
Mary wrote a letter to herself.
Mary wished she had more money.
Mary will put her dog to sleep.
Mary will go skiing by herself.
Mary will die if she does that.
Mary will come if you call her.
Mary will be glad she did that.
Mary will ask Tom to marry her.
Mary went to Boston by herself.
Mary waved to everyone she saw.
Mary wasn't with her boyfriend.
Mary wasn't sure she could win.
Mary was nearly killed herself.
Mary was by herself in her car.
Mary wants you to wait for her.
Mary wants someone to love her.
Mary wants someone to help her.
Mary wants me to work with her.
Mary wanted to turn herself in.
Mary wanted to protect herself.
Mary wanted me to wait for her.
Mary wanted me to come get her.
Mary wanted Tom to be near her.
Mary walks her dog twice a day.
Mary vowed she'd never do that.
Mary tried to do it by herself.
Mary told us she couldn't help.
Mary told us she could do that.
Mary told me to meet her there.
Mary told me that she's sleepy.
Mary told me that she's scared.
Mary told me that she's lonely.
Mary told me that she's afraid.
Mary told me that she was sick.
Mary told me that she was safe.
Mary told me that she was rich.
Mary told me that she was poor.
Mary told me that she was next.
Mary told me that she was lost.
Mary told me that she was glad.
Mary told me that she was full.
Mary told me that she was free.
Mary told me that she was done.
Mary told me that she was cold.
Mary told me that she was busy.
Mary told me that she loves me.
Mary told me she'd wait for us.
Mary told me she'd talk to Tom.
Mary told me she'd sort it out.
Mary told me she wouldn't wait.
Mary told me she won't do that.
Mary told me she wasn't sleepy.
Mary told me she wasn't hungry.
Mary told me she wasn't coming.
Mary told me she wasn't afraid.
Mary told me she was very busy.
Mary told me she was skeptical.
Mary told me she was in Boston.
Mary told me she was exhausted.
Mary told me she was done, too.
Mary told me she was desperate.
Mary told me she was depressed.
Mary told me she was concerned.
Mary told me she was at school.
Mary told me she was an artist.
Mary told me she wanted to cry.
Mary told me she owed Tom $300.
Mary told me she never saw Tom.
Mary told me she might do that.
Mary told me she liked my idea.
Mary told me she felt offended.
Mary told me she didn't get it.
Mary told me she couldn't walk.
Mary told me she couldn't wait.
Mary told me she could help us.
Mary told me she could do that.
Mary told me she believed that.
Mary told me not to follow her.
Mary told Tom why she was late.
Mary told Tom that she felt OK.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't win.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't cry.
Mary told Tom she wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom she wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom she was a doctor.
Mary told Tom she spoke French.
Mary told Tom her phone number.
Mary told Tom about her family.
Mary thought she could help us.
Mary thought she could do that.
Mary thinks she's good-looking.
Mary thinks she should do that.
Mary taught herself how to ski.
Mary swore she'd never do that.
Mary swears she didn't do that.
Mary struggled to free herself.
Mary still can't find her keys.
Mary stayed at home by herself.
Mary spilled wine on her shirt.
Mary spilled soup on her shirt.
Mary spilled coffee on herself.
Mary sold everything she owned.
Mary sold Tom her old clarinet.
Mary showed Tom her new tattoo.
Mary should talk to her lawyer.
Mary should do that by herself.
Mary shot herself this morning.
Mary says that she's very rich.
Mary says that she's very busy.
Mary says that she plans to go.
Mary says she's not sleepy yet.
Mary says she's not interested.
Mary says she's not hungry yet.
Mary says she's not happy here.
Mary says she's heard you sing.
Mary says she's had a hard day.
Mary says she's good at French.
Mary says she's getting hungry.
Mary says she's been to Boston.
Mary says she'll never give up.
Mary says she'll never do that.
Mary says she'll help us today.
Mary says she'll give it a try.
Mary says she'll do that today.
Mary says she'll do that later.
Mary says she'll do that again.
Mary says she'll come tomorrow.
Mary says she'll be a bit late.
Mary says she'd rather go home.
Mary says she'd never kiss Tom.
Mary says she wouldn't do that.
Mary says she wants to help us.
Mary says she wants to do that.
Mary says she still needs help.
Mary says she plans to do that.
Mary says she ought to do that.
Mary says she needs to do that.
Mary says she needs time alone.
Mary says she misses Tom a lot.
Mary says she likes to do that.
Mary says she likes doing that.
Mary says she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary says she isn't hungry yet.
Mary says she dreams in French.
Mary says she doesn't like Tom.
Mary says she doesn't know Tom.
Mary says she doesn't ever win.
Mary says she can fix anything.
Mary saw herself in the mirror.
Mary saw Tom before he saw her.
Mary sat at the bar by herself.
Mary said you told her to wait.
Mary said this belonged to her.
Mary said that's fine with her.
Mary said that she wasn't sick.
Mary said that she wasn't rich.
Mary said that she wasn't hurt.
Mary said that she wasn't free.
Mary said that she wasn't done.
Mary said that she wasn't cold.
Mary said that she wasn't busy.
Mary said that she was worried.
Mary said that she was unlucky.
Mary said that she was unhappy.
Mary said that she was thirsty.
Mary said that she was stunned.
Mary said that she was starved.
Mary said that she was shocked.
Mary said that she was serious.
Mary said that she was retired.
Mary said that she was relaxed.
Mary said that she was puzzled.
Mary said that she was psychic.
Mary said that she was psyched.
Mary said that she was pleased.
Mary said that she was nervous.
Mary said that she was married.
Mary said that she was jealous.
Mary said that she was healthy.
Mary said that she was furious.
Mary said that she was excited.
Mary said that she was dubious.
Mary said that she was curious.
Mary said that she was baffled.
Mary said that she was annoyed.
Mary said that she was adopted.
Mary said that she didn't know.
Mary said that Tom slapped her.
Mary said that Tom punched her.
Mary said she's ready to leave.
Mary said she's not yet thirty.
Mary said she's not sleepy yet.
Mary said she's not doing that.
Mary said she's doing that now.
Mary said she's been to Boston.
Mary said she'll never do that.
Mary said she'll do that later.
Mary said she'll check into it.
Mary said she'd try to do that.
Mary said she'd try doing that.
Mary said she'd think about it.
Mary said she'd rather go home.
Mary said she'd never leave me.
Mary said she'd likely do that.
Mary said she'd do that for us.
Mary said she'd do that for me.
Mary said she'd definitely win.
Mary said she'd call you later.
Mary said she'd be coming back.
Mary said she wouldn't help me.
Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wasn't surprised.
Mary said she wasn't in Boston.
Mary said she wasn't convinced.
Mary said she wasn't concerned.
Mary said she was going to win.
Mary said she was disappointed.
Mary said she was all worn out.
Mary said she wants to do that.
Mary said she wanted a new car.
Mary said she tried to do that.
Mary said she sold Tom her car.
Mary said she prefers red wine.
Mary said she plans to do that.
Mary said she ought to do that.
Mary said she needs to do that.
Mary said she needed some cash.
Mary said she needed more time.
Mary said she likes to do that.
Mary said she likes doing that.
Mary said she liked to do that.
Mary said she liked doing that.
Mary said she isn't thirty yet.
Mary said she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary said she heard Tom scream.
Mary said she heard Tom crying.
Mary said she hasn't done that.
Mary said she had to work late.
Mary said she had to walk home.
Mary said she had to stay home.
Mary said she had a job for me.
Mary said she forgot something.
Mary said she felt no pressure.
Mary said she felt like crying.
Mary said she enjoyed the view.
Mary said she enjoyed the show.
Mary said she doesn't know Tom.
Mary said she doesn't eat pork.
Mary said she doesn't eat meat.
Mary said she didn't like dogs.
Mary said she didn't like cats.
Mary said she didn't like beer.
Mary said she didn't know this.
Mary said she didn't feel well.
Mary said she didn't feel safe.
Mary said she didn't feel cold.
Mary said she did that in 2013.
Mary said she did that for you.
Mary said she did that for Tom.
Mary said she did that already.
Mary said she couldn't help me.
Mary said she couldn't do that.
Mary said she couldn't breathe.
Mary said she ate way too much.
Mary said she appreciated that.
Mary said she already did that.
Mary said it didn't bother her.
Mary regrets that she did that.
Mary really is good, isn't she?
Mary realized she wasn't alone.
Mary realized she had to leave.
Mary put her bag on Tom's desk.
Mary promised she'd be on time.
Mary promised she wouldn't cry.
Mary promised me she'd do that.
Mary pretended she didn't care.
Mary poured water over herself.
Mary poured herself some water.
Mary pointed her finger at Tom.
Mary plans on going by herself.
Mary persuaded Tom to help her.
Mary often contradicts herself.
Mary needs to get over herself.
Mary needed to change her plan.
Mary nearly got herself killed.
Mary motioned me to follow her.
Mary might ask you to help her.
Mary met her husband in Boston.
Mary may leave if she wants to.
Mary may go wherever she wants.
Mary may go fishing by herself.
Mary may go anywhere she likes.
Mary may do whatever she wants.
Mary may do whatever she likes.
Mary made herself a cup of tea.
Mary lost everything she owned.
Mary looks sleepy, doesn't she?
Mary looks like she's sleeping.
Mary looks like she's relieved.
Mary looks like she's prepared.
Mary looks like she's finished.
Mary looks like she's confused.
Mary looked like she was upset.
Mary looked like she was tired.
Mary looked like she was tense.
Mary looked like she was sorry.
Mary looked like she was ready.
Mary looked like she was happy.
Mary looked like she was drunk.
Mary looked like she was dizzy.
Mary looked like she was bored.
Mary looked like she was awake.
Mary looked like she was angry.
Mary looked like she was alone.
Mary looked like she was alive.
Mary looked like she might cry.
Mary locked her bike to a tree.
Mary lives here all by herself.
Mary likes Boston, doesn't she?
Mary let herself in with a key.
Mary let Tom drive her new car.
Mary left because she was sick.
Mary left as soon as she could.
Mary knows what she has to buy.
Mary knows she's said too much.
Mary knows she's being watched.
Mary knows she's being lied to.
Mary knows she has to be ready.
Mary knows how much I love her.
Mary knew why nobody liked her.
Mary knew what she ought to do.
Mary knew that she could do it.
Mary knew she was going to win.
Mary knew she had to apologize.
Mary knew she couldn't do that.
Mary knew Tom was lying to her.
Mary kissed me before she left.
Mary killed herself last night.
Mary killed herself in October.
Mary just told me what she did.
Mary just told me she loved me.
Mary isn't where she should be.
Mary isn't what she used to be.
Mary isn't wearing her uniform.
Mary isn't very strong, is she?
Mary isn't very bright, is she?
Mary isn't sure why she's here.
Mary isn't sure what she'll do.
Mary isn't quite herself today.
Mary isn't coming back, is she?
Mary isn't as old as she seems.
Mary isn't as old as she looks.
Mary is your friend, isn't she?
Mary is your cousin, isn't she?
Mary is younger than she looks.
Mary is very untidy, isn't she?
Mary is very touchy, isn't she?
Mary is very strong, isn't she?
Mary is very skinny, isn't she?
Mary is very greedy, isn't she?
Mary is very driven, isn't she?
Mary is very crafty, isn't she?
Mary is trustworthy, isn't she?
Mary is tougher than she looks.
Mary is sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is still there, isn't she?
Mary is still alive, isn't she?
Mary is spontaneous, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than she looks.
Mary is resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is really rich, isn't she?
Mary is really fast, isn't she?
Mary is really busy, isn't she?
Mary is quite timid, isn't she?
Mary is quite smart, isn't she?
Mary is quite short, isn't she?
Mary is quite sharp, isn't she?
Mary is quite naive, isn't she?
Mary is quite crazy, isn't she?
Mary is quite bossy, isn't she?
Mary is quite angry, isn't she?
Mary is pretty ugly, isn't she?
Mary is pretty rich, isn't she?
Mary is pessimistic, isn't she?
Mary is open-minded, isn't she?
Mary is kind of old, isn't she?
Mary is interfering, isn't she?
Mary is interesting, isn't she?
Mary is incompetent, isn't she?
Mary is in her room, isn't she?
Mary is hoping you'll help her.
Mary is hoping she can do that.
Mary is happy with her new job.
Mary is from Boston, isn't she?
Mary is fairly rich, isn't she?
Mary is extroverted, isn't she?
Mary is experienced, isn't she?
Mary is doing the best she can.
Mary is considerate, isn't she?
Mary is competitive, isn't she?
Mary is coming here, isn't she?
Mary is celebrating, isn't she?
Mary is being vague, isn't she?
Mary is being silly, isn't she?
Mary is back where she belongs.
Mary is angry at me, isn't she?
Mary is always blaming herself.
Mary is afraid she'll get lost.
Mary introduced herself to Tom.
Mary hurt herself this morning.
Mary hit Tom with her umbrella.
Mary hid herself under the bed.
Mary helps out any way she can.
Mary helps anyone who asks her.
Mary heard someone calling her.
Mary hasn't eaten yet, has she?
Mary has tried to kill herself.
Mary has told me she won't win.
Mary has told me she can't win.
Mary has to do that by herself.
Mary has only herself to blame.
Mary has done well for herself.
Mary has done the best she can.
Mary has done that, hasn't she?
Mary has been busy, hasn't she?
Mary has asked Tom to help her.
Mary hanged herself last night.
Mary handed Tom her cell phone.
Mary had to do that by herself.
Mary had no idea where she was.
Mary had everything she wanted.
Mary had Tom correct her essay.
Mary got everything she wanted.
Mary got everything she needed.
Mary got Tom to drive her home.
Mary gave all her money to Tom.
Mary gave Tom her phone number.
Mary gave Tom her home address.
Mary gave Tom all of her money.
Mary found herself alone again.
Mary forced herself to do that.
Mary figured she could do that.
Mary expressed herself clearly.
Mary exposed herself to danger.
Mary explained her plan to Tom.
Mary ended up going by herself.
Mary doesn't think she'll lose.
Mary doesn't think she can win.
Mary doesn't seem like herself.
Mary doesn't like her new sofa.
Mary doesn't know who shot her.
Mary doesn't know where she is.
Mary doesn't do that, does she?
Mary doesn't do much, does she?
Mary does what she can to help.
Mary didn't say where she went.
Mary didn't mean what she said.
Mary didn't make herself clear.
Mary didn't know where she was.
Mary didn't know what she'd do.
Mary didn't do that on her own.
Mary didn't do that by herself.
Mary did what she wanted to do.
Mary did what she needed to do.
Mary did what I told her to do.
Mary did the best she could do.
Mary did that for her children.
Mary did that against her will.
Mary did everything by herself.
Mary did all she could to help.
Mary couldn't do it by herself.
Mary could buy what she needed.
Mary convinced Tom to help her.
Mary claims she didn't do that.
Mary claimed she wasn't guilty.
Mary claimed she wasn't afraid.
Mary claimed she could do that.
Mary caught Tom staring at her.
Mary caught Tom looking at her.
Mary can't help the way she is.
Mary can't get home by herself.
Mary can leave if she wants to.
Mary can go wherever she likes.
Mary can go whenever she likes.
Mary can do anything she wants.
Mary bought a beer for herself.
Mary believes that she can win.
Mary begged Tom to forgive her.
Mary attempted to kill herself.
Mary asked me to meet her here.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her.
Mary always thinks she's right.
Mary always said she was lucky.
Mary always puts herself first.
Mary actually did that herself.
Mary acts like she's exhausted.
Mary acted like she was afraid.
Mary accidentally shot herself.
Let's ask Mary what she thinks.
Let Mary do whatever she wants.
Let Mary do anything she wants.
If Mary goes, I'll go with her.
I'll ask Mary why she did that.
I'll ask Mary how she did that.
I told Mary what she had to do.
I told Mary she was in trouble.
I told Mary she made a mistake.
I saw Mary try to kill herself.
I heard that Mary shot herself.
I gave Mary what she asked for.
I asked Mary what she'd advise.
I asked Mary to clean her room.
I asked Mary to behave herself.
I asked Mary if she understood.
I asked Mary how she'd do that.
How old was Mary when she died?
Has Mary finished her homework?
Does Mary put sugar in her tea?
Does Mary look like she's busy?
Does Mary know she was adopted?
Did Mary say why she was fired?
Did Mary say when she'd arrive?
Did Mary say she'd eat with us?
Did Mary let you drive her car?
Did Mary let Tom drive her car?
Did Mary go fishing by herself?
Could Mary get home by herself?
Ask Mary who taught her French.
Ask Mary when she'll come back.
Ask Mary what she wants to eat.
Ask Mary if she has to do that.
Are you sure her name was Mary?
Would Mary do that on her own?
Would Mary do that by herself?
Why is Mary selling her house?
Where did Mary say she'd gone?
What's Mary doing in her room?
That's all Mary said she'd do.
Tell Mary where she should go.
She told me her name was Mary.
Mary's children must miss her.
Mary wrote the letter herself.
Mary wouldn't change her mind.
Mary would never kill herself.
Mary worries about her weight.
Mary won't do that by herself.
Mary won't be there, will she?
Mary wished she hadn't looked.
Mary wished she had more time.
Mary will get home by herself.
Mary will do whatever she can.
Mary will be there, won't she?
Mary went back to her bedroom.
Mary wasn't sleeping, was she?
Mary was thirty when she died.
Mary was talking in her sleep.
Mary was simply doing her job.
Mary was afraid she'd be late.
Mary wants to live on her own.
Mary wants to improve herself.
Mary wants to call her lawyer.
Mary wants me to wait for her.
Mary wanted to wash her hands.
Mary walked her dog every day.
Mary walked back to her hotel.
Mary usually keeps to herself.
Mary unlocked her office door.
Mary turned on her flashlight.
Mary turned off her desk lamp.
Mary turned her flashlight on.
Mary tried to prepare herself.
Mary took off her muddy shoes.
Mary took off all her clothes.
Mary told us she wouldn't cry.
Mary told us she loved skiing.
Mary told me why she was late.
Mary told me why she did that.
Mary told me that she's upset.
Mary told me that she's tired.
Mary told me that she's ready.
Mary told me that she's broke.
Mary told me that she's bored.
Mary told me that she's alone.
Mary told me that she'd cried.
Mary told me that she was shy.
Mary told me that she was sad.
Mary told me that she was mad.
Mary told me she'd try to win.
Mary told me she'd look at it.
Mary told me she'd likely cry.
Mary told me she wouldn't win.
Mary told me she wouldn't cry.
Mary told me she wasn't upset.
Mary told me she wasn't tired.
Mary told me she wasn't sorry.
Mary told me she wasn't happy.
Mary told me she wasn't bored.
Mary told me she wasn't angry.
Mary told me she wasn't alone.
Mary told me she was worn out.
Mary told me she was unafraid.
Mary told me she was ticklish.
Mary told me she was prepared.
Mary told me she was mistaken.
Mary told me she was innocent.
Mary told me she was grateful.
Mary told me she was finished.
Mary told me she was confused.
Mary told me she was a doctor.
Mary told me she was Canadian.
Mary told me she wants to win.
Mary told me she wanted to go.
Mary told me she spoke French.
Mary told me she needed money.
Mary told me she isn't hungry.
Mary told me she had to leave.
Mary told me she had no money.
Mary told me she felt seasick.
Mary told me she didn't smoke.
Mary told me she didn't do it.
Mary told me she didn't agree.
Mary told me she could fix it.
Mary told me she believed Tom.
Mary told me she ate too much.
Mary told me it was her fault.
Mary told me about it herself.
Mary told Tom to wait for her.
Mary told Tom that she was OK.
Mary told Tom she wasn't busy.
Mary told Tom she was unhappy.
Mary told Tom she was thirsty.
Mary told Tom she was married.
Mary told Tom how old she was.
Mary thought Tom despised her.
Mary thought I'd let her down.
Mary thinks she's a good cook.
Mary thinks she could do that.
Mary thinks she can trust Tom.
Mary thinks highly of herself.
Mary thinks her leg is broken.
Mary swore she didn't do that.
Mary swears she won't do that.
Mary stopped taking her pills.
Mary sold her house last week.
Mary sold her house in Boston.
Mary slipped and hit her head.
Mary sleeps with her socks on.
Mary showed me what she meant.
Mary showed me her new guitar.
Mary showed Tom her new watch.
Mary showed Tom her new phone.
Mary should stay where she is.
Mary should pay what she owes.
Mary shot herself in the knee.
Mary shot herself in the head.
Mary shot herself in the foot.
Mary shared her lunch with me.
Mary shared her food with Tom.
Mary seldom counts her change.
Mary seemed to know her stuff.
Mary seemed OK when I saw her.
Mary says that she'll do that.
Mary says that she didn't win.
Mary says that she didn't cry.
Mary says that she can't help.
Mary says she's taught French.
Mary says she's not tired yet.
Mary says she's not concerned.
Mary says she's never met Tom.
Mary says she's learned a lot.
Mary says she's healthy again.
Mary says she's good at chess.
Mary says she'll do just that.
Mary says she'd rather not go.
Mary says she'd never do that.
Mary says she won't come back.
Mary says she wants to change.
Mary says she used to do that.
Mary says she understands Tom.
Mary says she saw Tom yawning.
Mary says she needs more time.
Mary says she isn't tired yet.
Mary says she isn't giving up.
Mary says she has a lot to do.
Mary says she doesn't do that.
Mary says she can't stay long.
Mary says she can write songs.
Mary says she can change that.
Mary saw her name on the list.
Mary said you were her friend.
Mary said that she'd be there.
Mary said that she'd be early.
Mary said that she wasn't sad.
Mary said that she wasn't mad.
Mary said that she was strong.
Mary said that she was sleepy.
Mary said that she was single.
Mary said that she was scared.
Mary said that she was lonely.
Mary said that she was hungry.
Mary said that she was eating.
Mary said that she was amused.
Mary said that she was afraid.
Mary said that she liked rain.
Mary said that she felt dizzy.
Mary said that she feels good.
Mary said that she didn't win.
Mary said that she didn't cry.
Mary said that Tom kissed her.
Mary said that Tom helped her.
Mary said she's ready to help.
Mary said she's never met Tom.
Mary said she's in Boston now.
Mary said she's been forgiven.
Mary said she'll visit Boston.
Mary said she'll do that soon.
Mary said she'd never seen it.
Mary said she'd never do that.
Mary said she'd leave at 2:30.
Mary said she'd help Tom, too.
Mary said she'd fly to Boston.
Mary said she'd do that later.
Mary said she'd do that again.
Mary said she'd do it herself.
Mary said she'd come tomorrow.
Mary said she'd call tomorrow.
Mary said she'd call Tom back.
Mary said she'd be right over.
Mary said she'd be right back.
Mary said she'd be ready soon.
Mary said she'd also help Tom.
Mary said she wasn't offended.
Mary said she wasn't Canadian.
Mary said she was ready to go.
Mary said she was over thirty.
Mary said she was from Boston.
Mary said she was feeling bad.
Mary said she was disoriented.
Mary said she was coming back.
Mary said she wants to retire.
Mary said she wanted to leave.
Mary said she wanted a lawyer.
Mary said she saw Tom tonight.
Mary said she needed our help.
Mary said she needed a change.
Mary said she may not do that.
Mary said she liked the party.
Mary said she liked the movie.
Mary said she knows the rules.
Mary said she knew who did it.
Mary said she knew what to do.
Mary said she knew how to win.
Mary said she knew how I felt.
Mary said she kept doing that.
Mary said she hated this book.
Mary said she hasn't seen Tom.
Mary said she had to help Tom.
Mary said she found something.
Mary said she didn't like Tom.
Mary said she didn't know why.
Mary said she didn't know Tom.
Mary said she didn't kiss Tom.
Mary said she didn't feel hot.
Mary said she didn't eat meat.
Mary said she did that for us.
Mary said she cried every day.
Mary said she cried all night.
Mary said she couldn't recall.
Mary said she could swim well.
Mary said she could handle it.
Mary said her hands were cold.
Mary said Tom wasn't her type.
Mary said Tom told her to lie.
Mary said Tom didn't like her.
Mary said I can ride with her.
Mary reminds me of her mother.
Mary refused to sign her name.
Mary really misses her family.
Mary realized she was trapped.
Mary ran away when she saw me.
Mary ran as fast as she could.
Mary put on her coat and left.
Mary put her seatbelt back on.
Mary put her hat on the table.
Mary put her hands in the air.
Mary promised that she'd help.
Mary promised that she'd come.
Mary promised that she'd call.
Mary promised she'll be there.
Mary pretended she was asleep.
Mary poured herself some milk.
Mary partially blames herself.
Mary parked in her usual spot.
Mary painted her bicycle blue.
Mary only cares about herself.
Mary only cared about herself.
Mary often lies about her age.
Mary never said she'd help us.
Mary never said she'd do that.
Mary never said she hated Tom.
Mary never got out of her car.
Mary needs to change her plan.
Mary must be proud of herself.
Mary might do that on her own.
Mary might do that by herself.
Mary may have to quit her job.
Mary may do that if she wants.
Mary may do that if she likes.
Mary made up her mind quickly.
Mary loved what she was doing.
Mary lost the key to her room.
Mary lost interest in her job.
Mary lost her French textbook.
Mary looks tired, doesn't she?
Mary looks like she's worried.
Mary looks like she's through.
Mary looks like she's serious.
Mary looks like she's puzzled.
Mary looks like she's nervous.
Mary looks like she's jealous.
Mary looks like she's in pain.
Mary looks like she's healthy.
Mary looks like she's furious.
Mary looks like she's excited.
Mary looks like she's dubious.
Mary looks like she's curious.
Mary looks like she's annoyed.
Mary looks like she might cry.
Mary looks like herself again.
Mary looks great, doesn't she?
Mary looked through her stuff.
Mary looked like she was warm.
Mary looked like she was sick.
Mary looked like she was hurt.
Mary looked like she was fine.
Mary looked like she was done.
Mary looked like she was dead.
Mary looked like she was cold.
Mary looked like she was busy.
Mary looked down at her shoes.
Mary lived alone with her dog.
Mary likes to keep to herself.
Mary likes music, doesn't she?
Mary liked what she was doing.
Mary let me borrow her gloves.
Mary left her umbrella behind.
Mary left her keys in the car.
Mary left her coat downstairs.
Mary left after she had lunch.
Mary leaned back in her chair.
Mary knows who killed her dog.
Mary knows what she should do.
Mary knows what she has to do.
Mary knows that she was wrong.
Mary knows that she can't win.
Mary knows that Tom loves her.
Mary knows that Tom likes her.
Mary knows that I lied to her.
Mary knows she's been lied to.
Mary knows she should do that.
Mary knows she made a mistake.
Mary knows she has to do that.
Mary knew she'd said too much.
Mary knew she should help Tom.
Mary knew she had to help Tom.
Mary knew she had a job to do.
Mary knew Tom didn't love her.
Mary knew Tom didn't like her.
Mary killed herself yesterday.
Mary killed herself in Boston.
Mary just needs to do her job.
Mary just finished her coffee.
Mary isn't with her boyfriend.
Mary isn't very smart, is she?
Mary isn't very happy, is she?
Mary is working in her office.
Mary is waiting for her check.
Mary is very young, isn't she?
Mary is very tense, isn't she?
Mary is very sure she can win.
Mary is very smart, isn't she?
Mary is very sharp, isn't she?
Mary is very proud of herself.
Mary is very proud of her son.
Mary is very naive, isn't she?
Mary is very funny, isn't she?
Mary is very angry, isn't she?
Mary is unsociable, isn't she?
Mary is unpleasant, isn't she?
Mary is unpacking her clothes.
Mary is unfriendly, isn't she?
Mary is uncultured, isn't she?
Mary is unassuming, isn't she?
Mary is trying to fix her car.
Mary is trying to do her best.
Mary is thoughtful, isn't she?
Mary is successful, isn't she?
Mary is staying at her aunt's.
Mary is similar to her mother.
Mary is really shy, isn't she?
Mary is really old, isn't she?
Mary is rather shy, isn't she?
Mary is quite ugly, isn't she?
Mary is quite thin, isn't she?
Mary is quite rude, isn't she?
Mary is quite rich, isn't she?
Mary is quite hard on herself.
Mary is quite good at her job.
Mary is proud of her students.
Mary is proud of her daughter.
Mary is proud of her children.
Mary is productive, isn't she?
Mary is principled, isn't she?
Mary is pretty shy, isn't she?
Mary is pretty old, isn't she?
Mary is prejudiced, isn't she?
Mary is possessive, isn't she?
Mary is playing with her toys.
Mary is playing her saxophone.
Mary is photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is persistent, isn't she?
Mary is passionate, isn't she?
Mary is overweight, isn't she?
Mary is optimistic, isn't she?
Mary is now living by herself.
Mary is methodical, isn't she?
Mary is living by herself now.
Mary is in trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in her office waiting.
Mary is in her early thirties.
Mary is good at what she does.
Mary is going to kill herself.
Mary is going to hurt herself.
Mary is finally herself again.
Mary is fairly old, isn't she?
Mary is excited about her job.
Mary is doing that by herself.
Mary is doing fine on her own.
Mary is diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is determined, isn't she?
Mary is dependable, isn't she?
Mary is courageous, isn't she?
Mary is convinced she's right.
Mary is contradicting herself.
Mary is confident she can win.
Mary is compulsive, isn't she?
Mary is bored out of her mind.
Mary is being rude, isn't she?
Mary is behind in her studies.
Mary is back in her apartment.
Mary is asleep in her bedroom.
Mary is as tall as her father.
Mary is already in her office.
Mary is aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of her own son.
Mary is a lot like her mother.
Mary is a bit like her mother.
Mary invited her friends over.
Mary invited Tom to her party.
Mary invited Tom to her house.
Mary introduced herself to me.
Mary intended to kill herself.
Mary hopes that her team wins.
Mary hoped Tom could help her.
Mary herself asked us to come.
Mary helped herself to coffee.
Mary hasn't paid her rent yet.
Mary hasn't done her homework.
Mary has told me she can swim.
Mary has outgrown her clothes.
Mary has her own life to live.
Mary has everything she wants.
Mary has everything she needs.
Mary has come out of her coma.
Mary has already sold her car.
Mary has a safe in her office.
Mary has a bruise on her face.
Mary had to think for herself.
Mary had to rewrite her essay.
Mary had the table to herself.
Mary had the place to herself.
Mary had her appendix removed.
Mary grows her own vegetables.
Mary grinned when she saw Tom.
Mary got something in her eye.
Mary got rid of her old books.
Mary got more than she needed.
Mary got lost on her way here.
Mary got herself another beer.
Mary gave me her phone number.
Mary forgot to wash her hands.
Mary forgot to renew her visa.
Mary forgot to file her taxes.
Mary fixed herself a cocktail.
Mary fed her dog table scraps.
Mary expected Tom to help her.
Mary excused herself and left.
Mary drove her kids to school.
Mary doesn't think she'll win.
Mary doesn't obey her parents.
Mary doesn't like her new job.
Mary does that when she's sad.
Mary died when she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem sad, did she?
Mary didn't say she'd do that.
Mary didn't like what she saw.
Mary didn't finish her dinner.
Mary didn't complain, did she?
Mary didn't call Tom, did she?
Mary didn't break her promise.
Mary did what she always does.
Mary did her best to help Tom.
Mary did everything she could.
Mary did as she said she'd do.
Mary denies that she did that.
Mary denied that she did that.
Mary defended herself bravely.
Mary cut herself with a knife.
Mary couldn't get in her room.
Mary could've gone by herself.
Mary could've broken her neck.
Mary could do it if she tried.
Mary considered herself lucky.
Mary claimed she was innocent.
Mary canceled her appointment.
Mary can't eat it all herself.
Mary can't do that on her own.
Mary can't do that by herself.
Mary can take care of herself.
Mary can stay if she wants to.
Mary can no longer do her job.
Mary can join us if she wants.
Mary can do that if she wants.
Mary can do that if she tries.
Mary can do that if she likes.
Mary broke her new smartphone.
Mary bought herself a sweater.
Mary believes she can do that.
Mary begged Tom to let her go.
Mary ate breakfast by herself.
Mary asked me to help her out.
Mary asked me to cut her hair.
Mary asked me if I'd help her.
Mary asked if she was invited.
Mary asked how she could help.
Mary asked for her money back.
Mary asked Tom to go with her.
Mary asked Tom to forgive her.
Mary asked Tom join her group.
Mary admitted she's done that.
Mary admitted she was nervous.
Mary admitted she let Tom win.
Let Mary watch what she wants.
Let Mary drink what she wants.
Is Mary cleaning her room now?
Is Mary aware of what she did?
I'll help Mary clean her room.
I'll ask Mary what she thinks.
I told Mary to wash her hands.
I told Mary to clean her room.
I told Mary that I'd help her.
I told Mary I agreed with her.
I think Mary is in her office.
I thanked Mary for her advice.
I helped Mary do her homework.
I help Mary with her homework.
I guess Mary changed her mind.
I can't leave Mary by herself.
I asked Mary why she did that.
I asked Mary where she's from.
I asked Mary where she'd gone.
I asked Mary where she'd been.
I asked Mary what she thought.
I asked Mary if she'd go, too.
Has Mary cleaned her room yet?
Does Mary think she can do it?
Does Mary think Tom likes her?
Did Mary say why she was here?
Did Mary say why she did that?
Did Mary say how she did that?
Did Mary have what she needed?
Could Mary do that by herself?
Ask Mary when she'll get here.
Ask Mary what she wants to do.
Ask Mary if she speaks French.
Ask Mary if she needs my help.
Are you sure her name is Mary?
Will Mary go home by herself?
Will Mary do that by herself?
Why didn't Mary come herself?
Why did Mary do what she did?
Why did Mary change her mind?
Why did Mary cancel her trip?
Who did Mary sell her car to?
When did Mary say she'd come?
What did Mary say she wanted?
What did Mary say she needed?
We're going to name her Mary.
We gave Mary what she wanted.
Tell Mary you want her to go.
Tell Mary what she should do.
Tell Mary she should do that.
Tell Mary she has to do that.
Tell Mary it's not her fault.
Mary's had her house painted.
Mary would stay if she could.
Mary works here, doesn't she?
Mary works for her uncle now.
Mary worked most of her life.
Mary won't do that, will she?
Mary won't be late, will she?
Mary will paint her car blue.
Mary will help us, won't she?
Mary will go, too, won't she?
Mary will get herself killed.
Mary will do that, won't she?
Mary will do that on her own.
Mary will do that if she can.
Mary will do that by herself.
Mary will be fine, won't she?
Mary went back to her office.
Mary went back into her room.
Mary wasn't serious, was she?
Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
Mary wasn't at home, was she?
Mary was wearing her new hat.
Mary was raised by her uncle.
Mary wants us to go with her.
Mary wants me to lie for her.
Mary tried to sell her house.
Mary tried to defend herself.
Mary took off her sunglasses.
Mary took off her headphones.
Mary took her sunglasses off.
Mary took her headphones off.
Mary took her dog to the vet.
Mary took her dog for a walk.
Mary told me where she lived.
Mary told me what she wanted.
Mary told me that she's well.
Mary told me that she's safe.
Mary told me that she's fine.
Mary told me that she's done.
Mary told me that she's cold.
Mary told me that she was OK.
Mary told me she'd walk home.
Mary told me she'd try again.
Mary told me she'd stay home.
Mary told me she'd been sick.
Mary told me she'd been busy.
Mary told me she wasn't sure.
Mary told me she wasn't sick.
Mary told me she wasn't busy.
Mary told me she was wounded.
Mary told me she was working.
Mary told me she was unlucky.
Mary told me she was unhappy.
Mary told me she was thirsty.
Mary told me she was starved.
Mary told me she was retired.
Mary told me she was puzzled.
Mary told me she was pleased.
Mary told me she was nervous.
Mary told me she was jealous.
Mary told me she was healthy.
Mary told me she was furious.
Mary told me she was excited.
Mary told me she was curious.
Mary told me she was at home.
Mary told me she was annoyed.
Mary told me she was adopted.
Mary told me she walked home.
Mary told me she plans to go.
Mary told me she may do that.
Mary told me she liked pizza.
Mary told me she felt hungry.
Mary told me she felt better.
Mary told me she didn't know.
Mary told me she could do it.
Mary told me about her plans.
Mary told Tom she'd help him.
Mary told Tom she was sleepy.
Mary told Tom she was hungry.
Mary told Tom she left early.
Mary told Tom she didn't win.
Mary told Tom she didn't cry.
Mary told Tom about her plan.
Mary thinks she can prove it.
Mary talked about her school.
Mary talked about her father.
Mary talked about her family.
Mary takes her job seriously.
Mary sure is full of herself.
Mary still hopes she can win.
Mary stayed there by herself.
Mary smiled when she saw Tom.
Mary slept with her shoes on.
Mary sleeps whenever she can.
Mary showed me her portfolio.
Mary showed Tom her passport.
Mary showed Tom her calendar.
Mary shouted that she was OK.
Mary shouldn't go by herself.
Mary should cancel her party.
Mary should be in her office.
Mary shot herself last night.
Mary shot herself in the leg.
Mary shared her soup with me.
Mary sent her picture to Tom.
Mary seems to know her stuff.
Mary says that she's met you.
Mary says that she's healthy.
Mary says that she won't win.
Mary says that she won't cry.
Mary says that she knows you.
Mary says that she does that.
Mary says she's still hungry.
Mary says she's really sorry.
Mary says she's not done yet.
Mary says she's lost her key.
Mary says she's disappointed.
Mary says she's already paid.
Mary says she'll wait for us.
Mary says she won't tell Tom.
Mary says she should do that.
Mary says she saw everything.
Mary says she saw Tom crying.
Mary says she plans on going.
Mary says she owes Tom money.
Mary says she never did that.
Mary says she needs it today.
Mary says she has to do that.
Mary says she has no regrets.
Mary says she has experience.
Mary says she had to do that.
Mary says she didn't hit Tom.
Mary says she didn't do that.
Mary says she can't eat nuts.
Mary says she can pay for it.
Mary says her left leg hurts.
Mary says I make her nervous.
Mary said that she'd help me.
Mary said that she'd do that.
Mary said that she'd be late.
Mary said that she was wrong.
Mary said that she was upset.
Mary said that she was tired.
Mary said that she was sorry.
Mary said that she was ready.
Mary said that she was naked.
Mary said that she was lucky.
Mary said that she was happy.
Mary said that she was drunk.
Mary said that she was broke.
Mary said that she was bored.
Mary said that she was angry.
Mary said that she was alone.
Mary said that she loved Tom.
Mary said that she hated Tom.
Mary said she's still afraid.
Mary said she's proud of Tom.
Mary said she's going to win.
Mary said she's glad you won.
Mary said she's glad to help.
Mary said she's feeling fine.
Mary said she'll talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd wait and see.
Mary said she'd vote for Tom.
Mary said she'd visit Boston.
Mary said she'd probably win.
Mary said she'd love to help.
Mary said she'd look into it.
Mary said she'd like to help.
Mary said she'd go to church.
Mary said she'd go to Boston.
Mary said she'd do that, too.
Mary said she'd do that soon.
Mary said she'd call me back.
Mary said she'd call at 2:30.
Mary said she'd be back soon.
Mary said she'd also do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do it.
Mary said she wouldn't dance.
Mary said she won't marry me.
Mary said she wasn't worried.
Mary said she wasn't thirsty.
Mary said she wasn't so sure.
Mary said she wasn't nervous.
Mary said she wasn't injured.
Mary said she wasn't in pain.
Mary said she wasn't at home.
Mary said she was very upset.
Mary said she was very tired.
Mary said she was very sorry.
Mary said she was very happy.
Mary said she was interested.
Mary said she was having fun.
Mary said she was happy here.
Mary said she was frustrated.
Mary said she was doing fine.
Mary said she wanted to talk.
Mary said she wanted to play.
Mary said she wanted to help.
Mary said she wanted my help.
Mary said she wanted answers.
Mary said she should do that.
Mary said she saw Tom crying.
Mary said she plans on going.
Mary said she owes Tom money.
Mary said she owed Tom money.
Mary said she never hurt Tom.
Mary said she never did that.
Mary said she needed a favor.
Mary said she likes the idea.
Mary said she likes swimming.
Mary said she liked the idea.
Mary said she knew the rules.
Mary said she has to do that.
Mary said she had to do that.
Mary said she had no regrets.
Mary said she had a headache.
Mary said she had a daughter.
Mary said she found her keys.
Mary said she didn't see Tom.
Mary said she didn't do that.
Mary said she did that wrong.
Mary said she couldn't do it.
Mary said she could help Tom.
Mary said it was on her desk.
Mary said her team would win.
Mary said Tom waited for her.
Mary said Tom saved her life.
Mary retired when she was 65.
Mary reported her car stolen.
Mary refused to pay her bill.
Mary quit her job last month.
Mary puts milk in her coffee.
Mary put the book in her bag.
Mary put sugar in her coffee.
Mary put her gun in the safe.
Mary promised to do her best.
Mary promised she'll do that.
Mary promised she'd help Tom.
Mary promised she'd be there.
Mary promised me she'd do it.
Mary plans to sell her house.
Mary pawned her wedding ring.
Mary parked behind her house.
Mary painted her bicycle red.
Mary needs to clean her room.
Mary must be in her thirties.
Mary misses her family a lot.
Mary minded her own business.
Mary might have lost her way.
Mary met Tom on her way home.
Mary may be in over her head.
Mary makes her own decisions.
Mary made herself a sandwich.
Mary made her position clear.
Mary loves me and I love her.
Mary lost her umbrella again.
Mary lost her job last month.
Mary lost her hotel room key.
Mary lost everything she had.
Mary lost control of her car.
Mary looks young for her age.
Mary looks older than she is.
Mary looks like she's sleepy.
Mary looks like she's scared.
Mary looks like she's lonely.
Mary looks like she's hungry.
Mary looks like she's asleep.
Mary looks like she's amused.
Mary looks like she's afraid.
Mary looks good, doesn't she?
Mary looks busy, doesn't she?
Mary looks as if she's angry.
Mary looked like she was mad.
Mary lied to you, didn't she?
Mary lied to protect herself.
Mary let me use her computer.
Mary let Tom play her guitar.
Mary lent her umbrella to me.
Mary lent her bicycle to Tom.
Mary left her ticket at home.
Mary left her hat in my room.
Mary laughs at her own jokes.
Mary laughed until she cried.
Mary knows where she belongs.
Mary knows she has no choice.
Mary knows she has a problem.
Mary knows she can do better.
Mary knows Tom is mad at her.
Mary knew what she was doing.
Mary knew what she had to do.
Mary knew that she'd be late.
Mary knew that she was dying.
Mary knew that she could win.
Mary knew that Tom loved her.
Mary knew she'd have to wait.
Mary knew she was in trouble.
Mary knew she should do that.
Mary knew she had to do that.
Mary knew Tom would help her.
Mary knew Tom was mad at her.
Mary keeps things to herself.
Mary keeps her gun in a safe.
Mary just got her braces off.
Mary just can't help herself.
Mary isn't very busy, is she?
Mary isn't too young, is she?
Mary is with her parents now.
Mary is very tidy, isn't she?
Mary is very tall, isn't she?
Mary is very sure of herself.
Mary is very rude, isn't she?
Mary is very rich, isn't she?
Mary is very late, isn't she?
Mary is very hard on herself.
Mary is very good at her job.
Mary is very fast, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs in her room.
Mary is tenacious, isn't she?
Mary is talkative, isn't she?
Mary is taking off her shoes.
Mary is sure that she'll win.
Mary is sure she can do that.
Mary is still in her pajamas.
Mary is sorry she got caught.
Mary is sleeping in her room.
Mary is shameless, isn't she?
Mary is sensitive, isn't she?
Mary is secretive, isn't she?
Mary is resilient, isn't she?
Mary is quite shy, isn't she?
Mary is quite old, isn't she?
Mary is putting on her shoes.
Mary is probably in her room.
Mary is practical, isn't she?
Mary is packing her suitcase.
Mary is outspoken, isn't she?
Mary is organized, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to Boston.
Mary is on her way back home.
Mary is on her way back here.
Mary is older than she looks.
Mary is obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is obsessive, isn't she?
Mary is observant, isn't she?
Mary is obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is objective, isn't she?
Mary is motivated, isn't she?
Mary is lucky Tom helped her.
Mary is looking for her keys.
Mary is like her grandmother.
Mary is just like her sister.
Mary is in her room sleeping.
Mary is in her late thirties.
Mary is in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is impulsive, isn't she?
Mary is impatient, isn't she?
Mary is going to do her best.
Mary is forgetful, isn't she?
Mary is foolhardy, isn't she?
Mary is exuberant, isn't she?
Mary is energetic, isn't she?
Mary is efficient, isn't she?
Mary is easygoing, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she loves.
Mary is doing all she can do.
Mary is dishonest, isn't she?
Mary is dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is deceitful, isn't she?
Mary is confident, isn't she?
Mary is conceited, isn't she?
Mary is changing her clothes.
Mary is at school, isn't she?
Mary is an expert, isn't she?
Mary is ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of her father.
Mary is active in her church.
Mary is a teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a student, isn't she?
Mary is a redhead, isn't she?
Mary invited me to her party.
Mary invited me to her house.
Mary invited Tom to her home.
Mary intends to kill herself.
Mary hurt herself doing that.
Mary hoped she could do that.
Mary heard Tom call her name.
Mary hates eating by herself.
Mary hasn't changed her mind.
Mary has told me she can win.
Mary has to change her plans.
Mary has tattoos on her arms.
Mary has spent all her money.
Mary has said she'll do that.
Mary has overstayed her visa.
Mary has dyed her hair black.
Mary has called off her trip.
Mary has braces on her teeth.
Mary has been dying her hair.
Mary has a scar on her cheek.
Mary had the room to herself.
Mary had a bruise on her arm.
Mary had Tom do that for her.
Mary got shampoo in her eyes.
Mary got married, didn't she?
Mary got in her car and left.
Mary got home all by herself.
Mary gets anything she wants.
Mary gave her son a drum set.
Mary gave away all her money.
Mary gave Tom her old camera.
Mary fried herself some eggs.
Mary forgot to sign her name.
Mary forgot her own birthday.
Mary expresses herself badly.
Mary eats a lot, doesn't she?
Mary drove her car to Boston.
Mary drives her parents' car.
Mary dressed herself quickly.
Mary does whatever she wants.
Mary does things her own way.
Mary dislocated her shoulder.
Mary didn't take her hat off.
Mary didn't say why she went.
Mary didn't say what she did.
Mary didn't obey her parents.
Mary didn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't know her parents.
Mary didn't do that, did she?
Mary didn't do it by herself.
Mary didn't change her plans.
Mary did the work by herself.
Mary did that until she died.
Mary did that for her sister.
Mary did that for her family.
Mary did that all by herself.
Mary did do that, didn't she?
Mary did all of her homework.
Mary decided to sell her car.
Mary decided to quit her job.
Mary couldn't defend herself.
Mary claimed she's done that.
Mary claimed she wasn't paid.
Mary can't tie her own shoes.
Mary can't do it all herself.
Mary can get home by herself.
Mary can barely pay her rent.
Mary bought herself a ticket.
Mary bought herself a camera.
Mary begged me to let her in.
Mary asked me if I liked her.
Mary asked if she could help.
Mary always gets her own way.
Mary almost lost her balance.
Mary admitted that she cried.
Mary admitted she was scared.
Mary admitted she was guilty.
Mary admitted she was afraid.
Mary admitted she left early.
Mary actually did it herself.
Let Mary read what she wants.
Let Mary have what she wants.
If you ask Mary, she'll help.
If Mary comes, give her this.
I told Mary to take her time.
I told Mary she was a coward.
I think Mary injured herself.
I saw Mary leaving her house.
I saw Mary before she saw me.
I promised Mary I'd help her.
I love Mary and she loves me.
I like Mary, but she's weird.
I know why Mary quit her job.
I hope Mary changes her mind.
I helped Mary unload her van.
I helped Mary clean her room.
I asked Mary why she was sad.
I asked Mary where she lived.
I asked Mary if she was busy.
I asked Mary if she knew Tom.
I asked Mary how she'd do it.
I asked Mary for her address.
How old did Mary say she was?
Give Mary whatever she wants.
Find Mary and bring her home.
Did Mary say what she wanted?
Did Mary say she was worried?
Did Mary really kill herself?
Ask Mary when she'll do that.
Ask Mary to bring her guitar.
When does Mary walk her dog?
When did Mary break her leg?
Tell Mary she has to get up.
Tell Mary I've got her keys.
Tell Mary I'll see her soon.
Tell Mary I want to see her.
Mary's family must miss her.
Mary's dangerous, isn't she?
Mary wrote about her family.
Mary won't let Tom kiss her.
Mary wishes she'd done that.
Mary wished she were taller.
Mary wished she had parents.
Mary whistled as she worked.
Mary went back to her hotel.
Mary wasn't so sure herself.
Mary was with her boyfriend.
Mary was talking to herself.
Mary was sure she could win.
Mary was just doing her job.
Mary was fired from her job.
Mary was ashamed of herself.
Mary was angry with herself.
Mary wanted Tom to love her.
Mary wanted Tom to like her.
Mary wanted Tom to kiss her.
Mary wanted Tom to help her.
Mary wanted Tom to call her.
Mary unbuckled her seatbelt.
Mary turned on her computer.
Mary tried to drown herself.
Mary took off her ski boots.
Mary took a sip of her milk.
Mary told us she could help.
Mary told us about her trip.
Mary told me what she wants.
Mary told me that she's shy.
Mary told me that she'd won.
Mary told me she'd help Tom.
Mary told me she'd call you.
Mary told me she'd be there.
Mary told me she wasn't mad.
Mary told me she was unhurt.
Mary told me she was thirty.
Mary told me she was sleepy.
Mary told me she was single.
Mary told me she was scared.
Mary told me she was lonely.
Mary told me she was hungry.
Mary told me she was afraid.
Mary told me she was a poet.
Mary told me she understood.
Mary told me she liked snow.
Mary told me she liked rain.
Mary told me she left early.
Mary told me she had a plan.
Mary told me she had a cold.
Mary told me she felt tired.
Mary told me she enjoyed it.
Mary told me she didn't win.
Mary told me she didn't cry.
Mary told me she called you.
Mary told me about her trip.
Mary told Tom she'd do that.
Mary told Tom she'd be back.
Mary told Tom she was tired.
Mary told Tom she was sorry.
Mary told Tom she loved him.
Mary told Tom she could win.
Mary tied her dog to a tree.
Mary thinks she's so clever.
Mary thinks she has the flu.
Mary thinks she can do that.
Mary swore she was innocent.
Mary swims well for her age.
Mary still lives by herself.
Mary stepped on her glasses.
Mary stayed with her father.
Mary stayed home by herself.
Mary sold her old car to me.
Mary sold her car last week.
Mary smiled when she saw me.
Mary showed me her schedule.
Mary should help her mother.
Mary should do that herself.
Mary set her alarm for 2:30.
Mary seemed sure of herself.
Mary seemed sad, didn't she?
Mary says that she's lonely.
Mary says that she's hungry.
Mary says that she did that.
Mary says she's very hungry.
Mary says she's ready to go.
Mary says she's not worried.
Mary says she's not thirsty.
Mary says she'll go with us.
Mary says she'll do nothing.
Mary says she'll correct it.
Mary says she'll be careful.
Mary says she'd love to win.
Mary says she'd like to win.
Mary says she won't help us.
Mary says she won't do that.
Mary says she wants to swim.
Mary says she talked to Tom.
Mary says she speaks French.
Mary says she owes Tom $300.
Mary says she misses Boston.
Mary says she met my father.
Mary says she loves us both.
Mary says she isn't worried.
Mary says she isn't thirsty.
Mary says she has no choice.
Mary says she doesn't snore.
Mary says she did just fine.
Mary says she can't do that.
Mary says she can afford it.
Mary saw that she was wrong.
Mary said that she was sick.
Mary said that she was safe.
Mary said that she was rich.
Mary said that she was poor.
Mary said that she was next.
Mary said that she was hurt.
Mary said that she was full.
Mary said that she was free.
Mary said that she was done.
Mary said that she was cold.
Mary said that she was busy.
Mary said that she loved me.
Mary said that she liked me.
Mary said that she did that.
Mary said she's very hungry.
Mary said she's unimpressed.
Mary said she's unconvinced.
Mary said she's sympathetic.
Mary said she's ready to go.
Mary said she's pessimistic.
Mary said she's not worried.
Mary said she's not thirsty.
Mary said she's heartbroken.
Mary said she's embarrassed.
Mary said she's discouraged.
Mary said she'll try to win.
Mary said she'll leave soon.
Mary said she'd write to us.
Mary said she'd wait for us.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd sort it out.
Mary said she'd do it later.
Mary said she wouldn't wait.
Mary said she won't do that.
Mary said she wasn't thirty.
Mary said she wasn't sleepy.
Mary said she wasn't hungry.
Mary said she wasn't coming.
Mary said she was in Boston.
Mary said she was exhausted.
Mary said she was done, too.
Mary said she was at school.
Mary said she was an artist.
Mary said she wanted to win.
Mary said she wanted to cry.
Mary said she owes Tom $300.
Mary said she owed Tom $300.
Mary said she never saw Tom.
Mary said she might not win.
Mary said she might do that.
Mary said she liked my idea.
Mary said she isn't worried.
Mary said she felt the same.
Mary said she felt offended.
Mary said she felt nauseous.
Mary said she didn't get it.
Mary said she did just that.
Mary said she couldn't walk.
Mary said she couldn't wait.
Mary said she could take it.
Mary said she could help us.
Mary said she could do that.
Mary said she can't do that.
Mary said she can handle it.
Mary said she called police.
Mary said she believed that.
Mary said her job was tough.
Mary said her back was sore.
Mary said Tom's dog bit her.
Mary said Tom yelled at her.
Mary said Tom told her that.
Mary rolled her window down.
Mary rolled down her window.
Mary rode away on her horse.
Mary restarted her computer.
Mary regretted what she did.
Mary really knows her stuff.
Mary realized she was wrong.
Mary realized she was alone.
Mary quit her job yesterday.
Mary quit her job last week.
Mary put milk in her coffee.
Mary put her jacket back on.
Mary put her helmet back on.
Mary put her gloves back on.
Mary put her arm around Tom.
Mary promised she'd tell us.
Mary promised she'd help us.
Mary promised she'd do that.
Mary promised me she'd help.
Mary promised me she'd come.
Mary probably dyes her hair.
Mary pretended she was sick.
Mary poured herself a drink.
Mary plans to go by herself.
Mary painted her room white.
Mary often talks to herself.
Mary often plays by herself.
Mary often changes her mind.
Mary now lives with her mom.
Mary now lives with her dad.
Mary never swims by herself.
Mary never raises her voice.
Mary never knew her parents.
Mary needs to wash her face.
Mary named her puppy Cookie.
Mary mostly kept to herself.
Mary might be in her office.
Mary may go home by herself.
Mary may do that on her own.
Mary may do that by herself.
Mary made a fool of herself.
Mary lost her job on Monday.
Mary lost her boarding pass.
Mary looks like she's upset.
Mary looks like she's tired.
Mary looks like she's tense.
Mary looks like she's sorry.
Mary looks like she's ready.
Mary looks like she's happy.
Mary looks like she's drunk.
Mary looks like she's bored.
Mary looks like she's awake.
Mary looks like she's angry.
Mary looks like she's alone.
Mary looks good for her age.
Mary looks after her mother.
Mary looked like she was OK.
Mary looked for her glasses.
Mary lives with her parents.
Mary lived there by herself.
Mary likes to take her time.
Mary likes her school a lot.
Mary likes her coffee black.
Mary let Tom ride her horse.
Mary let Tom read her diary.
Mary lent her camera to Tom.
Mary left her phone at home.
Mary knows what she's doing.
Mary knows that she's right.
Mary knows that she's dying.
Mary knows she's in trouble.
Mary knows she has to do it.
Mary knew that she was safe.
Mary knew that she was lost.
Mary knew she'd be punished.
Mary knew she was in danger.
Mary knew she had no choice.
Mary knew she had a problem.
Mary knew she couldn't stay.
Mary kissed you, didn't she?
Mary killed herself in 2013.
Mary just does what she can.
Mary isn't tall for her age.
Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Mary isn't like her brother.
Mary isn't enjoying herself.
Mary is working at her desk.
Mary is very shy, isn't she?
Mary is very old, isn't she?
Mary is tolerant, isn't she?
Mary is tidying up her room.
Mary is thorough, isn't she?
Mary is talented, isn't she?
Mary is stuck-up, isn't she?
Mary is stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is still in her office.
Mary is spirited, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping in her car.
Mary is sitting at her desk.
Mary is shameful, isn't she?
Mary is sensible, isn't she?
Mary is ruthless, isn't she?
Mary is romantic, isn't she?
Mary is reserved, isn't she?
Mary is renovating her home.
Mary is reliable, isn't she?
Mary is reckless, isn't she?
Mary is reading in her room.
Mary is rational, isn't she?
Mary is punctual, isn't she?
Mary is prepared, isn't she?
Mary is powerful, isn't she?
Mary is positive, isn't she?
Mary is pleasant, isn't she?
Mary is playing in her room.
Mary is pathetic, isn't she?
Mary is outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is obedient, isn't she?
Mary is lying about her age.
Mary is losing her patience.
Mary is looking for her son.
Mary is gullible, isn't she?
Mary is generous, isn't she?
Mary is fine now, isn't she?
Mary is fearless, isn't she?
Mary is eloquent, isn't she?
Mary is discreet, isn't she?
Mary is decorating her room.
Mary is decisive, isn't she?
Mary is creative, isn't she?
Mary is careless, isn't she?
Mary is busy now, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk working.
Mary is arrogant, isn't she?
Mary is annoying, isn't she?
Mary is already at her desk.
Mary is alone in her office.
Mary is a doctor, isn't she?
Mary invited me to her home.
Mary insists she's innocent.
Mary hopes that she can win.
Mary hopes Tom forgives her.
Mary held up her right hand.
Mary hasn't taken her pills.
Mary has to protect herself.
Mary has to change her plan.
Mary has given Tom her cold.
Mary has canceled her party.
Mary has a scar on her face.
Mary has a scar on her chin.
Mary has a car, doesn't she?
Mary had to cancel her trip.
Mary had her hair cut short.
Mary had a pack on her back.
Mary had a cramp in her leg.
Mary got the job she wanted.
Mary got rid of her old car.
Mary got her tongue pierced.
Mary got her teeth whitened.
Mary got her hearing tested.
Mary got fired from her job.
Mary gave her old car to me.
Mary gave her cat some milk.
Mary gave Tom all her money.
Mary forgot to pay her rent.
Mary forgot to lock her car.
Mary forgot her appointment.
Mary folded up her umbrella.
Mary finally found her keys.
Mary fell and hurt her knee.
Mary fell and hurt her hand.
Mary fell and broke her arm.
Mary fastened her seat belt.
Mary failed her French test.
Mary explained her decision.
Mary ended up going herself.
Mary eats lunch at her desk.
Mary dropped her flashlight.
Mary dropped her coffee cup.
Mary drank her orange juice.
Mary doesn't share her food.
Mary doesn't care, does she?
Mary does that, doesn't she?
Mary didn't touch her lunch.
Mary didn't suffer, did she?
Mary didn't do that herself.
Mary didn't do her homework.
Mary didn't change her mind.
Mary did what she should do.
Mary did what she had to do.
Mary did the best she could.
Mary did all that she could.
Mary cried herself to sleep.
Mary couldn't find her keys.
Mary could've saved herself.
Mary could be in her office.
Mary claims that she's rich.
Mary claims she's done that.
Mary claims she can do that.
Mary claimed she left early.
Mary changes her mind a lot.
Mary can't do that, can she?
Mary can say what she wants.
Mary can leave if she wants.
Mary can go if she wants to.
Mary can do that, can't she?
Mary can do that on her own.
Mary can do that by herself.
Mary can do it if she tries.
Mary broke both of her legs.
Mary broke both of her arms.
Mary bought what she wanted.
Mary bought what she needed.
Mary begged Tom to help her.
Mary admitted she was wrong.
Mary admitted she does that.
Mary admits she's done that.
Let Mary go home by herself.
Let Mary eat what she wants.
Let Mary do that by herself.
Let Mary decide for herself.
Let Mary buy what she wants.
Is Mary still in her office?
Is Mary lying about her age?
I'm sure Mary is on her way.
I thought her name was Mary.
I think Mary killed herself.
I think Mary blames herself.
I thanked Mary for her time.
I saw Mary hiding her money.
I helped Mary with her work.
I gave Mary what she wanted.
I asked Mary why she did it.
I asked Mary what she meant.
Has Mary found her keys yet?
Give Mary what she asks for.
Get Mary whatever she wants.
Don't let Mary hurt herself.
Did Mary say she'd help Tom?
Did Mary say she left early?
Did Mary say she drank that?
Did Mary say how she did it?
Did Mary drive herself home?
Did Mary do that on her own?
Did Mary do that by herself?
Can Mary drive herself home?
Ask Mary when she gets back.
Ask Mary what her plans are.
Ask Mary if she wants to go.
Ask Mary if she can do that.
What did Mary say she lost?
Tell Mary to take her time.
Tell Mary that she's wrong.
Tell Mary she has to leave.
Please let Mary do her job.
Mary's father punished her.
Mary won't do that herself.
Mary won't change her mind.
Mary will be OK, won't she?
Mary went there by herself.
Mary went into her bedroom.
Mary went back to her seat.
Mary went back to her room.
Mary went back to her dorm.
Mary went back to her desk.
Mary wasn't there, was she?
Mary wasn't in her bedroom.
Mary was there, wasn't she?
Mary was the name she used.
Mary was right, wasn't she?
Mary was lying on her back.
Mary was in her bed asleep.
Mary was defending herself.
Mary was cleaning her room.
Mary wants to sell her car.
Mary wants to kill herself.
Mary wants to dye her hair.
Mary wants Tom to help her.
Mary unpacked her suitcase.
Mary unlocked her suitcase.
Mary unbuttoned her jacket.
Mary turned her blinker on.
Mary trusted her instincts.
Mary tried to kill herself.
Mary took what wasn't hers.
Mary took out her passport.
Mary took off her raincoat.
Mary took off her overcoat.
Mary took off her name tag.
Mary told us what she knew.
Mary told us she'd do that.
Mary told us about her day.
Mary told me she'd help us.
Mary told me she'd help me.
Mary told me she'd do that.
Mary told me she'd call me.
Mary told me she'd be late.
Mary told me she'd be here.
Mary told me she'd be back.
Mary told me she was wrong.
Mary told me she was upset.
Mary told me she was tired.
Mary told me she was sorry.
Mary told me she was ready.
Mary told me she was happy.
Mary told me she was dying.
Mary told me she was drunk.
Mary told me she was broke.
Mary told me she was bored.
Mary told me she was angry.
Mary told me she was alone.
Mary told me she should go.
Mary told me she loved Tom.
Mary told me she liked Tom.
Mary told me she knows Tom.
Mary told me she had to go.
Mary told me she felt weak.
Mary told me she felt sick.
Mary told me she felt safe.
Mary told me she felt fine.
Mary told me she felt cold.
Mary told me she disagreed.
Mary told me about her dog.
Mary told Tom she was busy.
Mary told Tom she did that.
Mary thought she'd be late.
Mary thought she was dying.
Mary thought she was alone.
Mary thought she could win.
Mary thinks she's a genius.
Mary taught herself French.
Mary talked about her trip.
Mary takes care of herself.
Mary swears she's innocent.
Mary still has her coat on.
Mary sold all her property.
Mary showed Tom her tattoo.
Mary showed Tom her garden.
Mary should clean her room.
Mary should be in her room.
Mary seldom uses her phone.
Mary says that she's tired.
Mary says that she's happy.
Mary says that she'll wait.
Mary says she's not sleepy.
Mary says she's not hungry.
Mary says she's not guilty.
Mary says she's not coming.
Mary says she's interested.
Mary says she's having fun.
Mary says she's got a cold.
Mary says she's feeling OK.
Mary says she's doing that.
Mary says she's busy today.
Mary says she was confused.
Mary says she lost her key.
Mary says she isn't sleepy.
Mary says she isn't hungry.
Mary says she isn't afraid.
Mary says she has no vices.
Mary says she doesn't swim.
Mary says she doesn't mind.
Mary says she doesn't know.
Mary says she didn't do it.
Mary sang while she worked.
Mary sang her son to sleep.
Mary said that she's sorry.
Mary said that she'd do it.
Mary said that she was sad.
Mary said that she was mad.
Mary said that Tom hit her.
Mary said she's very tired.
Mary said she's very happy.
Mary said she's unemployed.
Mary said she's suspicious.
Mary said she's supportive.
Mary said she's optimistic.
Mary said she's not sleepy.
Mary said she's not hungry.
Mary said she's interested.
Mary said she's frustrated.
Mary said she's frightened.
Mary said she's displeased.
Mary said she'd try to win.
Mary said she'd look at it.
Mary said she wasn't upset.
Mary said she wasn't tired.
Mary said she wasn't sorry.
Mary said she wasn't happy.
Mary said she wasn't bored.
Mary said she wasn't angry.
Mary said she was worn out.
Mary said she was starving.
Mary said she was retiring.
Mary said she was mistaken.
Mary said she was finished.
Mary said she was confused.
Mary said she was Canadian.
Mary said she wants to win.
Mary said she wanted to go.
Mary said she tried to win.
Mary said she needed money.
Mary said she knew who won.
Mary said she isn't thirty.
Mary said she isn't sleepy.
Mary said she isn't hungry.
Mary said she had to leave.
Mary said she had no vices.
Mary said she had no money.
Mary said she felt seasick.
Mary said she feels strong.
Mary said she feels better.
Mary said she doesn't know.
Mary said she didn't smoke.
Mary said she didn't do it.
Mary said she didn't agree.
Mary said she did it wrong.
Mary said she could fix it.
Mary said she believes Tom.
Mary said she believed Tom.
Mary said she ate too much.
Mary said it was her fault.
Mary said her bus was late.
Mary rolled up her sleeves.
Mary repeated her question.
Mary really enjoys her job.
Mary reads to her daughter.
Mary rarely uses her phone.
Mary raised her right hand.
Mary put on her sunglasses.
Mary put on her ice skates.
Mary put on her headphones.
Mary put her sunglasses on.
Mary put her shoes back on.
Mary put her notebook away.
Mary put her boots back on.
Mary put down her suitcase.
Mary put away her notebook.
Mary punished her children.
Mary pulled off her gloves.
Mary never locks her doors.
Mary never forgave herself.
Mary never doubted herself.
Mary needs Tom to help her.
Mary mixed herself a drink.
Mary might change her mind.
Mary may have lost her way.
Mary may do what she wants.
Mary lost her wedding ring.
Mary lost her job recently.
Mary lost her favorite cap.
Mary lost all of her money.
Mary looks old for her age.
Mary looks like she's sick.
Mary looks like she's hurt.
Mary looks like she's fine.
Mary looks like she's done.
Mary looks like she's cold.
Mary looks like she's busy.
Mary looks like her sister.
Mary looked under her seat.
Mary lives with her mother.
Mary lives with her father.
Mary lives with her family.
Mary lied about her weight.
Mary let me borrow her car.
Mary let Tom use her phone.
Mary let Tom drive her car.
Mary left her kids at home.
Mary left her keys with me.
Mary left her dog with Tom.
Mary left her car unlocked.
Mary knew she wouldn't win.
Mary knew she had to leave.
Mary knew she couldn't win.
Mary just changed her mind.
Mary isn't serious, is she?
Mary isn't like her sister.
Mary isn't leaving, is she?
Mary isn't at home, is she?
Mary is with her boyfriend.
Mary is winning, isn't she?
Mary is wealthy, isn't she?
Mary is unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is the one, isn't she?
Mary is talking to herself.
Mary is still in her teens.
Mary is special, isn't she?
Mary is so full of herself.
Mary is sincere, isn't she?
Mary is serious, isn't she?
Mary is selfish, isn't she?
Mary is retired, isn't she?
Mary is protecting herself.
Mary is popular, isn't she?
Mary is perfect, isn't she?
Mary is patient, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to work.
Mary is on her lunch break.
Mary is nervous, isn't she?
Mary is married, isn't she?
Mary is leaving, isn't she?
Mary is just doing her job.
Mary is just being herself.
Mary is jealous, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can win.
Mary is helping her father.
Mary is helpful, isn't she?
Mary is healthy, isn't she?
Mary is glad she has a job.
Mary is foolish, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she can.
Mary is doing her homework.
Mary is devious, isn't she?
Mary is cynical, isn't she?
Mary is crying in her room.
Mary is counting her money.
Mary is careful, isn't she?
Mary is brushing her teeth.
Mary is behind in her rent.
Mary is back in her office.
Mary is back from her trip.
Mary is at work, isn't she?
Mary is at home, isn't she?
Mary is asleep in her room.
Mary is anxious, isn't she?
Mary is amusing, isn't she?
Mary hired Tom to help her.
Mary hasn't paid her taxes.
Mary has twisted her ankle.
Mary has scars on her legs.
Mary has scars on her arms.
Mary has lost her umbrella.
Mary has lost her passport.
Mary has lost her car keys.
Mary has just lost her job.
Mary has her own apartment.
Mary has her arm in a cast.
Mary has finished her work.
Mary has done what she can.
Mary has done her homework.
Mary has disgraced herself.
Mary has a scar on her arm.
Mary has a lot on her mind.
Mary handed her pen to Tom.
Mary handed Tom her wallet.
Mary had to clean her room.
Mary had her picture taken.
Mary had her camera stolen.
Mary had dinner by herself.
Mary had a lot on her mind.
Mary got what she deserved.
Mary got what she came for.
Mary got up from her chair.
Mary got her feelings hurt.
Mary got back into her car.
Mary gave me all her money.
Mary gave Tom her notebook.
Mary found what she wanted.
Mary fixed the car herself.
Mary fixed her car herself.
Mary finished her sandwich.
Mary finished her homework.
Mary fell and hurt herself.
Mary fastened her seatbelt.
Mary explained her problem.
Mary does the best she can.
Mary didn't wash her hands.
Mary didn't laugh, did she?
Mary did what she was told.
Mary did it all by herself.
Mary deserved what she got.
Mary crawled under her bed.
Mary couldn't help herself.
Mary couldn't find her son.
Mary could've hurt herself.
Mary could change her mind.
Mary claims she's innocent.
Mary claimed she saw a UFO.
Mary can't find her ticket.
Mary can't do that herself.
Mary can handle it herself.
Mary can do what she wants.
Mary can do what she likes.
Mary came with her parents.
Mary came with her brother.
Mary ate lunch at her desk.
Mary ate dinner by herself.
Mary asked Tom to help her.
Mary always tries her best.
Mary always keeps her word.
Mary admitted she did that.
Let Mary do what she wants.
I'm going to name her Mary.
I think Mary likes her job.
I think Mary dyes her hair.
I know her name isn't Mary.
I helped Mary wash her car.
I helped Mary dye her hair.
I can't believe she's Mary.
I believe her name is Mary.
I asked Mary what she'd do.
I asked Mary if she was OK.
How did Mary break her leg?
Does Mary like her new job?
Did Mary say where she was?
Did Mary say she'd do that?
Did Mary say she'd be busy?
Did Mary say she loved you?
Did Mary break her promise?
Ask Mary if she'll do that.
Ask Mary if she needs help.
Ask Mary if she enjoyed it.
Ask Mary how she's feeling.
Why did Mary quit her job?
Why did Mary kill herself?
When did Mary buy her car?
Tell Mary that I miss her.
Tell Mary that I love her.
Maybe Mary killed herself.
Mary's job keeps her busy.
Mary's coat kept her warm.
Mary zipped up her jacket.
Mary yelled at her mother.
Mary wrote to her parents.
Mary works with her hands.
Mary won't come, will she?
Mary wished she had a dog.
Mary will miss her flight.
Mary will do that herself.
Mary whistled for her dog.
Mary went home by herself.
Mary went back to her car.
Mary wasn't in her office.
Mary wasn't her real name.
Mary wasn't busy, was she?
Mary was hoping she'd win.
Mary was here, wasn't she?
Mary was angry at herself.
Mary wants me on her team.
Mary wants her money back.
Mary walked into her room.
Mary vacuumed her bedroom.
Mary used to love her job.
Mary unplugged her guitar.
Mary unbuttoned her shirt.
Mary turned off her phone.
Mary towel-dried her hair.
Mary took what she wanted.
Mary took off on her bike.
Mary took off her uniform.
Mary took off her sweater.
Mary took off her headset.
Mary took off her goggles.
Mary took off her glasses.
Mary took off her clothes.
Mary took off her T-shirt.
Mary took her goggles off.
Mary took her glasses off.
Mary took her clothes off.
Mary told me what she saw.
Mary told me she'd buy it.
Mary told me she was well.
Mary told me she was sick.
Mary told me she was rich.
Mary told me she was poor.
Mary told me she was fine.
Mary told me she was done.
Mary told me she was cold.
Mary told me she was busy.
Mary told me she told you.
Mary told me she loves me.
Mary told me she loved me.
Mary told me she liked it.
Mary told me she knew you.
Mary told me she knew Tom.
Mary told me she felt hot.
Mary told me she did that.
Mary thought she had time.
Mary thinks she's in love.
Mary thinks she knows why.
Mary talked about herself.
Mary suppressed her anger.
Mary stuck to her promise.
Mary stuck her tongue out.
Mary stood all by herself.
Mary stayed where she was.
Mary sold Tom her old car.
Mary slumped in her chair.
Mary slept in her clothes.
Mary should blame herself.
Mary sent Tom her picture.
Mary says what she thinks.
Mary says that she's busy.
Mary says that she'll win.
Mary says she's very rich.
Mary says she's tone deaf.
Mary says she's not tired.
Mary says she's not happy.
Mary says she's not going.
Mary says she's exhausted.
Mary says she's done that.
Mary says she's depressed.
Mary says she wasn't here.
Mary says she should wait.
Mary says she saw nothing.
Mary says she plans to go.
Mary says she needs a nap.
Mary says she needs a hat.
Mary says she lied to Tom.
Mary says she left a note.
Mary says she isn't tired.
Mary says she isn't happy.
Mary says she isn't angry.
Mary says she can't sleep.
Mary says she can help us.
Mary sat down at her desk.
Mary said that she'd wait.
Mary said that she'd help.
Mary said that she'd come.
Mary said that she was OK.
Mary said she's very busy.
Mary said she's skeptical.
Mary said she's not tired.
Mary said she's not happy.
Mary said she's not alone.
Mary said she's exhausted.
Mary said she's desperate.
Mary said she's depressed.
Mary said she's concerned.
Mary said she'll be there.
Mary said she'd try again.
Mary said she wasn't sure.
Mary said she wasn't sick.
Mary said she wasn't busy.
Mary said she was wounded.
Mary said she was unhappy.
Mary said she was thirsty.
Mary said she was nervous.
Mary said she was at home.
Mary said she was adopted.
Mary said she wants to go.
Mary said she walked home.
Mary said she saw nothing.
Mary said she plans to go.
Mary said she may do that.
Mary said she likes pizza.
Mary said she isn't upset.
Mary said she isn't tired.
Mary said she isn't happy.
Mary said she isn't angry.
Mary said she had to work.
Mary said she had a knife.
Mary said she freaked out.
Mary said she felt strong.
Mary said she felt scared.
Mary said she felt hungry.
Mary said she feels tired.
Mary said she feels great.
Mary said she didn't know.
Mary said she could do it.
Mary said Tom slapped her.
Mary rubbed her sore feet.
Mary rolled up her sleeve.
Mary returned to her room.
Mary respects her parents.
Mary resembles her mother.
Mary removed her disguise.
Mary regrets what she did.
Mary regained her balance.
Mary reached out her hand.
Mary ran back to her room.
Mary put on her snowshoes.
Mary put on her new shoes.
Mary put honey in her tea.
Mary put her coat back on.
Mary pulled out her phone.
Mary pulled off her socks.
Mary pulled off her shoes.
Mary promised she'll wait.
Mary played with her kids.
Mary played with her cats.
Mary packed her things up.
Mary owns her own company.
Mary opened her lunch box.
Mary never washes her car.
Mary never loses her cool.
Mary never locks her door.
Mary neglected her duties.
Mary needs her medication.
Mary named her dog Cookie.
Mary might be in her room.
Mary made herself at home.
Mary lost her hearing aid.
Mary looks like she's sad.
Mary looks like she's mad.
Mary lives all by herself.
Mary let me drive her car.
Mary lent me her umbrella.
Mary lent me her computer.
Mary left her dog at home.
Mary knows what she likes.
Mary knows she needs help.
Mary knew what she wanted.
Mary knew she needed help.
Mary kicked off her shoes.
Mary kept her eyes closed.
Mary keeps her room clean.
Mary isn't so old, is she?
Mary isn't in her bedroom.
Mary is where she belongs.
Mary is washing her hands.
Mary is untidy, isn't she?
Mary is unkind, isn't she?
Mary is tuning her guitar.
Mary is touchy, isn't she?
Mary is sweeping her room.
Mary is strong, isn't she?
Mary is still in her room.
Mary is sneaky, isn't she?
Mary is sleepy, isn't she?
Mary is skinny, isn't she?
Mary is single, isn't she?
Mary is short for her age.
Mary is scared, isn't she?
Mary is proud of her work.
Mary is proud of her team.
Mary is proud of her sons.
Mary is polite, isn't she?
Mary is normal, isn't she?
Mary is modest, isn't she?
Mary is living by herself.
Mary is in her third year.
Mary is hungry, isn't she?
Mary is honest, isn't she?
Mary is her name, I think.
Mary is guilty, isn't she?
Mary is grumpy, isn't she?
Mary is greedy, isn't she?
Mary is driven, isn't she?
Mary is doing all she can.
Mary is direct, isn't she?
Mary is cleaning her room.
Mary is boring, isn't she?
Mary is asleep, isn't she?
Mary is acting on her own.
Mary is OK now, isn't she?
Mary hates her stepfather.
Mary hated her stepfather.
Mary hasn't paid her rent.
Mary has sold her company.
Mary has poisoned herself.
Mary has made up her mind.
Mary has lost her hearing.
Mary has lost her car key.
Mary has kept her promise.
Mary has her own problems.
Mary has done all she can.
Mary has changed her mind.
Mary handed in her report.
Mary handed Tom her phone.
Mary had to go by herself.
Mary had her fortune told.
Mary groaned in her sleep.
Mary got up from her seat.
Mary got up from her desk.
Mary got soap in her eyes.
Mary got her notebook out.
Mary glanced at her watch.
Mary gave Tom her address.
Mary found herself a seat.
Mary finished her dessert.
Mary finally got her wish.
Mary fell off her bicycle.
Mary entered her password.
Mary enjoys what she does.
Mary doesn't look her age.
Mary does what she's told.
Mary died in her thirties.
Mary didn't wash her hair.
Mary didn't pay her share.
Mary didn't open her eyes.
Mary didn't keep her word.
Mary didn't enjoy her job.
Mary didn't eat her salad.
Mary didn't do it herself.
Mary didn't come, did she?
Mary didn't blame herself.
Mary did the work herself.
Mary did that, didn't she?
Mary did that her own way.
Mary did that all herself.
Mary did all she could do.
Mary cracked her knuckles.
Mary contradicted herself.
Mary climbed into her car.
Mary claimed she did that.
Mary chewed on her pencil.
Mary checked her calendar.
Mary chased after her dog.
Mary can't touch her toes.
Mary can't find her watch.
Mary can't find her shoes.
Mary can drive, can't she?
Mary came out of her room.
Mary came here on her own.
Mary came here by herself.
Mary buttoned up her coat.
Mary burned herself badly.
Mary broke her leg skiing.
Mary broke her left wrist.
Mary broke her arm skiing.
Mary bought herself a dog.
Mary believes she's right.
Mary believes she's ready.
Mary believes she can win.
Mary barely ate her lunch.
Mary bandaged her own leg.
Mary always does her best.
Mary admits she does that.
I told Mary she should go.
I think her name was Mary.
I helped Mary to her feet.
I asked Mary for her keys.
Has Mary changed her mind?
Did Mary say she did that?
Ask Mary how she got here.
Tell Mary I can hear her.
Mary's job kept her busy.
Mary will win, won't she?
Mary will sell her house.
Mary went out to her car.
Mary went off by herself.
Mary weighed her options.
Mary was sure of herself.
Mary wanted her own room.
Mary unzipped her jacket.
Mary unclenched her fist.
Mary took off her jacket.
Mary took off her helmet.
Mary took off her gloves.
Mary took her jacket off.
Mary took her helmet off.
Mary took her gloves off.
Mary told me she'd leave.
Mary told me she'd do it.
Mary told me she was sad.
Mary told me she was mad.
Mary told Tom she'd wait.
Mary thinks she can sing.
Mary talked in her sleep.
Mary swore she'd do that.
Mary swam in her clothes.
Mary strummed her guitar.
Mary stared at her hands.
Mary sold me her old car.
Mary sold her car to Tom.
Mary snapped her fingers.
Mary slept in her office.
Mary shut her eyes again.
Mary sent me her picture.
Mary says she's not busy.
Mary says she's homesick.
Mary says she's Canadian.
Mary says she'll do that.
Mary says she won't stay.
Mary says she won't sing.
Mary says she won't come.
Mary says she was hungry.
Mary says she swims well.
Mary says she needs help.
Mary says she kissed Tom.
Mary says she isn't sick.
Mary says she isn't busy.
Mary says she has a plan.
Mary says she feels fine.
Mary says she didn't win.
Mary says she didn't cry.
Mary says she cooks well.
Mary says she can't sing.
Mary says Tom kissed her.
Mary sang all by herself.
Mary said what she meant.
Mary said that she'd win.
Mary said that she cried.
Mary said she's unbiased.
Mary said she's unafraid.
Mary said she's ticklish.
Mary said she's prepared.
Mary said she's not busy.
Mary said she's innocent.
Mary said she's grateful.
Mary said she's confused.
Mary said she's Canadian.
Mary said she'll help us.
Mary said she'll do that.
Mary said she'd help Tom.
Mary said she'd call you.
Mary said she'd been ill.
Mary said she'd be there.
Mary said she wasn't mad.
Mary said she was thirty.
Mary said she was sleepy.
Mary said she was scared.
Mary said she was hungry.
Mary said she was afraid.
Mary said she understood.
Mary said she liked snow.
Mary said she liked rain.
Mary said she isn't sure.
Mary said she isn't sick.
Mary said she isn't busy.
Mary said she had a plan.
Mary said she had a cold.
Mary said she felt tired.
Mary said she felt happy.
Mary said she felt dizzy.
Mary said she feels sick.
Mary said she feels fine.
Mary said she enjoyed it.
Mary said she didn't win.
Mary said Tom kissed her.
Mary said I made her cry.
Mary really hurt herself.
Mary reached for her hat.
Mary ran back to her car.
Mary put up her umbrella.
Mary put on her swimsuit.
Mary put on her seatbelt.
Mary put on her raincoat.
Mary put her wig back on.
Mary put her slippers on.
Mary put her hat back on.
Mary put her cap back on.
Mary put down her racket.
Mary put down her pencil.
Mary promised she'd sing.
Mary played with her dog.
Mary picked up her books.
Mary packed her suitcase.
Mary opened her suitcase.
Mary opened her notebook.
Mary opened her backpack.
Mary never makes her bed.
Mary must behave herself.
Mary misses her daughter.
Mary meant what she said.
Mary means what she says.
Mary may go if she wants.
Mary may do that herself.
Mary made herself get up.
Mary made her sister cry.
Mary loves what she does.
Mary lost her sunglasses.
Mary looks like she's OK.
Mary looked at her watch.
Mary looked at her notes.
Mary looked at her hands.
Mary lives with her aunt.
Mary likes what she does.
Mary likes her job a lot.
Mary lied to her parents.
Mary lent me her bicycle.
Mary lent Tom her camera.
Mary left her bed unmade.
Mary knows she can't win.
Mary knew that she'd win.
Mary kept her mouth shut.
Mary keeps her room tidy.
Mary keeps her car clean.
Mary isn't there, is she?
Mary isn't in her office.
Mary isn't herself today.
Mary isn't her real name.
Mary is young, isn't she?
Mary is wrong, isn't she?
Mary is witty, isn't she?
Mary is with her parents.
Mary is with her friends.
Mary is wasting her time.
Mary is washing her hair.
Mary is training her dog.
Mary is tough, isn't she?
Mary is timid, isn't she?
Mary is tidying her room.
Mary is there, isn't she?
Mary is tall for her age.
Mary is sure she can win.
Mary is smart, isn't she?
Mary is short, isn't she?
Mary is sharp, isn't she?
Mary is savvy, isn't she?
Mary is right, isn't she?
Mary is quiet, isn't she?
Mary is proud of herself.
Mary is proud of her son.
Mary is plump, isn't she?
Mary is petty, isn't she?
Mary is packing her bags.
Mary is obese, isn't she?
Mary is now in her prime.
Mary is nasty, isn't she?
Mary is naive, isn't she?
Mary is moody, isn't she?
Mary is lucky, isn't she?
Mary is loyal, isn't she?
Mary is living her dream.
Mary is happy, isn't she?
Mary is funny, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying herself.
Mary is dying, isn't she?
Mary is deluding herself.
Mary is crazy, isn't she?
Mary is combing her hair.
Mary is cleaning her car.
Mary is bossy, isn't she?
Mary is biting her nails.
Mary is back with her ex.
Mary is angry, isn't she?
Mary is alive, isn't she?
Mary hurt her right hand.
Mary hurt her right foot.
Mary has made her choice.
Mary has injured herself.
Mary has her own bedroom.
Mary handed in her paper.
Mary handed Tom her keys.
Mary had to sell her car.
Mary had her piano tuned.
Mary got what she wanted.
Mary got what she needed.
Mary got home by herself.
Mary got herself a drink.
Mary got her watch fixed.
Mary got her eyes tested.
Mary got back in her car.
Mary got a D on her test.
Mary got Tom to help her.
Mary glanced to her left.
Mary gave me her old car.
Mary gave me her address.
Mary gave her dog a bone.
Mary gave her dog a bath.
Mary gave her cat to Tom.
Mary focused on her work.
Mary fired her secretary.
Mary finished her degree.
Mary finished her coffee.
Mary fell from her horse.
Mary emptied her pockets.
Mary embraced her father.
Mary dyed her hair brown.
Mary dyed her hair black.
Mary does what she wants.
Mary didn't win, did she?
Mary didn't wash her car.
Mary didn't kill herself.
Mary didn't get her wish.
Mary did what she had to.
Mary did that on her own.
Mary did that by herself.
Mary did as she was told.
Mary crossed her fingers.
Mary closed her textbook.
Mary cleaned her glasses.
Mary claims she was busy.
Mary claims she did that.
Mary claims she can swim.
Mary chuckled to herself.
Mary checked her pockets.
Mary changed her clothes.
Mary can't swim, can she?
Mary can't find her keys.
Mary can swim, can't she?
Mary can read, can't she?
Mary can do that herself.
Mary broke her right arm.
Mary broke both her legs.
Mary broke both her arms.
Mary blow-dried her hair.
Mary ate what she wanted.
Mary admitted she'd lied.
Let Mary sing by herself.
Is Mary behaving herself?
I told Mary I'd help her.
Give Mary what she wants.
Give Mary what she needs.
Did Mary do that herself?
Can Mary do that herself?
Ask Mary where she lives.
Ask Mary what she's done.
Ask Mary if she can swim.
Wasn't Mary in her room?
Mary's fussy, isn't she?
Mary zipped up her coat.
Mary won't go, will she?
Mary wiped her forehead.
Mary will paint her car.
Mary went into her room.
Mary went in by herself.
Mary wasn't in her room.
Mary washed her clothes.
Mary was in her bedroom.
Mary was all by herself.
Mary unzipped her pants.
Mary unleashed her dogs.
Mary took off her watch.
Mary took off her socks.
Mary took off her shoes.
Mary took off her boots.
Mary took her socks off.
Mary took her shoes off.
Mary took her boots off.
Mary told me so herself.
Mary told me she'd wait.
Mary told me she'd sing.
Mary told me she'd help.
Mary told me she'd come.
Mary told me she was OK.
Mary told Tom she'd win.
Mary tidied up her room.
Mary thinks she's ready.
Mary thinks she's funny.
Mary thinks she can win.
Mary talks in her sleep.
Mary stayed in her room.
Mary stared at her feet.
Mary sprang to her feet.
Mary sprained her wrist.
Mary sprained her ankle.
Mary spilled her coffee.
Mary sorted her laundry.
Mary sleeps on her back.
Mary showed us her home.
Mary showed me her room.
Mary set her drink down.
Mary set down her spoon.
Mary set down her glass.
Mary scratched her nose.
Mary scratched her head.
Mary says she's unhappy.
Mary says she's thirsty.
Mary says she won't win.
Mary says she won't die.
Mary says she won't cry.
Mary says she was fired.
Mary says she knows you.
Mary says she does that.
Mary says she can't win.
Mary says Tom hired her.
Mary sat all by herself.
Mary said she's unlucky.
Mary said she's unhappy.
Mary said she's thirsty.
Mary said she's starved.
Mary said she's retired.
Mary said she's puzzled.
Mary said she's pleased.
Mary said she's nervous.
Mary said she's jealous.
Mary said she's healthy.
Mary said she's furious.
Mary said she's excited.
Mary said she's curious.
Mary said she's annoyed.
Mary said she'd help us.
Mary said she'd help me.
Mary said she'd do that.
Mary said she'd call me.
Mary said she'd be here.
Mary said she'd be back.
Mary said she won't cry.
Mary said she was wrong.
Mary said she was upset.
Mary said she was tired.
Mary said she was sorry.
Mary said she was ready.
Mary said she was happy.
Mary said she was dying.
Mary said she was drunk.
Mary said she was bored.
Mary said she was angry.
Mary said she should go.
Mary said she might win.
Mary said she might die.
Mary said she might cry.
Mary said she loved Tom.
Mary said she liked Tom.
Mary said she isn't mad.
Mary said she has to go.
Mary said she felt fine.
Mary said she felt cold.
Mary said she disagrees.
Mary rewrote her report.
Mary retraced her steps.
Mary restrained herself.
Mary removed her helmet.
Mary removed her gloves.
Mary refilled her glass.
Mary put on her sweater.
Mary put on her goggles.
Mary put on her glasses.
Mary put on her clothes.
Mary put her sweater on.
Mary put her phone away.
Mary put her goggles on.
Mary put her glasses on.
Mary put her glass down.
Mary put her drink down.
Mary put her clothes on.
Mary put down her spoon.
Mary put down her drink.
Mary pulled off her wig.
Mary picked up her toys.
Mary picked up her keys.
Mary painted it herself.
Mary paid all her bills.
Mary opened her present.
Mary neglected her work.
Mary needs her medicine.
Mary misses her parents.
Mary loves her children.
Mary lost her new watch.
Mary lost her house key.
Mary lost her composure.
Mary lost all her money.
Mary looks half her age.
Mary looked to her left.
Mary looked for her pen.
Mary likes her teachers.
Mary liked what she saw.
Mary licked her fingers.
Mary lent her car to me.
Mary laughed to herself.
Mary laughed at herself.
Mary knew she was wrong.
Mary knew she was right.
Mary kept it to herself.
Mary kept her eyes shut.
Mary kept her eyes open.
Mary jumped to her feet.
Mary isn't what she was.
Mary isn't here, is she?
Mary isn't busy, is she?
Mary is with her mother.
Mary is wise, isn't she?
Mary is waving her arms.
Mary is washing her car.
Mary is walking her dog.
Mary is vain, isn't she?
Mary is ugly, isn't she?
Mary is trying her best.
Mary is tidy, isn't she?
Mary is thin, isn't she?
Mary is tall, isn't she?
Mary is taking her time.
Mary is sane, isn't she?
Mary is safe, isn't she?
Mary is rude, isn't she?
Mary is rich, isn't she?
Mary is poor, isn't she?
Mary is out of her mind.
Mary is on her way over.
Mary is on her way home.
Mary is on her way here.
Mary is on her way back.
Mary is on her deathbed.
Mary is nice, isn't she?
Mary is neat, isn't she?
Mary is mean, isn't she?
Mary is loud, isn't she?
Mary is lazy, isn't she?
Mary is in her thirties.
Mary is in her room now.
Mary is here, isn't she?
Mary is good, isn't she?
Mary is good at her job.
Mary is fooling herself.
Mary is fast, isn't she?
Mary is fanning herself.
Mary is fair, isn't she?
Mary is dead, isn't she?
Mary is cool, isn't she?
Mary is busy, isn't she?
Mary ironed her clothes.
Mary introduced herself.
Mary hung her jacket up.
Mary hid behind her mom.
Mary hid behind her car.
Mary herself helped Tom.
Mary held out her hands.
Mary has what she wants.
Mary has what she needs.
Mary has proven herself.
Mary has lost her voice.
Mary has her hands full.
Mary has hanged herself.
Mary has had her chance.
Mary has given her word.
Mary handed Tom her key.
Mary got out of her car.
Mary got on her bicycle.
Mary frowned to herself.
Mary forgot her sweater.
Mary forgot her glasses.
Mary finished her drink.
Mary fell off her horse.
Mary fell off her chair.
Mary enjoys her classes.
Mary dropped her pencil.
Mary does as she's told.
Mary did what she could.
Mary did it all herself.
Mary counted her change.
Mary could hurt herself.
Mary clenched her teeth.
Mary clenched her fists.
Mary cleared her throat.
Mary can't help herself.
Mary can't find her hat.
Mary can't find her bag.
Mary buttered her toast.
Mary blamed her parents.
Mary answered her phone.
Mary admitted her guilt.
Is her name really Mary?
Is Mary out of her mind?
I told Mary she's crazy.
I told Mary I loved her.
I told Mary I hated her.
Did Mary say she helped?
Tell Mary she can't go.
Mary's coach likes her.
Mary zipped up her bag.
Mary voted for herself.
Mary unzipped her coat.
Mary twisted her ankle.
Mary turned herself in.
Mary took off her pack.
Mary took off her coat.
Mary took her coat off.
Mary took Tom with her.
Mary told me she'd try.
Mary told me she cried.
Mary thinks I love her.
Mary stood on her head.
Mary spilled her drink.
Mary sold all her land.
Mary smiled to herself.
Mary skinned her elbow.
Mary sipped her coffee.
Mary shut her notebook.
Mary sends her regards.
Mary scrubbed her feet.
Mary says she's waited.
Mary says she's sleepy.
Mary says she's hungry.
Mary says she was busy.
Mary says she loves me.
Mary says she likes it.
Mary says she did that.
Mary said she's unhurt.
Mary said she's sleepy.
Mary said she's scared.
Mary said she's lonely.
Mary said she's hungry.
Mary said she's afraid.
Mary said she'd buy it.
Mary said she'd be out.
Mary said she was sick.
Mary said she was busy.
Mary said she told you.
Mary said she may wait.
Mary said she loved me.
Mary said she liked it.
Mary said she knew you.
Mary said she knew Tom.
Mary said she felt hot.
Mary said she did that.
Mary removed her socks.
Mary ran after her dog.
Mary put on her jacket.
Mary put on her helmet.
Mary put on her gloves.
Mary put her jacket on.
Mary put her helmet on.
Mary put her gloves on.
Mary put her fork down.
Mary put her book down.
Mary put away her toys.
Mary played her violin.
Mary phoned her lawyer.
Mary paid off her debt.
Mary padded her resume.
Mary opened her locker.
Mary opened her laptop.
Mary needs her privacy.
Mary mounted her horse.
Mary misses her family.
Mary missed her flight.
Mary missed her chance.
Mary made that herself.
Mary lowered her voice.
