I'd rather stay home tonight.
I would've drowned if you hadn't saved me.
I would've done it if you hadn't stopped me.
I would've died if you hadn't saved me.
I'd like to buy a drink.
I work every day from 9:to 5:00.
I work every day from nine to five.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever see Tom again.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever find out what really happened.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever find out what happened.
I wonder whether we'll ever find out what happened or not.
I wonder whether or not we have to do that.
I wonder whether we have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wants.
I wonder whether or not we could talk Tom into donating some money.
I wonder whether or not we could do that.
I wonder whether we could do that or not.
I wonder whether or not we can get in.
I wonder whether we can get in or not.
I wonder whether or not we can do that.
I wonder whether we can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's parents will allow him to go with us.
I wonder whether Tom's parents will allow him to go with us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's friends would help him.
I wonder whether Tom's friends would help him or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's daughter is pretty.
I wonder whether Tom's daughter is pretty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would teach me French.
I wonder whether Tom would teach me French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would really do something like that.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind helping us tomorrow.
I wonder whether Tom would mind babysitting our children tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind babysitting our kids tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind babysitting our children tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would like to play poker with us.
I wonder whether Tom would like to play poker with us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would let me leave early today.
I wonder whether or not Tom would help us.
I wonder whether Tom would help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would help me with my homework.
I wonder whether or not Tom would ever do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom would do that.
I wonder whether Tom would do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would do that for me.
I wonder whether Tom would do that for me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would be interested in investing in our project.
I wonder whether or not Tom would be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will win.
I wonder whether Tom will win or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will tell the truth.
I wonder whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will tell me to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will tell me to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will talk to Mary.
I wonder whether Tom will talk to Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will sign the contract.
I wonder whether Tom will sign the contract or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will show up tonight.
I wonder whether Tom will show up tonight or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will pass the test.
I wonder whether Tom will pass the test or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will like doing that.
I wonder whether Tom will like doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will like Boston.
I wonder whether Tom will like Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will insist we do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will insist I do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will help us.
I wonder whether Tom will help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will go to Mary's concert.
I wonder whether or not Tom will go to Boston.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will get here on time.
I wonder whether Tom will get here on time or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ever come home.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ever be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will enjoy doing that.
I wonder whether Tom will enjoy doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will do that today.
I wonder whether Tom will do that today or not.
I wonder whether Tom will do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come tonight.
I wonder whether Tom will come tonight or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come tomorrow.
I wonder whether Tom will come tomorrow or not.
I wonder whether Tom will come or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will call me.
I wonder whether Tom will call me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be there.
I wonder whether Tom will be there or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be OK.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be late.
I wonder whether Tom will be late or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be in Boston next year.
I wonder whether Tom will be in Boston next year or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be here today.
I wonder whether Tom will be here today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be early.
I wonder whether Tom will be early or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be at Mary's party.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be at Mary's party tonight.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be all right.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that without any help.
I wonder whether Tom will be able to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I wonder whether Tom will be able to do that by himself or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ask me to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will ask me to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ask for my help.
I wonder whether Tom will ask for my help or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom went to Boston.
I wonder whether Tom went to Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was surprised.
I wonder whether Tom was surprised or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was lying.
I wonder whether Tom was lying or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was late.
I wonder whether Tom was late or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was here yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom was here yesterday or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was fired.
I wonder whether Tom was fired or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was embarrassed.
I wonder whether Tom was embarrassed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was at school today.
I wonder whether or not Tom was at Mary's party.
I wonder whether or not Tom was arrested.
I wonder whether or not Tom was able to do that.
I wonder whether Tom was able to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was able to do that by himself.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wants to sing or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Boston with us or not.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Boston or not.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to do that.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to dance.
I wonder whether Tom wants to dance or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy that for Mary.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy that for Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy one of those.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy one of those or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy a house.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy a house or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy a car.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy a car or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants that.
I wonder whether Tom wants that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants that job.
I wonder whether Tom wants that job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants me to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom wants me to do that today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted us to be here.
I wonder whether Tom wanted us to be here or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to sing or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to do that.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to dance.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to dance or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom turned down that job.
I wonder whether Tom turned down that job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom told Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom told Mary she had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought you had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we should do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought it was a good idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought it was a bad idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought he had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks we need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks we need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks we have to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks we have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary wants to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks I need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks I need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks I have to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks I have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers where we first met.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers me.
I wonder whether Tom still remembers me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers how to swim.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers how to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still lives on Park Street.
I wonder whether or not Tom still lives in Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom still likes Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom still drives the car his grandfather gave him.
I wonder whether or not Tom still does that.
I wonder whether or not Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
I wonder whether or not Tom should really be doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom resigned.
I wonder whether or not Tom regrets what he did.
I wonder whether or not Tom really understood what I meant.
I wonder whether or not Tom really said that.
I wonder whether Tom really said that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom really needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needs that.
I wonder whether Tom really needs that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom really needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really meant what he said.
I wonder whether or not Tom really knows the combination to this safe.
I wonder whether or not Tom really intended to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really enjoys doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really did what Mary said he did.
I wonder whether or not Tom realizes how many hours a day I work.
I wonder whether or not Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom plays tennis.
I wonder whether or not Tom noticed the difference.
I wonder whether or not Tom needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom misses me.
I wonder whether Tom misses me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom might be able to help me.
I wonder whether or not Tom looks like his father.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes me.
I wonder whether Tom likes me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Mary.
I wonder whether Tom likes Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Chinese food.
I wonder whether Tom likes Chinese food or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Boston.
I wonder whether Tom likes Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes beer.
I wonder whether Tom likes beer or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom left early.
I wonder whether Tom left early or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows why Mary was absent from school yesterday.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows who left this package on my desk.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where my umbrella is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where Mary's umbrella is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where Mary lives.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where I can buy what I need.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows what's going to happen.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows what Mary did.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows the combination to this safe.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary can't speak French.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary can't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary is doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary is coming with us.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to speak French.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to speak French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to play the flute.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to play the flute or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how poor Mary really is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how much this means to me.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew you had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew you had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we should do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew Mary needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew Mary had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew it was a bad idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew I needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew I needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew I had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew I had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he should do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is worried.
I wonder whether Tom is worried or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is waiting for us.
I wonder whether Tom is waiting for us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is upset.
I wonder whether Tom is upset or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is up.
I wonder whether Tom is up or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is unmarried.
I wonder whether Tom is unmarried or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is trustworthy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is tired.
I wonder whether Tom is tired or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is ticklish.
I wonder whether Tom is ticklish or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is thirsty.
I wonder whether Tom is thirsty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is telling the truth.
I wonder whether Tom is telling the truth or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sympathetic.
I wonder whether Tom is sympathetic or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is suspicious.
I wonder whether Tom is suspicious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is supposed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is studying French.
I wonder whether Tom is studying French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is strong enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is strong enough to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still staring at me.
I wonder whether Tom is still staring at me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still single.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still hungry.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still busy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is smarter than Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sleepy.
I wonder whether Tom is sleepy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sleeping.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sick.
I wonder whether Tom is sick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is serious.
I wonder whether Tom is serious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is scared.
I wonder whether Tom is scared or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is satisfied.
I wonder whether Tom is satisfied or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is safe.
I wonder whether Tom is safe or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sad.
I wonder whether or not Tom is right.
I wonder whether Tom is right or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is rich.
I wonder whether or not Tom is responsible for what happened.
I wonder whether or not Tom is relieved.
I wonder whether Tom is relieved or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is reliable.
I wonder whether Tom is reliable or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really supposed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really sick.
I wonder whether Tom is really sick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really happy.
I wonder whether Tom is really happy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really as rich as he says he is.
I wonder whether or not Tom is puzzled.
I wonder whether Tom is puzzled or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is prepared to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is prepared to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is prejudiced.
I wonder whether Tom is prejudiced or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is pleased.
I wonder whether Tom is pleased or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is planning to quit his job.
I wonder whether Tom is planning to quit his job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is OK.
I wonder whether Tom is OK or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is nervous.
I wonder whether Tom is nervous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is married.
I wonder whether Tom is married or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is mad.
I wonder whether or not Tom is lonely.
I wonder whether Tom is lonely or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is jealous.
I wonder whether Tom is jealous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is interested.
I wonder whether Tom is interested or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in trouble.
I wonder whether Tom is in trouble or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in Boston.
I wonder whether Tom is in Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in a bad mood.
I wonder whether or not Tom is impressed.
I wonder whether Tom is impressed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is hungry.
I wonder whether Tom is hungry or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is honest.
I wonder whether Tom is honest or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is homesick.
I wonder whether Tom is homesick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is home.
I wonder whether or not Tom is here.
I wonder whether or not Tom is here today.
I wonder whether Tom is here today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is having fun.
I wonder whether Tom is having fun or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is having as much fun as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is happy.
I wonder whether Tom is happy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is happy here.
I wonder whether Tom is happy here or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is guilty.
I wonder whether Tom is guilty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom is going to do that today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to Boston next week.
I wonder whether Tom is going to Boston next week or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going deaf.
I wonder whether Tom is going deaf or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is frightened.
I wonder whether Tom is frightened or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is free this afternoon.
I wonder whether Tom is free this afternoon or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is finished.
I wonder whether Tom is finished or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is feeling OK.
I wonder whether Tom is feeling OK or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is excited.
I wonder whether Tom is excited or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is drunk.
I wonder whether Tom is drunk or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is downstairs.
I wonder whether Tom is downstairs or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is done.
I wonder whether or not Tom is doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I wonder whether or not Tom is doing that now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is disappointed.
I wonder whether Tom is disappointed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is dependable.
I wonder whether Tom is dependable or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is dangerous.
I wonder whether Tom is dangerous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is curious.
I wonder whether Tom is curious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is crazy.
I wonder whether Tom is crazy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is confused.
I wonder whether Tom is confused or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is confident.
I wonder whether Tom is confident or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is colorblind.
I wonder whether Tom is colorblind or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is busy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is busy now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is broke.
I wonder whether Tom is broke or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is bored.
I wonder whether Tom is bored or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is bipolar.
I wonder whether Tom is bipolar or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is biased.
I wonder whether Tom is biased or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is being sarcastic.
I wonder whether Tom is being sarcastic or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is awake.
I wonder whether Tom is awake or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is at home.
I wonder whether Tom is at home or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is asleep.
I wonder whether Tom is asleep or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as stingy as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as old as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as lazy as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as busy as I am.
I wonder whether or not Tom is annoyed.
I wonder whether Tom is annoyed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is angry.
I wonder whether Tom is angry or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is alone.
I wonder whether Tom is alone or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is all right.
I wonder whether Tom is all right or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is alive.
I wonder whether Tom is alive or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is afraid.
I wonder whether Tom is afraid or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is adopted.
I wonder whether Tom is adopted or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is actually in Boston right now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is able to understand French.
I wonder whether Tom is able to understand French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is a vegetarian.
I wonder whether Tom is a vegetarian or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is a picky eater.
I wonder whether Tom is a picky eater or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she should do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary she should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary she has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has studied French.
I wonder whether Tom has studied French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has shown up yet.
I wonder whether Tom has shown up yet or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has seen this movie.
I wonder whether Tom has seen this movie or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has resigned.
I wonder whether Tom has resigned or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has quit his job.
I wonder whether Tom has quit his job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has one I could borrow.
I wonder whether Tom has one I could borrow or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has left.
I wonder whether Tom has left or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has left Boston.
I wonder whether Tom has left Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever told Mary about what we did on that day.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever slept on a park bench.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered going to a specialist.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered cycling to work.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered buying a smaller car.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever been to Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she got fired.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she dropped out of school.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that yet.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that before.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that already.
I wonder whether or not Tom has been hurt.
I wonder whether Tom has been hurt or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has another one.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already thought of that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already left.
I wonder whether Tom has already left or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a rope ladder.
I wonder whether Tom has a rope ladder or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a girlfriend.
I wonder whether Tom has a girlfriend or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a driver's license.
I wonder whether Tom has a driver's license or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom found anything.
I wonder whether Tom found anything or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever works on Sunday.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever gives Mary flowers.
I wonder whether Tom ever gives Mary flowers or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever does that.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever cries.
I wonder whether or not Tom enjoys doing that.
I wonder whether Tom enjoys doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom drinks.
I wonder whether Tom drinks or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom did what he said he'd do.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom did that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that last night.
I wonder whether Tom did that last night or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could talk Mary into helping us tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help us.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help us solve this problem.
I wonder whether Tom could help us solve this problem or not.
I wonder whether Tom could help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help me.
I wonder whether Tom could help me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could do that.
I wonder whether Tom could do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could do anything to help.
I wonder whether or not Tom could be persuaded to teach my children French.
I wonder whether or not Tom can understand French.
I wonder whether or not Tom can swim.
I wonder whether Tom can swim or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.
I wonder whether Tom can speak French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can sing as well as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom can help us.
I wonder whether Tom can help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can hear us.
I wonder whether Tom can hear us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can do what we've asked.
I wonder whether or not Tom can do that.
I wonder whether Tom can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can come.
I wonder whether Tom can come or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can be trusted.
I wonder whether Tom can be trusted or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can babysit for us tonight.
I wonder whether or not Tom bought that house on Park Street he was looking at last week.
I wonder whether or not Tom asked Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom asked Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary will get married.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary will get divorced.
I wonder whether or not this water is drinkable.
I wonder whether or not this restaurant has Chilean wine.
I wonder whether or not this really works.
I wonder whether or not this milk is still good.
I wonder whether or not this is worth the price they're asking.
I wonder whether or not this is some sort of scam.
I wonder whether or not this is really worth doing.
I wonder whether or not this is really true.
I wonder whether or not this is really necessary.
I wonder whether or not there's any possibility that Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not there's any cheese left in the refrigerator.
I wonder whether or not there's a market for something like that.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance Tom will help us.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not there'll be more snow this year than last year.
I wonder whether or not there really is a Santa Claus.
I wonder whether or not the weather will hold.
I wonder whether or not the weather will be good tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not the plane will arrive on time.
I wonder whether or not that's true.
I wonder whether that's true or not.
I wonder whether or not that was really the right thing to do.
I wonder whether or not that could happen again.
I wonder whether or not life exists on other planets.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that by yourself.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to camp here.
I wonder whether or not it's OK to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's OK to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's dangerous to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's dangerous to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's all right to do that.
I wonder whether or not it'll snow tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll rain tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll be hot tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll be cold tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not I should tell Tom the truth.
I wonder whether or not I should talk to Tom about that.
I wonder whether or not I should really become a teacher.
I wonder whether or not I should get one of those.
I wonder whether or not I should do that.
I wonder whether or not I should do that, too.
I wonder whether I should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I should call the police.
I wonder whether I should call the police or not.
I wonder whether or not I really need to do that.
I wonder whether I really need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I need to do that.
I wonder whether I need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I have to do that.
I wonder whether I have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I can learn how to do that in three hours.
I wonder whether or not I can do that.
I wonder whether I can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I can do that again.
I wonder whether I can do that again or not.
I wish you'd told me this earlier.
I wish I'd done this earlier.
I wasn't at all surprised.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everyone else wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everybody else wanted to do.
I was in Boston for almost the whole summer.
I was in Boston almost all summer.
I was in Boston for almost the entire summer.
I want you to find out if Tom is planning on coming here by himself.
I traveled around Australia on my own.
I traveled around Australia by myself.
I told Tom that he should stop telling everybody that he could speak French.
I thought you said you didn't know anyone in Boston.
I thought you said you didn't know anybody in Boston.
I thought you might like to know that Tom isn't planning to come.
I thought you knew both Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were both allergic to peanuts.
I thought Tom was planning to stay for a month.
I thought Tom said he wasn't planning on staying.
I thought that both Tom and Mary were single.
I thought that Tom and Mary were both single.
I thought both Tom and Mary were under thirty.
I thought Tom and Mary were both under thirty.
I thought both Tom and Mary were still single.
I thought Tom and Mary were both still single.
I thought both Tom and Mary were over thirty.
I thought Tom and Mary were both over thirty.
I thought both Tom and Mary were going to hit me.
I thought Tom and Mary were both going to hit me.
I thought both Tom and Mary were going to Harvard.
I thought Tom and Mary were both going to Harvard.
I think both of you know Tom.
I think Tom ought to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom should buy some new clothes.
I think Tom is likely to like this movie.
I think Tom will likely like this movie.
I think Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
I think Tom will likely leave tomorrow.
I think Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I think Tom will likely know how to do that.
I think Tom is likely to do that later.
I think Tom is likely to be there tonight.
I think Tom will likely be there tonight.
I think Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
I think Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I think Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I think Tom will likely be able to do that.
I think that perhaps both Tom and Mary have forgotten how to do that.
I think that perhaps Tom and Mary have both forgotten how to do that.
I think it was Tom who may have done that.
I think it was Tom who might have done that.
I think everyone should visit at least one other country.
I think everybody should visit at least one other country.
I think everyone needs to do that.
I think everybody needs to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to be told not to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have the ability to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have never done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have both never been to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary have been suspended.
I think Tom and Mary have both been suspended.
I think both Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have both already agreed to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have a drinking problem.
I think Tom and Mary both have a drinking problem.
I think both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
I thin Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I think both Tom and Mary are trying to lose weight.
I think Tom and Mary are both trying to lose weight.
I think both Tom and Mary are ticklish.
I think Tom and Mary are both ticklish.
I think both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
I think Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
I think both Tom and Mary are stuck-up.
I think Tom and Mary both are stuck-up.
I think both Tom and Mary are still single.
I think Tom and Mary are both still single.
I think both Tom and Mary are still in prison.
I think Tom and Mary are both still in prison.
I think both Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I think Tom and Mary are both still homesick.
I think both Tom and Mary are retired.
I think Tom and Mary are both retired.
I think both Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to get fired.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be doing that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be busy tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary are finicky.
I think Tom and Mary are both finicky.
I think both Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I think Tom and Mary are both difficult to get along with.
I think both Tom and Mary are confused.
I think Tom and Mary are both confused.
I think both Tom and Mary are bipolar.
I think Tom and Mary are both bipolar.
I think both Tom and Mary are ambidextrous.
I think Tom and Mary are both ambidextrous.
I suppose both Tom and Mary have changed a great deal.
I suppose Tom and Mary have both changed a great deal.
I should've read the insurance policy more carefully.
I should've quit smoking years ago.
I should've married your sister.
I should study tonight, but I'm tired so I'm going to bed.
I ought to study tonight, but I'm tired so I'm going to bed.
I sat down on the couch next to Tom.
I sat down on the sofa next to Tom.
I played tennis yesterday afternoon with Tom.
I played tennis with Tom yesterday afternoon.
I plan to read a book on the plane.
I plan on reading a book on the plane.
I plan to discuss that problem with Tom.
I plan on discussing that problem with Tom.
I never let anybody come into my apartment.
I need to know when you're planning to do that.
I need to know when you're planning on doing that.
I need somebody to help me do this.
I met someone who knows you.
I met somebody who knows you.
I made Tom promise that he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise that he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
I made Tom promise me that he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise me that he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
I let Tom do anything he wants.
I let Tom do anything he wants to do.
I know Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I know Tom is planning on being there.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I know that both Tom and Mary have spent time in prison.
I know that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I know that both Tom and Mary have never done that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I know that both Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been injured.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I know that both Tom and Mary are single.
I know that Tom and Mary are both single.
I know that both Tom and Mary are retired.
I know that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I know that both Tom and Mary are lonely.
I know that Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I know both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I know both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I know both Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I know both Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
I know Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I hope you weren't in my room again.
I hope nobody steals my stuff.
I hope nobody breaks into my house.
I hope nobody breaks into my apartment.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both died.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have died.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been hospitalized.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been hospitalized.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been fired.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been fired.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I hear that both Tom and Mary have dropped out of school.
I hear that Tom and Mary have both dropped out of school.
I hear that both Tom and Mary are planning to retire in October.
I hear that Tom and Mary are both planning to retire in October.
I haven't yet told anyone else.
I haven't told anybody else yet.
I haven't told anyone else yet.
I haven't yet told anybody else.
I had lunch three hours ago.
I ate lunch three hours ago.
I got someone to help me move the piano.
I got somebody to help me move the piano.
I got someone to help me do that.
I got somebody to help me do that.
I get lonely when there's no one to talk to.
I get lonely when there's nobody to talk to.
I gave Tom all the money that I had.
I don't yet have a present for Tom.
I don't have a present for Tom yet.
I don't want to be here any more than you.
I don't think Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried doing that.
I don't like my wife calling me at work.
I don't like my wife to call me at work.
I don't know who Tom plans on going to the zoo with.
I don't know anyone I can practice speaking French with.
I don't know anybody I can practice speaking French with.
I don't have a shovel, but I know someone who does.
I don't have a shovel, but I know somebody who does.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know someone who does.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know somebody who does.
I didn't know that both Tom and Mary were still in prison.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were both still in prison.
I did it because everybody else did.
I can't possibly do that without someone's help.
I can't possibly do that without somebody's help.
I can't possibly do that alone.
I can't believe Tom is really planning on doing that.
I can't believe both Tom and Mary are still single.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are both still single.
I brought you some candy.
I brought some candy for you.
I baked Tom some cookies.
I baked Tom some brownies.
I baked some brownies for Tom.
I ate dinner an hour ago.
I had dinner an hour ago.
I asked Tom to throw the keys to me.
I asked Tom to throw me the keys.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught swimming.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught French.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who could teach my children French.
Have you ever talked to anyone about this?
Have you ever talked to anybody about this?
Have you discussed this with anybody?
Have you been in contact with Tom lately?
Have you been in contact with Tom recently?
Has Tom started his new job yet?
Has Tom already started his new job?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened that day?
Hardly anyone likes Tom.
Hardly anybody likes Tom.
Except for Tom, everyone did that.
Except for Tom, everybody did that.
Everyone went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everybody went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everyone was late except me.
Everyone was late but me.
Everybody was late except me.
Everybody was late but me.
Everyone warned me about Tom.
Everybody warned me about Tom.
Everybody knows Tom is lying.
Everyone knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Everyone is sleeping.
Everyone is asleep.
Everyone in town knows who Tom is.
Everyone else does it, too.
Everybody else does it, too.
Everybody dies sooner or later.
Everybody did that, except Tom.
Everyone came to the party, except Tom.
Everybody came to the party, except Tom.
Don't tell anyone where Tom is.
Does Tom live alone?
Does Tom live by himself?
Does anybody know why Tom isn't here?
Do you think that both Tom and Mary have lost weight?
Do you think that Tom and Mary have both lost weight?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have put on weight?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both put on weight?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have already left?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both already left?
Do you have any idea when Tom is planning to get here?
Do you both know Tom?
Did you know that Tom was planning to move to Boston?
Did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary have spent time in prison?
Did you know that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary have houses on Park Street?
Did you know that Tom and Mary both have houses on Park Street?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary are blind in one eye?
Did you know that Tom and Mary are both blind in one eye?
Did both you and Tom like the movie?
Did you and Tom both like the movie?
Did both Tom and Mary have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary both have to do that?
Did anybody tell Tom what time he was supposed to be here?
Did anyone tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Did anybody tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Could somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Can somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Can anyone tell me why Tom isn't here?
Both Tom and Mary have played the piano since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary have both played the piano since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary are much thinner than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are both much thinner than they used to be.
Both Tom and Mary would really like to go to your party.
Tom and Mary would both really like to go to your party.
Both Tom and Mary would like to do that.
Tom and Mary would both like to do that.
Both Tom and Mary would like that.
Both Tom and Mary worked in supermarkets while they were in college.
Tom and Mary both worked in supermarkets while they were in college.
Both Tom and Mary work.
Both Tom and Mary work only three days a week.
Tom and Mary both work only three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary work in Boston.
Tom and Mary both work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary work full time.
Tom and Mary both work full time.
Both Tom and Mary work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and Mary work at night.
Tom and Mary both work at night.
Both Tom and Mary wished they were still single.
Tom and Mary both wished they were still single.
Both Tom and Mary will go.
Tom and Mary will both go.
Both Tom and Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary will both do that tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary will be busy this afternoon.
Tom and Mary will both be busy this afternoon.
Both Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary were both wrong.
Both Tom and Mary were wounded.
Both Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary were both worried.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing black coats.
Tom and Mary were both wearing black coats.
Both Tom and Mary were very tired.
Tom and Mary were both very tired.
Both Tom and Mary were very thirsty.
Tom and Mary were both very thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were very sleepy.
Tom and Mary were both very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were kids.
Tom and Mary were both very skinny when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were children.
Tom and Mary were both very skinny when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary were very hungry.
Tom and Mary were both very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary were both tired.
Both Tom and Mary were thirsty.
Tom and Mary were both thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary were both there.
Both Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a while.
Tom and Mary were both silent for a while.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a long time.
Tom and Mary were both silent for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary were shocked.
Tom and Mary were both shocked.
Both Tom and Mary were scared.
Both Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary were both right.
Both Tom and Mary were really drunk.
Tom and Mary were both really drunk.
Both Tom and Mary were quite good-looking when they were young.
Tom and Mary were both quite good-looking when they were young.
Both Tom and Mary were quiet.
Tom and Mary were both quiet.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy yesterday.
Tom and Mary were both pretty busy yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy this morning.
Tom and Mary were both pretty busy this morning.
Both Tom and Mary were overweight when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary were both overweight when they were teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary were not at home when we went to visit them.
Tom and Mary were both not at home when we went to visit them.
Both Tom and Mary were making good money.
Tom and Mary were both making good money.
Both Tom and Mary were laughing.
Tom and Mary were both laughing.
Both Tom and Mary were invited.
Tom and Mary were both invited.
Both Tom and Mary were in the library.
Tom and Mary were both in the library.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary were both in Boston last week.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston all last summer.
Tom and Mary were both in Boston all last summer.
Both Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary were both hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Tom and Mary were both here yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were happy in Boston.
Tom and Mary were both happy in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary were grinning.
Tom and Mary were both grinning.
Both Tom and Mary were fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Tom and Mary were both fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Both Tom and Mary were exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary were drunk last night when I saw them.
Tom and Mary were both drunk last night when I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary were dirty.
Tom and Mary were both dirty.
Both Tom and Mary were crying.
Both Tom and Mary were confused.
Both Tom and Mary were busy at that time.
Tom and Mary were both busy at that time.
Both Tom and Mary were at the meeting.
Tom and Mary were both at the meeting.
Both Tom and Mary were at home last night.
Tom and Mary were both at home last night.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary were both asleep.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and Mary were almost killed.
Tom and Mary were both almost killed.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid to jump off the diving board.
Tom and Mary were both afraid to jump off the diving board.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid of John's dog.
Tom and Mary were both afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary were both absent.
Both Tom and Mary were absent from school all last week.
Tom and Mary were both absent from school all last week.
Both Tom and Mary were a little confused.
Tom and Mary were both a little confused.
Tom and Mary both went to the concert.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to go.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary both wanted to do that.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to be plumbers.
Tom and Mary both wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and Mary want to study French.
Tom and Mary both want to study French.
Both Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston for another week.
Tom and Mary both want to stay in Boston for another week.
Both Tom and Mary want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to fly an airplane.
Tom and Mary both want to learn how to fly an airplane.
Both Tom and Mary want to know why that happened.
Tom and Mary both want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to go.
Both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary want to go home.
Tom and Mary both want to go home.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that now.
Tom and Mary both want to do that now.
Both Tom and Mary want the same thing.
Tom and Mary both want the same thing.
Both Tom and Mary want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary both want me to help them with their homework.
Both Tom and Mary want it.
Tom and Mary both want it.
Both Tom and Mary used to live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary both used to live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary turned to look at John.
Tom and Mary both turned to look at John.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to watch.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to see what was happening.
Tom and Mary both turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and Mary turned and looked at John.
Tom and Mary both turned and looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let them.
Tom and Mary both tried to kiss me, but I didn't let them.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they were single.
Tom and Mary both told me that they were single.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to stay single.
Tom and Mary both told me that they wanted to stay single.
Both Tom and Mary thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary both thought you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary teach French.
Both Tom and Mary talk in their sleep.
Tom and Mary both talk in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary stopped eating.
Both Tom and Mary stood up.
Both Tom and Mary started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing.
Tom and Mary both started laughing.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing at the same time.
Tom and Mary both started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary stared at John.
Both Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary both speak French.
Both Tom and Mary smiled.
Both Tom and Mary slipped and fell as they were going down the stairs.
Tom and Mary both slipped and fell as they were going down the stairs.
Both Tom and Mary skipped class.
Tom and Mary both skipped class.
Both Tom and Mary sing quite well.
Tom and Mary both sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary should've stayed awake.
Both Tom and Mary should've left early.
Tom and Mary both should've left early.
Both Tom and Mary should've left earlier.
Tom and Mary both should've left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should've known better.
Tom and Mary both should've known better.
Both Tom and Mary should've done that.
Tom and Mary both should've done that.
Both Tom and Mary should go.
Tom and Mary should both go.
Both Tom and Mary should get some sleep.
Tom and Mary should both get some sleep.
Both Tom and Mary set their alarms for 2:30.
Tom and Mary both set their alarms for 2:30.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be tired.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be tired.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be happy.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be happy.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be busy.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be busy.
Both Tom and Mary screamed.
Both Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom and Mary both say they want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Both Tom and Mary say they don't think they snore.
Tom and Mary both say they don't think they snore.
Both Tom and Mary saw you.
Tom and Mary both saw you.
Both Tom and Mary saw John.
Tom and Mary both saw John.
Both Tom and Mary saw it.
Tom and Mary both saw it.
Both Tom and Mary sat down.
Tom and Mary both sat down.
Both Tom and Mary sat back down.
Both Tom and Mary said yes.
Both Tom and Mary said they were too young to vote.
Tom and Mary both said they were too young to vote.
Both Tom and Mary said they were hungry.
Tom and Mary both said they were hungry.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't ticklish.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't ticklish.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't single.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't single.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in archery.
Tom and Mary both said that they were very interested in archery.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were going to be late.
Tom and Mary both said that they were going to be late.
Both Tom and Mary said that they thought that it might rain.
Tom and Mary both said that they thought that it might rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they needed to go home early.
Tom and Mary both said that they needed to go home early.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might be late tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they might be late tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had fun at your party.
Tom and Mary both said that they had fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom and Mary both said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't think it would rain.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't think it would rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't know what to do.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't expect that to happen.
Both Tom and Mary said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom and Mary both said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Both Tom and Mary said that they could make it to the party.
Tom and Mary both said that they could make it to the party.
Both Tom and Mary said no.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were 65.
Tom and Mary both retired when they were 65.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were years old.
Tom and Mary both retired when they were years old.
Both Tom and Mary retired from the company when they turned 65.
Tom and Mary both retired from the company when they turned 65.
Both Tom and Mary relaxed.
Both Tom and Mary reached the same conclusion.
Tom and Mary both reached the same conclusion.
Both Tom and Mary ran for class president.
Both Tom and Mary pretended nothing had happened.
Tom and Mary both pretended nothing had happened.
Both Tom and Mary prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and Mary pleaded not guilty.
Tom and Mary both pleaded not guilty.
Both Tom and Mary played the mandolin when they were younger.
Tom and Mary both played the mandolin when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary play the cello.
Tom and Mary both play the cello.
Both Tom and Mary plan to retire when they're 65.
Tom and Mary both plan to retire when they're 65.
Both Tom and Mary overreacted.
Tom and Mary both overreacted.
Both Tom and Mary ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and Mary only work three days a week.
Tom and Mary both only work three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary nodded in agreement.
Tom and Mary both nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom and Mary both need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Both Tom and Mary need to be there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both need to be there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary need this.
Tom and Mary both need this.
Both Tom and Mary need new shoes.
Both Tom and Mary need more time.
Tom and Mary both need more time.
Both Tom and Mary need help.
Tom and Mary both need help.
Both Tom and Mary miss you.
Tom and Mary both miss you.
Both Tom and Mary miss you a lot.
Tom and Mary both miss you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary made mistakes.
Tom and Mary both made mistakes.
Both Tom and Mary love you.
Tom and Mary both love you.
Both Tom and Mary love Thai food.
Tom and Mary both love Thai food.
Both Tom and Mary looked ridiculous.
Tom and Mary both looked ridiculous.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Tom and Mary both looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw I them.
Tom and Mary both looked pretty sick the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary looked back at John.
Tom and Mary both looked back at John.
Both Tom and Mary looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary look very uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary both look very uncomfortable.
Both Tom and Mary look sad.
Tom and Mary both look sad.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've put on a little weight.
Tom and Mary both look like they've put on a little weight.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Tom and Mary both look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Both Tom and Mary look like they want to say something.
Tom and Mary both look like they want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary look angry.
Tom and Mary both look angry.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary both lived in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary both live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary liked the plan.
Tom and Mary both liked the plan.
Both Tom and Mary like you a lot.
Tom and Mary both like you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary like to play golf.
Tom and Mary both like to play golf.
Both Tom and Mary like to cook.
Both Tom and Mary like swimming.
Tom and Mary both like swimming.
Both Tom and Mary like seafood.
Tom and Mary both like seafood.
Both Tom and Mary like sailing.
Tom and Mary both like sailing.
Both Tom and Mary like riding motorcycles.
Tom and Mary both like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and Mary like riding horses.
Both Tom and Mary like old movies.
Both Tom and Mary like Korean food.
Tom and Mary both like Korean food.
Both Tom and Mary like jazz.
Tom and Mary both like jazz.
Both Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary both like doing that.
Both Tom and Mary like camping.
Tom and Mary both like camping.
Both Tom and Mary like Boston.
Tom and Mary both like Boston.
Both Tom and Mary like bananas.
Tom and Mary both like bananas.
Both Tom and Mary left.
Tom and Mary both left.
Both Tom and Mary left at the same time.
Tom and Mary both left at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary laughed again.
Tom and Mary both laughed again.
Both Tom and Mary know you don't swim very well.
Tom and Mary both know you don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary know why John isn't here.
Tom and Mary both know why John isn't here.
Both Tom and Mary know why John is here.
Tom and Mary both know why John is here.
Both Tom and Mary know why I'm here.
Tom and Mary both know why I'm here.
Both Tom and Mary know who you are.
Tom and Mary both know who you are.
Both Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary both know who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they don't do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary both know what'll happen if they don't do what they're supposed to do.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they do that.
Tom and Mary both know what'll happen if they do that.
Both Tom and Mary know what you're doing.
Tom and Mary both know what you're doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary both know what needs to be done.
Both Tom and Mary know what John is doing.
Tom and Mary both know what John is doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened.
Tom and Mary both know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened to John.
Tom and Mary both know what happened to John.
Both Tom and Mary know this.
Tom and Mary both know this.
Both Tom and Mary know they don't belong here.
Tom and Mary both know they don't belong here.
Both Tom and Mary know the truth.
Both Tom and Mary know that's unlikely to happen.
Tom and Mary both know that isn't likely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that's not true.
Tom and Mary both know that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that's a lie.
Tom and Mary both know that's a lie.
Both Tom and Mary know that.
Tom and Mary both know that.
Both Tom and Mary know John wasn't the one who did that.
Tom and Mary both know John wasn't the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John was the one who did that.
Tom and Mary both know John was the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John lied.
Tom and Mary both know John lied.
Both Tom and Mary know John isn't happy here.
Tom and Mary both know John isn't happy here.
Both Tom and Mary know John is innocent.
Tom and Mary both know John is innocent.
Both Tom and Mary know John did that.
Tom and Mary both know John did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it's too late to do that.
Tom and Mary both know it's too late to do that.
Both Tom and Mary know it wasn't John who did that.
Tom and Mary both know it wasn't John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it was John who did that.
Tom and Mary both know it was John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary knew you could do that.
Tom and Mary both knew you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary knew the risks.
Tom and Mary both knew the risks.
Both Tom and Mary kept silent.
Tom and Mary both kept silent.
Both Tom and Mary kept quiet.
Tom and Mary both kept quiet.
Both Tom and Mary joined the army when they were eighteen.
Tom and Mary both joined the army when they were eighteen.
Both Tom and Mary hurt their knees.
Tom and Mary both hurt their knees.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and Mary have worked in Boston.
Tom and Mary have both worked in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have work to do.
Tom and Mary both have work to do.
Both Tom and Mary have tried to do that.
Tom and Mary have both tried doing that.
Both Tom and Mary have to wear glasses when they drive.
Tom and Mary both have to wear glasses when they drive.
Both Tom and Mary have to study French.
Tom and Mary both have to study French.
Both Tom and Mary have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary both have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Both Tom and Mary have to go to work.
Tom and Mary both have to go to work.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that again.
Tom and Mary both have to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary have the same problem.
Tom and Mary both have the same problem.
Both Tom and Mary have the flu.
Tom and Mary both have the flu.
Both Tom and Mary have seen that movie.
Tom and Mary have both seen that movie.
Both Tom and Mary have seen it.
Tom and Mary have both seen it.
Both Tom and Mary have scars on their wrists from when they tried to commit suicide.
Tom and Mary both have scars on their wrists from when they tried to commit suicide.
Both Tom and Mary have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have both put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have ponytails.
Both Tom and Mary have new bicycles.
Tom and Mary both have new bicycles.
Tom and Mary have both never done that.
Both Tom and Mary have made sacrifices.
Tom and Mary have both made sacrifices.
Both Tom and Mary have lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have both lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to you.
Tom and Mary have both lied to you.
Both Tom and Mary have known how to do that since they were three.
Tom and Mary have both known how to do that since they were three.
Both Tom and Mary have gotten better at playing the trumpet since I last heard them play.
Tom and Mary have both gotten better at playing the trumpet since I last heard them play.
Both Tom and Mary have gained weight since I last saw them.
Tom and Mary have both gained weight since I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have finished doing their homework.
Tom and Mary have both finished doing their homework.
Both Tom and Mary have dyed their hair.
Tom and Mary have both dyed their hair.
Both Tom and Mary have dark hair.
Both Tom and Mary have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and Mary have broken their arms.
Tom and Mary have both broken their arms.
Both Tom and Mary have black hair.
Both Tom and Mary have been very lucky.
Tom and Mary have both been very lucky.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy.
Tom and Mary have both been very busy.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy all week.
Tom and Mary have both been very busy all week.
Both Tom and Mary have been to Boston.
Tom and Mary have both been to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have been singing professionally since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary have both been singing professionally since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary have been released from prison.
Tom and Mary have both been released from prison.
Both Tom and Mary have applied for the job.
Tom and Mary have both applied for the job.
Both Tom and Mary have already tried that.
Tom and Mary have both already tried that.
Both Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary hate you.
Tom and Mary both hate you.
Both Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary both hate me.
Both Tom and Mary hate John.
Tom and Mary both hate John.
Both Tom and Mary had to sell their cars.
Tom and Mary both had to sell their cars.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that.
Tom and Mary both had to do that.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that again.
Tom and Mary both had to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary grinned.
Tom and Mary both grinned.
Both Tom and Mary got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Tom and Mary both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Both Tom and Mary got out of the car.
Both Tom and Mary got in the car.
Both Tom and Mary got here late.
Tom and Mary both got here late.
Both Tom and Mary giggled.
Tom and Mary both giggled.
Both Tom and Mary fell off their bicycles.
Tom and Mary both fell off their bicycles.
Both Tom and Mary fell asleep.
Tom and Mary both fell asleep.
Both Tom and Mary feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and Mary failed the exam.
Both Tom and Mary enjoyed the movie.
Tom and Mary both enjoyed the movie.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom and Mary both enjoy watching horror movies.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy playing volleyball.
Tom and Mary both enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and Mary dyed their hair brown.
Tom and Mary both dyed their hair brown.
Both Tom and Mary dye their hair.
Tom and Mary both dye their hair.
Both Tom and Mary drive sports cars.
Tom and Mary both drive sports cars.
Both Tom and Mary drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and Mary don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and Mary don't swim very well.
Tom and Mary both don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary speaks French.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary both don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary both do that.
Both Tom and Mary died.
Tom and Mary both died.
Both Tom and Mary died in their sleep.
Tom and Mary both died in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary both didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a while.
Tom and Mary both didn't say anything for a while.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a long time.
Tom and Mary both didn't say anything for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say a thing.
Neither Tom nor Mary said a thing.
Both Tom and Mary didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and Mary didn't do that.
Both Tom and Mary did well.
Tom and Mary both did well.
Both Tom and Mary did that again.
Tom and Mary both did that again.
Both Tom and Mary did really well.
Tom and Mary both did really well.
Both Tom and Mary did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Tom and Mary both did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary cut themselves on some broken glass.
Tom and Mary both cut themselves on some broken glass.
Both Tom and Mary could retire if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary could both retire if they wanted to.
Both Tom and Mary coughed.
Tom and Mary both coughed.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the weather.
Tom and Mary both complained about the weather.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the smell.
Tom and Mary both complained about the smell.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the noise.
Tom and Mary both complained about the noise.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the heat.
Tom and Mary both complained about the heat.
Both Tom and Mary complained about John.
Tom and Mary both complained about John.
Both Tom and Mary chuckled.
Tom and Mary both chuckled.
Both Tom and Mary changed their clothes.
Tom and Mary both changed their clothes.
Both Tom and Mary can't swim.
Both Tom and Mary can't drive.
Neither Tom nor Mary can drive.
Both Tom and Mary can't be right.
Tom and Mary both can't be right.
Both Tom and Mary can sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can play chess quite well.
Tom and Mary can both play chess quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can do that.
Tom and Mary can both do that.
Both Tom and Mary can do that quite well.
Tom and Mary can both do that quite well.
Both Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were children.
Tom and Mary both came to Boston when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs.
Tom and Mary both broke their legs.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs skiing.
Tom and Mary both broke their legs skiing.
Tom and Mary both blushed.
Both Tom and Mary blew their noses.
Tom and Mary both blew their noses.
Both Tom and Mary began wearing glasses when they were three.
Tom and Mary both began wearing glasses when they were three.
Both Tom and Mary will be there.
Tom and Mary will both be there.
Both Tom and Mary asked me to help them write love letters.
Tom and Mary both asked me to help them write love letters.
Both Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Neither Tom nor Mary are hungry.
Both Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Tom and Mary both aren't busy.
Both Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary are both wrong.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are both wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing hats.
Tom and Mary are both wearing hats.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing black today.
Tom and Mary are both wearing black today.
Both Tom and Mary are very young.
Tom and Mary are both very young.
Both Tom and Mary are very worried.
Tom and Mary are both very worried.
Both Tom and Mary are very upset.
Tom and Mary are both very upset.
Both Tom and Mary are very tired.
Tom and Mary are both very tired.
Both Tom and Mary are very smart.
Tom and Mary are both very smart.
Both Tom and Mary are very sleepy.
Tom and Mary are both very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary are very proud of you.
Tom and Mary are both very proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are very picky about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very picky about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very particular about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very intelligent.
Tom and Mary are both very intelligent.
Both Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Tom and Mary are both very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy here.
Tom and Mary are both very happy here.
Both Tom and Mary are very good chess players.
Tom and Mary are both very good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are very fussy about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very fussy about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very frightened.
Tom and Mary are both very frightened.
Both Tom and Mary are very excited.
Both Tom and Mary are very conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are very busy.
Tom and Mary are both very busy.
Both Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
Both Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Both Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Tom and Mary are both unemployed.
Both Tom and Mary are to blame.
Tom and Mary are both to blame.
Both Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary are both tired.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
Both Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary are both thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary are therapists.
Both Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary are both telling the truth.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers.
Tom and Mary are both teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers now.
Tom and Mary are both teenagers now.
Both Tom and Mary are teachers here.
Tom and Mary are both teachers here.
Both Tom and Mary are talented.
Tom and Mary are both talented.
Both Tom and Mary are studying French.
Tom and Mary are both studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are still under thirty.
Tom and Mary are both still under thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are still too young.
Tom and Mary are both still too young.
Both Tom and Mary are still studying French.
Tom and Mary are both still studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are still single.
Both Tom and Mary are still in good shape.
Tom and Mary are both still in good shape.
Both Tom and Mary are still high school students.
Tom and Mary are both still high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are sorry.
Tom and Mary are both sorry.
Both Tom and Mary are smiling.
Tom and Mary are both smiling.
Both Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary are both scared.
Both Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary are both safe.
Both Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary are both rich.
Both Tom and Mary are reporters.
Tom and Mary are both reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are really competitive.
Tom and Mary are both really competitive.
Both Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary are both ready.
Both Tom and Mary are proud of you.
Tom and Mary are both proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are professors.
Both Tom and Mary are professionals.
Tom and Mary are both professionals.
Both Tom and Mary are professional musicians.
Tom and Mary are both professional musicians.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty excited.
Tom and Mary are both pretty excited.
Both Tom and Mary are particular about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are out of work.
Tom and Mary are both out of work.
Both Tom and Mary are older than you.
Tom and Mary are both older than you.
Both Tom and Mary are old enough to know better.
Both Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are both OK.
Both Tom and Mary are nonsmokers.
Tom and Mary are both nonsmokers.
Both Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary are both nervous.
Both Tom and Mary are married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and Mary are making good money.
Tom and Mary are both making good money.
Both Tom and Mary are learning French.
Tom and Mary are both learning French.
Both Tom and Mary are lawyers.
Tom and Mary are both lawyers.
Both Tom and Mary are insane.
Tom and Mary are both insane.
Both Tom and Mary are in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their late thirties.
Tom and Mary are both in their late thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their early thirties.
Tom and Mary are both in their early thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in the library.
Tom and Mary are both in the library.
Both Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Both Tom and Mary are in the garden.
Tom and Mary both are in the garden.
Both Tom and Mary are in really bad shape.
Tom and Mary are both in really bad shape.
Both Tom and Mary are hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom and Mary are both hoping nothing bad happens.
Both Tom and Mary are high school students.
Tom and Mary are both high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are here with me.
Tom and Mary are both here with me.
Both Tom and Mary are healthy.
Tom and Mary are both healthy.
Both Tom and Mary are grinning.
Tom and Mary are both grinning.
Tom and Mary are both good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are good at French.
Both Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary are both going.
Both Tom and Mary are going to prison.
Tom and Mary are both going to prison.
Both Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary are both going to be there.
Both Tom and Mary are full-time students.
Both Tom and Mary are facing the same way.
Tom and Mary are both facing the same way.
Both Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary are both exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary are drunk.
Both Tom and Mary are doing fine.
Both Tom and Mary are dirty.
Tom and Mary are both dirty.
Both Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary are both crazy.
Both Tom and Mary are conservative.
Tom and Mary are both conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are college students.
Both Tom and Mary are carpenters.
Tom and Mary are both carpenters.
Both Tom and Mary are busy today.
Tom and Mary are both busy today.
Both Tom and Mary are aware of the risks involved.
Tom and Mary are both aware of the risks involved.
Both Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary are both awake.
Both Tom and Mary are artists.
Tom and Mary are both artists.
Both Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary are both angry.
Both Tom and Mary are ambitious.
Tom and Mary are both ambitious.
Both Tom and Mary are alcoholics.
Tom and Mary are both alcoholics.
Both Tom and Mary are afraid of John's dog.
Tom and Mary are both afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary are adults.
Tom and Mary are both adults.
Both Tom and Mary are able to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy.
Tom and Mary are both a little busy.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy right now.
Tom and Mary are both a little busy right now.
Both Tom and Mary are a little bit crazy.
Tom and Mary are both a little bit crazy.
Both Tom and Mary almost drowned.
Tom and Mary both almost drowned.
Both Tom and Mary almost died in the accident.
Tom and Mary both almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and Mary agreed.
Both Tom and Mary agreed with John.
Tom and Mary both agreed with John.
Both Tom and Mary agree with you.
Tom and Mary both agree with you.
Both Tom and Mary admitted that they were lonely.
Tom and Mary both admitted that they were lonely.
Both Tom and John say they've kissed Mary.
Tom and John both say they've kissed Mary.
Both Tom and John said they wished they hadn't let Mary kiss them.
Tom and John both said they wished they hadn't let Mary kiss them.
Both Tom and John said they were in love with Mary.
Tom and John both said they were in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John said they didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom and John both said they didn't want to dance with Mary.
Both Tom and John have beards.
Tom and John both have beards.
Both Tom and John are in love with Mary.
Tom and John are both in love with Mary.
Both of us saw Tom.
Both of us love Tom.
Both of us know what happened to Tom.
Both of us know Tom did that.
Both of us hate Tom.
Both of us agreed with Tom.
Both of the songs that we sang tonight were written by Tom.
Do both Tom and John have beards?
Do Tom and John both have beards?
Aren't both Tom and Mary from Boston?
Aren't Tom and Mary both from Boston?
Aren't Tom and Mary both Canadians?
Aren't both Tom and Mary Canadians?
Are both Tom and Mary still single?
Are Tom and Mary both still single?
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be surprised.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be surprised.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be asleep.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be asleep.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be married.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be married.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be rich.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be rich.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be single.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be single.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be unmarried.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be unmarried.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be divorced.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be divorced.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be fascinated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be fascinated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be handicapped.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be handicapped.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't excited.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was excited.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't exhausted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was exhausted.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't pleased.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was pleased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't tough.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was tough.
Tom and I both drew our guns.
Both Tom and I drew our guns.
Tom and I both have very few friends.
Both Tom and I have very few friends.
Tom and I both wanted a lot of children.
Both Tom and I wanted a lot of children.
Tom and I both noticed Mary at the same time.
Both Tom and I noticed Mary at the same time.
Tom and I both come from dysfunctional families.
Both Tom and I come from dysfunctional families.
Tom and I are both very excited.
Both Tom and I are very excited.
Tom and I are both good swimmers.
Both Tom and I are good swimmers.
Tom and I are both horrible liars.
Both Tom and I are horrible liars.
Tom and I were both wearing rubber gloves.
Both Tom and I were wearing rubber gloves.
Tom and I were both talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I were talking at the same time.
No one saw Tom laugh.
Nobody saw Tom laugh.
We're planning to stay together.
We're planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary were planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary were planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary plan to stay together.
Tom and Mary plan on staying together.
Tom and Mary don't plan to stay together.
Tom and Mary don't plan on staying together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying together.
Tom and I are planning to stay together.
Tom and I are planning on staying together.
Does everyone in your family do that?
Does everybody in your family do that?
Tom may be kissing Mary now.
Tom might be kissing Mary now.
It takes about thirty minutes to get to my school by bus.
It takes about thirty minutes by bus to get to my school.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have a lot of friends.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have lots of friends.
I'm not planning on doing that until Tom asks me to.
I'm not planning to do that until Tom asks me to.
I wasn't planning on doing that until Tom asked me to.
I wasn't planning to do that until Tom asked me to.
I need to know what time you're planning to do that.
I need to know what time you're planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to buy ice skates their sizes at the sports store near the art museum.
Tom pretended to be working on his computer, but in fact he was eavesdropping on the conversation.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom said he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom said he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom and Mary wondered what their lives would've been like if they'd married each other.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that if he'd thought she could've done it by herself.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time together and eventually fell in love with each other.
Tom was smart enough not to tell Mary what he really thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom usually fasts about hours a day, from dinner until the following day's lunch.
I asked several people to do that for me, but none of them were willing to help me.
Tom and Mary have both been fired because they often showed up late for work.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
Tom should tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom couldn't speak French very well, so it was difficult to communicate with him.
Tom and John are both married to women who are three years younger than they are.
The police looked in Tom's locker, but didn't find what they thought they'd find.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they can almost read each other's minds.
If you see Tom and Mary, don't forget to ask them how their children are doing.
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or would you rather I told him?
I don't think Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
Tom went to college for a while, but dropped out after a couple of semesters.
Tom is beginning to see why he should've paid more attention in French class.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I asked several people for directions, but none of them were able to help me.
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or would you rather I told him?
Tom said that what he'd done was a mistake and that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom looked into his knapsack and realized that his computer had been stolen.
Tom is working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
Tom wrapped a hot water bottle in a towel and placed it on Mary's forehead.
Tom said he wasn't surprised to hear that John and Mary had gotten married.
Tom lives in a small apartment with his parents and three younger brothers.
Tom and Mary were drunk and they both said some things they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary aren't talking about you. They're talking about somebody else.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone because he was caught texting in class.
I wasn't very good at French when I was in college, but I've gotten better.
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like to go with me?
I don't know when Tom and Mary got married, but I do know they got married.
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or would you rather I told him?
Tom speaks French so well that many people think it's his native language.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom didn't need to stay home to help us. We could've done it by ourselves.
Tom and Mary are good friends now, but they didn't like each other at first.
Tom and John are both married to women who are much younger than they are.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were thinking about getting divorced.
Tom wanted to buy that painting, but I'd already sold it to someone else.
Tom told Mary that she should be more careful the next time she did that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent his summer vacation.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do the same thing I wanted to do.
Tom wanted to give John and Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom spends a lot of time on his phone, texting and emailing his friends.
Tom said that doing that was a mistake and that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom said he wanted to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on going to the prom with.
Tom is planning to have a Christmas party at his house on Christmas Eve.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary were both fired because they often showed up late for work.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice got divorced.
Tom and Mary look like teenagers, but they're both actually over thirty.
Tom and Mary are celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
The couple I met in the park told me that their names were Tom and Mary.
I'm looking for an apartment within a five-minute walk from the station.
"Will both you and Tom be here tomorrow?" "I will be, but Tom won't be."
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother and Uncle John is my father's brother.
Tom says he's glad you're going to stay in Boston for another few days.
Tom said he'd be here three hours ago, but he still hasn't gotten here.
Tom said he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake he did.
Tom said he wanted to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened. She already knew.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary about what had happened. She already knew.
Tom and Mary have both wanted to study French since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary each drank three cups of coffee before they left for work.
Tom and Mary are moving things from their old house to their new house.
I wasn't able to talk Tom into baking a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or would you rather I told him?
When they were young, Tom and Mary used to often go swimming together.
When they were in high school, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
Tom said he wanted to make sure Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom said he wanted to know when we were going to come over and help him.
If you want to go to the movies tonight, perhaps Tom will go with you.
Tom wanted to go to the concert with Mary, but she didn't want to go.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to dance, but he was afraid that she'd say no.
Tom thought Mary was cute, but he was too shy to say anything to her.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom hiked his skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped his toes in the water.
Tom and John realized how small they were compared to the other boys.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been home since they graduated from college.
I've never been to Australia, but my father's been there three times.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I asked both Tom and Mary where John lived, but neither of them knew.
Australia is one of the most interesting countries I've ever visited.
Aunt Mary is my mother's sister and Aunt Alice is my father's sister.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted him to meet her in the park.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom got out of the swimming pool and dried himself off with a towel.
Tom felt that Mary wasn't doing everything she should've been doing.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he really thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom and Mary are both too drunk to drive. Could you drive them home?
It's Tom's birthday tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
I've never met Tom, but I've spoken to him on the phone a few times.
I wasn't the most popular kid in school, but I had a lot of friends.
I got up very early this morning, but my father got up even earlier.
Either Tom or Mary probably has an extra pencil they could lend you.
Tom's phone was confiscated because he was caught texting in class.
Tom said that he wasn't really planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to find a place to live close to where he works.
Tom now knows why he should've paid more attention in French class.
Tom and Mary are expecting a lot of people to attend their wedding.
Tom and John have bought new suits, but they haven't worn them yet.
I sent the package to Tom yesterday, so he should get it by Monday.
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can't speak French?
"Were Tom and Mary at the party?" "Tom was there, but Mary wasn't."
Tom's birthday is tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom said he didn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will want to do that.
Tom didn't have to think very long before he gave Mary his answer.
Tom and Mary spent three hours on the porch talking to each other.
Tom and Mary didn't get married until they were in their thirties.
Tom and Mary are really close and they tell each other everything.
Tom and John both became fathers when they were in their thirties.
If you have time, you should visit that new museum on Park Street.
I'm pretty sure that neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Boston.
I bet Tom and Mary each thirty dollars that they couldn't do that.
When we were in high school, Tom and I used to hang out together.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went out for dinner together?
We're going on a picnic tomorrow. Would you like to come with us?
Tom wanted to buy a motorcycle, but his parents wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to buy a bass guitar, but he didn't have enough money.
Tom says he needs time to think about what he's going to do next.
Tom said he didn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on doing that with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary had bought her pearl necklace.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary on Monday.
Tom has a scar on his wrist from when he tried to commit suicide.
Tom found an interesting book about Boston in the school library.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why I didn't like Mary.
Tom bumped into Mary, causing her to spill her coffee on herself.
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can speak French?
You should call your wife and tell her you'll be late for dinner.
Tom's teacher said that he needs to pay more attention in class.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to find an apartment close to where he works.
Tom said he didn't think he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on giving that to.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom is waiting for Mary to finish doing what he asked her to do.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do what she's been asked to do.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom came into the room, took off his hat and coat, and sat down.
Tom and Mary were both fatter three years ago than they are now.
Tom and Mary sang a duet and John accompanied them on the piano.
It looks like both Tom and John haven't shaved in a couple days.
I think it was very unfair of Tom to criticize me for dong that.
I know Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like it?
I definitely remember seeing a picture of Tom and Mary together.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were writing a novel together?
After three hours, Tom and Mary ran out of things to talk about.
When they were kids, Tom and Mary did a lot of things together.
Tom will probably lie to Mary about where he spent the weekend.
Tom will probably end up in prison if he doesn't straighten up.
Tom will probably be very unfriendly after what you did to him.
Tom was happy that he could meet people from various countries.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom said he wanted to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom said he wanted to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said he still had some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom said he didn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that until next Monday.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't say anything about what happened.
Tom pretended not to see Mary when he passed her on the street.
Tom is waiting for you to finish doing what he asked you to do.
Tom didn't need to tell me about what happened. I already knew.
Tom and Mary are competing against each other for the same job.
The dress that Mary bought yesterday doesn't fit her very well.
Let me give you my phone number in case you need to contact me.
If you see Tom and Mary, ask them how their children are doing.
I won't be able to get everything done that needs to be done.
I'd like to do that now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I was supposed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what I needed to do.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married to each other.
Boston is one of the most interesting cities I've ever visited.
We're waiting for you to finish doing what we asked you to do.
We're going on a picnic tomorrow. Do you want to come with us?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play string quartets together.
Tom told me that Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me it would probably take him a long time to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he had a very urgent matter to discuss with his boss.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to give that to.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on staying with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that this evening.
Tom is trying hard to finish doing that by the end of the day.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary Monday evening.
Tom hoped that Mary would be well enough to come to his party.
Tom doesn't live far from us, but we don't see him very often.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go bowling with John.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom and Mary made a list of things they wanted to do together.
Tom and John introduced me to their new girlfriends yesterday.
Tom and I are in the same class, but I've never spoken to him.
If your dog could talk, what do you think it would say to you?
I'm sorry for making you look stupid in front of your friends.
I wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had happened.
I used to play golf, but I quit playing about three years ago.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get married.
I think Tom and Mary both said they've already read this book.
I don't think either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that until he told me.
Tom wants to go to the concert, but he doesn't have a ticket.
Tom wanted to go to the concert, but he didn't have a ticket.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she needed to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that with John today.
Tom locked himself in his room and refused to talk to anyone.
Tom is usually busier in the summer than he is in the winter.
Tom is having a surprise party for Mary tonight at his place.
Tom is having a bachelor party for John at his place tonight.
Tom is going to need a little more time to finish doing that.
Tom is doing all he can to make sure it doesn't happen again.
Tom got the job because he can speak both French and English.
Tom doesn't live far from me, but I don't see him very often.
Tom didn't have to come into work today. I wonder why he did.
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston and they grew up there.
Tom and Mary both said they thought they could pass the test.
Tom and Mary are two of the most boring people I've ever met.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
My car isn't very reliable. I'm thinking of buying a new one.
It's going to be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
I'm sure you could do that if you really put your mind to it.
I wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
I wanted to talk with Tom yesterday, but I couldn't find him.
I think Tom needs to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I couldn't decide which shirt to buy, so I didn't buy either.
Does Tom still think Mary would like to go to Boston with us?
You won't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
You look the same now as you looked the last time I saw you.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went to Boston together?
When the weather's bad, I usually stay at home and watch TV.
Tom's parents aren't going to let him go to Boston with you.
Tom wears the same clothes that all his friends are wearing.
Tom threw a cup of cold water on Mary's face to wake her up.
Tom said that Mary wasn't responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that he needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on going with.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do what he asked her to do.
Tom is a good tennis player, but he doesn't play very often.
Tom has been playing the piano since he was three years old.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to meet her in the park.
Tom didn't need to tell me if he didn't want to, but he did.
Tom didn't need to get up as early today as he usually does.
Tom decided to buy Mary a pair of earrings for her birthday.
Tom and Mary were both much taller than I thought they'd be.
Tom and Mary are both having trouble with math, aren't they?
Tom and John might bring their wives and children with them.
That incident happened when both Tom and Mary were thirteen.
I wasn't able to get everything done that needed to be done.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I know that Tom and Mary have never gone to Boston together.
I didn't know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other.
Do you mean you didn't know Tom and Mary had gotten married?
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or should I?
Tom wanted to know if you're planning to come to his party.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he was really sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John had to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John needed to do that.
Tom said it would probably take him a long time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to stay with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on staying.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that with her.
Tom met many other banjo players at the bluegrass festival.
Tom isn't likely to be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom is working hard to get the project finished by October.
Tom is still trying to figure out what caused the accident.
Tom is just waiting for Mary to do what he asked her to do.
Tom is going to need more money to buy everything he needs.
Tom is going to need a few more hours to finish doing that.
Tom doesn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll have time to do that or not.
Tom doesn't have a phone, so it's difficult to contact him.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that this week.
Tom didn't want to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom didn't need to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other in quite a while.
Tom and Mary haven't contacted each other in quite a while.
Tom and Mary have been together for more than thirty years.
Tom and I won't be able to do that if Mary doesn't help us.
The instructions were too complicated for me to figure out.
It's going to be three months before our house is finished.
I won't be able to get everything done that has to be done.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom insisted that I go with him.
I think we should've turned left at that last intersection.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
You don't need all of these. You should sell some of them.
Tom worked at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom still studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom said that he was really glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning on getting there early.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she had to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John couldn't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said he didn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom said he didn't know whether he'd have time to do that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that.
Tom is still trying to figure out what caused the problem.
Tom is going to have his house painted next month.
Tom is going to Boston next week with some of his friends.
Tom doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom doesn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take Mary to do that.
Tom didn't have to help us today, but he helped us anyway.
Tom can't speak French, and he can't speak English either.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom and Mary have both lost a lot of weight, haven't they?
The police are still trying to figure out how Tom escaped.
It's going to be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
I'd prefer to play basketball rather than play volleyball.
I'd prefer not to call Tom. I'd rather write him an email.
I'd like to go now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I'd be curious to know what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to leave the party early.
I wasn't at school the day we had our class picture taken.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I'd planned to.
I usually drink coffee in the morning before I go to work.
I might be able to talk to Tom tomorrow, but I'm not sure.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got married.
I don't need to call Tom. I wrote him an email last night.
I can't believe how bad the service at this restaurant is.
Does Tom still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Does Tom still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Could you please move those boxes from over there to here?
Both Tom and Mary weren't feeling well, so they went home.
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or should I?
You weren't wearing your uniform the last time I saw you.
You can turn off the TV if you like. I'm not watching it.
Tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom told me last week that he was going to buy a new car.
Tom taught his children how to sing several French songs.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he needed to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said he didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom said he didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to go with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on going.
Tom said he didn't know when he was supposed to be there.
Tom said he didn't know if he had enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't have very much money on him right now.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom returned the books that he borrowed from the library.
Tom realized how small he was compared to the other boys.
Tom needs to study harder if he wants to pass this class.
Tom isn't going to drive the children to school tomorrow.
Tom is pretty proud of what he's been able to accomplish.
Tom is going to leave a day earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom is going to Mary's birthday party tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out about what had happened.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why I did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where I'd gone.
Tom and Mary met while they were both visiting Australia.
Tom and Mary are both thirty, but they look much younger.
Nobody told us Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
It looks like we're going to have an interesting evening.
I'm not sure whether I really want that to happen or not.
I'll see you tomorrow evening unless I have to work late.
I wasn't tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I needed to do.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love with each other.
I know Mary and Alice, but I've never met their husbands.
I gave Tom my phone number so he'd be able to contact me.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that by himself?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary like to listen to the same kind of music?
What are Tom and Mary going to do for their anniversary?
Tom will probably tell you some things that aren't true.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to what he was doing.
Tom wants to finish what he's doing before he goes home.
Tom tried to talk Mary into helping him do his homework.
Tom told me that he wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on getting there early.
Tom said that he wasn't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom said that he was really sure that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he was really glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John had to do that.
Tom said he wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said he didn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was getting married to.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to stay.
Tom said he didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that until 2:30.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom must've forgotten to do what he promised us he'd do.
Tom is still trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom is pretty happy with the way things have turned out.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on giving that to.
Tom doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom didn't need to tell me twice what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about getting married.
Tom and Mary said they've each had three glasses of wine.
Tom and Mary are two of the most generous people I know.
Tom and Mary are both high school students, aren't they?
Tom and I saw Mary yesterday in the park near our house.
The man I met in the park told me that his name was Tom.
The doctors did everything they could to keep Tom alive.
Perhaps when Tom and Mary are older they'll get married.
I've met that man before, but I can't remember his name.
I'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I won't be able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
I wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I was told that I shouldn't believe everything Tom says.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married soon.
I don't think I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary often travel together?
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or should I?
"Do you and Tom often do that?" "I do, but Tom doesn't."
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
Tom will probably spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom wanted to go to college, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom wanted to finish eating before he talked to anyone.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was really sure that he could do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning on getting there early.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she had to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John could do that.
Tom said he didn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom said he didn't think he had enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out a way to solve the problem.
Tom is ready to do exactly what you've asked him to do.
Tom is going to have to paint his barn again next year.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary.
Tom has been living on a boat for the past three years.
Tom has been dealing with some very difficult problems.
Tom doesn't think he can help you move the piano today.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on going with us.
Tom and Mary will be playing tennis together on Monday.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other in long time.
Tom and Mary both say they make thirty dollars an hour.
Tom and Mary are getting married three months from now.
Tom and Mary are celebrating their wedding anniversary.
Tom and Mary are both wearing what they wore yesterday.
Tom and Mary are both quite narrow-minded, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite conscientious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty conservative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both going to med school, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doing what we asked, aren't they?
Tom and John never discuss their work with their wives.
Tom and I ran into each other in the library on Monday.
Let's not eat mashed potatoes for dinner again tonight.
It won't be any problem to reschedule your appointment.
It was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
I'm sure Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that.
I'm sorry, but I can't come to your party next weekend.
I won't be able to stay in Boston as long as I want to.
I wasn't the only one who asked Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised to hear that Tom had gotten married.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I wanted to.
I was both tired and hungry when I got home last night.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in Australia.
I think Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married.
I know that Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I know Mary and Alice, but I don't know their husbands.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were seeing each other.
You weren't wearing a uniform the last time I saw you.
When did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
Tomorrow's a holiday, so I don't have to get up early.
Tom won't be able to do that if Mary doesn't help him.
Tom will probably be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom will have to stay in the hospital for a few weeks.
Tom was supposed to call me last night, but he didn't.
Tom wants to live in a country where French is spoken.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about animals.
Tom tucked Mary into bed and read her a bedtime story.
Tom took off his sweater and tied it around his waist.
Tom told Mary what he thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't want do that.
Tom says he's going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom says he won't have time to do that until tomorrow.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when he wants to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he had to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom said he had an interesting conversation with Mary.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said he didn't mind eating after the children ate.
Tom said he didn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom plays tennis well, but he doesn't play very often.
Tom is trying to do something that's impossible to do.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to go to college.
Tom is probably the one responsible for what happened.
Tom is a good swimmer, but he doesn't swim very often.
Tom has convinced Mary to stay for another three days.
Tom has been training since he was thirteen years old.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to give that to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to do that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on staying with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom didn't need to tell me why because I already knew.
Tom didn't need to come here. He could've just called.
Tom didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom asked me not to park my car in front of his house.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom and Mary used to go fishing together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary said they take a walk together every day.
Tom and Mary have started talking to each other again.
Tom and Mary are both very good teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very good students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still your friends, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still working here, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still in Australia, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really competitive, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good chess players, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both being very patient, aren't they?
The meeting wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
Perhaps Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing that together.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their boyfriends.
It's too bad we didn't see Tom when we were in Boston.
It won't be any problem to reschedule the appointment.
In those days, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
I've seen that guy before, but I can't remember where.
I'm not happy with how the painters painted my office.
I wasn't really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I wasn't able to find the documents I was looking for.
I wasn't able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
I think we should get out of here as soon as possible.
I think Tom will like the presents you bought for him.
How many hours does it take to get to Boston by plane?
Do Tom and Mary like to watch the same kind of movies?
We have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
We didn't go to the party because we weren't invited.
Tom will probably do that as soon as you tell him to.
Tom went to the cemetery to visit his mother's grave.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents what had happened.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend when she was in high school.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about Boston.
Tom wanted to ask you if you'd help him next weekend.
Tom slipped and fell as he was going down the stairs.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why he wants to do that.
Tom said that he was really worried about his future.
Tom said that he was really the first one to do that.
Tom said that he was really sure that he had to do that.
Tom said that he was really sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he was really interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary was glad that John didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he could do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't remember what happened that night.
Tom said he didn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom said he didn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom said he didn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary was supposed to do.
Tom said he didn't ever win when he played badminton.
Tom said he didn't care whether we helped him or not.
Tom said he didn't care whether Mary did that or not.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom said Mary wants to do that before John gets here.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom isn't going to give Mary the money she asked for.
Tom is very satisfied with the work Mary did for him.
Tom is in the parking lot right now, waiting for you.
Tom is hoping to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom is going to need a few more hours to finish this.
Tom is going to have to make some very tough choices.
Tom is going to have a lot more questions than we do.
Tom is going to go there the same way he always does.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out about what happened.
Tom has bought a new suit, but he hasn't worn it yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary had.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't get out of the car because it was raining.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they want to get married right away.
Tom and Mary said they want to write a book together.
Tom and Mary are never going to see each other again.
Tom and Mary are going to have a lot of fun together.
Tom and Mary are each going to need their own lawyer.
Tom and Mary are both very conservative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both telling the truth, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both prepared for this, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both already in Boston, aren't they?
Tom and John showed me pictures of their girlfriends.
The museum we went to yesterday was very interesting.
Should I tell Tom or would you rather he didn't know?
It's been three months since Tom escaped from prison.
If Tom didn't need to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom didn't have to be here, he wouldn't have come.
I've never spoken to the old man who lives next door.
I'm not really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I wasn't able to say everything that I wanted to say.
I thought you said you needed to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will like the present you bought for him.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I really don't have time to deal with this right now.
I need to know what's likely to happen if we do that.
I don't usually walk to work, but I did this morning.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were already married.
I couldn't fall asleep, even though I was very tired.
I asked Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
How did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary like to do that same kinds of things?
Did you know that Tom and Mary got married last week?
Tom will probably still be interested in doing that.
Tom will probably be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom will probably be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom will have the time to do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom was walking his dog when I saw him this morning.
Tom wanted to know how he could lose weight quickly.
Tom told John that he and Mary were getting married.
Tom thought Mary could do that if she had some help.
Tom studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom says he's going to find out what has to be done.
Tom said that he was really glad that Mary did that.
Tom said that he wanted me to introduce him to Mary.
Tom said that Mary was sure that John would do that.
Tom said he wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said he isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Tom said he didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom said he didn't think he was very good at French.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that right now.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom said he didn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom said he didn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said Mary thought she should do that by herself.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that today.
Tom lost control of his car and crashed into a wall.
Tom lives about three blocks from the train station.
Tom jumped into the pool and swam to the other side.
Tom is thinking about putting his house up for sale.
Tom is still trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom is still not sure why Mary wants him to do that.
Tom is much younger than the rest of his classmates.
Tom is eventually going to find out who killed Mary.
Tom is at the supermarket buying food for the party.
Tom is approximately the same age as the rest of us.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't live here anymore. He's moved to Boston.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going with.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go with us.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom didn't think he could do what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary why she thought he wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were already married.
Tom and Mary just told me they were getting married.
Tom and Mary can't stand being away from each other.
Tom and Mary both started speaking at the same time.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to do that together.
Tom and Mary are going to name their daughter Alice.
Tom and Mary are both very competitive, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both usually punctual, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both staying with you, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really obnoxious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really ambitious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite overweight, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty ambitious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both a little nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both a little jealous, aren't they?
Tom and John say they miss their wives and children.
Tom and I are going to play handball this afternoon.
This road is very dangerous. Please drive carefully.
There have been many accidents at that intersection.
That's one of the problems we're still dealing with.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their husbands.
Last Monday was a holiday, so the banks were closed.
It's going to be three weeks before I see you again.
I've been invited to Tom's wedding, but Mary hasn't.
I wonder what it would be like to be married to Tom.
I wasn't the only one who got up early this morning.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd gone.
I wasn't getting any help from anyone, so I gave up.
I thought you said you needed me to do that for you.
I liked Tom and Mary better before they got married.
I like pinto beans, but I don't eat them very often.
I know that Tom and Mary have never danced together.
I know Tom and John, but I've never met their wives.
I have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
I had to stop at almost every light on the way here.
I didn't have enough cash, so I paid by credit card.
I can play the guitar. Tom can play the guitar, too.
Do Tom and Mary live in the same apartment building?
Do Tom and Mary like to read the same kind of books?
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or should I?
"Is Tom here?" "No, he left just a few minutes ago."
Tom will probably be really disappointed, won't he?
Tom wasn't at school last week because he was sick.
Tom wanted to know how long we're going to be here.
Tom wanted to buy a car, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom understands French better than he can speak it.
Tom thinks Mary is the prettiest girl in his class.
Tom takes his children to the park every afternoon.
Tom slipped and fell as he was getting off the bus.
Tom says he isn't yet sure what caused the problem.
Tom says he doesn't remember where he put his keys.
Tom said that he wasn't going camping next weekend.
Tom said that he wasn't angry, but that he was sad.
Tom said that he was really glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said that Mary was sure that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning to be here by 2:30.
Tom said he thought he should learn how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom said he didn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how old his dog was.
Tom said he didn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't care whether we did that or not.
Tom said he didn't care whether Mary stayed or not.
Tom said Mary thought he shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that again.
Tom now has to get up much earlier than he used to.
Tom lives near us, but we don't see him very often.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as he thinks he is.
Tom is very fortunate to have Mary working for him.
Tom is pleased with the way things have turned out.
Tom is only asking you to help him for a few hours.
Tom is one of the most boring people I've ever met.
Tom is here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is going to talk about that at today's meeting.
Tom is going to have steak and potatoes for dinner.
Tom has been working as a teacher for thirty years.
Tom has been getting some very interesting results.
Tom has already told Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom got up, took a shower, shaved, and got dressed.
Tom doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to stay with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on staying.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he'd been married before.
Tom didn't need to wear a suit and tie, but he did.
Tom didn't need to take a taxi. He could've walked.
Tom didn't need to speak. Mary did all the talking.
Tom didn't know that Mary didn't understand French.
Tom didn't have to take a taxi. He could've walked.
Tom criticized Mary for the way she was doing that.
Tom couldn't do that last week because he was sick.
Tom changed his number after breaking up with Mary.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to travel together.
Tom and Mary aren't much different from each other.
Tom and Mary are definitely more than just friends.
Tom and Mary are both willing to help, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both studying French, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still teenagers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good guitarists, aren't they?
Tom and John both really wanted to dance with Mary.
There's no need to hurry. We've got plenty of time.
That's the house where both Tom and Mary were born.
Since Tom doesn't want to do that, Mary will do it.
Please be careful with this knife. It's very sharp.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should be doing that together.
I'm sure you could do that if you really needed to.
I'm not the only one who got up early this morning.
I'm not the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't finish my dinner.
I wasn't the only one who was permitted to do that.
I wasn't the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I wasn't the only one at the party who fell asleep.
I wasn't supposed to tell Tom that Mary was coming.
I wasn't able to do everything that I wanted to do.
I thought you said that you didn't need to do that.
I might go shopping tomorrow, but I'm not sure yet.
I know that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they got married.
I don't believe Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were your grandchildren.
I can't believe that Tom and John are grandfathers.
Does Tom still want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom still think that I should go talk to Mary?
Does Tom still think he'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you think Tom will get the job he's applied for?
Do you have a mop and a bucket that I could borrow?
Did you know that Tom and Mary have three children?
What's the real reason Tom didn't need to do that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't have to do that?
Uncle Tom and Uncle John are my mother's brothers.
Tom will probably travel to Australia next summer.
Tom will be helping me do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom was in a difficult situation, so I helped him.
Tom wanted to meet with you to discuss the matter.
Tom wanted to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions about French.
Tom used to like Mary, but now he can't stand her.
Tom told me that he thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom thought I might not want to do that by myself.
Tom should've told Mary that he wanted to do that.
Tom says he's having a lot of fun learning French.
Tom said that he was really interested in archery.
Tom said that he was really glad that he did that.
Tom said that he was really determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary was going camping next weekend.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said he was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he was going to need a little more money.
Tom said he knew Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would do that today.
Tom said he didn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom said he didn't really want to talk about this.
Tom said he didn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on going back there again.
Tom said he didn't often win when he played chess.
Tom said he didn't know if he had time to do that.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom reminded Mary that he wanted to do that today.
Tom often says he won't be late, but he always is.
Tom lives near me, but I don't see him very often.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go to Boston with you.
Tom is the guy over there sitting near the window.
Tom is still trying to figure out what's going on.
Tom is still trying to figure out how to fix that.
Tom is ready to do his best in order to help Mary.
Tom is proud of what he's been able to accomplish.
Tom is probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom is making more money this year than last year.
Tom is interested in buying one of your paintings.
Tom is going to have to deal with this on his own.
Tom is going to do everything he can to find Mary.
Tom is going on a picnic tomorrow with his family.
Tom hasn't eaten any food for the past three days.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom has a car, but he doesn't drive it very often.
Tom doesn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom doesn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that right now.
Tom and Mary weren't talking about the same thing.
Tom and Mary showed me pictures of their children.
Tom and Mary showed each other their photo albums.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to get married.
Tom and Mary never told me that they were married.
Tom and Mary are still getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are going to get married next summer.
Tom and Mary are both good at French, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both going to be OK, aren't they?
There wasn't any money in the wallet that I found.
The new restaurant on Park Street isn't very good.
The house next door has been empty for many years.
Please tell Tom to buy some bread on the way home.
My parents gave me a new computer for my birthday.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were both kids.
I've decided to accept the job they've offered me.
I'm not the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
I want to hear what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
I saw Tom at the party, but I didn't speak to him.
I know you probably didn't really need to do that.
I know Tom and John, but I don't know their wives.
I hope we have good weather for the next few days.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary did that together.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were both still single.
I didn't get the job, even though I was qualified.
How long have Tom and Mary been seeing each other?
Do both Tom and Mary have a key to your apartment?
Do Tom and Mary like to eat the same kind of food?
What time do you have to get up tomorrow morning?
Tom will probably still be determined to do that.
Tom wasn't at work last week because he was sick.
Tom was sure Mary knew he didn't want to do that.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Boston.
Tom wanted to know how you're going to get there.
Tom usually watches CNN while he's eating dinner.
Tom thought Mary wasn't influential, but she was.
Tom studies French at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom should've told Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom says he's going to wait and see what happens.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows he wants to do that.
Tom said that he was really reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was really motivated to do that.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said he thought he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said he didn't think that would happen today.
Tom said he didn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know where he was born.
Tom said he didn't really expect you to help him.
Tom said he didn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom said he didn't know when the meeting started.
Tom said he didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said he didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom said he didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Tom said he didn't believe you'd do that for him.
Tom said Mary wants to do that before she leaves.
Tom said Mary thought he should do that tomorrow.
Tom noticed that Mary wasn't wearing any jewelry.
Tom met many other artists when he was in Boston.
Tom isn't going to be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't doing anything you wouldn't approve of.
Tom is waiting for you to finish getting dressed.
Tom is trying to find out why we need to do that.
Tom is trying to find out why we have to do that.
Tom is still trying to find out where Mary lives.
Tom is seriously thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom is playing soccer with his friends somewhere.
Tom is moving to Boston at the end of this month.
Tom is going to take the bus that leaves at 2:30.
Tom invited us to his party, but we're not going.
Tom hopes to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom hoped that Mary would be well enough to come.
Tom has two sisters. Both of them live in Boston.
Tom had a very expensive watch on his right hand.
Tom goes drinking with his friends every weekend.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom doesn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on going.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't even know that what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom didn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom didn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom didn't need to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't need to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom didn't have to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't have to come here, but he came anyway.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom and his brother have different personalities.
Tom and Mary never told me why they got divorced.
Tom and Mary both think they'll get straight A's.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to sing together.
Tom and Mary are just getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are getting married in three months.
Tom and Mary are both very talented, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very stubborn, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very outgoing, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very generous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very friendly, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very creative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very careless, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very busy now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very annoying, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both troublemakers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite liberal, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in Boston now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both getting ready, aren't they?
There wasn't enough time for us to do that today.
The movie wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
The meeting's going to last at least three hours.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent time in Australia.
It's going to be impossible to remove this stain.
I've lived in Boston since I was three years old.
I've just made some coffee. Would you like a cup?
I've just had lunch and I'm already hungry again.
I've decided to accept the job I've been offered.
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't going to fire you.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom that Mary is coming.
I'm going to send my resume to several companies.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom and John don't have girlfriends.
I wasn't the only one who was allowed to do that.
I think Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I often have to repeat things when I talk to Tom.
I know that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I know that Tom and Mary studied French together.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I haven't yet told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I don't think Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't need to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't have to do that.
I didn't have much fun at the party, but Tom did.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married.
How long have Tom and Mary been working together?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone ice skating together?
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll get the job.
Didn't you know Tom didn't want to be here today?
Didn't you know Tom didn't need to be here today?
Did you really think I wouldn't help you do that?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are still married.
Are you going to tell Tom what to do or should I?
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do together?
Tom wrapped the blanket around Mary's shoulders.
Tom will probably still be reluctant to do that.
Tom will probably still be motivated to do that.
Tom will probably still be desperate to do that.
Tom will be in Boston until the end of the week.
Tom was having trouble, so I agreed to help him.
Tom wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom wanted to know if you have any time to help.
Tom wanted to know if he can come over and play.
Tom wanted to help, but wasn't exactly sure how.
Tom understands French better than he speaks it.
Tom told me that he'd drive Mary to the airport.
Tom says he's going to need a little more money.
Tom said that he wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom said that he was really hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to be very late.
Tom said that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom said he was waiting for something to happen.
Tom said he was looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom said he wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said he thought he was too young to do that.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom said he didn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that today.
Tom said he didn't really know how old Mary was.
Tom said he didn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was doing that.
Tom said he didn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom said he didn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom practiced his speech in front of the mirror.
Tom is trying to find a solution to the problem.
Tom is sure Mary knew he didn't want to do that.
Tom is struggling to pay back his student loans.
Tom is staying over at a friend's house tonight.
Tom is going to want to talk to Mary about that.
Tom is going to have to deal with that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be here for a couple more hours.
Tom has only asked us to do that for a few days.
Tom has made several very big mistakes recently.
Tom has a car, but he doesn't use it very often.
Tom grew up in a small town not far from Boston.
Tom doesn't want to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom doesn't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to do that with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to stay.
Tom doesn't know when he's supposed to be there.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he was going.
Tom didn't really know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't need to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom didn't need to do that if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom asked me not to park my car in his driveway.
Tom and Mary have never sung together in public.
Tom and Mary have both been charged with murder.
Tom and Mary have been studying French together.
Tom and Mary have been married for three months.
Tom and Mary are going to have to work together.
Tom and Mary are both very unlucky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very unhappy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very patient, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very helpful, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very careful, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both swimming now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both studying now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still single, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still asleep, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really happy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really angry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good singers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry at you, aren't they?
Tom accepted the job in spite of the low salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone shopping recently.
It's going to be boring if I don't do something.
I've had a headache since I got up this morning.
I'm telling you this because Tom is your friend.
I'm supposed to meet Tom at the airport at 2:30.
I'm saving up money for a trip around the world.
I'm going to go buy a couple of loaves of bread.
I'd rather be a taxi driver than a truck driver.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's opinion is.
I was sick yesterday, so I spent all day in bed.
I think we invited too many people to our party.
I think Tom and John look better without beards.
I might be able do that today, but I'm not sure.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't travel together.
I had trouble finding a place to live in Boston.
I don't think I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom does.
I don't like this kind of weather, but Tom does.
I didn't tell Tom why we didn't want to do that.
I didn't know that you were born in Boston, too.
I didn't know that you didn't understand French.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary worked together.
Even Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Doing that shouldn't take too much of your time.
Does Tom still think he doesn't need to do that?
Does Tom still think he doesn't have to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
What's Tom going to do when he finishes school?
Tom won't be able to get permission to do that.
Tom will probably still be hesitant to do that.
Tom will probably be troubled by what happened.
Tom will probably be the first one to be fired.
Tom will probably be able to manage to do that.
Tom will be staying in Boston for three months.
Tom will be doing that this afternoon for sure.
Tom was painting the fence yesterday afternoon.
Tom wants to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom turned off the light when he left the room.
Tom told me it was too hard for him to do that.
Tom thought Mary was listening, but she wasn't.
Tom says he won't leave until he talks to Mary.
Tom says he isn't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom said that his new job was very interesting.
Tom said that he was really tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was really anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting any help from you.
Tom said he wants to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said he hoped he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said he didn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom said he didn't think he could ever do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan to go back there again.
Tom said he didn't know how Mary would do that.
Tom said he didn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom said he didn't believe you really did that.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that sometime today.
Tom isn't really going out in this rain, is he?
Tom isn't likely to find what he's looking for.
Tom isn't going to let anything happen to Mary.
Tom isn't going to leave Mary there by herself.
Tom isn't exactly sure what he should be doing.
Tom is waiting for you to finish getting ready.
Tom is the one who's supposed to be doing that.
Tom is supposed to meet Mary in thirty minutes.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary do that now.
Tom is much shorter than all of his classmates.
Tom is having the same problems Mary is having.
Tom is going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
Tom is going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom is going to do what Mary said he should do.
Tom is going to do things the way we suggested.
Tom is going to do that the way he always does.
Tom is going to be meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom is doing exactly what Mary asked him to do.
Tom is actually on his way to Boston right now.
Tom invited me to his party, but I'm not going.
Tom has two brothers. Both of them are doctors.
Tom has already told Mary what she ought to do.
Tom found out that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom fasted for three days, only drinking water.
Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be a professional musician.
Tom doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom doesn't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want anything bad to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary. She already knew.
Tom didn't become a father until he was thirty.
Tom did everything he could to make Mary happy.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that again.
Tom and Mary weren't able to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary spent a romantic evening together.
Tom and Mary never mentioned they were married.
Tom and Mary didn't do that together, did they?
Tom and Mary are very lucky to have each other.
Tom and Mary are going back to Boston together.
Tom and Mary are both very strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both trustworthy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really busy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both from Boston, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry at me, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height.
Tom and John showed me pictures of their wives.
Tom and John said they didn't want girlfriends.
There was a fire in our neighborhood last week.
The new restaurant on Park Street is very good.
That's a good idea. Why didn't I think of that?
Sometimes I can't even read my own handwriting.
Should I tell Tom or would you rather I didn't?
Perhaps Tom and Mary ought to do that together.
Our class is going on a field trip next Monday.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone fishing recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has begun studying French.
It was obvious that Tom didn't need to do that.
It doesn't cost much to eat at that restaurant.
I'm sure you could do that if you really tried.
I'm not sure whether I really want that or not.
I wasn't willing to do what Tom asked me to do.
I want you to call me as soon as you get there.
I thought you said you needed to do that today.
I thought you said Tom wasn't going to be here.
I think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary got married.
I sometimes walk to school, but Tom never does.
I might be able to get you a couple of tickets.
I don't think Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't know when Tom is leaving for Australia.
Everyone except Tom and John was wearing a tie.
Does Tom still think that's what we want to do?
Does Tom still think that's all he needs to do?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were married?
Tom's parents don't go to church, but he does.
Tom works eight hours a day, five days a week.
Tom will probably still be willing to do that.
Tom will be working the night shift on Monday.
Tom will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will be going back to Australia next week.
Tom will be flying back to Boston on the 20th.
Tom was fortunate that he was able to do that.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened.
Tom wanted to know when we're going to Boston.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wanted to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
Tom told me that he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to do that today.
Tom studied electrical engineering in college.
Tom should tell Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom shared his bedroom with his older brother.
Tom says he isn't going to eat anything today.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be very late.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't having a lot of fun.
Tom said that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he's very sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he was expecting Mary any minute now.
Tom said he wanted to learn more about Boston.
Tom said he knew Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said he isn't going to buy anything today.
Tom said he hoped Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to school today.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that now.
Tom said he didn't really know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how old he was.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said he didn't need to do that right away.
Tom said he didn't know what made him do that.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he didn't know anything about Boston.
Tom said he didn't have time to eat right now.
Tom said he didn't have the energy to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any desire to do that.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that again.
Tom said Mary knew he wanted to do that again.
Tom probably won't find what he's looking for.
Tom often wakes up in the middle of the night.
Tom managed to sleep a few hours on the plane.
Tom isn't going to leave Mary here by herself.
Tom isn't going to find what he's looking for.
Tom isn't a friend. He's just an acquaintance.
Tom is waiting for Mary to make that decision.
Tom is very concerned about what might happen.
Tom is trying to find out what he needs to do.
Tom is still not sure why he needs to do that.
Tom is still determined to do that by himself.
Tom is sitting in the shade of the apple tree.
Tom is one of the most generous people I know.
Tom is more scared of you than you are of him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help him do that.
Tom is looking for a way to solve the problem.
Tom is going to have a goodbye party for Mary.
Tom is going to build a wall around his house.
Tom is going to be here for a couple of hours.
Tom is facing a much bigger problem than that.
Tom is doing something he's never done before.
Tom has two sisters. Both of them are married.
Tom has read every book in the school library.
Tom has decided to give Mary another chance.
Tom got out of the pool and dried himself off.
Tom got angry when he saw what Mary was doing.
Tom doesn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom doesn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom doesn't remember what happened that night.
Tom doesn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom doesn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Boston.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to go.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom didn't want to be the last one to do that.
Tom could've protected Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom asked me not to pitch my tent next to his.
Tom asked if I was willing to do that for him.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom and Mary's marriage didn't last very long.
Tom and Mary didn't travel together, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they were married.
Tom and Mary aren't seeing each other anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to get married.
Tom and Mary aren't able to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary are very proud of their children.
Tom and Mary are going to name their son John.
Tom and Mary are both very smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very angry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite rich, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty old, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both overweight, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doing that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both carpenters, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both afraid of their fathers.
Tom and John moved to Boston with their wives.
Tom and John fell in love with the same woman.
Tom and John are both dating women named Mary.
Tom and John are both dating girls named Mary.
There usually isn't much traffic on this road.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has moved back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been studying French.
My parents are usually at home in the evening.
Mary and Alice fell in love with the same man.
It might rain, so take your umbrella with you.
I'm not willing to do what Tom asked me to do.
I'll take care of all the travel arrangements.
I'd rather watch a movie than a baseball game.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were married.
I was warned not to believe anything Tom says.
I want you to come straight home after school.
I thought Tom and Mary were dating each other.
I think you waste too much time playing games.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that once.
I think Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I promise I won't wake you up when I get home.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't know whether I can believe Tom or not.
I didn't think it would be so easy to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were your children.
I didn't enjoy my last job. That's why I quit.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary got married.
How many songs did Tom and Mary sing together?
Don't Tom and Mary usually eat lunch together?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Do Tom and Mary live in the same neighborhood?
Didn't Tom and Mary used to hang out together?
Did Tom and Mary go on lots of trips together?
All of Tom's friends thought that he was rich.
You coat is dirty. You should get it cleaned.
We had less snow here than usual last winter.
Tom will probably be chosen for the position.
Tom will be grilling fish for dinner tonight.
Tom wasn't able to take care of his children.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in the library.
Tom was confused and didn't know what to say.
Tom wanted to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom wanted to marry Mary and John's daughter.
Tom wanted to learn how to cook Chinese food.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did what she did.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wanted to know the cause of the accident.
Tom wanted to know if you've heard from Mary.
Tom wanted to go out to get something to eat.
Tom wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom walked into his room and closed the door.
Tom told me that he's already read that book.
Tom thought he'd be able to help us tomorrow.
Tom should tell Mary why he wants to do that.
Tom says he won't need to do that right away.
Tom says he won't have to do that right away.
Tom says he won't have to do that by himself.
Tom says he won't have time to do that today.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very willing to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he did that.
Tom said that he was really enjoying himself.
Tom said that he was really eager to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't through doing that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't feeling very tired.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at today's meeting.
Tom said that Mary was going to be very late.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said he was desperate to find a solution.
Tom said he didn't want to work here anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about school.
Tom said he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom said he didn't think he ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't know where he should park.
Tom said he didn't know what he needed to do.
Tom said he didn't know if he had to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom promised me he'd help me paint my garage.
Tom never leaves the house without his phone.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and cried.
Tom isn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom is trying to find out what we need to do.
Tom is trying to find out what we have to do.
Tom is too young to be doing that on his own.
Tom is the most patient person I've ever met.
Tom is supposed to be helping me do that now.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary right now.
Tom is still trying to figure out what to do.
Tom is still looking for a house he can rent.
Tom is looking for a solution to the problem.
Tom is looking for a place to live in Boston.
Tom is here to make sure that doesn't happen.
Tom is here because he wants to talk to Mary.
Tom is going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom is going to love that hat you bought him.
Tom is going to have to ask Mary to help him.
Tom is going to find out what has to be done.
Tom is going to discuss that with Mary later.
Tom is getting the results that he hoped for.
Tom is getting married three months from now.
Tom is fortunate that he was able to do that.
Tom is doing everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom is approximately the same weight as Mary.
Tom is approximately the same height as Mary.
Tom is always asking me to do things for him.
Tom hates being disturbed when he's studying.
Tom has learned a lot about Boston from Mary.
Tom has done everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom has decided to give Mary a second chance.
Tom has already told Mary what she should do.
Tom has a pen, but he doesn't have any paper.
Tom explained his plan to both Mary and John.
Tom doesn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom doesn't want to give his old car to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom doesn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Tom doesn't ever win when he plays badminton.
Tom didn't want to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom didn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom didn't need to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to sell any of his paintings.
Tom didn't need to help if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to get up as early as he did.
Tom didn't need to do that, but he wanted to.
Tom didn't need to come if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to ask anyone for directions.
Tom didn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
Tom didn't know he should do that by himself.
Tom didn't have to sell any of his paintings.
Tom didn't have to do that, but he wanted to.
Tom didn't have to ask anyone for directions.
Tom criticized Mary for the way she did that.
Tom asked Mary if she had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary used to be friends, didn't they?
Tom and Mary told me they're getting married.
Tom and Mary told me they used to be married.
Tom and Mary spent a romantic night together.
Tom and Mary never told me they were married.
Tom and Mary never said they weren't married.
Tom and Mary are never here at the same time.
Tom and Mary are going to a concert together.
Tom and Mary are getting married next spring.
Tom and Mary are both talkative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both obstinate, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both obnoxious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in Boston, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at school, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both ambitious, aren't they?
This is a very good book. You should read it.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was this hat.
The actual price was lower than I'd expected.
Tell Tom that if he's finished, he can leave.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should do that together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has worked in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been friendly to me.
Last Monday, Tom and Mary ate lunch together.
It's a pity that Tom and Mary aren't friends.
It was really kind of you to help me do that.
I've already spent all the money you gave me.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't do that again.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is going to do that.
I'd like to be able to speak French fluently.
I was very impressed by the way Tom did that.
I want Tom and Mary working together on this.
I want Tom and Mary to work on this together.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were married.
I think snowboarding is more fun than skiing.
I think Tom should give Mary a second chance.
I promised I'd attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
I promise not to wake you up when I get home.
I promise I won't tell Tom about what we did.
I need to know what time you plan to do that.
I like garlic, but I don't eat it very often.
I hear Boston is very cold this time of year.
I haven't told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I have trouble staying awake during meetings.
I have something I have to do this afternoon.
I had a party last week, but Tom didn't come.
I don't usually do that, but I did yesterday.
I don't like either volleyball or basketball.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were married.
Don't Tom and Mary often play chess together?
Does Tom still want to go to the zoo with us?
Does Tom still think that's going to be easy?
Does Tom still think that's all he has to do?
Does Tom still speak French better than Mary?
Does Tom still go to the same school as Mary?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of movies?
Did you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
Did you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
By the time I got to the bank, it was closed.
Why should Tom want Mary to do that for him?
When are you going to start learning French?
Tom won't be able to help you do that today.
Tom will probably want to stay until Monday.
Tom will probably go to Boston next weekend.
Tom will be leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom will be flying back to Boston on Monday.
Tom was the only person who understood Mary.
Tom was sure Mary knew he wanted to do that.
Tom was late because his car ran out of gas.
Tom was asleep on the couch when I got home.
Tom wants the rest of the money you owe him.
Tom wanted to try doing something different.
Tom wanted to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wanted to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wanted to know what caused the accident.
Tom wanted to keep things the way they were.
Tom wanted to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom tried to talk Mary into raking his yard.
Tom told Mary that she should do that today.
Tom thought I wanted him to help me do that.
Tom stayed up all night texting his friends.
Tom should have no difficulty finding a job.
Tom shares an apartment with John in Boston.
Tom says he's glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't having a lot of fun.
Tom said that he was really having much fun.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at home on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom said he was very happy with the results.
Tom said he was very grateful for your help.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said he didn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with you.
Tom said he didn't think you should do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on going by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said he didn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't know what he ought to do.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary should do.
Tom said he didn't know anything about Mary.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that now.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that now.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that pretty soon.
Tom said Mary doesn't want to do that today.
Tom paid for dinner and left the restaurant.
Tom lit the candles on Mary's birthday cake.
Tom learned how to ride a horse last summer.
Tom isn't the only one who's made a mistake.
Tom isn't going to make it into work today.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go to the party.
Tom isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Tom is waiting for you to finish doing that.
Tom is trying to fix that problem right now.
Tom is trying to find out why that happened.
Tom is trying to find out what he has to do.
Tom is the most boring person I've ever met.
Tom is still not sure what needs to be done.
Tom is spending the weekend on Mary's ranch.
Tom is really looking forward to doing that.
Tom is never going to see Mary again, is he?
Tom is looking for a man named John Jackson.
Tom is leaving for Australia in the morning.
Tom is hoping to have that done by tomorrow.
Tom is having a lot of trouble with his car.
Tom is going to need to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom is going to love the hat you bought him.
Tom is going to have to make some new rules.
Tom is going to have to do better than this.
Tom is going to have an interesting evening.
Tom is going to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom is doing everything he can to find Mary.
Tom is collecting blankets for the homeless.
Tom is approximately the same weight as you.
Tom is approximately the same height as you.
Tom is actually looking into that right now.
Tom is about thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom invited his friends over for a barbecue.
Tom hasn't yet read that book, but Mary has.
Tom has written a lot of interesting things.
Tom has lost his keys three times this week.
Tom has been living in Boston since October.
Tom had to wait three hours for a tow truck.
Tom had a pen, but he didn't have any paper.
Tom drinks tea, but he doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom doesn't want to continue working for us.
Tom doesn't think he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom doesn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care whether we help him or not.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom didn't want to spend any time with Mary.
Tom didn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom didn't want to finish what he was doing.
Tom didn't want to do something he'd regret.
Tom didn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he lived.
Tom didn't know that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary traveled together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary left the room at the same time.
Tom and Mary had a romantic dinner together.
Tom and Mary did that together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be together.
Tom and Mary are getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are both very shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both talented, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both stubborn, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both sleeping, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both reading the same book.
Tom and Mary are both prepared, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both gullible, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both generous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both creative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both careless, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both busy now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both annoying, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age.
Tom Jackson is the president of the company.
The bank was closed by the time I got there.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should travel together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived in Australia.
It's going to be nice to see everyone again.
It's going to be delivered tomorrow morning.
It was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate.
I'm tired of eating the same food every day.
I'm sorry I was late. It won't happen again.
I'm eating dinner now. Can I call you later?
I'd rather be too early than to be too late.
I'd like to help you, but I can't right now.
I wouldn't try to do that without some help.
I wouldn't try doing that without some help.
I told Tom it would be dangerous to do that.
I thought you said you needed me to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were already married.
I think you waste too much time watching TV.
I think I should be able to find your place.
I promise not to tell Tom about what we did.
I need to know what'll happen if we do that.
I need to buy some food for tonight's party.
I know that Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I have a problem remembering people's names.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still married.
I don't want to share my ice cream with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were so close.
I came here because I wanted to talk to you.
I came here because I wanted to talk to Tom.
How do I get to the train station from here?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone hiking together?
Doing that won't take too much of your time.
Does Tom still want to know how we did that?
Does Tom still think he'll get into Harvard?
Does Tom still think Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom still plan on doing that with Mary?
Does Tom still have a key to your apartment?
Does Tom still go to the same school as you?
Does Tom still get along with his coworkers?
Does Tom still enjoy watching horror movies?
Do you think Tom will pass his driving test?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still married?
Do you think I should tell Tom everything?
Do both Tom and Mary have your phone number?
Do Tom and Mary read the same kind of books?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of music?
"I work in Boston." "I work in Boston, too."
Why would Tom want Mary to do that for him?
Who told you that Tom and Mary were dating?
Where does Tom want me to put his suitcase?
Were Tom and Mary together for a long time?
We can't let anyone know about what we did.
Tom will be staying there for three months.
Tom will be leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom will be here until the end of the week.
Tom will be going to the dentist on Monday.
Tom wears the same color clothes every day.
Tom was the only one who didn't want to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't need to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't have to go.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary does that.
Tom wants to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom wants the rest of the money we owe him.
Tom wanted to spend time with his children.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom wanted to know if I could speak French.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in Boston with him.
Tom told Mary what he thought of her ideas.
Tom thought that he'd never see Mary again.
Tom slid his sunglasses on top of his head.
Tom sends about thirty text messages a day.
Tom seems to be shocked that this happened.
Tom says he won't have time to do that now.
Tom says he isn't going to wait any longer.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in love with him.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to be late.
Tom said that Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
Tom said that Mary was finished doing that.
Tom said he won't be buying anything today.
Tom said he wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom said he was looking for a place to eat.
Tom said he doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever do that.
Tom said he didn't really know where to go.
Tom said he didn't really know what to buy.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't plan on going this week.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was born.
Tom said he didn't intend to do that again.
Tom said he didn't have any concrete plans.
Tom said Mary was home in bed with the flu.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that again.
Tom put Mary's drawing on the refrigerator.
Tom never discusses his work with his wife.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't always do that.
Tom knew he should've done that by himself.
Tom isn't the only one who's made mistakes.
Tom isn't the only one here who knows Mary.
Tom is too old to be doing that on his own.
Tom is taking a French class this semester.
Tom is sure Mary knew he wanted to do that.
Tom is supposed to be helping me right now.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary do that.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to get there.
Tom is ready to do exactly as you've asked.
Tom is only thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom is never going to do that again, is he?
Tom is likely to be about three hours late.
Tom is late because his car ran out of gas.
Tom is going to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom is going to eventually figure this out.
Tom is doing things he's never done before.
Tom is definitely doing that the right way.
Tom is awfully sorry about what's happened.
Tom is approximately the same weight as me.
Tom is approximately the same height as me.
Tom hasn't talked to me since his accident.
Tom has told Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom has memorized a number of French songs.
Tom has been in the hospital since October.
Tom doesn't want to start his own business.
Tom doesn't want to finish what he's doing.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's very good at French.
Tom doesn't think he can do that right now.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom doesn't speak either French or English.
Tom doesn't really know how old his dog is.
Tom doesn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on going back there again.
Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has time to do that.
Tom doesn't get as much sleep as he should.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom didn't want to wait for us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom didn't want to continue working for us.
Tom didn't want to answer Mary's questions.
Tom didn't need to wait for us, but he did.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston by himself.
Tom didn't have to go to Boston by himself.
Tom didn't have to go if he didn't want to.
Tom considered telling Mary not to do that.
Tom and Mary hardly ever agree on anything.
Tom and Mary do almost everything together.
Tom and Mary are getting married next week.
Tom and Mary are getting married in Boston.
Tom and Mary are both nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both married, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both leaving, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lawyers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both jealous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doctors, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at work, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at home, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are actually on the same team.
There weren't many people at Tom's concert.
The post office is within walking distance.
The Jacksons have three dogs and three cats.
That's going to have to be done over again.
Please tell Tom that Mary wants to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Australia.
It's going to be very difficult to explain.
It's going to be really lonely without you.
It's going to be a while until we're ready.
It's going to be a good experience for Tom.
It'll take about thirty minutes to do that.
It doesn't cost much to stay at that hotel.
It didn't snow as much as usual last winter.
I'm supposed to be helping Tom do that now.
I'm so glad Tom and Mary get along so well.
I'm having trouble finding a place to live.
I'd prefer to take a taxi rather than walk.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I wish I'd never given Tom my phone number.
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom was.
I was told that Tom didn't want to do that.
I want you to come home right after school.
I understand French better than I speak it.
I think Tom was just trying to be friendly.
I think Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I think I went to school with your brother.
I know you probably didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary did that together.
I had no idea Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I doubt Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think we should stay at this hotel.
I don't know when Tom and Mary got married.
I don't feel like going to the beach today.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were married.
I didn't get any of the jobs I applied for.
I can see mountains from my bedroom window.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married.
How long have you and Tom known each other?
How could Tom have done such a crazy thing?
Does Tom still want me to teach him French?
Does Tom still think Mary is a good driver?
Do Tom and Mary usually eat the same thing?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of food?
Ask Tom if he wants me to help him do that.
Are you sure you know what Tom wants to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom needs to do?
You can turn the music off if you want to.
Would you like to go to the beach with us?
What's the best way to get to the station?
What's Tom going to do after he graduates?
We didn't have very much snow last winter.
We can't put off this decision any longer.
Tom's house isn't far from where he works.
Tom will have no difficulty finding a job.
Tom will be leaving for Boston in an hour.
Tom was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom was lucky to have had help doing that.
Tom was going to tell Mary, but he forgot.
Tom was afraid he'd be eaten by a monster.
Tom wants to talk to you before you leave.
Tom wants Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom wanted to meet some of Mary's friends.
Tom wanted to know if you're free tonight.
Tom wanted to be a famous baseball player.
Tom used to have a guitar, but he sold it.
Tom told me that Mary was good at her job.
Tom thanked the police for protecting him.
Tom seems to be really curious about that.
Tom seems to be having a really good time.
Tom says he's tired of talking about Mary.
Tom says he'll answer that question later.
Tom says he won't have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't in love with Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't at home on Monday.
Tom said that he was really uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in love with me.
Tom said that Mary was willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that Mary was at today's meeting.
Tom said he was happy to be of assistance.
Tom said he was grateful for what you did.
Tom said he isn't here to talk about that.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that today.
Tom said he didn't want to see that movie.
Tom said he didn't think I should do that.
Tom said he didn't remember what happened.
Tom said he didn't really know what to do.
Tom said he didn't know what he should do.
Tom said he didn't know what he had to do.
Tom said he didn't know much about Boston.
Tom said he didn't know how Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that either.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom rides his bicycle to school every day.
Tom probably won't get much sleep tonight.
Tom made me swear not to tell his parents.
Tom knows Mary no longer wants to do that.
Tom isn't sure that's what he wants to do.
Tom isn't going to make it in time, is he?
Tom isn't going to get much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't as influential as he used to be.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back home.
Tom is using an old bus as a storage shed.
Tom is the only person who understands me.
Tom is the only friend Mary has in Boston.
Tom is still not sure what should be done.
Tom is still not sure what he ought to do.
Tom is still not sure what he needs to do.
Tom is still not sure what has to be done.
Tom is smoking a cigarette on the balcony.
Tom is lucky to have Mary working for him.
Tom is looking forward to your being here.
Tom is looking forward to seeing you soon.
Tom is looking forward to getting started.
Tom is here for the same reason that I am.
Tom is going to a cocktail party tomorrow.
Tom is getting a lot better at doing that.
Tom is fortunate that he can do that here.
Tom is better off now than he's ever been.
Tom is approximately the same age as Mary.
Tom hopes that he won't have to work late.
Tom has been trying to get a hold of Mary.
Tom has been here for the last three days.
Tom has apparently been arguing with Mary.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got into his car.
Tom found some gold coins in his backyard.
Tom drove his children to soccer practice.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go to graduate school.
Tom doesn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do everything himself.
Tom doesn't want to become an electrician.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary is able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't really like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't really know where he was born.
Tom doesn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't often win when he plays chess.
Tom doesn't like Mary calling him at work.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has been doing.
Tom doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom doesn't know anything about astronomy.
Tom didn't want to know what was going on.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom didn't want to answer those questions.
Tom didn't want Mary to come to the party.
Tom didn't realize Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't need to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't need to answer those questions.
Tom didn't need to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't have to tell me how to do that.
Tom didn't have to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't have to answer Mary's question.
Tom did something I never thought he'd do.
Tom could understand everything Mary said.
Tom and Mary weren't married at that time.
Tom and Mary were married for a long time.
Tom and Mary went on a long hike together.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't married.
Tom and Mary have different personalities.
Tom and Mary have decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary got married thirty years ago.
Tom and Mary didn't understand each other.
Tom and Mary aren't related to each other.
Tom and Mary are studying French together.
Tom and Mary are here for the same reason.
Tom and Mary are going out again tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are both sleepy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both scared, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both asleep, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both OK now, aren't they?
This is a hard time for both Tom and Mary.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should sing together.
Let's open a window to get some fresh air.
Let me tell you something about my family.
Is that blue car outside your house yours?
Is it true that Tom and Mary were engaged?
I'm sorry for any trouble I've caused you.
I'm not sure why Tom wanted me to do that.
I'd like an apartment with three bedrooms.
I'd be interested to know what Tom thinks.
I wasn't willing to spend that much money.
I wasn't willing to pay such a high price.
I washed my hands because they were dirty.
I was warned not to believe what Tom said.
I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I turned off the light as I left the room.
I think Tom needs to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom didn't need to leave so early.
I think Tom didn't have to leave so early.
I think Tom could do that if he needed to.
I think I could do that if I really tried.
I sometimes walk to school, but not often.
I love your shoes. Where did you get them?
I know Tom is likely to regret doing that.
I hear Boston is pretty this time of year.
I have trouble remembering people's names.
I have something I need to explain to you.
I don't think you can do that by yourself.
I don't know what Tom was doing yesterday.
How do I get to the post office from here?
Haven't Tom and Mary ever danced together?
Don't Tom and Mary usually study together?
Does Tom still think that's what you want?
Does Tom still always speak French to you?
Does Tom know that you're going to Boston?
Do Tom and John usually wear ties to work?
Are you saying Tom didn't need to do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't have to do that?
When was the last time Tom cooked dinner?
We ate at the restaurant Tom recommended.
Tom wore his Halloween costume to school.
Tom will definitely tell Mary to do that.
Tom will be here for a couple more hours.
Tom was the only Canadian at the meeting.
Tom was surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom was lucky Mary wasn't there with him.
Tom wants to start doing that right away.
Tom wanted to surprise you by doing that.
Tom wanted to see what was in the drawer.
Tom wanted to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wanted to know what we planned to do.
Tom wanted to know what we plan on doing.
Tom wanted to borrow money from me again.
Tom wanted to be the center of attention.
Tom wanted to be a professional musician.
Tom used to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom told me he was born in this hospital.
Tom thought he should do that by himself.
Tom thinks he's better than other people.
Tom stayed inside because it was raining.
Tom sent Mary flowers on Valentine's Day.
Tom says he's really tired of doing that.
Tom says he's going to ask Mary for help.
Tom says he won't have to do that either.
Tom says he misses his wife and children.
Tom says he hopes something happens soon.
Tom said that he wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom said that he was really disappointed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to leave.
Tom said he's sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he wanted to relax a little bit.
Tom said he wanted to do that right away.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of food.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about it.
Tom said he didn't think it was possible.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could swim.
Tom said he didn't plan to go by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom said he didn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.
Tom said he didn't know why you did that.
Tom said he didn't have time for romance.
Tom said he didn't have health insurance.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary did that.
Tom said Mary thought she had to do that.
Tom said Mary has never done that before.
Tom sacrificed his own life to save Mary.
Tom refused to tell me what had happened.
Tom looked like he was going to collapse.
Tom learned a lot about Boston from Mary.
Tom isn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom isn't sure why Mary did what she did.
Tom is worse off now than he's ever been.
Tom is supposed to be helping me do that.
Tom is still not allowed to talk to Mary.
Tom is still looking for a house to rent.
Tom is so lucky to have Mary on his team.
Tom is safer here than he'd be in Boston.
Tom is probably still fascinated by that.
Tom is only half way finished doing that.
Tom is on the same team as you, isn't he?
Tom is meeting us at the station at 2:30.
Tom is going to need your help after all.
Tom is going to need a little more money.
Tom is going to meet Mary in three hours.
Tom is going to invite Mary to his party.
Tom is going to have to change his plans.
Tom is getting pretty good at doing that.
Tom is flying back to Boston on the 20th.
Tom is expecting Mary to do that for him.
Tom is expected back in Boston on Monday.
Tom is counting on me for financial help.
Tom is attempting to correct the problem.
Tom is approximately the same age as you.
Tom is always busy this time of the year.
Tom is already where he's supposed to be.
Tom has told me that he wants to do that.
Tom has to take care of his younger brother.
Tom has read every book on the top shelf.
Tom has put on a lot of weight this year.
Tom has done something he shouldn't have.
Tom has decided to become a yoga teacher.
Tom has been sick for the last three days.
Tom gave Mary a little kiss on her cheek.
Tom doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom doesn't want to know what's going on.
Tom doesn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom doesn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't need to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know when the meeting starts.
Tom doesn't have to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom didn't want to do everything himself.
Tom didn't want to become an electrician.
Tom didn't want to be at today's meeting.
Tom didn't want Mary to get into trouble.
Tom didn't need to tell anybody anything.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't have to tell anybody anything.
Tom didn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom decided to give Mary a second chance.
Tom asked me if I had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary were looking for each other.
Tom and Mary enjoy doing things together.
Tom and Mary both swear they're innocent.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be together.
Tom and Mary are studying the same thing.
Tom and Mary are drinking the same thing.
Tom and Mary are both young, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both wrong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both tough, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both there, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both short, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lucky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both happy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both crazy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry, aren't they?
Tom and John always wear similar clothes.
Tom always takes a shower in the morning.
Tom always has his nose buried in a book.
This building used to be a movie theater.
The road we were going to take is closed.
That's going to have to be done tomorrow.
Please don't forget to close the windows.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should eat together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to learn French.
Maybe we'll see each other again tonight.
Mary was the first girl I ever kissed.
It's my fault. I wasn't paying attention.
It's likely going to be too cold to swim.
It's going to have to be done over again.
Is it true that Tom and Mary got married?
I've made up my mind to become a teacher.
I've lived in this house for three years.
I've heard the steak here is really good.
I've been married to Tom for three years.
I'm sure Tom isn't going to buy that car.
I'm pretty sure that Tom never said that.
I'm not willing to spend that much money.
I'm not willing to pay such a high price.
I'm looking forward to going on vacation.
I'll be playing tennis with Tom tomorrow.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom for money.
I would've liked to have done that again.
I try to brush my teeth after every meal.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't.
I thought that Tom and Mary were married.
I think you'd better take a look at this.
I think that both Tom and Mary have died.
I think Tom looks better without a beard.
I think Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I think Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
I think I could do that if you helped me.
I like this sweater. I think I'll buy it.
I heard that it's going to snow tomorrow.
I heard that it's going to rain tomorrow.
I hear that movie is supposed to be good.
I don't really need to do that right now.
I don't like Tom, and he doesn't like me.
I bought a magazine to read on the plane.
How many songs has Tom written with Mary?
How long have Tom and Mary been together?
Have you already discussed this with Tom?
Even Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Does Tom still think that's what we want?
Does Tom still plan to do that with Mary?
Does Tom still need to do that every day?
Does Tom still go to church every Sunday?
Do Tom and Mary work in the same company?
Do Tom and Mary teach at the same school?
Did you really think I wouldn't help you?
Could you give Tom a ride to the airport?
Are you sure you know what Tom has to do?
Why don't Tom and Mary do that together?
Where were you at 2:Monday afternoon?
We saw Tom as we were leaving the hotel.
Tom's friend whispered something to him.
Tom won't be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom will probably be sentenced to death.
Tom will do what Mary said he should do.
Tom will definitely ask Mary to do that.
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.
Tom will be meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom went to the shopping mall with Mary.
Tom went shopping three times last week.
Tom was surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in Boston.
Tom wanted to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wanted to have his car painted blue.
Tom wanted to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Tom thought he knew what should be done.
Tom thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom swam to the other side of the river.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom started his new job three weeks ago.
Tom says he's been doing that for years.
Tom says he'd rather not go out tonight.
Tom says he won't have to do that today.
Tom says he won't have to do that again.
Tom says he wants to show you something.
Tom said that he wasn't in love with me.
Tom said that he was very uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was really embarrassed.
Tom said that he was really discouraged.
Tom said that he wanted us to help Mary.
Tom said that Mary wasn't really scared.
Tom said that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that Mary was glad he did that.
Tom said he'd contact me, but he didn't.
Tom said he wasn't going anywhere today.
Tom said he talked to Mary this morning.
Tom said he didn't want to work outside.
Tom said he didn't want to wait for you.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would cry.
Tom said he didn't remember that at all.
Tom said he didn't regret what happened.
Tom said he didn't plan to go this week.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that here.
Tom said he didn't like living downtown.
Tom said he didn't know what to do next.
Tom said he didn't have time to eat now.
Tom said he didn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom said he didn't feel that way at all.
Tom said he didn't believe you did that.
Tom said Mary has done that three times.
Tom refused to tell me his phone number.
Tom plucked up the courage to kiss Mary.
Tom looked like he hadn't slept in days.
Tom let Mary know where he wanted to go.
Tom let Mary know what he wanted to eat.
Tom knows that Mary sometimes does that.
Tom isn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom isn't likely to get much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't going to let me sing with him.
Tom isn't going to force you to do that.
Tom isn't doing as well as he should be.
Tom is waiting for that to happen again.
Tom is the only one here who knows Mary.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to arrive.
Tom is still not sure why that happened.
Tom is still not sure what he should do.
Tom is still not sure what he has to do.
Tom is sitting on a bench in the garden.
Tom is running a little behind schedule.
Tom is probably safe for the time being.
Tom is only half way through doing that.
Tom is now the manager of a golf course.
Tom is never going to get there on time.
Tom is in the kitchen cooking something.
Tom is having the same problems Mary is.
Tom is going to visit Boston next month.
Tom is going to need our help, isn't he?
Tom is going to need a little more time.
Tom is going to leave in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to go to Boston in October.
Tom is going to go camping next weekend.
Tom is going to get married next summer.
Tom is going to find out how to do that.
Tom is going to be the person in charge.
Tom is going to be late for the concert.
Tom is going back to Boston this summer.
Tom is getting rid of his old furniture.
Tom is getting a lot better at swimming.
Tom is getting a lot better at baseball.
Tom is doing everything he can for Mary.
Tom is definitely doing the right thing.
Tom is approximately the same age as me.
Tom hung his clothes on the clothesline.
Tom has met a lot of interesting people.
Tom has found another way to make money.
Tom has been in Australia since October.
Tom got paid much less than he expected.
Tom got a job in Boston teaching French.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss on her cheek.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play chess with you.
Tom doesn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to get home after dark.
Tom doesn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't want me hanging around here.
Tom doesn't think he could ever do that.
Tom doesn't speak any foreign languages.
Tom doesn't ride his motorcycle anymore.
Tom doesn't really know how old Mary is.
Tom doesn't really feel like doing that.
Tom doesn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to go back there again.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't do that very often, does he?
Tom doesn't care whether we stay or not.
Tom doesn't believe you really did that.
Tom didn't want to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary what to do.
Tom denied that he had stolen the money.
Tom asked me why I applied for this job.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary have never worked together.
Tom and Mary have been working together.
Tom and Mary are now officially engaged.
Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
Tom and Mary are looking for each other.
Tom and Mary are going to work together.
Tom and Mary are both tall, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lazy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both here, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both busy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are actually quite similar.
Tom and John have found new girlfriends.
This is exactly what Tom said he wanted.
There's some cheese in the refrigerator.
The Jacksons are always home on Mondays.
Our store won't be open on Thanksgiving.
Neither Tom nor Mary has visited Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has studied French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pocket watch.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pickup truck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Japanese car.
Mary and Alice are normal teenage girls.
It doesn't cost much to go there by bus.
I've never seen Tom riding a motorcycle.
I've been having bad headaches recently.
I'm trying to study, so please be quiet.
I'm looking forward to talking with you.
I'm going to pick up Tom at the airport.
I'm going out with some friends tonight.
I was working yesterday, but Tom wasn't.
I was the only one who got here on time.
I visited Tom in the hospital last week.
I tried to open the jar, but I couldn't.
I thought it would be easier to do that.
I think Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I think Tom should get some new clothes.
I think Tom and Mary should get married.
I stopped to get gas on the way to work.
I spoke with Tom yesterday on the phone.
I played tennis with Tom this afternoon.
I only agree with some of what you said.
I need to know when you plan to do that.
I might do that today, but I'm not sure.
I know that both Tom and Mary have died.
I know Tom, but I've never met his wife.
I knew Tom would likely need to do that.
I just wish Tom didn't need to be alone.
I hope I'll never have to do that again.
I hear Tom and Mary are getting married.
I haven't seen Tom for such a long time.
I don't think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't mind staying home with the kids.
I don't like cold weather, but Tom does.
I don't know as many people as Tom does.
I don't get along with my mother-in-law.
I didn't want to answer Tom's questions.
I can't imagine Tom riding a motorcycle.
I can't believe how bad this traffic is.
Haven't Tom and Mary ever sung together?
You're going to have to do that for me.
You don't need to worry about anything.
You aren't supposed to burn trash here.
Would you like me to turn on the light?
Women's clothes are on the third floor.
Why don't Tom and Mary travel together?
Why did Tom want Mary to eat with John?
When has Tom ever done anything for me?
We stayed at the hotel Tom recommended.
We ate at a restaurant Tom recommended.
Tom's grandmother died three years ago.
Tom worked in a bank from to 2013.
Tom wore a pirate costume to the party.
Tom will probably win the championship.
Tom will probably still be unimpressed.
Tom will probably be home this evening.
Tom will probably be cut from the team.
Tom will leave Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom will be moving to Boston next week.
Tom will be here for a couple of hours.
Tom wasn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was wearing a very expensive watch.
Tom was supposed to be protecting Mary.
Tom wanted to talk about what happened.
Tom wanted to have lunch with me today.
Tom wanted to go home, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to give his old car to Mary.
Tom wanted to be a computer programmer.
Tom wanted Mary to play chess with him.
Tom used to have a car, but he sold it.
Tom took a deep breath to calm himself.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom suggested that we go to the movies.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom says he won't have time to do that.
Tom says he won't go to Boston anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to leave.
Tom said that he was really optimistic.
Tom said that he was really interested.
Tom said that he was really frustrated.
Tom said that Mary wasn't disappointed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ambidextrous.
Tom said that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom said that Mary was too busy to eat.
Tom said that Mary was already married.
Tom said he wanted to change his plans.
Tom said he wanted to buy a few things.
Tom said he really enjoyed the concert.
Tom said he needed to get out of there.
Tom said he needed to buy a few things.
Tom said he didn't want to talk to you.
Tom said he didn't think you'd do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on being there.
Tom said he didn't need to do that now.
Tom said he didn't have to do that now.
Tom never really intended to help Mary.
Tom let Mary know what he wanted to do.
Tom knows he should do that by himself.
Tom joined the company three years ago.
Tom isn't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom isn't the only one who'll be there.
Tom isn't sure what he should be doing.
Tom isn't quite sure why that happened.
Tom isn't going to stay here very long.
Tom isn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom is waiting for something to happen.
Tom is very sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom is very satisfied with the results.
Tom is sure that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is still not allowed to visit Mary.
Tom is proud of what he's accomplished.
Tom is playing football this afternoon.
Tom is obviously doing something right.
Tom is lucky Mary isn't there with him.
Tom is lucky Mary hasn't done that yet.
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom is just not used to doing that yet.
Tom is in his room, listening to music.
Tom is having the same problems we are.
Tom is going to take good care of Mary.
Tom is going to stay in Boston a while.
Tom is going to see Mary again tonight.
Tom is going to name his daughter Mary.
Tom is going to have to sell his house.
Tom is going to have some fun tomorrow.
Tom is going to Boston for three weeks.
Tom is getting married in three months.
Tom is flying back to Boston on Monday.
Tom is excited about the possibilities.
Tom is doing the right thing, isn't he?
Tom is convinced that Mary is innocent.
Tom is coming back to Boston next week.
Tom has to go somewhere this afternoon.
Tom has to do something this afternoon.
Tom has made several very big mistakes.
Tom has lived in many different places.
Tom has given up trying to lose weight.
Tom has been in his office all morning.
Tom doesn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom doesn't want to go back to college.
Tom doesn't want to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom doesn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen today.
Tom doesn't think he can do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom doesn't need to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't know what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't know what made him do that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't have to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't have the energy to do that.
Tom doesn't feel like eating right now.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that again.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom didn't want to move back to Boston.
Tom didn't want to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to get home after dark.
Tom didn't want to come here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom didn't want Mary to get in trouble.
Tom didn't tell me that he was married.
Tom didn't need to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't have to stay inside all day.
Tom didn't have to go there by himself.
Tom considered telling Mary to do that.
Tom became a father when he was thirty.
Tom asked me to do that for a few days.
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?
Tom and Mary stood up at the same time.
Tom and Mary seem to be a happy couple.
Tom and Mary are stuck with each other.
Tom and Mary are still discussing that.
Tom and Mary are smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary are reading the same book.
Tom and Mary are lucky it's not Monday.
Tom and Mary are having a conversation.
Tom and Mary are going to pay for this.
Tom and Mary are eating the same thing.
Tom and Mary are both shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both on the same team.
Tom and Mary adopted a girl from China.
Tom and I'll do that as soon as we can.
The shoe department is on the third floor.
The instructions were very complicated.
Neither Tom nor Mary has written to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten fatter.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue jeans on.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been punished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been notified.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been drinking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been deported.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been arrested.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rice cooker.
Let's fly to Boston instead of driving.
It's going to have to be done tomorrow.
It looks like Tom might be influential.
It looks like Tom isn't busy right now.
Is there a convenience store near here?
If it doesn't stop raining, I won't go.
I've heard the steak here is very good.
I've been bitten by dogs several times.
I'm supposed to be helping Tom do that.
I'm sorry for yelling at you yesterday.
I'm planning to visit Boston next year.
I'd like to try some of the local food.
I'd like a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I was very surprised by Tom's reaction.
I was very impressed with Tom's speech.
I was the only one to get here on time.
I try to avoid Tom as much as possible.
I thought Tom didn't like Mary anymore.
I think that something's bothering Tom.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to Mary.
I think Tom and Mary are still married.
I started working here three weeks ago.
I never thought I'd be this successful.
I like snowboarding better than skiing.
I know Tom will likely want to do that.
I know Tom will likely need to do that.
I know Tom will likely have to do that.
I hope you have a great time in Boston.
I hear Boston is hot this time of year.
I haven't seen that movie, but Tom has.
I have an uncle who lives in Australia.
I have a cousin who lives in Australia.
I had to go to the dentist last Monday.
I eat fruit every day, but Tom doesn't.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't like the way you're doing that.
I don't like the way Tom is doing that.
I don't like hot weather, but Tom does.
I don't ever want to talk to Tom again.
I don't agree with everything you said.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were dating.
How long have you and Tom been friends?
How long has Tom been staying with you?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked together?
Feel free to call if you need anything.
Eventually, that'll happen to you, too.
Don't you remember what Tom did to you?
Does Tom still want to go home with us?
Does Tom still want to do that with us?
Does Tom still want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom always pay attention in class?
Do you know why Tom decided to do that?
Do Tom and Mary work at the same place?
Do Tom and John still have girlfriends?
Are Tom and Mary getting back together?
You're the first guy I've ever kissed.
Why does Tom want to hang out with us?
What kind of factory does Tom work in?
We've lived in Boston for a long time.
We're still dealing with that problem.
Was Tom busy when you went to see him?
Tom's salary is much higher than mine.
Tom's house isn't far from his school.
Tom's house isn't far from his office.
Tom won't leave Mary there by herself.
Tom won't be working with us tomorrow.
Tom won't be going to Australia again.
Tom will probably win the scholarship.
Tom will probably still be suspicious.
Tom will probably still be interested.
Tom will probably be put on probation.
Tom will probably be busy after lunch.
Tom will leave early tomorrow morning.
Tom will be thirty in just a few days.
Tom will be leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom will be leaving Boston next month.
Tom will be able to find a job easily.
Tom wears the same size shoes as I do.
Tom wasn't able to solve that problem.
Tom was the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom was paying really close attention.
Tom wants to talk about what happened.
Tom wants to show Mary how to do that.
Tom wants to see you before you leave.
Tom wanted to try something different.
Tom wanted to open his own restaurant.
Tom wanted to meet you in the library.
Tom wanted to learn to sing in French.
Tom wanted to learn some French songs.
Tom wanted to go to the beach with us.
Tom wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom walks his dog at least once a day.
Tom told me that everything was ready.
Tom stopped reading and went to sleep.
Tom shouldn't have worried about that.
Tom shouldn't have stayed out so late.
Tom seems to be having a heart attack.
Tom says he's having a wonderful time.
Tom says he won't need to do that now.
Tom sat on the grass, playing ukulele.
Tom said that he wasn't uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was very discouraged.
Tom said that he was tired, but happy.
Tom said that he was really surprised.
Tom said that he was really skeptical.
Tom said that he was really satisfied.
Tom said that he was really irritated.
Tom said that he was really intrigued.
Tom said that he was really impressed.
Tom said that he was really exhausted.
Tom said that he was really desperate.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sympathetic.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to go.
Tom said that Mary wasn't intoxicated.
Tom said that Mary wasn't embarrassed.
Tom said he wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't think he'd do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary left.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary did.
Tom said he didn't do that very often.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that today.
Tom said Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom pictured himself lying on a beach.
Tom never told me that he was married.
Tom never said that, as far as I know.
Tom met people from various countries.
Tom looks like he's going to collapse.
Tom isn't used to getting up so early.
Tom isn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom isn't sure what's going to happen.
Tom isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom isn't going to let that stop Mary.
Tom isn't going to buy anything today.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that.
Tom isn't expecting any help from you.
Tom is the only one who's still there.
Tom is the only Canadian working here.
Tom is the only Canadian in our class.
Tom is the most patient person I know.
Tom is supposed to be protecting Mary.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring.
Tom is still having trouble with Mary.
Tom is responsible for this situation.
Tom is quite pleased with the results.
Tom is quite confident that'll happen.
Tom is probably somewhere in the park.
Tom is probably outside near the pool.
Tom is never going to make it on time.
Tom is lucky to have Mary on his team.
Tom is lucky to have Mary helping him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help him.
Tom is leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom is just where he's supposed to be.
Tom is going to the dentist on Monday.
Tom is going to see if he can do that.
Tom is going to need to do that today.
Tom is going to get there before Mary.
Tom is going to find out who did that.
Tom is going to do things his own way.
Tom is getting ready for Mary's visit.
Tom is getting a lot better at French.
Tom is expecting Mary to be home soon.
Tom is definitely not having much fun.
Tom is coming to pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom has told Mary he wants to do that.
Tom has to make an important decision.
Tom has long blond hair and blue eyes.
Tom has gained a little bit of weight.
Tom has caused a lot of problems here.
Tom has both experience and knowledge.
Tom has been in Boston for three days.
Tom has been in Boston for many years.
Tom doesn't want to talk about school.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't want to go to grad school.
Tom doesn't want to get married again.
Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to come to our party.
Tom doesn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom doesn't really know how old he is.
Tom doesn't plan to do that this week.
Tom doesn't need to know who did that.
Tom doesn't need to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't know where he should park.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is married.
Tom doesn't know if he has to do that.
Tom doesn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom didn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom didn't want to tell me what to do.
Tom didn't want to tell me everything.
Tom didn't want to take off his shirt.
Tom didn't want to play chess with me.
Tom didn't want to go to school today.
Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom didn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom didn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom didn't want to be like his father.
Tom didn't want me to sit next to him.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't need to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't need to go to school today.
Tom didn't need to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't need to do that on his own.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't have to spend time in jail.
Tom didn't have to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't have to go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't have to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't have to do that on his own.
Tom didn't have to be told what to do.
Tom did better than I did on the test.
Tom can teach both French and English.
Tom bought some new clothes last week.
Tom and Mary got married in Australia.
Tom and Mary are very devoted parents.
Tom and Mary are talking on the phone.
Tom and Mary are going to get married.
Tom and Mary are going to be together.
Tom and Mary are both OK, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are about to have a baby.
Tom and John always wear ties to work.
Tom always blames Mary for everything.
This won't take too much of your time.
There were a lot of people on the bus.
The train was more crowded than usual.
The faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spoken to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has quit smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has one of those.
It's going to be interesting for sure.
I've forgotten the words to that song.
I've been looking for you all morning.
I've already talked to Tom about that.
I'm staying at a hotel near the beach.
I'm sorry for any trouble I've caused.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not sure how to get to your house.
I'm not going to do your work for you.
I'm going to take an umbrella with me.
I wonder why Tom wanted me to do that.
I was afraid because it was very dark.
I want a new computer for my birthday.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to you.
I need a few days to think about this.
I might be able to get you a discount.
I like your hat. Where did you get it?
I like to travel and visit new places.
I like both volleyball and basketball.
I know that you don't need to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I know Tom, but I don't know his wife.
I just started working here yesterday.
I hope you have a good time in Boston.
I hope you had a great time in Boston.
I hope to see Tom while I'm in Boston.
I haven't read that book, but Tom has.
I haven't been to Boston, but Tom has.
I have an aunt who lives in Australia.
I have a package here for Tom Jackson.
I had trouble finding a place to live.
I don't like spicy food, but Tom does.
I don't know as many people as you do.
I didn't know it was so far to Boston.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were twins.
I didn't enjoy the party, but Tom did.
I couldn't have done that without Tom.
I could do that if I really needed to.
Does Tom still want me to go with him?
Does Tom still think Mary can do that?
Does Tom still study French every day?
Do you think Tom will do that tonight?
Do you think Tom will be at the party?
Do you think Tom and Mary are married?
Do Tom and Mary have the same opinion?
Do Tom and Mary go to the same school?
You don't know Tom's brother, do you?
Why don't Tom and Mary sing together?
Why did Tom want to hang out with us?
We're meeting at Tom's house at 2:30.
Tom won't find what he's looking for.
Tom won't be going home anytime soon.
Tom won't be going anywhere with you.
Tom will probably be late for school.
Tom will probably arrive before 2:30.
Tom will do what Mary told him to do.
Tom will do that as soon as possible.
Tom will be leaving tomorrow morning.
Tom will be in Boston for a few days.
Tom went to the prison to visit Mary.
Tom was very candid in his interview.
Tom was talking about something else.
Tom was swimming in the pool earlier.
Tom was standing outside in the cold.
Tom wanted to start his own business.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was late.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did that.
Tom wanted to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wanted to get a driver's license.
Tom wanted to come to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to buy a present for Mary.
Tom wanted to borrow my car tomorrow.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions.
Tom wanted to ask us a few questions.
Tom told us about his life in Boston.
Tom told me he planned to rob a bank.
Tom told Mary why she should do that.
Tom thought I didn't want to do that.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary did.
Tom seems to be running out of ideas.
Tom seems to be enjoying his new job.
Tom says he's glad you could make it.
Tom says he's glad you could do that.
Tom said that something wasn't right.
Tom said that he wasn't ambidextrous.
Tom said that he was very frustrated.
Tom said that he was really ticklish.
Tom said that he was really offended.
Tom said that he was really grateful.
Tom said that he was really confused.
Tom said that he wanted to meet Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to help Mary.
Tom said that he found that exciting.
Tom said that Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom said that Mary wasn't optimistic.
Tom said that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary was feeling tired.
Tom said he'd help me load the truck.
Tom said he is glad that you're back.
Tom said he didn't want a girlfriend.
Tom said he didn't think I'd do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to step down.
Tom said he didn't like his nickname.
Tom said he didn't know anybody here.
Tom said he didn't believe in ghosts.
Tom said he bought his ticket online.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that soon.
Tom refused to tell me what happened.
Tom really wanted to dance with Mary.
Tom pawned the jewelry that he stole.
Tom needs to talk to you immediately.
Tom looks like he's tired of waiting.
Tom kissed Mary because he liked her.
Tom isn't sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom isn't likely to use that anymore.
Tom isn't going to let that stop him.
Tom isn't going to leave without you.
Tom isn't going to do anything crazy.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come home.
Tom is three minutes behind schedule.
Tom is the only one here from Boston.
Tom is still trying to figure it out.
Tom is running a bit behind schedule.
Tom is ready for whatever might come.
Tom is reading the same book as I am.
Tom is probably still doing that now.
Tom is pretty well known around here.
Tom is on his way back to the office.
Tom is managing all right on his own.
Tom is making plans for the holidays.
Tom is looking for somewhere to live.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is hoping something happens soon.
Tom is headed in the right direction.
Tom is headed back to town right now.
Tom is having the same problems I am.
Tom is having a party tomorrow night.
Tom is going to try to do that again.
Tom is going to have a party tonight.
Tom is going to do everything he can.
Tom is going to do as much as he can.
Tom is going to be the one in charge.
Tom is getting paid a lot to do that.
Tom is fortunate that he can do that.
Tom is definitely going to miss Mary.
Tom is concerned about Mary's future.
Tom is a person who gets things done.
Tom is a lot stronger than I thought.
Tom hurt his knee playing basketball.
Tom heard Mary practicing her violin.
Tom has just gotten back from Boston.
Tom has a thirty-year-old girlfriend.
Tom doesn't want to try anything new.
Tom doesn't want to see either of us.
Tom doesn't want to return to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom doesn't want to go to the movies.
Tom doesn't want to go out with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to eat here tonight.
Tom doesn't want to do that with you.
Tom doesn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to become a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to become a fireman.
Tom doesn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom doesn't want to attend the party.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever do that.
Tom doesn't think he can do that now.
Tom doesn't play the piano very well.
Tom doesn't plan on going by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom doesn't know where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know what he ought to do.
Tom doesn't know what has to be done.
Tom doesn't know what Mary should do.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that now.
Tom didn't want to say anything else.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to the meeting.
Tom didn't want to go to grad school.
Tom didn't want to go out for a walk.
Tom didn't want to get here so early.
Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come to our party.
Tom didn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to be here on Monday.
Tom didn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom didn't want that to happen again.
Tom didn't need to say anything else.
Tom didn't need to know who did that.
Tom didn't need to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't need to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't need to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't need to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't have to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't have to go to the meeting.
Tom didn't have to get here so early.
Tom didn't have to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't have to be here on Monday.
Tom did worse than I did on the test.
Tom asked me why I wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary to quit bothering him.
Tom and Mary walk to school together.
Tom and Mary remind me of my parents.
Tom and Mary are often seen together.
Tom and Mary are good friends, right?
Tom and Mary are both single parents.
Tom and John aren't really my uncles.
Tom and John are normal teenage boys.
These sunglasses were very expensive.
There weren't any chairs in the room.
The weather wasn't so nice yesterday.
Our store isn't open on Thanksgiving.
Men's clothes are on the third floor.
Mary and Alice are intelligent women.
Keep these documents in a safe place.
It's going to be fine this afternoon.
It was really kind of you to help me.
If I were you, I'd refuse to do that.
I've talked to you about this before.
I've spent all the money you gave me.
I've seen that movie, but Tom hasn't.
I've met a lot of interesting people.
I've lived in Boston for a long time.
I've finished translating the report.
I've finished cleaning the apartment.
I'm tired. I'd like to go to bed now.
I'm sure Tom didn't need to be alone.
I'm sure Tom didn't have to be alone.
I'm not sure what Tom has been doing.
I'm glad Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'll try to talk Tom into doing that.
I'll be staying at home this evening.
I'd rather handle the problem myself.
I'd do anything to protect my family.
I'd advise not staying at that hotel.
I won't buy this. It's too expensive.
I went shopping after work yesterday.
I told Tom to relax and take it easy.
I thought doing that would be easier.
I think you should get your hair cut.
I plan to watch a movie after school.
I plan to wash my car this afternoon.
I need to spend some time doing that.
I need more time to think about this.
I know that Tom and Mary are married.
I know that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I hurried so that I wouldn't be late.
I hope you had a good time in Boston.
I hear that Tom and Mary got married.
I have to be home no later than 2:30.
I had no trouble finding Tom's house.
I had difficulty finding Tom's house.
I got a new computer for my birthday.
I forgot to thank Tom for helping me.
I feel like going to the beach today.
I don't think you'll like this movie.
I don't think I'll play tennis today.
I don't know what Tom has been doing.
I asked Tom about that several times.
How long would you like to stay here?
Does Tom still talk to you in French?
Does Tom still have a sense of humor?
Does Tom still drive a station wagon?
Did either Tom or Mary have any help?
Did Tom really try to commit suicide?
Both of Tom's sisters live in Boston.
Are you sure you know what Tom needs?
Why does Tom want to talk with Mary?
We're not likely to see that happen.
We can't let anyone know about this.
Traffic's really bad on Park Street.
Tom's house isn't far from the park.
Tom would've preferred to stay home.
Tom won't be here, but Mary will be.
Tom will probably succeed this time.
Tom will probably regret doing that.
Tom will probably pass today's exam.
Tom will probably forget to do that.
Tom will probably be home on Monday.
Tom will probably be famous someday.
Tom will likely tell Mary he's busy.
Tom will eventually figure this out.
Tom will be buying his ticket today.
Tom went to the cemetery by himself.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary was doing.
Tom wasn't doing that the right way.
Tom was working as hard as possible.
Tom was supposed to speak with Mary.
Tom was probably thirty at the time.
Tom was just trying to protect Mary.
Tom was caught completely off guard.
Tom was aware of what was happening.
Tom wanted to play tennis with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to graduate school.
Tom wanted to go shopping with Mary.
Tom wanted to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wanted to become an electrician.
Tom wanted to be at today's meeting.
Tom usually plays tennis on Mondays.
Tom took these pictures last summer.
Tom teaches both French and English.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that today.
Tom showed me a picture of his wife.
Tom should try doing something else.
Tom seems to be intimidated by Mary.
Tom says he's glad you're all right.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go.
Tom said that he wasn't intoxicated.
Tom said that he wasn't embarrassed.
Tom said that he was very satisfied.
Tom said that he was really worried.
Tom said that he was really unlucky.
Tom said that he was really unhappy.
Tom said that he was really thirsty.
Tom said that he was really nervous.
Tom said that he was really jealous.
Tom said that he was really curious.
Tom said that Mary was conservative.
Tom said he was thrilled to be back.
Tom said he was mugged by three men.
Tom said he was feeling pretty good.
Tom said he wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom said he didn't remember my name.
Tom said he didn't remember a thing.
Tom said he didn't plan to be there.
Tom said he didn't like his new job.
Tom said he didn't know how to swim.
Tom said he didn't have enough time.
Tom said he didn't have any regrets.
Tom said he didn't feel like eating.
Tom said Mary wants John to do that.
Tom realized Mary wanted to do that.
Tom promised me he wouldn't be late.
Tom often dozes off in French class.
Tom needs to get used to doing that.
Tom memorized three poems last week.
Tom isn't worried about that at all.
Tom isn't very good at what he does.
Tom isn't used to this kind of work.
Tom isn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom isn't sure what to do with Mary.
Tom isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom isn't really worried about that.
Tom isn't interested in such things.
Tom isn't going to take any chances.
Tom isn't always at home on Mondays.
Tom is working on getting that done.
Tom is waiting for things to happen.
Tom is waiting for his test results.
Tom is trying to do the smart thing.
Tom is trying to do the right thing.
Tom is thinking of buying a new car.
Tom is the only one who'll be there.
Tom is sure that it was an accident.
Tom is still not allowed to do that.
Tom is sick and tired of doing that.
Tom is quite happy with the results.
Tom is probably still in his office.
Tom is probably still in Boston now.
Tom is likely to win again tomorrow.
Tom is likely to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to cry if Mary leaves.
Tom is likely to be grouchy all day.
Tom is likely to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is investigating that right now.
Tom is in trouble. Can you help him?
Tom is in the same business as I am.
Tom is in the kitchen making coffee.
Tom is hoping to be here in October.
Tom is having a nice time in Boston.
Tom is going to need some more time.
Tom is going to have to verify this.
Tom is going to do that next spring.
Tom is going to Boston next weekend.
Tom is going in the right direction.
Tom is getting a lot of things done.
Tom is expecting Mary at any moment.
Tom is about the same weight as you.
Tom is a very nice person, isn't he?
Tom is a teacher. He teaches French.
Tom hasn't told you the whole truth.
Tom has worked here for three years.
Tom has to travel a lot for his job.
Tom has caused us a lot of problems.
Tom has been watching TV since 2:30.
Tom had no difficulty getting a job.
Tom had no difficulty finding a job.
Tom goes to school with my daughter.
Tom goes out drinking every weekend.
Tom gives piano lessons to children.
Tom gave away all of his belongings.
Tom dropped Mary off at the library.
Tom doesn't want to talk about that.
Tom doesn't want to study in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to see the results.
Tom doesn't want to live on his own.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to drink champagne.
Tom doesn't want to do that, either.
Tom doesn't want to do anything new.
Tom doesn't want to change all that.
Tom doesn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom doesn't want to buy our old car.
Tom doesn't want to buy another car.
Tom doesn't want to borrow your car.
Tom doesn't want to become a priest.
Tom doesn't want to become a doctor.
Tom doesn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom doesn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Tom doesn't really know where to go.
Tom doesn't really know what to buy.
Tom doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't plan on going this week.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom doesn't need to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know when Mary was born.
Tom doesn't know how to play tennis.
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't have any concrete plans.
Tom didn't want to work last Monday.
Tom didn't want to try anything new.
Tom didn't want to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't want to see either of us.
Tom didn't want to return to Boston.
Tom didn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom didn't want to help, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to work today.
Tom didn't want to go to the movies.
Tom didn't want to explain it to me.
Tom didn't want to explain anything.
Tom didn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't want to change the topic.
Tom didn't want to become a teacher.
Tom didn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to become a fireman.
Tom didn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom didn't want to attend the party.
Tom didn't need to work last Monday.
Tom didn't need to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't need to pay for anything.
Tom didn't need to help, but he did.
Tom didn't get into trouble.
Tom didn't need to explain it to me.
Tom didn't know why Mary was absent.
Tom didn't have to go to the doctor.
Tom didn't have to go there himself.
Tom caught sight of his best friend.
Tom can't help you do that today.
Tom can't fix everything by himself.
Tom can stay with us if he wants to.
Tom and Mary have similar interests.
Tom and Mary are together right now.
Tom and Mary are still best friends.
Tom and Mary are complete opposites.
Tom and John sleep in the same room.
Tom always wears a hat, even inside.
Tom always kisses Mary good morning.
Tom always blames me for everything.
Tom almost passed out from the pain.
These sunglasses are very expensive.
Please don't leave the windows open.
Please come home right after school.
Our store is open seven days a week.
It's too late to go to the bank now.
It's going to be winter before long.
It's going to be fine tomorrow, too.
It's going to be crowded everywhere.
It's going to be a little different.
It's going to be a great experience.
It was very crowded in the elevator.
It looks like Tom is having fun now.
I've seen the way Tom looks at Mary.
I've been working very hard all day.
I've been having terrible headaches.
I've already read most of this book.
I'm sure Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm sorry I yelled at you yesterday.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like me.
I'm not used to getting up so early.
I'm not used to driving on the left.
I'm likely to get home late tonight.
I'll be back by the end of the year.
I'd prefer not to do that right now.
I'd like to fly to Boston on Monday.
I was the one who needed to do that.
I warned you not to come here again.
I warned Tom not to come here again.
I want to stay and help Tom do that.
I want to handle the problem myself.
I used to go to the beach every day.
I think what Tom is doing is stupid.
I think we aren't on the right road.
I think Tom didn't see me yesterday.
I think Tom did that subconsciously.
I think I did very well on the test.
I suggest you do what Tom suggested.
I still need you to help me do that.
I speak three languages fairly well.
I promise I won't leave without you.
I needed to be the one who did that.
I need to tell my wife I'll be late.
I need a few days to think about it.
I met a man whose brother knows you.
I haven't been invited to the party.
I have a cousin who lives in Boston.
I got Tom to help me move the piano.
I don't watch TV much, but Tom does.
I don't think we should do that yet.
I don't think people should do that.
I don't think I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think I'm going to marry Tom.
I don't remember seeing you do that.
I don't remember Mary's maiden name.
I don't like the people I work with.
I didn't tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't tell Tom about the problem.
I can play the guitar. Tom can, too.
I bought a one-way ticket to Boston.
I asked Tom to introduce Mary to me.
How did Tom and Mary become friends?
Don't forget to give Tom some money.
Does Tom still want us to help Mary?
Does Tom still want to do that, too?
Does Tom still want me to help Mary?
Does Tom still think he can do that?
Does Tom still put sugar in his tea?
Does Tom still need a place to stay?
Does Tom still look like he's happy?
Does Tom still have a crush on Mary?
Do you and Tom live near each other?
Could Tom have done that by himself?
You need to talk to Tom personally.
You may tell Tom whatever you like.
You can tell Tom whatever you like.
Why would Tom want Mary to do that?
Why does Tom want to do that today?
Why did Tom want to talk with Mary?
Why did Tom do such a stupid thing?
Why are you doing that by yourself?
When does Tom have to go to Boston?
We don't see each other very often.
Tom's bicycle was stolen last week.
Tom would've liked to do that, too.
Tom works for a well-known company.
Tom wondered what Mary had in mind.
Tom will probably enjoy doing that.
Tom will explain this to you later.
Tom will be leaving this afternoon.
Tom wasn't having a very good time.
Tom wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom was just trying to protect you.
Tom was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom was aware of what was going on.
Tom wanted to work as a translator.
Tom wanted to travel around Europe.
Tom wanted to say something to you.
Tom wanted to know what to do next.
Tom wanted to have a word with you.
Tom wanted to get home before dark.
Tom wanted to get better at French.
Tom wanted to come over after work.
Tom wanted to buy a new smartphone.
Tom wanted to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wanted to become a voice actor.
Tom wanted to be popular at school.
Tom wanted to be friends with Mary.
Tom used to be a very good swimmer.
Tom used to be a strict vegetarian.
Tom told me that he can see ghosts.
Tom suggested I ask you for advice.
Tom still doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom spent three weeks in Australia.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about that.
Tom shouldn't have skipped classes.
Tom shielded his eyes from the sun.
Tom says he has no plan to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't optimistic.
Tom said that he wasn't interested.
Tom said that he wasn't in a hurry.
Tom said that he wasn't going bald.
Tom said that he was very grateful.
Tom said that he was really sleepy.
Tom said that he was really lonely.
Tom said that he was really hungry.
Tom said that he was really afraid.
Tom said that he wanted to help us.
Tom said that everything was ready.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom said that Mary wasn't prepared.
Tom said that Mary wasn't offended.
Tom said that Mary wasn't innocent.
Tom said that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom said that Mary was overwhelmed.
Tom said that Mary was intoxicated.
Tom said that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom said he was dying to meet Mary.
Tom said he wanted to leave Boston.
Tom said he doesn't want to retire.
Tom said he didn't know any French.
Tom said he didn't feel well today.
Tom refused to give me a ride home.
Tom put a towel on Mary's forehead.
Tom opened the door and walked out.
Tom now lives with his friend John.
Tom never discussed that with Mary.
Tom needs to find a way to do that.
Tom made his own Halloween costume.
Tom likes Boston, but Mary doesn't.
Tom isn't sure what else he can do.
Tom isn't on the same team as I am.
Tom isn't likely to use this again.
Tom isn't going to wait any longer.
Tom isn't going to starve to death.
Tom isn't going to make it in time.
Tom isn't going to get out of here.
Tom isn't going to change anything.
Tom isn't going back there anymore.
Tom isn't exactly sure what it was.
Tom isn't doing that for the money.
Tom isn't doing anything right now.
Tom is working on the arrangements.
Tom is working as hard as possible.
Tom is waiting for you to help him.
Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom is too busy to talk to you now.
Tom is three weeks behind schedule.
Tom is three hours behind schedule.
Tom is the only one who knows that.
Tom is the only one Mary can trust.
Tom is supposed to speak with Mary.
Tom is scheduled to leave tomorrow.
Tom is saving money to buy a house.
Tom is really good at what he does.
Tom is pretty good at what he does.
Tom is on the same team as Mary is.
Tom is obviously very disappointed.
Tom is meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom is looking into that right now.
Tom is looking for a place to stay.
Tom is looking for a friend of his.
Tom is likely to never forget this.
Tom is likely to leave next Monday.
Tom is likely to help a little bit.
Tom is likely to do that next week.
Tom is likely to become frustrated.
Tom is likely to be pretty nervous.
Tom is likely to be grumpy all day.
Tom is likely to be back by Monday.
Tom is keeping his fingers crossed.
Tom is just trying to protect Mary.
Tom is investigating the situation.
Tom is in the kitchen helping Mary.
Tom is helping Mary with something.
Tom is helping Mary in the kitchen.
Tom is going to wait here for Mary.
Tom is going to the beach tomorrow.
Tom is going to tell Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to take a quick break.
Tom is going to stay until the end.
Tom is going to stay at home today.
Tom is going to have to leave soon.
Tom is going to go to Mary's party.
Tom is going to clean up this mess.
Tom is going to be working tonight.
Tom is going to be there next week.
Tom is going to be late for school.
Tom is going to Boston this winter.
Tom is getting married next spring.
Tom is fortunate to still be alive.
Tom is fortunate to have Mary here.
Tom is excited about the challenge.
Tom is doing what needs to be done.
Tom is dealing with that right now.
Tom is bound to have some problems.
Tom is aware of the risks involved.
Tom is always trying something new.
Tom is about the same weight as me.
Tom is a few weeks behind schedule.
Tom hopped in the car and took off.
Tom hasn't asked me to do anything.
Tom has very few friends in Boston.
Tom has been wasting a lot of time.
Tom has been trying to do too much.
Tom has been trying to contact you.
Tom has been testing new equipment.
Tom got his nose broken in a fight.
Tom gave Mary a big hug and a kiss.
Tom drove his children to the pool.
Tom doesn't want to study medicine.
Tom doesn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to speak with you.
Tom doesn't want to see that movie.
Tom doesn't want to play billiards.
Tom doesn't want to go there again.
Tom doesn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to be an engineer.
Tom doesn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom doesn't want to be a celebrity.
Tom doesn't understand much French.
Tom doesn't really know what to do.
Tom doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't know much about tennis.
Tom doesn't know how to enjoy life.
Tom does everything we tell him to.
Tom didn't want to study in Boston.
Tom didn't want to see the results.
Tom didn't want to live on his own.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach.
Tom didn't want to drive that fast.
Tom didn't want to drink champagne.
Tom didn't want to do that, either.
Tom didn't want to do that, did he?
Tom didn't want to do anything new.
Tom didn't want to change all that.
Tom didn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom didn't want to buy our old car.
Tom didn't want to become a priest.
Tom didn't want to become a doctor.
Tom didn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom didn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom didn't want to apologize to me.
Tom didn't need to wait any longer.
Tom didn't need to drive that fast.
Tom didn't need to come here today.
Tom didn't need to apologize to me.
Tom didn't have to wait any longer.
Tom didn't have to drive that fast.
Tom didn't have to do that, did he?
Tom arrived in Australia on Monday.
Tom and Mary left the bar together.
Tom and Mary got married last week.
Tom and Mary are taking a big risk.
Tom and Mary are studying together.
Tom and Mary are both the same age.
There isn't any snow on the ground.
The police are going to arrest you.
That hotel is too expensive for me.
Please stay with me a while longer.
Let me carry your suitcase for you.
Is it far from here to the station?
I've just spoken to Tom about that.
I've just eaten, so I'm not hungry.
I'm not quite sure where Tom lives.
I'm going to take swimming lessons.
I'm getting good at reading French.
I'd like to buy a ticket to Boston.
I worked yesterday, but Tom didn't.
I won't go unless it stops raining.
I wish Tom were here with us today.
I was just as surprised as Tom was.
I think you should go see a doctor.
I saw a traffic accident yesterday.
I promise not to leave without you.
I need to know when you'll do that.
I need some money to buy some food.
I need more time to think about it.
I need a few days to think it over.
I met a man whose father knows Tom.
I know Tom didn't need to be there.
I know Tom didn't have to be there.
I hope that Tom and Mary get along.
I don't want to go out in the rain.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.
I don't feel like going to bed yet.
I don't enjoy cleaning the kitchen.
I don't drink coffee, but Tom does.
I didn't need to do that by myself.
I didn't get the job I applied for.
I could've done that, but I didn't.
I bought this when I was in Boston.
I bought this in Boston last month.
I assume you don't need to do that.
I agree with some of what you said.
I agree with some of what Tom said.
Everything will turn out all right.
Does Tom still want us to help him?
Does Tom still want to leave today?
Does Tom still want to eat with us?
Does Tom still want me to help him?
Does Tom still tell you what to do?
Does Tom still tell you everything?
Does Tom still really believe that?
Does Tom still look nervous to you?
Does Tom still have a summer house?
Does Tom still get paid to do that?
Does Tom still buy you nice things?
Does Tom have to work on Saturdays?
Do you think Tom will call tonight?
Do these cookies have nuts in them?
Did either Tom or Mary have a plan?
Ask Tom if he's sold his house yet.
Aren't Tom and Mary still together?
You'd better go back to your room.
Why did Tom want to do that today?
Why did Tom do such a crazy thing?
Tom's house isn't far from Mary's.
Tom won't be leaving without Mary.
Tom will probably want to do that.
Tom will probably still be groggy.
Tom will probably need to do that.
Tom will probably have to do that.
Tom will probably get there early.
Tom will help me do that tomorrow.
Tom will be leaving here tomorrow.
Tom went roller skating with Mary.
Tom was delighted with the result.
Tom was concerned about that, too.
Tom was at Mary's house yesterday.
Tom wanted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary alone.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary.
Tom wanted to play chess with you.
Tom wanted to move back to Boston.
Tom wanted to live in the country.
Tom wanted to go, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to get a part-time job.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wanted to be a French teacher.
Tom took a long time to get ready.
Tom thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks Mary isn't influential.
Tom suggested going to the movies.
Tom still wants to be on our team.
Tom slammed his fist on the table.
Tom says he's here to support you.
Tom says he'd be happy to do that.
Tom sat in the back of the church.
Tom sat cross-legged on the couch.
Tom said that something was wrong.
Tom said that he wasn't terrified.
Tom said that he was very unlucky.
Tom said that he was very shocked.
Tom said that he was very jealous.
Tom said that he was really upset.
Tom said that he was really tired.
Tom said that he was really sorry.
Tom said that he was really lucky.
Tom said that he was really happy.
Tom said that he was really drunk.
Tom said that he was really broke.
Tom said that he was really bored.
Tom said that he was really angry.
Tom said that he could see ghosts.
Tom said that Mary wasn't pleased.
Tom said that Mary wasn't jealous.
Tom said that Mary wasn't annoyed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't adopted.
Tom said that Mary was optimistic.
Tom said that Mary was in a hurry.
Tom said he'd help load the truck.
Tom said he was hoping to see you.
Tom said he was feeling confident.
Tom said he saw Mary this morning.
Tom said Mary saw John doing that.
Tom refused to admit he was wrong.
Tom really wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom needs to do a bit of shopping.
Tom moved to Boston with his wife.
Tom made several good suggestions.
Tom lost his job three months ago.
Tom looked like he'd seen a ghost.
Tom likes to study in the library.
Tom likes both Boston and Chicago.
Tom isn't used to having visitors.
Tom isn't the one getting married.
Tom isn't sure what Mary is doing.
Tom isn't really asking for money.
Tom isn't here to talk about that.
Tom isn't having a very good time.
Tom isn't going to take this well.
Tom isn't going to sell his house.
Tom isn't going to make it, is he?
Tom isn't going home anytime soon.
Tom isn't going anywhere with you.
Tom isn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom isn't exactly sure what it is.
Tom isn't doing that again, is he?
Tom isn't allowed to do that here.
Tom is very good at telling jokes.
Tom is used to having Mary around.
Tom is the one who made this mess.
Tom is taking care of what he can.
Tom is sure it wasn't an accident.
Tom is sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom is supposed to be working now.
Tom is still skeptical about that.
Tom is still a long way from home.
Tom is so ready for something new.
Tom is ready to do that, isn't he?
Tom is probably still unconscious.
Tom is probably still pessimistic.
Tom is probably still intoxicated.
Tom is probably smarter than Mary.
Tom is prepared to take that risk.
Tom is pleased with your progress.
Tom is no longer working for Mary.
Tom is moving to Boston next year.
Tom is moving to Boston next week.
Tom is lucky that Mary helped him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help.
Tom is looking for Mary right now.
Tom is likely to let Mary do that.
Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
Tom is just trying to protect you.
Tom is just here to play baseball.
Tom is just a high school student.
Tom is interested in helping Mary.
Tom is in Boston with his parents.
Tom is hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom is going to take a look at it.
Tom is going to meet Mary tonight.
Tom is going to make sure of that.
Tom is going to have to stop Mary.
Tom is going to have to help Mary.
Tom is going to go to Boston next.
Tom is going to be here all night.
Tom is going to ask Mary for help.
Tom is going to Boston in October.
Tom is a friend of yours, isn't he?
Tom is fortunate to have you here.
Tom is extremely proud of his son.
Tom is doing the very best he can.
Tom is definitely making progress.
Tom is concerned about his future.
Tom is busier than he's ever been.
Tom is better at French than Mary.
Tom is an excellent bridge player.
Tom is always doing something new.
Tom is already well aware of that.
Tom is almost finished doing that.
Tom is a pretty good cook himself.
Tom has been trying to save money.
Tom drove Mary to ballet practice.
Tom doesn't want to work for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk with you.
Tom doesn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom doesn't want to join the team.
Tom doesn't want to join our club.
Tom doesn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom doesn't want to go for a walk.
Tom doesn't want to buy any books.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new car.
Tom doesn't want to become famous.
Tom doesn't want to be left alone.
Tom doesn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom doesn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to be a designer.
Tom doesn't plan to go by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom doesn't like air conditioning.
Tom doesn't know a thing about it.
Tom doesn't know Boston very well.
Tom didn't want to wait very long.
Tom didn't want to study medicine.
Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom didn't want to speak with you.
Tom didn't want to play billiards.
Tom didn't want to go, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go there again.
Tom didn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom didn't want to do this for me.
Tom didn't want to do that either.
Tom didn't want to come yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston.
Tom didn't want to be an engineer.
Tom didn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom didn't need to work in Boston.
Tom didn't need to go, but he did.
Tom didn't need to go there alone.
Tom didn't need to do this for me.
Tom didn't need to do that either.
Tom didn't need to do it that way.
Tom didn't have to go there alone.
Tom didn't have to do it that way.
Tom crawled in through the window.
Tom chewed on his nails nervously.
Tom asked Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom and Mary have worked together.
Tom and Mary are working together.
Tom and Mary are playing together.
Tom and Mary are on the same side.
Tom and Mary are good friends now.
These are nice. How much are they?
The strike started three days ago.
The hamburgers here are very good.
The boss isn't going to fire Mary.
Please tell Tom I want to do that.
Our offices get cleaned every day.
Our offices are cleaned every day.
Keep these papers in a safe place.
It's going to be over in a minute.
It's going to be good to get home.
It's going to be a little cramped.
I've already written Tom an email.
I'm sure Tom will change his mind.
I'm sorry I was late this morning.
I'm not sure who Tom's married to.
I'm not sure how I should do that.
I'm not quite sure where you live.
I'm not married, but my sister is.
I'm not going to watch TV tonight.
I'm getting paid a lot to do this.
I wish Tom didn't want to do that.
I usually watch TV in the evening.
I think Tom works the night shift.
I think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I think I should do that tomorrow.
I suppose we'd better get started.
I promise I'll come to your party.
I need you to do that immediately.
I know Tom didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't have to do that.
I hope you don't miss your flight.
I hope nothing bad happens to Tom.
I have an infected cut on my foot.
I had trouble finding Tom's house.
I had no idea Tom was lying to us.
I had no idea Tom was lying to me.
I don't think you should buy that.
I don't think we should leave yet.
I don't play the guitar very well.
I don't mind cleaning the kitchen.
I don't like going to the dentist.
I don't have the key to this door.
I can't help you to do that today.
I can't believe you told Tom that.
How long has Tom been watching TV?
Have you paid your phone bill yet?
Does Tom still want to go with us?
Does Tom still think he can do it?
Does Tom still study after dinner?
Does Tom still live here with you?
Does Tom still like cheeseburgers?
Do Tom and Mary have many friends?
Do Tom and Mary have any children?
Do Tom and John still have beards?
Come back here as soon as you can.
Are Tom and Mary working together?
Your parents are older than mine.
You should put on warmer clothes.
Will you be at home next weekend?
Why does Tom want to do that now?
Who bought these tickets for you?
When did Tom arrive in Australia?
What exactly does Tom want to do?
What exactly does Tom need to do?
What exactly does Tom have to do?
What do Tom and Mary do together?
We should quit while we're ahead.
We have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom's salary is the same as mine.
Tom's leg needed to be amputated.
Tom's best friend is from Boston.
Tom wondered where Mary had gone.
Tom won't lend me any more money.
Tom won't get much sleep tonight.
Tom won't do that again, will he?
Tom wiped his hands on his jeans.
Tom will probably make a mistake.
Tom will probably make a fortune.
Tom will probably be heartbroken.
Tom will probably be embarrassed.
Tom will leave in thirty minutes.
Tom will leave Boston next month.
Tom will go to Boston in October.
Tom will be working this weekend.
Tom will be the person in charge.
Tom will be helping Mary do that.
Tom was supposed to protect Mary.
Tom was more confused than I was.
Tom was doing that the wrong way.
Tom was at the gym all afternoon.
Tom wants to remodel his kitchen.
Tom wanted to work in a hospital.
Tom wanted to tell you something.
Tom wanted to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wanted to show you something.
Tom wanted to go back to college.
Tom wanted to eat some ice cream.
Tom wanted to eat some apple pie.
Tom wanted to eat lunch with you.
Tom wanted to come here tomorrow.
Tom wanted to buy a leather belt.
Tom wanted to buy a fishing boat.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a present.
Tom wanted to be a tattoo artist.
Tom tapped his foot on the floor.
Tom still calls his father Daddy.
Tom should've done that long ago.
Tom served a long time in prison.
Tom says he's feeling very tired.
Tom says he really likes it here.
Tom said that he wasn't prepared.
Tom said that he was very scared.
Tom said that he was very amused.
Tom said that he was really sick.
Tom said that he was really rich.
Tom said that he was really poor.
Tom said that he was really cold.
Tom said that he was really busy.
Tom said that Mary wasn't strong.
Tom said that Mary was terrified.
Tom said that Mary was satisfied.
Tom said that Mary was miserable.
Tom said that Mary was irritated.
Tom said he's glad you're coming.
Tom said he'd pick me up at 2:30.
Tom said he'd clean up this mess.
Tom said he was tired of waiting.
Tom said he was happy to see you.
Tom said he was done for the day.
Tom said he had a wonderful time.
Tom said he didn't want to argue.
Tom said he didn't remember Mary.
Tom refused to give me any money.
Tom really needs to see a doctor.
Tom put the money in the gym bag.
Tom never discussed that with me.
Tom needs to be a little quieter.
Tom misses his wife and children.
Tom knew that Mary would do that.
Tom isn't used to doing that yet.
Tom isn't trying to impress Mary.
Tom isn't sure why that happened.
Tom isn't sure on how it started.
Tom isn't going to wait for Mary.
Tom isn't going to be here today.
Tom isn't doing anything tonight.
Tom isn't disturbing you, I hope.
Tom is worse off now than before.
Tom is working very hard on that.
Tom is willing to try new things.
Tom is wearing expensive clothes.
Tom is trying to do what's right.
Tom is taking a shower right now.
Tom is supposed to wait for Mary.
Tom is stocking up on everything.
Tom is still thirty minutes away.
Tom is still not sure what to do.
Tom is still confused about that.
Tom is reviewing all his options.
Tom is probably still handcuffed.
Tom is probably still eating now.
Tom is probably ready to do that.
Tom is pretty excited about that.
Tom is preparing to do just that.
Tom is planning a trip to Boston.
Tom is likely to wait until 2:30.
Tom is likely to stop doing that.
Tom is likely to leave next week.
Tom is likely to be leaving soon.
Tom is likely to be here all day.
Tom is likely to be back by 2:30.
Tom is leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom is leaving Boston next month.
Tom is just about ready to leave.
Tom is happy when he's with Mary.
Tom is going to the pool to swim.
Tom is going to need Mary's help.
Tom is going to get one of those.
Tom is going to fix those things.
Tom is going to change the rules.
Tom is going back to the library.
Tom is getting married in Boston.
Tom is filling in for Mary today.
Tom is filling in for Mary again.
Tom is expecting Mary to be here.
Tom is doing what he loves to do.
Tom is doing what he can to help.
Tom is doing everything possible.
Tom is determined to get answers.
Tom is delighted with the result.
Tom is dealing with that problem.
Tom is dating a woman named Mary.
Tom is concerned for your safety.
Tom is concerned about that, too.
Tom is committed to doing better.
Tom is coming with you, isn't he?
Tom is aware of what's happening.
Tom is at home with the children.
Tom is at home with his children.
Tom is anticipating more charges.
Tom is a very influential person.
Tom helped Mary unload the truck.
Tom hasn't asked me for anything.
Tom has to get up early tomorrow.
Tom has several Canadian friends.
Tom has done everything possible.
Tom has been trying to cut costs.
Tom has been here his whole life.
Tom has been filling in for Mary.
Tom has a good voice, doesn't he?
Tom had difficulty locating Mary.
Tom got out of the swimming pool.
Tom gets the same salary as I do.
Tom found a job at a supermarket.
Tom folded his T-shirt carefully.
Tom eats lunch at home every day.
Tom drove to Boston last weekend.
Tom drove from Boston to Chicago.
Tom doesn't want to visit Boston.
Tom doesn't want to study abroad.
Tom doesn't want to stick around.
Tom doesn't want to sell his car.
Tom doesn't want to see us again.
Tom doesn't want to say anything.
Tom doesn't want to leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go back home.
Tom doesn't want to dye his hair.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to be different.
Tom doesn't want to be an artist.
Tom doesn't want to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to be a fireman.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen.
Tom doesn't regret what happened.
Tom doesn't plan to go this week.
Tom doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom doesn't like living downtown.
Tom doesn't know much about that.
Tom doesn't go to church anymore.
Tom doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't do his job very well.
Tom didn't want to work for Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk with you.
Tom didn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom didn't want to join the team.
Tom didn't want to join our club.
Tom didn't want to help us today.
Tom didn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom didn't want to go for a walk.
Tom didn't want to give it a try.
Tom didn't want to do that alone.
Tom didn't want to come so early.
Tom didn't want to buy any books.
Tom didn't want to buy a new car.
Tom didn't want to become famous.
Tom didn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom didn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to be a designer.
Tom didn't want me to sit by him.
Tom didn't need to stand in line.
Tom didn't need to pay that much.
Tom didn't need to make a speech.
Tom didn't need to help us today.
Tom didn't need to go by himself.
Tom didn't need to give a speech.
Tom didn't need to do that today.
Tom didn't need to do that alone.
Tom didn't let Mary say anything.
Tom didn't have to stand in line.
Tom didn't have to speak so loud.
Tom didn't have to pay that much.
Tom didn't have to make a speech.
Tom didn't have to go by himself.
Tom didn't have to give a speech.
Tom didn't have to do that again.
Tom didn't have to dance with me.
Tom can't help you, but Mary can.
Tom can stay with us if he likes.
Tom brought his daughter to work.
Tom bought three bottles of wine.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary are both very lucky.
Tom and Mary are already engaged.
Tom and John are just young boys.
Tom and John are intelligent men.
The boss isn't going to fire you.
That's a very beautiful painting.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are married.
Obviously, Tom didn't need to go.
Neither Tom nor John has a beard.
My office is being painted today.
Mary thanked Tom for the flowers.
It's never going to happen again.
It's going to be a fun challenge.
It's going to be a big challenge.
I've invited Tom over for dinner.
I've come to pick up my children.
I'm thinking of buying a new car.
I'll carry your suitcase for you.
I'll call you tomorrow afternoon.
I'd recommend going there by bus.
I'd rather talk about this later.
I wish I knew what Tom was doing.
I waved to Tom and he waved back.
I was the one who had to do that.
I was late for work this morning.
I was just getting ready for bed.
I want to do that sometime today.
I took a picture of the schedule.
I told Tom not to talk so loudly.
I think Tom is likely to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are married.
I think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I stayed in bed until noon today.
I saw Tom, but I didn't see Mary.
I saw Tom staring at Mary's legs.
I saw Tom in Boston last weekend.
I remember turning off the stove.
I really, really need to do that.
I need you to do that right away.
I might not have time to do that.
I met a friend of mine yesterday.
I like volleyball and basketball.
I like the dress Mary is wearing.
I like broccoli, but Tom doesn't.
I like Tom, but I don't love him.
I knew Tom and Mary were married.
I hope to go to Boston next year.
I have three dogs and three cats.
I had trouble finding your house.
I don't think I'll do that today.
I didn't get up until noon today.
Evidently, Tom didn't need to go.
Evidently, Tom didn't have to go.
Don't forget to mail the letters.
Don't Tom and Mary work together?
Doing that will take us too long.
Does Tom still think Mary did it?
Does Tom still really want to go?
Does Tom still like Chinese food?
Does Tom still have a girlfriend?
Does Tom still do that every day?
Did you catch that fish yourself?
Can you explain that to me again?
Are you still seeing a therapist?
You should go back to your room.
Why should Tom do that for Mary?
Why does Tom want to go with us?
Why are you speaking so quietly?
We'll have to start without Tom.
We can't go on living like this.
Tom's only companion is his dog.
Tom's explanation was confusing.
Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
Tom will probably die this week.
Tom will probably be late again.
Tom will probably be interested.
Tom will probably be here later.
Tom will probably be frustrated.
Tom will probably be eating now.
Tom will probably be downstairs.
Tom will be filling in for Mary.
Tom went for a walk in the park.
Tom wasn't telling us the truth.
Tom wasn't looking for sympathy.
Tom wasn't carrying an umbrella.
Tom was with us the entire time.
Tom was where Mary said he'd be.
Tom was waiting for a tow truck.
Tom was at the party, wasn't he?
Tom was arrested for kidnapping.
Tom wanted to try something new.
Tom wanted to talk to you again.
Tom wanted to talk to all of us.
Tom wanted to pay off his debts.
Tom wanted to know who did that.
Tom wanted to go to grad school.
Tom wanted to go out for a walk.
Tom wanted to come to our party.
Tom wanted to borrow some money.
Tom wanted to be more like Mary.
Tom wanted to be a veterinarian.
Tom used to enjoy rock climbing.
Tom tried to comfort his mother.
Tom told Mary what was going on.
Tom told Mary that he was sorry.
Tom told Mary about what he did.
Tom thought I wanted to do that.
Tom taught Mary a lot of things.
Tom still wants to go to Boston.
Tom shouldn't have quit his job.
Tom should tell Mary about that.
Tom says that he can see ghosts.
Tom says he won't need our help.
Tom says he has to work tonight.
Tom said that he wasn't annoyed.
Tom said that he was very lucky.
Tom said that he was really mad.
Tom said that Mary was prepared.
Tom said that Mary was innocent.
Tom said that Mary was confused.
Tom said he'd be going by train.
Tom said he was glad to see you.
Tom said he was glad to be here.
Tom said he didn't want a party.
Tom rides his bicycle every day.
Tom put his money in a shoe box.
Tom probably has food poisoning.
Tom noticed something was wrong.
Tom needs to pay more attention.
Tom needs to clean up this mess.
Tom lives in Boston, doesn't he?
Tom likes tea, but Mary doesn't.
Tom likes both science and math.
Tom knew something was going on.
Tom just wants Mary to be happy.
Tom isn't used to wearing shoes.
Tom isn't used to the food here.
Tom isn't trying to impress you.
Tom isn't supposed to leave yet.
Tom isn't supposed to have that.
Tom isn't stubborn like you are.
Tom isn't going with you, is he?
Tom isn't going to wait for you.
Tom isn't going to let Mary die.
Tom isn't going to buy that car.
Tom isn't doing the best he can.
Tom isn't doing anything, is he?
Tom isn't disturbing you, is he?
Tom isn't at home. He's at work.
Tom isn't afraid of competition.
Tom is waiting to hear from you.
Tom is waiting for you to leave.
Tom is very proud of all of you.
Tom is used to having me around.
Tom is trying as hard as he can.
Tom is too old to be doing that.
Tom is the person who helped me.
Tom is supposed to wait for you.
Tom is supposed to protect Mary.
Tom is staying at another hotel.
Tom is somewhere in the stadium.
Tom is really good-looking, too.
Tom is really going to miss you.
Tom is probably still miserable.
Tom is playing soccer somewhere.
Tom is on a very tight schedule.
Tom is never going to find Mary.
Tom is my only friend in Boston.
Tom is lucky that we helped him.
Tom is looking for his passport.
Tom is looking for an apartment.
Tom is likely to let Mary drive.
Tom is likely to come home soon.
Tom is leaving tomorrow morning.
Tom is hoping Mary will say yes.
Tom is going with you, isn't he?
Tom is going to wait in the car.
Tom is going to visit Australia.
Tom is going to miss doing this.
Tom is going to miss doing that.
Tom is going to lose everything.
Tom is going to look after Mary.
Tom is going to freeze to death.
Tom is going to figure this out.
Tom is going to be needing this.
Tom is going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is getting busier every day.
Tom is doing that for the money.
Tom is dating a girl named Mary.
Tom is coming back home tonight.
Tom is at home with his parents.
Tom is always arguing with Mary.
Tom is about the same age as us.
Tom is a little behind schedule.
Tom insisted on buying me lunch.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't be late.
Tom has to do a bit of shopping.
Tom has stopped going to church.
Tom has made a very big mistake.
Tom has gone blind in both eyes.
Tom has done something very bad.
Tom has done something terrible.
Tom has been to Australia twice.
Tom has been managing just fine.
Tom has asked me to talk to you.
Tom has asked me for some money.
Tom had difficulty finding Mary.
Tom doesn't want to study music.
Tom doesn't want to say goodbye.
Tom doesn't want to read a book.
Tom doesn't want to pay in cash.
Tom doesn't want to go with you.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't want to go by train.
Tom doesn't want to eat with us.
Tom doesn't want to change that.
Tom doesn't want to be the boss.
Tom doesn't want to be a singer.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor.
Tom doesn't plan on being there.
Tom didn't want to wait in line.
Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Tom didn't want to talk so loud.
Tom didn't want to study abroad.
Tom didn't want to stick around.
Tom didn't want to stay with me.
Tom didn't want to sell his car.
Tom didn't want to learn French.
Tom didn't want to buy anything.
Tom didn't want to be in Boston.
Tom didn't want to be different.
Tom didn't want to be an artist.
Tom didn't want to be a teacher.
Tom didn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to be a fireman.
Tom didn't survive the accident.
Tom didn't need to wait in line.
Tom didn't need to talk so loud.
Tom didn't need to study French.
Tom didn't need to stay with me.
Tom didn't need to go with Mary.
Tom didn't need to go to school.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston.
Tom didn't need to go back home.
Tom didn't need to get involved.
Tom didn't need to be so formal.
Tom didn't need to ask for help.
Tom didn't like going to school.
Tom didn't have to study French.
Tom didn't have to go to school.
Tom didn't have to go to Boston.
Tom didn't have to go back home.
Tom didn't have to get involved.
Tom didn't have to buy anything.
Tom didn't have to ask for help.
Tom constantly checks his phone.
Tom can probably help us escape.
Tom and Mary will work together.
Tom and Mary aren't engaged yet.
Tom and Mary are just different.
Tom accused me of being selfish.
The weather isn't so nice today.
That's a very beautiful picture.
Should I tell Tom what happened?
Nothing serious happened to Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary is correct.
It's interesting to talk to Tom.
It's going to cool down tonight.
It's going to be very, very hot.
It's going to be cloudy all day.
It's going to be Christmas soon.
It was very crowded in the room.
I've never seen Tom around here.
I've never been bitten by a dog.
I'm used to driving on the left.
I'm sure Tom won't buy that car.
I'm not hungry, but I'm thirsty.
I'm not going to buy this shirt.
I'm going to send out my resume.
I'm glad Tom and Mary get along.
I'm dealing with that right now.
I'm Canadian, but my wife isn't.
I wasn't sure when I'd get here.
I was born in Australia in 2013.
I used to go swimming every day.
I think we're on the wrong road.
I think we'd better get started.
I still need to do that someday.
I now regret saying what I said.
I never like to travel by train.
I need to know why Tom did that.
I like the dress you're wearing.
I know lots of people in Boston.
I hope we don't miss our flight.
I guess we'd better get started.
I don't want to catch your cold.
I don't like being kept waiting.
I don't have Tom's phone number.
I didn't know that Tom was sick.
I bought these shoes last month.
Have you met your new neighbors?
Have you ever run in a marathon?
Even Tom didn't need to do that.
Even Tom didn't have to do that.
Does Tom still like Indian food?
Does Tom still believe in magic?
Does Tom have a fishing license?
Do you want me to open a window?
Do you think Tom is influential?
Are Tom and Mary still together?
"I work in Boston." "I do, too."
Why did Tom want to go with us?
Why did Tom want me to do that?
We played basketball on Monday.
Tom's locker is next to Mary's.
Tom won't have to say anything.
Tom will probably still be mad.
Tom will probably be terrified.
Tom will probably be skeptical.
Tom will probably be irritated.
Tom will probably be impressed.
Tom will probably be exhausted.
Tom will probably be desperate.
Tom will help me do that later.
Tom will drive us to the beach.
Tom will be helping me do that.
Tom went to college, didn't he?
Tom wasn't talking about today.
Tom was trying to impress Mary.
Tom was just talking about you.
Tom was being paid by the hour.
Tom wants Mary to do that for him.
Tom wanted to talk to me again.
Tom wanted to return to Boston.
Tom wanted to pay off his loan.
Tom wanted to own a restaurant.
Tom wanted to join the Marines.
Tom wanted to go to the movies.
Tom wanted to go out with Mary.
Tom wanted to file a complaint.
Tom wanted to eat here tonight.
Tom wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom wanted to do something new.
Tom wanted to come and see you.
Tom wanted to buy a few things.
Tom wanted to become a surgeon.
Tom wanted to become a fireman.
Tom wanted to become a citizen.
Tom wanted to be a firefighter.
Tom wanted to attend the party.
Tom wanted to apologize to you.
Tom used to be a heavy drinker.
Tom still calls his mother Mom.
Tom shouldn't watch so much TV.
Tom seems to be having fun now.
Tom says he won't study French.
Tom said that he wasn't strong.
Tom said that he wasn't lonely.
Tom said that Mary wasn't safe.
Tom said that Mary wasn't rich.
Tom said that Mary wasn't done.
Tom said that Mary was unlucky.
Tom said that Mary was thirsty.
Tom said that Mary was pleased.
Tom said he isn't going ashore.
Tom said he didn't like Boston.
Tom said Mary saw John do that.
Tom runs a successful business.
Tom really wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom realized that he was dying.
Tom put the turkey in the oven.
Tom put the money in the trunk.
Tom poured himself some cereal.
Tom plans to just stay at home.
Tom only speaks French at home.
Tom needed to buy a few things.
Tom met Mary at a dinner party.
Tom lives near you, doesn't he?
Tom likes hearing himself talk.
Tom kept on flirting with Mary.
Tom isn't very good at his job.
Tom isn't used to this weather.
Tom isn't the person in charge.
Tom isn't telling us the truth.
Tom isn't telling me the truth.
Tom isn't sure what's going on.
Tom isn't looking for sympathy.
Tom isn't going to wait for me.
Tom isn't going to talk to you.
Tom isn't going to lose, is he?
Tom isn't going to let you die.
Tom isn't going anywhere today.
Tom isn't doing anything today.
Tom isn't concerned about that.
Tom isn't carrying an umbrella.
Tom isn't all that influential.
Tom is working on that problem.
Tom is waiting to talk to Mary.
Tom is waiting for your answer.
Tom is waiting for a tow truck.
Tom is very serious about that.
Tom is very nervous about that.
Tom is trying to work that out.
Tom is trying to get to Boston.
Tom is the one who's different.
Tom is supposed to wait for me.
Tom is still ahead of schedule.
Tom is still a little confused.
Tom is running out of patience.
Tom is running a little behind.
Tom is right and Mary is wrong.
Tom is really excited about it.
Tom is probably still angry.
Tom is probably retired by now.
Tom is pretty proud of himself.
Tom is pretty excited about it.
Tom is pleased with the result.
Tom is now back from Australia.
Tom is looking forward to that.
Tom is likely to never recover.
Tom is likely to never do that.
Tom is likely to help us today.
Tom is likely to do that today.
Tom is likely to do that again.
Tom is likely to die in prison.
Tom is likely to come tomorrow.
Tom is just trying to help you.
Tom is just having a good time.
Tom is in a bit of a hurry now.
Tom is here to play basketball.
Tom is here on urgent business.
Tom is going to need more room.
Tom is going to move to Boston.
Tom is going to miss you a lot.
Tom is going to have to change.
Tom is going to do that for us.
Tom is going to do that for me.
Tom is going shopping tomorrow.
Tom is going back to his hotel.
Tom is going as fast as he can.
Tom is doing this to help Mary.
Tom is concerned about it, too.
Tom is better off without Mary.
Tom is as committed as you are.
Tom is a pretty logical person.
Tom has told Mary not to worry.
Tom has studied many religions.
Tom has found a new girlfriend.
Tom has been talking about you.
Tom had an interesting evening.
Tom drove the boys to the pool.
Tom drove his sons to the pool.
Tom doesn't want to wear jeans.
Tom doesn't want to go, either.
Tom doesn't want to go outside.
Tom doesn't want to go hunting.
Tom doesn't want to contribute.
Tom doesn't want to be with us.
Tom doesn't want to be with me.
Tom doesn't want to be like me.
Tom doesn't want to be at home.
Tom doesn't want to be a pilot.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.
Tom didn't want to wait for me.
Tom didn't want to talk to you.
Tom didn't want to say goodbye.
Tom didn't want to say a thing.
Tom didn't want to read a book.
Tom didn't want to pay in cash.
Tom didn't want to go anywhere.
Tom didn't want to eat with us.
Tom didn't want to do it alone.
Tom didn't want to come see me.
Tom didn't want to come at all.
Tom didn't want to change that.
Tom didn't want to be the boss.
Tom didn't want to be a singer.
Tom didn't want to be a lawyer.
Tom didn't want to be a doctor.
Tom didn't say Mary was hungry.
Tom didn't need to say a thing.
Tom didn't need to participate.
Tom didn't need to go anywhere.
Tom didn't need to do it alone.
Tom didn't need to convince me.
Tom didn't need to come see me.
Tom didn't know the truth then.
Tom didn't have to participate.
Tom didn't have to let Mary go.
Tom didn't have to come at all.
Tom can't go out with us today.
Tom broke his arm last weekend.
Tom asked me to give him money.
Tom and Mary ran away together.
Tom and Mary are talking again.
Tom and Mary are on this plane.
Tom always wears a tie to work.
Tom always thinks about others.
Tom already regrets doing that.
Tom almost missed the deadline.
This is going to come in handy.
Things aren't likely to change.
The burgers here are very good.
That coat is too small for you.
Please don't tell Tom anything.
Maybe Tom and Mary are in love.
Make sure you get here on time.
Luckily, Tom had a good lawyer.
It's going to be partly cloudy.
It's going to be fine tomorrow.
It's going to be different now.
It's going to be a tough match.
It's going to be a long winter.
It's going to be a fun weekend.
It was very crowded on the bus.
If I don't hurry, I'll be late.
I've been sick for three weeks.
I'm thinking of buying a house.
I'm taking an umbrella with me.
I'm ready to go, but Tom isn't.
I'm not sure what Tom is doing.
I'm just learning how to drive.
I'm going to a concert tonight.
I'm a little under the weather.
I'll probably see you tomorrow.
I'll be ready in three minutes.
I'd prefer to sit on the floor.
I'd like to try on these shoes.
I wonder why Tom asked me that.
I wasn't expecting Tom to come.
I was busy studying for a test.
I want to find a new apartment.
I used to go jogging every day.
I think we have to go upstairs.
I think Tom was looking at you.
I think Tom has fallen in love.
I started my new job on Monday.
I saw Tom fall off his bicycle.
I need you to do that tomorrow.
I need to do that this evening.
I met Tom at a party last week.
I like sports, but Tom doesn't.
I just got here a few days ago.
I hope you'll come to my party.
I hope you pass all your exams.
I hope we have time to do that.
I heard Tom crying in his room.
I have to try harder at school.
I have to clean my house today.
I forgot to pay the water bill.
I fell asleep during the movie.
I don't wash my car very often.
I don't want to go out tonight.
I don't want to cause problems.
I don't think we should go yet.
I don't know why Tom hates you.
I don't have your phone number.
I don't feel like going to bed.
I don't eat meat, but Tom does.
I can't help thinking about it.
How long were you in Australia?
How long have you had your car?
Does Tom still want to go home?
Does Tom still think Mary lied?
Does Tom still plan to help us?
Does Tom help you wash windows?
Did you and Tom like the movie?
Coffee is Tom's favorite drink.
Are you two traveling together?
All the tickets have been sold.
You should try something else.
Why did Tom want to help Mary?
What time is breakfast served?
What made Tom want to do that?
What exactly needs to be done.
What do you suggest we change?
We had an interesting evening.
We don't care what Tom thinks.
Tom's priorities have changed.
Tom's cellmate was a Canadian.
Tom's car crashed into a wall.
Tom's birthday is next Monday.
Tom won't stay here very long.
Tom won't be working tomorrow.
Tom won't be going back there.
Tom won't be at work tomorrow.
Tom will probably wait for us.
Tom will probably still be up.
Tom will probably be stubborn.
Tom will probably be prepared.
Tom will probably be grateful.
Tom will probably be forgiven.
Tom will probably arrive soon.
Tom will leave this afternoon.
Tom will do everything he can.
Tom will be the one in charge.
Tom will be going there alone.
Tom will be away until Monday.
Tom was where he said he'd be.
Tom was trying to impress you.
Tom was surprised and shocked.
Tom was sipping his margarita.
Tom was listening to the news.
Tom was just looking for Mary.
Tom was just following orders.
Tom was in a fight last night.
Tom was in Boston last summer.
Tom was born in this hospital.
Tom wants to help you do that.
Tom wants to buy a few things.
Tom wanted to study in Boston.
Tom wanted to meet Mary again.
Tom wanted to make Mary happy.
Tom wanted to live on his own.
Tom wanted to get to know you.
Tom wanted to get out of town.
Tom wanted to drink champagne.
Tom wanted to change all that.
Tom wanted to call his lawyer.
Tom wanted to buy our old car.
Tom wanted to buy another car.
Tom wanted to borrow your car.
Tom wanted to become a priest.
Tom wanted to be a lumberjack.
Tom used to work in a factory.
Tom used to be my best friend.
Tom used to be a heavy smoker.
Tom used to be a car mechanic.
Tom tried to be Mary's friend.
Tom tried to avoid doing that.
Tom took a self-defense class.
Tom talked with me about that.
Tom sounds like a nice person.
Tom should try something else.
Tom seemed to be very nervous.
Tom seemed to be a bit scared.
Tom says he's very happy here.
Tom says he might go shopping.
Tom said that he needs a loan.
Tom said that Mary was strong.
Tom said that Mary was eating.
Tom said that Mary was amused.
Tom said he'd be glad to help.
Tom said he was feeling great.
Tom said he was afraid to fly.
Tom said he didn't need money.
Tom really wanted to hug Mary.
Tom put the money in the sack.
Tom probably wants to do that.
Tom prayed for God's guidance.
Tom owns a thirteen-acre farm.
Tom only drinks bottled water.
Tom needs to buy a few things.
Tom likes both Mary and Alice.
Tom isn't satisfied with that.
Tom isn't really my boyfriend.
Tom isn't likely to find Mary.
Tom isn't far from Boston now.
Tom isn't coming to the party.
Tom is working at a pet store.
Tom is very satisfied with it.
Tom is trying to sell his car.
Tom is trying to impress Mary.
Tom is trying to find out why.
Tom is still checking into it.
Tom is sorry that it happened.
Tom is serving time in prison.
Tom is running out of options.
Tom is really upset with Mary.
Tom is ready for an adventure.
Tom is probably still in jail.
Tom is probably in Boston now.
Tom is only here to help Mary.
Tom is on the right track now.
Tom is never going to find us.
Tom is never going to find me.
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.
Tom is likely to wait for you.
Tom is likely to study French.
Tom is likely to speak French.
Tom is likely to let Mary win.
Tom is likely to come by taxi.
Tom is leaving this afternoon.
Tom is just about ready to go.
Tom is interesting to talk to.
Tom is having a party tonight.
Tom is happy with his new car.
Tom is going to wait for Mary.
Tom is going to take his time.
Tom is going to need you here.
Tom is going to need a lawyer.
Tom is going to have fun, too.
Tom is going to get this done.
Tom is going to find out soon.
Tom is going to die, isn't he?
Tom is going to buy a new car.
Tom is going out to celebrate.
Tom is getting ready for that.
Tom is extremely disappointed.
Tom is excited to get started.
Tom is coming to pick Mary up.
Tom is being paid by the hour.
Tom is anxious to get started.
Tom is always doing something.
Tom is always arguing with me.
Tom is a good friend of ours.
Tom is a good baseball player.
Tom helped Mary tie her shoes.
Tom hasn't asked for anything.
Tom has to clean up this mess.
Tom got paid a lot to do that.
Tom got married to a Canadian.
Tom got a job teaching French.
Tom doesn't want to stop Mary.
Tom doesn't want to stay here.
Tom doesn't want to say hello.
Tom doesn't want to move here.
Tom doesn't want to kill Mary.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go abroad.
Tom doesn't want to get drunk.
Tom doesn't want to get a dog.
Tom doesn't want to eat pizza.
Tom doesn't want to come home.
Tom doesn't want to be famous.
Tom doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom doesn't plan to step down.
Tom doesn't like his nickname.
Tom doesn't know how to relax.
Tom didn't want to wear jeans.
Tom didn't want to go, either.
Tom didn't want to go with me.
Tom didn't want to go hunting.
Tom didn't want to do a thing.
Tom didn't want to contribute.
Tom didn't want to be with us.
Tom didn't want to be with me.
Tom didn't want to be like me.
Tom didn't want to be at home.
Tom didn't want to be a pilot.
Tom didn't say Mary was wrong.
Tom didn't say Mary was right.
Tom didn't need to go with me.
Tom didn't have to talk to me.
Tom didn't have to go with us.
Tom didn't have to do a thing.
Tom couldn't finish his lunch.
Tom contradicts himself a lot.
Tom and Mary are taking turns.
Tom and I live on Park Street.
Tom always wears nice clothes.
Tom always gets to work early.
This won't take long, will it?
This coat is too small for me.
The exam was three hours long.
Should I invite Tom to dinner?
My room is on the third floor.
It's going to get warmer soon.
It's going to be hot tomorrow.
It's going to be cold tonight.
It was a long and tiring trip.
Is Tom always here on Mondays?
I've got a splitting headache.
I'm not interested in history.
I'm just learning how to swim.
I'm grateful for your support.
I'm going to watch TV tonight.
I'm going to request a refund.
I'm going to have some coffee.
I'm going to be a little late.
I'm going away for a few days.
I'm dealing with that problem.
I'll have a glass of red wine.
I'll clean up this mess later.
I'll check on that right away.
I'd rather snowboard than ski.
I'd rather not go out tonight.
I'd like to stay home tonight.
I'd like to send this airmail.
I'd like orange juice, please.
I went to bed before midnight.
I watch a lot of sports on TV.
I wasn't invited to the party.
I was late for work yesterday.
I was busy cleaning the house.
I was bitten by a dog last week.
I warned Tom not to come here.
I want you to wash the dishes.
I told Tom not to be so noisy.
I think you'll like this book.
I think we should take a taxi.
I think we should go home now.
I think everything will be OK.
I think I can find your house.
I still don't need to do that.
I promised I wouldn't be late.
I often forget people's names.
I never said it would be easy.
I like the people I work with.
I hope something happens soon.
I hope Tom isn't at the party.
I hope I have time to do that.
I heard that Tom lost his job.
I heard someone slam the door.
I have to unpack my suitcases.
I have to go home immediately.
I had to walk home last night.
I don't think Tom believed me.
I don't really want to go out.
I don't like school very much.
I don't know why Tom hates me.
I don't have time to exercise.
I don't feel like leaving yet.
I didn't mean to stay so long.
I didn't know I needed a visa.
I didn't do that, but Tom did.
I apologize for being so late.
How much are the strawberries?
How many stitches did you get?
How long did you have to wait?
How long did Tom have to wait?
Don't bother locking the door.
Doing that will take too long.
Does Tom still work in Boston?
Does Tom still want to see me?
Does Tom still swim every day?
Does Tom still have long hair?
Does Tom still have a bicycle?
Does Tom like classical music?
Do you know this neighborhood?
Do Tom and Mary work together?
Do Tom and Mary have children?
Did you call Tom this morning?
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know."
"I work in Boston." "Me, too."
You can stay with us tonight.
Will Tom be working tomorrow?
Why does Tom want to eat now?
Why does Tom like this hotel?
What exactly do I need to do?
What exactly do I have to do?
What do you want for dessert?
We should try something else.
Was Tom surprised to see you?
Tom's cellmate is a Canadian.
Tom's apartment is very tidy.
Tom will probably leave soon.
Tom will probably be puzzled.
Tom will probably be present.
Tom will probably be pleased.
Tom will probably be outside.
Tom will probably be jealous.
Tom will probably be grouchy.
Tom will probably be excited.
Tom will probably be careful.
Tom will probably be annoyed.
Tom will be thirty on Monday.
Tom will be thirty next week.
Tom will be leaving tomorrow.
Tom will be here before Mary.
Tom went into the other room.
Tom watches TV every evening.
Tom wasn't prepared for that.
Tom wasn't playing the piano.
Tom wasn't able to find work.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt.
Tom was the person in charge.
Tom wanted to thank you, too.
Tom wanted to take a day off.
Tom wanted to study medicine.
Tom wanted to speak with you.
Tom wanted to see both of us.
Tom wanted to play billiards.
Tom wanted to go there again.
Tom wanted to get rich quick.
Tom wanted to feel important.
Tom wanted to eat fried rice.
Tom wanted to come to Boston.
Tom wanted to buy some books.
Tom wanted to be happy again.
Tom wanted to be cooperative.
Tom wanted to be an engineer.
Tom wanted to be a paramedic.
Tom usually cycles to school.
Tom swore he'd do that today.
Tom seems to be a bit scared.
Tom says he'll wait for Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't poor.
Tom said that he wasn't full.
Tom said that Mary was lucky.
Tom put the money in the bag.
Tom promised to buy me lunch.
Tom probably won't find Mary.
Tom married a Canadian woman.
Tom knows a lot about tennis.
Tom isn't used to doing that.
Tom isn't tired, but Mary is.
Tom isn't sure where Mary is.
Tom isn't sure what it means.
Tom isn't sure what happened.
Tom isn't sure if he's right.
Tom isn't playing the guitar.
Tom isn't here. He went home.
Tom isn't going to stop here.
Tom isn't going to find Mary.
Tom isn't feeling well today.
Tom isn't doing anything now.
Tom isn't doing anything new.
Tom isn't as tired as we are.
Tom isn't afraid of the dark.
Tom is your friend, not mine.
Tom is way ahead of schedule.
Tom is wasting his time here.
Tom is waiting for your call.
Tom is waiting for something.
Tom is very excited about it.
Tom is trying to impress you.
Tom is too old to play games.
Tom is supposed to help Mary.
Tom is still figuring it out.
Tom is still as busy as ever.
Tom is sorry for what he did.
Tom is probably still hungry.
Tom is probably already dead.
Tom is much younger than you.
Tom is making a lot of noise.
Tom is lucky it's not Monday.
Tom is lucky Mary isn't here.
Tom is looking into that now.
Tom is looking for the truth.
Tom is living somewhere else.
Tom is listening to the news.
Tom is likely to come by cab.
Tom is leaving here tomorrow.
Tom is just looking for Mary.
Tom is interested in helping.
Tom is interested in biology.
Tom is interested in animals.
Tom is going to work on that.
Tom is going to visit Boston.
Tom is going to take it slow.
Tom is going to make it work.
Tom is going to make changes.
Tom is going to make a video.
Tom is going to have to move.
Tom is going to Mary's party.
Tom is going there next week.
Tom is doing the wrong thing.
Tom is coming to pick you up.
Tom is coming here right now.
Tom is back where he started.
Tom is aware of the problems.
Tom has told us not to worry.
Tom has told me not to worry.
Tom has to do that right now.
Tom has lived in many places.
Tom has gone to the hospital.
Tom has already gone to work.
Tom doesn't want to sit down.
Tom doesn't want to see that.
Tom doesn't want to meet you.
Tom doesn't want to marry me.
Tom doesn't want to hug Mary.
Tom doesn't want to help out.
Tom doesn't want to fix that.
Tom doesn't want to be first.
Tom doesn't want to be alone.
Tom doesn't plan to be there.
Tom didn't want to stop Mary.
Tom didn't want to stay here.
Tom didn't want to say hello.
Tom didn't want to move here.
Tom didn't want to kill Mary.
Tom didn't want to go abroad.
Tom didn't want to get drunk.
Tom didn't want to get a dog.
Tom didn't want to eat pizza.
Tom didn't want to come home.
Tom didn't want to be hugged.
Tom didn't want to be famous.
Tom didn't want to be a hero.
Tom didn't want to apologize.
Tom didn't say Mary was busy.
Tom didn't need to wait long.
Tom didn't need to let me go.
Tom didn't need to help Mary.
Tom didn't need to go either.
Tom didn't need to be helped.
Tom didn't need to apologize.
Tom didn't have to go either.
Tom didn't have to be helped.
Tom and Mary are friends now.
Tom and I had the same dream.
Tom always leaves work early.
Tom always gets here on time.
This is exactly what we want.
Things will be different now.
That coat is too big for you.
Some people are very selfish.
Should I tell Tom everything?
Please be quiet. I'm working.
Our team is one player short.
Nobody believed Tom at first.
My best friend is a Canadian.
Mary is about to have a baby.
It's going to be spring soon.
It's going to be lots of fun.
It's going to be interesting.
I've never seen Tom so upset.
I'm very proud of all of you.
I'm pretty sure Tom is wrong.
I'm not interested in poetry.
I'm never invited to parties.
I'm in the same class as Tom.
I'm going to help my friends.
I'm busy studying for a test.
I'd love to meet your family.
I'd like to meet your family.
I wore my new suit on Monday.
I was in Australia last year.
I was here all day yesterday.
I want Tom to leave me alone.
I tried to keep my eyes open.
I think that Tom is an idiot.
I think Tom is likely to cry.
I think I should go home now.
I still call my father Daddy.
I promise I'll do that today.
I need to find a gas station.
I might play tennis tomorrow.
I might go see Tom on Monday.
I hope they don't torture us.
I hope I can impress my boss.
I have to unpack my suitcase.
I have to go home right away.
I don't think Tom will agree.
I don't often walk to school.
I don't feel very well today.
I didn't tell Tom about that.
I cleaned my room last night.
I always go to school by bus.
Don't bother waiting for Tom.
Does it snow a lot in Boston?
Does Tom still work for Mary?
Does Tom still teach history?
Does Tom still need a doctor?
Does Tom still look confused?
Does Tom still like tomatoes?
Does Tom still like it there?
Does Tom still do that a lot?
Did you have a nice vacation?
Could I borrow your umbrella?
You can ask questions later.
Why does Tom want to see me?
Why did Tom do that himself?
When will you see Tom again?
What changes should we make?
We have three grandchildren.
We aren't on the right road.
Tom won't do anything crazy.
Tom will tell Mary tomorrow.
Tom will probably walk here.
Tom will probably be sleepy.
Tom will probably be grumpy.
Tom will probably be chosen.
Tom will probably be absent.
Tom will have to leave soon.
Tom will be there with Mary.
Tom wasn't talking about us.
Tom was pretty disappointed.
Tom was pretty busy himself.
Tom was just being cautious.
Tom was hungry this morning.
Tom wanted to work for Mary.
Tom wanted to think it over.
Tom wanted to see everybody.
Tom wanted to join the team.
Tom wanted to join the Army.
Tom wanted to join our club.
Tom wanted to hear from you.
Tom wanted to have some fun.
Tom wanted to go for a walk.
Tom wanted to give it a try.
Tom wanted to do that today.
Tom wanted to do a good job.
Tom wanted to cheer Mary up.
Tom wanted to buy a new car.
Tom wanted to become famous.
Tom wanted to be the winner.
Tom wanted to be a pharmacist.
Tom wanted to be a stuntman.
Tom wanted to be a diplomat.
Tom wanted to be a designer.
Tom should've been expelled.
Tom seems to be influential.
Tom says he's pretty hungry.
Tom says he's feeling tired.
Tom said that Mary was next.
Tom said that Mary was hurt.
Tom said that Mary was free.
Tom said that Mary was fine.
Tom said that Mary was done.
Tom said he won't go ashore.
Tom put the ham in the oven.
Tom massaged Mary's temples.
Tom made a very big mistake.
Tom lives next to a library.
Tom lived next to a library.
Tom likes his new job a lot.
Tom isn't working this week.
Tom isn't the one in charge.
Tom isn't really my brother.
Tom isn't prepared for that.
Tom isn't my friend anymore.
Tom isn't going to stop you.
Tom isn't going to stop now.
Tom isn't going to catch me.
Tom isn't going out tonight.
Tom is working this weekend.
Tom is working hard on that.
Tom is watching a movie now.
Tom is very happy with that.
Tom is updating his website.
Tom is trying to save money.
Tom is skeptical about that.
Tom is sitting on the floor.
Tom is running out of water.
Tom is running out of money.
Tom is pretty proud of that.
Tom is pretty near finished.
Tom is pretty much finished.
Tom is planning to be there.
Tom is on his way to school.
Tom is on his way to Mary's.
Tom is now in Mary's office.
Tom is never here on Monday.
Tom is making some progress.
Tom is making good progress.
Tom is making a big mistake.
Tom is looking for a lawyer.
Tom is likely to be elected.
Tom is keeping an eye on it.
Tom is just passing through.
Tom is just getting started.
Tom is here to support Mary.
Tom is here to protect Mary.
Tom is heading back to town.
Tom is having problems here.
Tom is grateful to be alive.
Tom is going tomorrow night.
Tom is going to wait for me.
Tom is going to need a loan.
Tom is going to invite Mary.
Tom is going to go get Mary.
Tom is going to change that.
Tom is getting a lot better.
Tom is fortunate to be here.
Tom is concerned about that.
Tom is buying food for Mary.
Tom is being treated fairly.
Tom is aware of the problem.
Tom is almost finished here.
Tom is a skilled blacksmith.
Tom is a pretty good friend.
Tom is a normal teenage boy.
Tom is a convicted murderer.
Tom is a Canadian, isn't he?
Tom hasn't been complaining.
Tom has been to Boston once.
Tom has a university degree.
Tom had to wait a long time.
Tom doesn't want to sell it.
Tom doesn't want to meet me.
Tom doesn't want to keep it.
Tom doesn't think he snores.
Tom doesn't feel well today.
Tom didn't want to sit down.
Tom didn't want to see that.
Tom didn't want to meet you.
Tom didn't want to marry me.
Tom didn't want to hug Mary.
Tom didn't want to help out.
Tom didn't want to fix that.
Tom didn't want to be first.
Tom didn't want to be alone.
Tom didn't need to thank us.
Tom didn't need to thank me.
Tom didn't have to go there.
Tom didn't have to be there.
Tom didn't finish his lunch.
Tom can't meet us on Monday.
Tom bought a bottle of wine.
Tom asked me to talk to you.
Tom and John are my nephews.
This coat is too big for me.
There's nowhere to sit down.
There isn't anything to eat.
The person in charge is Tom.
Something is wrong with Tom.
Our priorities have changed.
Just put the suitcases here.
It's very warm in this room.
It's going to work for sure.
It's going to get warm soon.
It's going to be very tough.
It's going to be light soon.
It was a nice day yesterday.
I've already read that book.
I'm too old to be doing this.
I'm staying at home tonight.
I'm playing tennis tomorrow.
I'm not sure where you live.
I'm going to run a marathon.
I'd like to go to Australia.
I'd like my steak well done.
I won't be at home tomorrow.
I was warned not to do that.
I usually do that every day.
I used to sing in the choir.
I used to jog every morning.
I told Tom that I loved him.
I told Tom it was dangerous.
I think you'll like it here.
I still call my mother Mama.
I seldom read books anymore.
I saw Tom waiting for a bus.
I saw Tom fall off his bike.
I regret saying what I said.
I need some help doing this.
I need some help doing that.
I met a woman who knows you.
I know Tom is likely to cry.
I know Tom is in his office.
I hope to pass all my exams.
I have to go to the dentist.
I have to go shopping today.
I have three older brothers.
I had no trouble doing that.
I had difficulty doing that.
I got the job I applied for.
I get paid a lot to do this.
I don't watch TV very often.
I don't think Tom said that.
I don't drink a lot of wine.
I didn't watch TV yesterday.
I already regret doing that.
How can we make that better?
Does Tom still wear glasses?
Does Tom still want to come?
Does Tom still have a fever?
Does Tom still have a beard?
Does Tom still go to school?
Does Tom still go to church?
Does Tom still drink coffee?
Do Tom and John have beards?
Do I need to change clothes?
Did Tom give you my message?
Both Tom and Mary can drive.
Aren't Tom and Mary friends?
You really need to do that.
You didn't have to help me.
Why does Tom want you here?
Tom's shift isn't over yet.
Tom won't take any chances.
Tom will probably die soon.
Tom will probably be right.
Tom will probably be pushy.
Tom will probably be first.
Tom will probably be fired.
Tom will probably be drunk.
Tom will probably be broke.
Tom will probably be bored.
Tom will probably be awake.
Tom will probably be alone.
Tom will buy food for Mary.
Tom will be here all night.
Tom went to visit a friend.
Tom wasn't going very fast.
Tom was trying to scare us.
Tom was right here with me.
Tom was just being careful.
Tom wants to do that again.
Tom wanted to visit Boston.
Tom wanted to teach French.
Tom wanted to study abroad.
Tom wanted to stick around.
Tom wanted to speak to you.
Tom wanted to sell his car.
Tom wanted to see us again.
Tom wanted to look younger.
Tom wanted to know who won.
Tom wanted to kill himself.
Tom wanted to go back home.
Tom wanted to dye his hair.
Tom wanted to donate money.
Tom wanted to be respected.
Tom wanted to be in Boston.
Tom wanted to be different.
Tom wanted to be a surgeon.
Tom used to live on a boat.
Tom used to enjoy swimming.
Tom used to be a policeman.
Tom used to be a bartender.
Tom tried to restrain Mary.
Tom tends to forget things.
Tom sounds like a nice guy.
Tom says he won't ever win.
Tom said that Mary was sad.
Tom said that Mary was mad.
Tom said he was in a hurry.
Tom recommended this movie.
Tom recommended this hotel.
Tom passed his French test.
Tom ought to wait for Mary.
Tom often sings in his car.
Tom never talks about that.
Tom needs to wait for Mary.
Tom lives just a mile away.
Tom knows a lot about that.
Tom isn't worried about it.
Tom isn't working for Mary.
Tom isn't too old for Mary.
Tom isn't that influential.
Tom isn't really my cousin.
Tom isn't going to help me.
Tom isn't going to go away.
Tom isn't going back there.
Tom isn't doing that today.
Tom is wearing his uniform.
Tom is trying to reach you.
Tom is taking a look at it.
Tom is still working on it.
Tom is still in good shape.
Tom is still a good friend.
Tom is safe here, isn't he?
Tom is safe for the moment.
Tom is running out of food.
Tom is really running late.
Tom is quicker than we are.
Tom is pretty good at this.
Tom is pretty good at that.
Tom is pretty disappointed.
Tom is pretty busy himself.
Tom is playing in the park.
Tom is one of my relatives.
Tom is my only friend here.
Tom is looking for you now.
Tom is looking for his dog.
Tom is likely to win today.
Tom is likely to win again.
Tom is likely to be home soon.
Tom is just being cautious.
Tom is just about finished.
Tom is in a safe place now.
Tom is in Boston right now.
Tom is here to support you.
Tom is here because of you.
Tom is heading out of town.
Tom is having a tough time.
Tom is going to visit Mary.
Tom is going to call later.
Tom is filling in for Mary.
Tom is faster than you are.
Tom is exhausted, isn't he?
Tom is confident he'll win.
Tom is concerned about you.
Tom is coming back tonight.
Tom is being very cautious.
Tom is back from Australia.
Tom is at home watching TV.
Tom is always very careful.
Tom is a wonderful teacher.
Tom is a very quiet person.
Tom is a typical youngster.
Tom is a lot different now.
Tom heard a loud explosion.
Tom has to do that at once.
Tom has no plan to do that.
Tom has never been camping.
Tom has made a big mistake.
Tom has done something bad.
Tom drinks a lot of coffee.
Tom doesn't want to try it.
Tom doesn't want to see us.
Tom doesn't want to see me.
Tom doesn't want to see it.
Tom doesn't want to retire.
Tom doesn't want to escape.
Tom doesn't want to change.
Tom doesn't talk very much.
Tom didn't want to sell it.
Tom didn't want to see you.
Tom didn't want to meet me.
Tom didn't want to keep it.
Tom didn't need to help us.
Tom didn't need to help me.
Tom didn't have to help us.
Tom didn't have to go home.
Tom broke into Mary's room.
Tom and Mary are on a date.
This is taking us too long.
This hotel isn't very good.
There was a lot of traffic.
Tell Tom I want to do that.
Should I turn on the light?
My job is very interesting.
It's going to be worthless.
It's going to be hilarious.
It's going to be dangerous.
I've got to brush my teeth.
I'm not waiting any longer.
I'm going to eat some cake.
I'd recommend taking a bus.
I'd like to buy a used car.
I'd like something cheaper.
I was late for the meeting.
I want to meet your family.
I want Tom to stay with me.
I think you've seen enough.
I think we'll win the game.
I think Tom works at night.
I think Tom is coming over.
I think I'll go for a walk.
I stayed in bed until noon.
I saw Tom get into his car.
I really needed to do that.
I put my bags on the table.
I often get up before 6:30.
I need to do that sometime.
I need to call a tow truck.
I love dancing in the rain.
I like Tom and he likes me.
I hope we can do that here.
I haven't been here before.
I have three older sisters.
I didn't get up until noon.
I can't stand this anymore.
I can't seem to stay awake.
I always go to work by bus.
Don't force Tom to do that.
Does Tom still play tennis?
Does Tom still like school?
Does Tom still like Boston?
Does Tom still have a boat?
Does Tom look angry to you?
Come here and look at this.
Come back here immediately.
Can you explain that again?
Will Tom be here tomorrow?
Why's Tom working so hard?
Why does Tom want to stay?
Why did Tom open the door?
Which way are you heading?
Where will you be at 2:30?
Where does Tom have to go?
What time is Tom arriving?
Were Tom and Mary friends?
Was Tom at work yesterday?
Tom wore a pirate costume.
Tom won't starve to death.
Tom went to the cafeteria.
Tom was the one in charge.
Tom was hoping to see you.
Tom was hesitant at first.
Tom was cautious at first.
Tom was able to find work.
Tom wants help doing that.
Tom wanted to study music.
Tom wanted to sleep on it.
Tom wanted to see results.
Tom wanted to ride a bull.
Tom wanted to read a book.
Tom wanted to pay in cash.
Tom wanted to make a deal.
Tom wanted to go with you.
Tom wanted to go by train.
Tom wanted to get married.
Tom wanted to get his GED.
Tom wanted to eat with us.
Tom wanted to change that.
Tom wanted to buy a house.
Tom wanted to become rich.
Tom wanted to be the boss.
Tom wanted to be near you.
Tom wanted to be a singer.
Tom used to enjoy cooking.
Tom speaks many languages.
Tom seems to know already.
Tom said he felt helpless.
Tom recommended this book.
Tom pushed his plate away.
Tom prayed for God's help.
Tom might lose everything.
Tom lives in a safe place.
Tom left here a while ago.
Tom jumped into the river.
Tom isn't really sure yet.
Tom isn't really my uncle.
Tom isn't getting dressed.
Tom isn't at school today.
Tom isn't afraid to fight.
Tom isn't above criticism.
Tom is working hard on it.
Tom is waiting for dinner.
Tom is very well prepared.
Tom is very proud of that.
Tom is very proud of Mary.
Tom is trying to scare us.
Tom is still working hard.
Tom is still not sure why.
Tom is sick of doing that.
Tom is safe now, isn't he?
Tom is really competitive.
Tom is ready to leave now.
Tom is quite fond of Mary.
Tom is on this plane, too.
Tom is on the right track.
Tom is managing just fine.
Tom is managing all right.
Tom is likely to be there.
Tom is leaving right away.
Tom is just being careful.
Tom is having a good year.
Tom is happy with his car.
Tom is going to walk home.
Tom is going to the beach.
Tom is going to Australia.
Tom is finished, isn't he?
Tom is faster than we are.
Tom is excited about that.
Tom is confused, isn't he?
Tom is concerned about it.
Tom is checking into that.
Tom is busy at the moment.
Tom is better than we are.
Tom is aware of the risks.
Tom is at the supermarket.
Tom is already a teenager.
Tom is about through here.
Tom is Mary's only friend.
Tom helped Mary yesterday.
Tom has changed the rules.
Tom has been wasting time.
Tom got married last week.
Tom doesn't work at night.
Tom doesn't want to watch.
Tom doesn't want to relax.
Tom doesn't want to pitch.
Tom doesn't want to do it.
Tom doesn't want to dance.
Tom doesn't have a lawyer.
Tom didn't want to try it.
Tom didn't want to see us.
Tom didn't want to see it.
Tom didn't want to retire.
Tom didn't want to escape.
Tom didn't want to change.
Tom asked Mary to help us.
Tom and Mary are swimming.
Should I call you tonight?
My suitcase is very heavy.
My neighbors are Canadian.
It's going to be worth it.
It's going to be painless.
It's going to be exciting.
Is Tom playing the guitar?
I've talked to you before.
I've enjoyed my stay here.
I'm not sure what that is.
I'm not going to buy this.
I'm going to stop smoking.
I'll do all I can to help.
I'd rather stand than sit.
I'd like to go to bed now.
I won't be here next week.
I woke up early yesterday.
I was busy cooking dinner.
I used to sing in a choir.
I told Tom not to be late.
I think I scared Tom away.
I regret not inviting Tom.
I promise I won't be late.
I probably won't be there.
I need to save more money.
I need to do that someday.
I need to do that for you.
I might see Tom on Monday.
I met a man who knows you.
I knew that Tom was lying.
I have to work until 2:30.
I have to work on Mondays.
I hardly ever read in bed.
I had to wait a long time.
I don't like orange juice.
I don't go out very often.
I don't care where we eat.
I didn't visit the museum.
I didn't mean to say that.
I bought my ticket online.
Does Tom still want a car?
Does Tom still look upset?
Does Tom still look angry?
Does Tom still have a key?
Does Tom still have a job?
Does Tom still have a cat?
Does Tom still have a car?
Does Tom still always win?
Do you like ghost stories?
Do you know Tom's brother?
Did you see Tom yesterday?
Did Tom come to the party?
Are you afraid of spiders?
You can do that yourself.
Why does Tom like Boston?
Why did Tom want to stay?
Which way are you headed?
When does Tom have to go?
What time did Tom go out?
We need to obey the laws.
Tom's shift ends at 2:30.
Tom's car is always dirty.
Tom works at this clinic.
Tom won't leave you here.
Tom won't be going there.
Tom will probably forget.
Tom will figure this out.
Tom wasn't talking to us.
Tom was playing football.
Tom was grinning at Mary.
Tom was eating ice cream.
Tom was doing that wrong.
Tom was born on a Monday.
Tom wants to go home now.
Tom wanted to wear jeans.
Tom wanted to talk to me.
Tom wanted to go with us.
Tom wanted to go outside.
Tom wanted to go hunting.
Tom wanted to contribute.
Tom wanted to be with us.
Tom wanted to be with me.
Tom wanted to be popular.
Tom wanted to be like me.
Tom wanted to be at home.
Tom wanted to be admired.
Tom wanted to be a pilot.
Tom used to be a dentist.
Tom tried being friendly.
Tom organized this party.
Tom never said thank you.
Tom never got in trouble.
Tom needs an interpreter.
Tom lives near the river.
Tom isn't ready to begin.
Tom isn't hurting anyone.
Tom is who he says he is.
Tom is waiting for a bus.
Tom is unsure what to do.
Tom is the only one left.
Tom is the only guy here.
Tom is the one in charge.
Tom is still pretty busy.
Tom is still on the team.
Tom is still cleaning up.
Tom is ready to help you.
Tom is quieter than Mary.
Tom is probably dead now.
Tom is on a tight budget.
Tom is meeting with Mary.
Tom is looking into that.
Tom is likely to succeed.
Tom is likely to be fair.
Tom is leaving right now.
Tom is leaving next year.
Tom is just here to help.
Tom is just finishing up.
Tom is just disappointed.
Tom is invited to dinner.
Tom is in good condition.
Tom is here to play golf.
Tom is here to meet Mary.
Tom is good at this game.
Tom is going to the pool.
Tom is going to see Mary.
Tom is going to my place.
Tom is going to fix this.
Tom is going to fix that.
Tom is going there alone.
Tom is going out tonight.
Tom is from a big family.
Tom is doing fine so far.
Tom is doing fairly well.
Tom is coming right back.
Tom is certainly curious.
Tom is behind bars again.
Tom is ahead of schedule.
Tom is a very old friend.
Tom doesn't want to work.
Tom doesn't want to walk.
Tom doesn't want to talk.
Tom doesn't want to stay.
Tom doesn't want to sing.
Tom doesn't want to quit.
Tom doesn't want to play.
Tom doesn't want to help.
Tom doesn't study enough.
Tom doesn't study French.
Tom doesn't like his job.
Tom doesn't have to wait.
Tom doesn't care who won.
Tom didn't want to watch.
Tom didn't want to study.
Tom didn't want to speak.
Tom didn't want to relax.
Tom didn't want to pitch.
Tom didn't want to fight.
Tom didn't want to dance.
Tom didn't need to worry.
Tom didn't need to study.
Tom didn't need to speak.
Tom didn't need to leave.
Tom didn't need to drive.
Tom didn't need to do it.
Tom didn't have to drive.
Tom came with his father.
Tom and Mary are parents.
Tom and John have beards.
This is a very good book.
There's nothing to drink.
Tell me why you're angry.
Not many people like Tom.
My eyes aren't very good.
I've never played tennis.
I'm trying to find a job.
I'm terrified of spiders.
I'm sorry about the mess.
I'm not working tomorrow.
I'm not good at swimming.
I'm going to read a book.
I'll send you my picture.
I worked late last night.
I was working last night.
I was here all last week.
I was about to go to bed.
I want to brush my teeth.
I think we might be lost.
I think I'll sit outside.
I think I'll do that now.
I slept until noon today.
I should do that for you.
I really need to do that.
I promise not to do that.
I promise not to be late.
I now regret saying that.
I needed to do that, too.
I need to brush my teeth.
I might see you tomorrow.
I might go to the movies.
I might be late tomorrow.
I met Tom on my way home.
I know I locked the door.
I guess I'll take a taxi.
I feel like a new person.
I don't often drink wine.
I can't eat strawberries.
How should I change that?
Good shoes are expensive.
Don't trust Tom too much.
Does Tom still want this?
Does Tom still need help?
Does Tom still like jazz?
Does Tom still like cats?
Does Tom still help Mary?
Does Tom still cry a lot?
Do you know Tom's sister?
Do you know Tom's mother?
Do you know Tom's father?
Are Tom and Mary married?
Are Tom and Mary friends?
You can turn off the TV.
You can call me tonight.
Why does Tom want to go?
Who was Tom waiting for?
We enjoyed our vacation.
Tom's face is very pale.
Tom works in a bank now.
Tom woke up before Mary.
Tom was riding his bike.
Tom was good at his job.
Tom wanted to stop Mary.
Tom wanted to stay here.
Tom wanted to say hello.
Tom wanted to pay later.
Tom wanted to move here.
Tom wanted to go abroad.
Tom wanted to get drunk.
Tom wanted to get a dog.
Tom wanted to do better.
Tom wanted to disappear.
Tom wanted to come home.
Tom wanted to be wanted.
Tom wanted to be hugged.
Tom wanted to be a hero.
Tom should talk to Mary.
Tom says he didn't swim.
Tom sat near the window.
Tom sat alone on a rock.
Tom said he didn't swim.
Tom said he didn't mind.
Tom needs to find a job.
Tom likes horror movies.
Tom knows Mary is angry.
Tom isn't going to quit.
Tom isn't convinced yet.
Tom isn't at work today.
Tom isn't a millionaire.
Tom is very, very lucky.
Tom is very, very angry.
Tom is too old for this.
Tom is to blame as well.
Tom is terrified of you.
Tom is still having fun.
Tom is still doing well.
Tom is ready to move on.
Tom is psyched about it.
Tom is pretty near done.
Tom is pretty confident.
Tom is playing football.
Tom is part of the team.
Tom is making something.
Tom is leaving tomorrow.
Tom is just a young boy.
Tom is in Australia now.
Tom is here to see Mary.
Tom is here on vacation.
Tom is here for the day.
Tom is helping Mary out.
Tom is heading this way.
Tom is happy to be here.
Tom is grinning at Mary.
Tom is going to hear us.
Tom is going to eat now.
Tom is going to be rich.
Tom is going to a party.
Tom is going for a walk.
Tom is fixing the latch.
Tom is faster than Mary.
Tom is eager to see you.
Tom is coming to get us.
Tom is building a house.
Tom is bound to get wet.
Tom is back on schedule.
Tom is about to go home.
Tom is Mary's assistant.
Tom heard Mary laughing.
Tom hasn't told us much.
Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom has found a new job.
Tom has a very easy job.
Tom fell off the ladder.
Tom doesn't want to run.
Tom doesn't have a bike.
Tom didn't want to work.
Tom didn't want to walk.
Tom didn't want to quit.
Tom didn't want to play.
Tom didn't need to talk.
Tom didn't need to stay.
Tom didn't need to hide.
Tom didn't need to help.
Tom didn't have to wait.
Tom didn't have to sing.
Tom didn't have to help.
Tom chewed on his nails.
Tom can't see you today.
Tom called Mary a moron.
Tom became a missionary.
It's going to be cloudy.
Is Tom always like that?
I've just spoken to Tom.
I've been really sleepy.
I'm not studying French.
I'm not good at drawing.
I'm going to go to work.
I'm glad you're with us.
I'm busy cooking dinner.
I'll be there next week.
I visited Tom last week.
I used to jog every day.
I told Tom not to shout.
I should call Tom first.
I saw Tom slip and fall.
I need to buy some food.
I might go to Australia.
I lost my key yesterday.
I have to study tonight.
I got caught in traffic.
I didn't quite get that.
I can't help loving you.
I can tell Tom anything.
Does Tom still work out?
Does Tom still have one?
Does Tom still enjoy it?
Does Tom still eat meat?
Does Tom live near here?
Are you really a lawyer?
Would you like a spoon?
Why does Tom know that?
Why did Tom want to go?
We've bought a new car.
We live on Park Street.
Try to avoid junk food.
Tom won't buy that car.
Tom will fix the latch.
Tom will be a bit late.
Tom wasn't able to win.
Tom was treated fairly.
Tom was in bed, asleep.
Tom was carrying a bag.
Tom was actually early.
Tom wanted to sit down.
Tom wanted to see that.
Tom wanted to marry me.
Tom wanted to know why.
Tom wanted to help out.
Tom wanted to be loved.
Tom wanted to be liked.
Tom snuck out at night.
Tom sings in the choir.
Tom says he won't swim.
Tom says he won't mind.
Tom plays guitar a lot.
Tom needs to be warned.
Tom makes minimum wage.
Tom loves Mary so much.
Tom lost sight of Mary.
Tom isn't turning back.
Tom isn't at home much.
Tom isn't an economist.
Tom is very happy here.
Tom is tired of losing.
Tom is taking too long.
Tom is still very busy.
Tom is still too young.
Tom is still out there.
Tom is still in school.
Tom is still improving.
Tom is still confident.
Tom is staring at Mary.
Tom is riding his bike.
Tom is ready, isn't he?
Tom is ready to go now.
Tom is quite safe here.
Tom is looking into it.
Tom is kind of serious.
Tom is going to escape.
Tom is going to church.
Tom is going out again.
Tom is going back home.
Tom is glad to be here.
Tom is fine on his own.
Tom is filthy rich now.
Tom is doing just that.
Tom is doing OK so far.
Tom is counting on you.
Tom is checking it now.
Tom is better than you.
Tom is behind schedule.
Tom is aware of it now.
Tom is already at home.
Tom is almost home now.
Tom is almost finished.
Tom is a schoolteacher.
Tom is a piano teacher.
Tom is a lot older now.
Tom has traveled a lot.
Tom has short hair now.
Tom has broken his arm.
Tom got a job teaching.
Tom felt very isolated.
Tom drank all the wine.
Tom doesn't have a key.
Tom doesn't feel tired.
Tom didn't want to run.
Tom didn't want to lie.
Tom didn't need to lie.
Tom didn't need to eat.
Tom did me a big favor.
Tom cries all the time.
Tom ate a light supper.
This suitcase is heavy.
That's not my umbrella.
Please try to be quiet.
Please be here by 2:30.
It's very cozy in here.
It's going to be tough.
It's going to be sunny.
It's going to be scary.
It's going to be risky.
I've eaten here before.
I've done the shopping.
I'm sure Tom will call.
I'll be back in a week.
I worry about you, too.
I was tired last night.
I told Tom to hurry up.
I think Tom hates Mary.
I saw Tom last weekend.
I need to do that, too.
I need a bottle opener.
I like your new jacket.
I have to wear glasses.
I have to do some work.
I always enjoy parties.
Food here is expensive.
Don't let this get wet.
Does Tom still need me?
Does Tom still have it?
Does Tom live near you?
Does Tom ever call you?
Could I ask a question?
Why does Tom eat pork?
What did you show Tom?
Tom's boots are muddy.
Tom will look at it.
Tom was staring at me.
Tom wanted to stop us.
Tom wanted to keep it.
Tom wanted to go, too.
Tom wanted to be last.
Tom wanted to be here.
Tom unleashed his dog.
Tom tried to fix that.
Tom took a yoga class.
Tom taught Mary a lot.
Tom should study more.
Tom paid for the meal.
Tom often watches CNN.
Tom met us last night.
Tom let me sit by him.
Tom isn't on the list.
Tom isn't going there.
Tom isn't a foreigner.
Tom is wearing a coat.
Tom is very impressed.
Tom is very confident.
Tom is still not sure.
Tom is still not safe.
Tom is still in there.
Tom is still checking.
Tom is staring at you.
Tom is scared of Mary.
Tom is right on track.
Tom is really pleased.
Tom is ready, I think.
Tom is ready to begin.
Tom is ready for that.
Tom is ready for Mary.
Tom is probably ready.
Tom is on his way now.
Tom is making a movie.
Tom is likely to wait.
Tom is likely to fail.
Tom is just different.
Tom is in third place.
Tom is here in Boston.
Tom is having fun now.
Tom is going downtown.
Tom is done for today.
Tom is being laid off.
Tom is being cautious.
Tom is baking cookies.
Tom is actually early.
Tom is about to start.
Tom is a very old man.
Tom is a teacher here.
Tom hopped in the car.
Tom heard a loud bang.
Tom hasn't complained.
Tom fell off his bike.
Tom fell off a ladder.
Tom drank three beers.
Tom asked us for help.
Tom and Mary saw John.
Tom always helps Mary.
This soup's too salty.
My job is very boring.
It's your turn to pay.
It's hot in this room.
I've made some coffee.
I've bought a new car.
I'm tired of standing.
I'm getting a new car.
I'm feeling depressed.
I'm caught in traffic.
I'm brushing my teeth.
I'm better than I was.
I'll have the chicken.
I know some first aid.
I knew Tom lied to us.
I knew Tom lied to me.
I had a nice vacation.
I had a good vacation.
I fell off my bicycle.
I enjoyed my vacation.
I eat fruit every day.
I don't work at night.
I can't see you today.
I can't eat that much.
Don't buy those shoes.
Does Tom go out often?
Diamonds aren't cheap.
Can Tom drive a truck?
Why did Tom help you?
Why did Tom eat pork?
What time did Tom go?
We'll need some help.
We have a spare room.
Tom was watching CNN.
Tom was mean to Mary.
Tom was a bit scared.
Tom wanted to try it.
Tom wanted to see us.
Tom wanted to retire.
Tom wanted to escape.
Tom sat on the table.
Tom sang three songs.
Tom often wears blue.
Tom never watches TV.
Tom must not do that.
Tom might call later.
Tom makes good money.
Tom made Mary suffer.
Tom isn't used to it.
Tom isn't being sued.
Tom is tired of this.
Tom is the new owner.
Tom is still with me.
Tom is still excited.
Tom is scared of you.
Tom is really afraid.
Tom is proud of that.
Tom is on this plane.
Tom is inexperienced.
Tom is here for Mary.
Tom is getting tired.
Tom is finally alone.
Tom is desperate now.
Tom is baking a cake.
Tom has to work late.
Tom has to be warned.
Tom has a cold again.
Tom drives a minivan.
Tom can do that here.
Please open a window.
Is Tom working today?
I've cleaned my room.
I'm stuck in traffic.
I'm good at swimming.
I was sick last week.
I was here last week.
I think Tom hates us.
I need some exercise.
I like rock and roll.
Here's your room key.
Do you work at night?
Do you have red wine?
Do spiders scare you?
You've been injured.
Why are you so slow?
Where's immigration?
We're expecting you.
We need a tow truck.
We bought a new car.
Tom wasn't offended.
Tom wanted to watch.
Tom wanted to speak.
Tom wanted to relax.
Tom wanted to pitch.
Tom wanted to learn.
Tom wanted to do it.
Tom tilted his head.
Tom stirred his tea.
Tom ordered a steak.
Tom isn't that poor.
Tom isn't safe here.
Tom isn't a quitter.
Tom is working here.
Tom is watching CNN.
Tom is very hopeful.
Tom is used to that.
Tom is through here.
Tom is sure of that.
Tom is really obese.
Tom is real excited.
Tom is proud of you.
Tom is pretty tired.
Tom is pretty happy.
Tom is on the beach.
Tom is leaving soon.
Tom is kind of late.
Tom is just leaving.
Tom is invited, too.
Tom is being helped.
Tom is always there.
Tom is almost broke.
Tom is afraid of us.
Tom is afraid of me.
Tom is a normal kid.
Tom fixed the latch.
Tom criticized Mary.
Please stay with me.
It's my turn to pay.
I'm good at drawing.
I'm good at dancing.
I'll take the train.
I'd prefer red wine.
I worked last night.
I used to play golf.
I threw my back out.
I sprained my wrist.
I never read in bed.
I like these colors.
I like orange juice.
I got there at 2:30.
I got hit by a ball.
Does Tom still sing?
Do you want dessert?
Do you need a spoon?
Do snakes scare you?
Are you watching TV?
You'd better drive.
You can't sit here.
You can walk there.
Why did Tom resign?
Who's Tom's mother?
What's your budget?
What was the cause?
We should warn Tom.
Tom won't stop now.
Tom wiped his eyes.
Tom went to church.
Tom washed his car.
Tom was just lucky.
Tom wanted to work.
Tom wanted to walk.
Tom wanted to wait.
Tom wanted to swim.
Tom wanted to play.
Tom stole your car.
Tom needs a change.
Tom must be warned.
Tom isn't home now.
Tom is very skinny.
Tom is very frugal.
Tom is really poor.
Tom is really late.
Tom is quite sharp.
Tom is nearly home.
Tom is in no hurry.
Tom is fixing that.
Tom is filthy rich.
Tom is aware of it.
Tom is an activist.
Tom has complained.
Tom goes to church.
That's my mother's.
That's my father's.
Spiders terrify me.
I've got blue eyes.
I'm cooking dinner.
I'd like to go now.
I was busy working.
I still feel dizzy.
I need stamps, too.
I miss Tom's smile.
I hope you'll come.
Do you have change?
Do I need stitches?
A typhoon's coming.
You're badly hurt.
We only take cash.
Tom's car's dirty.
Tom won't be sued.
Tom looked drowsy.
Tom isn't invited.
Tom is way behind.
Tom is used to it.
Tom is meticulous.
Tom is making jam.
Tom is just lucky.
Tom is in the car.
Tom is fine today.
Tom doesn't snore.
Tom blushed again.
Snakes terrify me.
I'll go by subway.
I'd like a refund.
I still feel weak.
I missed you, too.
I like big cities.
I don't like rain.
I can't work here.
I can't bend over.
Has Tom gone home?
Does Tom eat fish?
Does Tom eat eggs?
Are you a tourist?
You've been hurt.
Who was Tom with?
Tom was cautious.
Tom looks drowsy.
Tom isn't active.
Tom is on a date.
Tom is like Mary.
Tom is in school.
Tom is behind us.
That's my mother.
That's my father.
Is your car blue?
I'm in the lobby.
I'll go by train.
I'd prefer decaf.
I'd better hurry.
I never watch TV.
I need help, too.
I like my school.
I don't want ice.
Here's your coat.
Tom will escape.
Tom took a bath.
Tom is worn out.
Tom is home now.
The line's busy.
My back is sore.
I'm in the park.
I'm hungry, too.
I'm at the mall.
I used to paint.
Be here by 2:30.
Be here at 2:30.
Who's Tom with?
Tom isn't lost.
Tom is invited.
Sailing is fun.
I'm getting by.
I'll go by bus.
I hate cooking.
I feel nervous.
I do that, too.
This is on me.
Open a window.
Is this spicy?
I need stamps.
I feel rotten.
I can't relax.
I'm well now.
I feel lousy.
Who paid?
That's wet.
That's the fastest train in the world.
Mary has weird breasts.
Is it true that Tom and Marie have just opened a linguistic consulting firm?
If you want to divorce, you will have to pay the price.
I promised him that I would not tell it to anyone.
We will be safer here.
Your skin is white like paper.
I'm happy there.
Mozart died in 1791.
My grandfather had been dead for a long time when I was born.
I could not live without you.
Who's going to eat all that?
But, what do you do there?
Have you always lived here?
Would you like to sleep with me tonight?
Are you crazy? You're gonna get killed!
The death of her dog was difficult for her to live through.
My husband is difficult to live with.
Do you want us to do waffles or crepes?
I love this view.
Have you honestly ever seen a view so magnificent?
I am only the translator.
I lost faith.
Sami was killed.
Sami was terrified of his father.
Sami became even more terrified of his father.
It was Sami's blood.
Sami was still in the apartment.
Sami is now forty-six years old.
Sami lives quietly in Cairo.
Sami never remarried.
Sami doesn't remember Layla.
Sami tried to befriend Layla.
Sami was given an opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami took the baby and went.
Sami couldn't do what he wanted to do.
Sami got very violent.
Sami took the baby and left.
Sami fell onto his knee.
Sami was lying there.
Sami was a cold-blooded murderer.
Sami continued to look for the money.
Sami opened up the piggy bank and took the money.
Sami took the baby off the bed.
Sami went home.
Sami got rid of his bloody clothes.
Layla wrapped the baby up.
Layla went to collect the baby from the Bakir's.
Sami slept through the movie.
Sami was late by thirty minutes.
Sami brutally killed Layla.
Sami is a monster.
Sami did what he did.
Sami hurt everyone.
Sami is my first-born son.
Sami misses Layla so much.
Sami is doing what he always did.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe.
Why did Sami convert to Islam?
Sami learned Arabic late in life.
Sami and Layla will talk about this later.
Sami was a big talker.
Sami hopped on his bike.
Layla hopped on Sami's bike.
Tom won't likely do that tomorrow.
Tom will be eating dinner at Mary's house tonight.
Tom was wearing a name tag.
Tom said he was looking for volunteers.
Tom said he was looking for more volunteers.
Tom said he was looking for a volunteer.
Tom is very, very good at what he does.
Tom is one of my clients.
Tom is more intelligent than most people think he is.
Tom is in a brass quintet.
Tom is having fun, right?
Tom is having fun, isn't he?
Tom is having a party tomorrow evening.
Tom is going to have a good time, I'm sure.
Tom is going to do that this evening.
Tom is eating dinner at Mary's house tonight.
Tom is coming now.
Tom is a very good player.
Tom has been asking the questions.
Tom and Mary are in the living room playing cards.
I didn't expect you to help.
Age is the time from birth to death.
If Tom didn't kill Mary, then who did?
Tom was hanged for a murder he didn't commit.
Sami moved to Canada from Egypt.
Sami loved to have fun.
Sami lit up any room he walked into with the smile that he had.
Layla had no shortage of men pursuing her.
Sami has made a big impression.
Sami gave Layla his card.
Do you know Sami?
Sami should call Layla.
That's the worst that could happen.
Sami and Layla met on a Cairo subway.
Sami was eager to impress.
Sami took Layla to his new office.
Sami seems busy.
Sami was the perfect man for Layla.
Sami was well-mannered.
Sami understands the hard work it takes to build a successful career.
Sami had a great professional.
Sami made his life himself.
Sami is Layla's new boyfriend.
Sami helped Layla find a job.
Sami was a powerful figure within the Toronto Arab community.
Sami and Layla dated for six months.
Sami and Layla were spending as much time together as they could.
Sami danced beautiful.
Sami and Layla were very happy together.
Sami looks so handsome.
Sami is a Congressman.
Sami and Layla were together everywhere.
Sami and Layla appeared as a couple everywhere.
Sami looks wonderful.
Sami and Layla look wonderful together.
Sami was proud to show off his car.
Sami wanted to look better.
Sami is anything but perfect.
Sami and Layla were ready to take the next step.
Layla has always dreamed of getting married.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a beautiful wedding.
Sami has been married before.
Sami doesn't want to change that.
Sami is going to the office.
Sami introduced Layla to Farid.
Sami told people that Layla was his wife.
Sami and Layla were married.
This made Sami look more respectable.
Sami moved in with Layla.
Sami and Layla were very compatible.
Sami didn't like sharing space with Layla's son.
The atmosphere soured between Sami and Layla.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter, but he didn't send it.
Sami wants Layla to feel at home.
Sami went upstairs.
Sami told Layla to go upstairs.
Sami was controlling at times.
Sami looked at Layla as property.
Sami wanted to be always in the center of attention.
Sami has never visited Egypt.
Egypt has the best food and the best music in the Arab world.
Sami might be cheating on Layla.
Sami cheated to feel more admired.
Sami wanted more women in his life.
Sami was living a charmed life.
Sami had his business.
Sami is no fool.
I've seen a lot of Tom recently.
We were deeply moved by Tom's story.
Sami knows Layla is cheating on him.
Layla accused Sami of sleeping with another woman.
Sami chose to forgive Layla.
Sami and Layla managed to repair their relationship.
"Let's dance." "No, thank you." "Come on, just a few steps."
Layla couldn't forgive Sami for his infidelity.
Why is Sami dressed like that?
Sami took Layla to fancy dinners.
Sami's drinking became incessant.
Sami did have a drinking problem.
Sami's drinking caused a rift in his marriage.
Sami shut the door.
Sami is out with someone.
Sami spends every single day at the bar.
Sami drank every day.
Sami wanted Layla out.
Sami's crime stunned all the community.
This is where Sami hangs out.
Sami even bragged about how he fooled his wife.
Rocky sure is a good dog.
Layla followed her lover's instructions.
Sami recounted his entire day.
But by using fire-fighting helicopters, we have already managed to largely limit fires.
The boy finished learning how to read.
Mary nodded.
Mary sighs.
Mary's sighing.
Mary burped.
Mary belched.
Can plants talk?
Take comfort in that.
Console yourself with that.
Now you're exaggerating.
That's bonkers.
That's daft.
He collects picture postcards.
Is it fine if I write a letter to Tom? What do you think?
I can't believe I didn't notice the earthquake in my sleep.
It's alright now.
If you come, I'll also go!
If I can't work and study at the same time, should I decline the job?
If you get a smartphone, you should download Skype. Telephone bills are such a waste of money.
Tom Miller, one of several promising young composers, is gathering a lot of attention.
My cat kind of looks like a biscuit.
You can easily drill through that panel.
My sister is in love with my best friend.
Caution! Fragile!
You needn't count on me.
Who told you all this?
What is it that you're trying to say?
Enough with that mysterious silence!
It is visible to the naked eye.
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? You're surprisingly sensitive.
Do you want to see something?
Tom is listening to electronic music.
Paleontologists have discovered hundreds of well-preserved pterosaur eggs.
Sponges are filter-feeders.
Sponges live at the bottom of the sea.
Tom and Mary explored the abandoned tunnel.
Tom didn't study for his final exam.
Pterosaurs became extinct million years ago.
You remind me of how I used to be.
You should be proud of what you've done.
Will you invite me inside?
I'll text you.
He dropped his gaze.
She dropped her gaze.
They became business partners.
Teenagers are more likely to drive dangerously, especially when one of their friends is nearby.
Is there anything that you want to tell us?
I've never done anything wrong in my life.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
I thought that I was alone.
They thought that they were alone.
I saw him hold Mary's hand.
Tom took my hand.
No one was watching.
She glanced at him.
Solar and wind energy are getting cheaper all the time.
Renewable energy is getting cheaper all the time.
Renewables are getting cheaper all the time.
I hope he's not her boyfriend.
I hope she's not his girlfriend.
How does artificial intelligence work?
I've got my hands full.
Let me invite you to dinner.
Did she invite you to dinner?
Did he invite you to dinner?
The coach made us run three extra laps.
Do you mind if I take a picture?
Should I go out with him?
You can be such a drama queen.
Tom can be such a drama queen.
This is such bullshit.
Mary can be such a drama queen.
You can be such a drama queen, Tom.
"What's wrong?" "Uh, nothing."
So how was your date?
She's something else.
He's something else.
Tom escaped with the help of a guard.
I had no idea we had so much in common.
Tom leaned forward and whispered something into Mary's ear.
Tom leaned forward and whispered something into my ear.
We just went for a walk.
We just went for a walk and talked.
She looked a little disappointed.
He looked a little disappointed.
Who said I had a date?
What makes you think I was on a date?
Tom's spaceship has artificial gravity.
I had such a horrible dream last night.
I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed.
Nobody was watching.
Tom looked into the distance.
Mary looked into the distance.
Your T-shirt's inside out.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the ocean.
Mary waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom rolled up his pants and waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom tried to reassure her.
He tried to reassure her.
Tom tried to reassure Mary.
Mary hiked up her skirt and waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom was lucky that someone helped him do that.
Tom was lucky that somebody helped him do that.
Tom will probably still be angry.
Tom will take a look at it.
This is a completely false accusation.
Maybe I should come back another time.
The patient has regained consciousness.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the river.
Tom looked at the caller ID.
"How was your date?" "Horrible."
Do you mind if I take a look?
It was obvious that they were more than just friends.
"How was your date with Tom?" "It wasn't a date."
I've got my hands full here.
It sounds like you've had a bad day.
Tom took three pictures.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I'll lay the table.
Tom cleared the plates from the table.
The moonlight reflected off the snowflakes.
Tom's dog licked his face.
What is it you're trying to say?
Why didn't you let Tom talk to Mary?
I wonder how Tom feels.
It's good that you were there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice sat around the fire.
Tom and I know Mary cried.
Tom and I know that Mary was crying.
Don't let Tom sleep.
He absolutely trusts you.
I never consider ease and joyfulness as the purpose of life itself.
Tom is happy to have had help doing that.
They handed out free earplugs at the gig.
The gig was as loud as hell.
The volume at the gig was ear-splitting.
The band produced an ear-splitting wall of noise.
It was chocka in there.
The streets were chocka when everyone spilled out of the venue.
The streets were chock-a-block.
If the car breaks down, Ill have to go by shanks mare.
Pardon my clumsiness.
I need the loo!
Not in my opinion.
Tom stood at the window and, in the fading light, began to play the trumpet.
Tom, you're as thin as a rake.
Working at the bookstore
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
I'm not going to be at school tomorrow, I'm going to be in Madrid.
I'm in Spain right now.
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
It is three o'clock right now.
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
Will you be here on Wednesday?
I got up at twelve o'clock on Sunday.
When do you get up on Sundays? When do you got to sleep?
Were you in his house in Madrid last Thursday?
Are they all in Spain?
How old are they?
He eats at twelve o'clock.
She works at the bookstore.
I'm at home from six o'clock in the evening to eight o'clock in the morning.
Did you do something fun?
I planned to meet the professor at 1:30.
I finally found a job.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
They will not be at school tomorrow afternoon.
Where will you be tomorrow afternoon?
Do you have time in the morning?
I wake him up at six o'clock in the morning every day.
Please refrain from disturbing me.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
Last night we were stargazing on the roof.
We shouldn't laugh at his mistake.
Say a simple phrase.
That man pushed her to the side.
The scientist hypothesizes about the beginning of the universe.
All teachers need to go to teacher's college before they are allowed to teach.
Carl Gauss studied modular arithmetic extensively.
You should read this all by yourselves.
The tank was obliterating everything around it.
They had waited a long time to reunite with their family.
He volunteered at an advocacy group.
Suddenly, a man materialized in front of us.
This was a disclaimer before the video played.
Let us have a circle that inscribes a square.
He wrote a short blurb about the movie he had just watched.
New technology often revolutionizes the way we think and do things.
The fate of the country was highly dependent on the new ruler.
The kids spent a long time condensing the snow into a big snowball.
The protester was violently assaulted.
The boy's favorite exhibition at the zoo was the one with the panthers.
The girls bought a chocolate chip cookie with their extra money.
Liberals are sometimes informally referred to as Grits.
The government was impeding on the rights of its citizens.
The boy continued to taunt his younger brother.
The women felt victimized.
The children were most interested in the great white shark.
We have to do this all by ourselves.
Technology is just a tool.
Working too hard can make you unhappy.
It is invisible to the naked eye.
Summer time will end next Sunday.
Summer time will start next Sunday.
That diet makes you thinner, but does it also make you healthier?
Many people in the presidents inner circle  both those inside his White House and, perhaps even more so, the outside advisors  lie really frequently. The liars who surround the president are unique: they lie reflexively, they lie regularly, they lie for petty reasons, and often they lie in ways that are extraordinarily reckless.
There's a parking space a little further ahead.
Tom is a bit of a showman.
Tom is an expert on neural networks.
This is going to be easier than I thought.
I knew it would be easy.
It might be a good idea to check at the counter.
As of next month, prices will go down by 10%.
Of course, you are not supposed to write in your textbook.
The smell of coffee woke me up.
The president will make a statement tomorrow.
I'm eating buttered toast with jam.
He is making use of the collective's name for his own profit.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy some free time just being yourself.
Where are we going to dinner tonight?
Wait for it...here it comes.
I am not really a speech type of guy, but here goes....
Please tell me about your teacher.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to be here by themselves.
Sami was eager to participate into the crime.
I have seen this place before.
Sami will walk out a free man for ever.
Layla was a girly girl, but she also loved sports.
I would like to report someone missing.
The door is always open.
Say something nice.
Say something funny.
What could you say?
Sami has color TV.
Do you know what I like about Sami?
If you behave yourselves today, I'll buy you ice cream.
You'll get six years for stealing Sami's car.
I want a real Cadillac.
I never drink on the job.
"Do you drink?" "Never."
I'm going upstairs to call the boys for dinner.
Sami and Layla have already eaten dinner.
I think I better have a talk with the boys.
That's the way Sami wants it.
Sami wants to stay.
Sami wants Layla to stay.
Sami didn't say one word about Layla staying.
Sami has only two people he can trust: Layla and Farid.
Sami hardly slept a wink all night, thinking about Layla.
I still can't understand why Sami wants to leave.
I only ask for one thing.
Sami is very kind and loving.
Sami makes a wonderful father.
Sami is living in the lap of luxury.
Sami won't give up all this luxury.
This is the couple I told you about.
Sami has a little flat in Cairo.
May I ask what line of business you are in?
I'm in love with these babies already.
That racist asshole said that white children belong with white families.
"Have you heard what that racist asshole just said?" "Fuck him."
Misunderstandings do occur.
Do you hear what that motherfucking racist is saying?
Shut up, racist motherfucker!
Go suck a lemon.
"Fuck off!" "What did you just say, asshole?"
"Fuck off!" "Say that again, asshole?"
Sami is the only one who says the word asshole at home.
I'm too young for Playboy Magazine.
Have you discussed this with Mrs. Bakir?
The place is full of foreigners.
Layla is wearing the ugliest dress.
We're all gonna have dinner in one of the best restaurants in Cairo.
Caviar is fish eggs.
Sami is leaving town.
This is a family affair.
I'll be expecting you.
What can I say? Yesterday, I had to wait for the flash flood to subside. Thunder and lightnings caused voltage drop. And my broadband won't work.
Doing what is right fills the upright with joy, but evil-doers with terror.
Tokyo is bigger than any other Japanese city.
Where is the nuclear waste storage facility?
Sami danced beautifully.
I knew that it wouldn't be easy.
Tom is a vulcanologist.
Quickly!
When I am with you, I feel very happy.
One can get used to anything.
You can get used to anything.
One can get accustomed to anything.
Even the best fish starts to smell after three days.
It's not necessary to remind me about that every time.
Let's not get into that subject.
I want to punch you in the face.
How can you suggest such a thing to me?
Try talking to the police.
It's hard to breathe.
Attention is a currency that I am familiar with.
At first I was still confident, but that should change quickly.
This can be discussed for a long time.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
People wanted the good life.
There is nothing that war has ever achieved we could not better achieve without it.
My favourite season is autumn.
Autumn is my favourite season.
A return ticket to Birmingham, please.
Tom is a black belt in karate.
Mary is a black belt in taekwondo.
Tom is two inches taller than Mary.
Tom got his master's degree in May.
I'm glad you brought it up.
He liked everything about her.
She liked everything about him.
Tom likes everything about Mary.
I asked him if he knew her well.
I asked Tom if he knew her well.
Tom is a freediver.
Tom dove under the ice.
She suffered bitterly.
Tom suffered bitterly.
Tom has a fantastic body.
Mary has a fantastic body.
Mary is a fashion blogger.
Tom has a nice body.
Mary has a nice body.
Tom felt completely at home.
Don't leave the toilet seat up.
Mary untied her hair.
Tom untied his ponytail.
Tom ruffled his hands through his hair.
He seemed sincere.
She seemed sincere.
We're inviting you.
Invite anyone you want.
He's the oldest.
She didn't argue.
He didn't argue.
Tom didn't argue.
I'm the youngest.
Do you understand the instructions?
This is an impressive technological achievement.
Shouldn't we invite him too?
What about Tom? Shouldn't we invite him too?
What about Mary? Shouldn't we invite her too?
Shouldn't we invite Tom, too?
Do you understand what you need to do?
I asked Tom if he knew Mary well.
I asked Tom how well he knew Mary.
Fish and visitors stink after three days.
I allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
He cleans the lettuce.
I'll do what I've gotta do.
Sami was determined to build a sucessful life for him in Canada.
Sami's passing had a lasting effect on Layla.
Sami was the center of Layla's world.
Sami worked very hard to provide a better life for his daugther, Layla.
Sami had a clear vision of how he wanted his life to be.
Sami was from a very good family.
Sami was very kind to everyone.
Sami spent his whole life caring for people.
Sami would give you the shirt off his back.
There was just more one thing Sami needed to do to complete his perfect life: getting married.
Sami and Layla built a perfect life.
Sami went from a life of crime to a life of luxury.
Sami had a bit of a narcissistic streak.
Can you call Layla and tell her that I won't be home for dinner?
Sami and Layla were taking their lunches at a cozy hotel.
Sami and Layla had a very active sex life.
It's an open marriage until the divorce is final.
Sami refused to turn a blind eye.
Sami devoted himself to building a perfect American life.
Sami admitted that he was having an affair.
Sami is sleeping with the receptionist.
Sami learned about Layla's affair.
Sami doesn't pay attention to Layla anymore.
Sami has a controlling personality.
What does she have that I don't have?
You're fat, terrible, ugly,... Do you want me to go on?
Sami tried to make a picture perfect-life for himself and his family.
Sami wanted to have his perfect life back.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of his life for ever.
Layla has just learned that her husband is having an affair with his receptionist.
Layla put on weight since the children.
Sami promised Layla that he was going to break off the affair.
I need to know that Sami's affair is ending.
Sami is ruining Layla's life.
Sami was driving around, looking for Layla.
Sami wanted to break off the affair.
Sami wanted to keep his family together.
Sami and Layla worked hard to save their marriage.
Sami was looking for Layla and Farid.
Sami refused to just walk away.
I need you to come home right now.
He lost his watch.
Sami walked out of the elevator alone.
Sami got out of the elevator.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe and secure.
Sami's rejection has pushed Layla over the edge.
Sami imagined himself outside of his body, watching things go on.
Sami's last heroic act he did in his life was saving Layla.
Sami backed up his car.
The car ran over somebody.
Sami realized that he had run over his wife.
Sami claimed that running over Layla was an accident.
Sami saw Layla lying on the ground.
Sami was charged with the murder of Layla Bakir.
Layla broke down several times during the trial.
Sami destroyed the life of his children.
Sami destroyed the life of Layla Bakir.
Sami has to pay for the treatment out of his pocket.
Sami and Layla were living a lifestyle well beyond their means.
Sami declared bankruptcy.
Sami's cancer could return at any moment.
A year after declaring bankruptcy, Sami set up a new company.
Sami's cancer was still responding well to treatment.
Dublin is my favourite city.
Sami liked to show off his success.
Sami's calm reassurances to Layla were hiding the bitter truth.
Sami visited his store to check on security.
Money started pouring in.
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender asks them, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Sami started cheating on Layla often with women he worked with.
Everyone in this neighborhood knows you are cheating on me.
Sami has had enough of Layla's cheating and lies.
Sami flew into a wild rage.
Sami threatened Layla with divorce.
Are you going to take my kids from me?
Sami can't take chances.
Sami was afraid of losing Layla.
Sami went right back to his old ways.
Sami had multiple affairs with various women.
Sami wanted to dig his family out of debt.
Sami was living a perfect double life and getting away with it.
Go finish your breakfast.
Sami sensed his wife was back to her cheating ways.
Sami is a serial cheater.
Sami thought he would get away with it for ever.
Sami's two different lives eventually collided.
Sami was released on bail.
After his divorce with Layla, Sami's whole life was in shambles.
Sami wanted to figure out how he could salvage his professional life and reputation.
Sami clung to life as blood poured from a deep stab wound.
The police looked into Sami's recent behavior.
"You're under arrest." "For what?" "For the murder of Sami Bakir."
Sami faced possible life in prison.
Sami lived a modest ordinary life.
Sami was living a nice life.
Sami first came to Canada years ago as an Egyptian immigrant.
Sami wanted a better life for himself.
Sami expected life in his new homeland to be filled with love and excitement.
Sami had a very bubbly life.
Sami knew he wasn't supposed to ask his patient on a date, but couldn't resist the Egyptian beauty.
Sami's life was very ordinary.
This breathed a new life into Sami's marriage.
The cat is, above all things, a dramatist; its life is lived in an endless romance though the drama is played out on quite another stage than our own, and we only enter into it as subordinate characters, as stage managers, or rather stage carpenters.
Cats eat bread.
I tore to pieces the picture I took with him.
Today, you didn't wear your contacts and instead had on glasses. For a moment, I couldn't tell who you were!
Mary is a jinx.
When Tom said that he had studied archeology but showed no interest in the excavations, I became suspicious.
Don't try to do everything by yourself.
Where would you go if you could go anywhere?
Tom was lying on his back, looking up at the stars.
Tom cried at the end of the movie.
I asked Mary if she knew him well.
Tom sacrificed himself to save his family.
He's probably just scared.
She's probably just scared.
Don't be naive. He doesn't care about you. He only cares about himself.
No one really knows what happens when we sleep.
I thought that you had enjoyed the experience.
"I know what you're thinking." "What am I thinking?"
Tom backed out at the last minute.
Mary backed out at the last minute.
Tom made a mental note.
A cloud drifted over the moon.
The water in the stream is cold.
I always cry at weddings.
Work smarter, not harder.
Sami walked out of the store.
Sami took a seat and continued watching the fight.
Sami walked out of the store at six o'clock.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman.
Sami's shoes were found in a dumpster.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman out of the store.
Sami followed Layla out of the bar.
Sami was following another blond-haired woman.
Sami was a well-known sex offender.
Sami was arrested for rape.
Sami isn't committing any crime.
Police made contact with Sami.
Police looked into Sami's truck.
Sami disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Sami and Layla played together outside.
Layla got eyes for one man only.
Sami and Layla were crazy in love.
Sami's world came crashing down.
Sami was leaving town.
Sami promised his parents not to do that.
Sami hooked up with some friends.
Sami drove down the coast.
I don't know why Sami picked that beach.
Sami lost his teenage innocence.
There are no cops driving up and down here.
Sami kept Layla warm.
You don't know who's out there.
Sami and Layla slept on the beach.
Sami emerged from the shadows.
Sami is a criminal profiler, in other words, he can get inside the mind of a killer.
Sami was stalking the beach, looking for a victim.
We have a sexual predator on the loose.
Sami didn't get caught.
Sami was lying in wait for the perfect time to strike.
Sami and Layla walked down along the beach.
Sami's luck ran out.
Sami is still out there.
What started out as an evening with friends ended up in a massacre.
Sami spent the night at his best friend's house.
Sami wanted Layla to come home.
Sami pulled up into the driveway.
Sami went running into the house.
Sami came out of his room.
Hope really held us together.
The case quickly went cold.
Sami worked really hard on it.
Sami was plagued with guilt.
Sami's parents were out of town.
Sami is gonna be in so much trouble when he gets back.
Sami was yelling at Layla.
Layla's right nipple was cut off.
Sami's mouth was stuffed with sand.
There was no DNA found on Sami's body.
Sami was killed with a sharp object.
Sami didn't have sex with the victim.
Sami didn't have sex with his victims.
Sami wanted to have complete power and control over Layla.
Sami left Layla for dead.
Sami wanted to play God.
That was very gratifying for Sami.
I have heard that from Sami.
Sami finally came to.
Sami and Layla fell asleep.
Sami and Layla made love.
Sami and Layla made love then fell asleep.
Sami's eyes were swollen shut.
Sami tried to stand up but he just kept falling over.
Sami got back to his car.
Sami's survival instinct kicked in.
The police finally managed to track Sami down.
There isn't a morning that goes by where I don't think about Sami.
Sami woke up at six.
Sami was in a daze.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of their time at each other's homes.
Sami remained in a coma for weeks.
Sami finally woke up.
Sami was on the beach that night.
Sami was sick from war.
Sami is on summer vacation.
Sami had another day of fun in the sun.
Sami was cut across the neck.
Sami jumped off a building in downtown Cairo.
What was Sami doing out that night?
Mennad snuck out of his parents' house.
The beach is full of life.
This is where Sami lost his life.
Life just moves on.
For me, after Sami's death, life just stopped.
Sami will stay at the house.
Sami listened to his parents.
Sami had a larger-than-life personality.
There was no limit to what Sami could have done.
Sami had his whole life ahead of him.
Sami needs to do his moral duty.
Sami can finally rest in peace.
They say that girls are going missing on this highway.
It was like evil came over us and we couldn't stop fighting.
Sami's killer is still out there.
Sami felt far from the troubles and dangers of a big city.
I wish I was here to fish.
Sami looked at the highway.
Sami is on the police list.
Sami has officially gone missing on June 6th, 2006.
If Sami is alive, we want to bring him home.
Sami cried a lot of times.
Sami bludgeoned his victims to death.
Sami heard Layla screaming from his house.
There were other secrets Sami discovered when he talked to Layla.
Sami picked up a hitchhiker.
The police stopped investigating and the case went cold.
Sami won't pick up just anybody.
Layla felt safe with Sami.
The predator was distracted from its prey.
Sami managed to stay out of view for many years.
Sami would take a ride from anybody.
Sami gave Layla a ride.
A truck driver picked Sami up.
Sami made several stops on that highway.
Some answers might lie in that town.
Sami's town is a tiny dot surrounded by the Russian wilderness.
Sami is with somebody.
Sami took the phone call.
Sami found Layla's clothes hanging up in his room.
Sami went missing.
Sami went in there and started yelling.
Sami planned to join some friends at a party.
Sami hitched a ride.
The only way to get there is to hitch a ride.
Sami always came back at six.
Something went very wrong that night.
I just can't imagine the pain Sami went through.
Sami's day turned to horror.
Sami's body wasn't easy to find.
Sami has been talking to me a lot about racing cars.
Sami might be connected to the victim.
Sami wanted Layla out of sight, out of mind.
Sami may have known the area.
Sami was scared Layla might be connected to him.
Sami can't be connected to the victim.
Sami was looking around.
Sami faded into the background.
I've got a question for Sami.
Sami disposed of the victim.
Sami is done with the phone.
Sami disposed of Layla's body.
This murder case dates back to the early sixties.
A bitter winter is setting in.
Sami was found murdered on the roadside.
Sami and Layla had something in common.
Sami spent a lot of time talking to Layla.
Sami got in his car.
Sami got a young girl in his car.
Sami was ruled out as being involved in Layla's death.
I felt like evil came over me and I couldn't stop until I was done beating Layla to death.
For Sami, life goes on.
Sami was greeted with warmth.
Sami was walking on the highway at night.
Sami may end up dead.
Sami was trying to cover his tracks.
Sami had a problem with women.
Some eyewitnesses may not be around anymore.
Sami was able to get some help.
Today's investigation technology could get information out of a tiny hair.
Sami hitchhiked to a friend's house nearby.
Sami has a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami is a Canadian with a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami picked up girls, murdered them, and dumped their bodies in the woods.
Sami had a taste for killing.
Sami took chances.
Sami took chances when they came up.
There is another killer out there.
People started coming forward and telling police what they knew.
Sami held back some information.
Is Sami still out there?
Sami begged Layla not to hitchhike.
Sami went back to the highway.
Layla baked cookies for Christmas.
Sami really wanted to be a psychologist when he grew up.
Sami felt so bad for Layla.
This happened on Christmas.
Sami would sit here and cry.
You should look at this.
Sami will take you on a wonderful journey.
Sami went missing in Egypt.
Sami is on a mission to reveal the truth.
Mennad, an investigative journalist, is obsessed with unsolved murders.
Sami is not planning on going quietly.
Sami doesn't have his gun on him.
Sami stepped out of the car.
Sami put himself in danger by doing so.
Sami was missing.
Is there still a possibility to save Sami's life?
The initial interrogation took place at a police station in Toronto.
Sami is here to find out the truth.
Sami is in custody.
Sami led a quiet life with his girlfriend and their daughter in Cairo.
Sami spent a few years in the military.
On paper, Sami is pretty normal.
The cards are laid on the table.
Sami sat there quietly and said nothing for ten whole minutes.
Sami explained to us how he did that.
Sami lived about an hour north of Toronto.
Sami dropped Layla's body down to the bottom of the lake.
Police knew just where to look for Sami's body.
Sami took Layla back to his home.
Sami held Layla captive.
Sami gave Layla some water.
Sami told Layla exactly what he was going to do to her.
Sami killed Layla by asphyxiation.
Sami seems to be loving every minute of it.
Sami derived a great deal of enjoyment from that experience.
Sami could flick the swith from a sadistic killer to a loving and caring father.
Sami has been living a secret life for the last sixteen years.
Sami is one of the worst serial killers I have ever heard of.
Sami wanted to make a deal.
I want this whole thing wrapped up and over as soon as possible.
Sami doesn't want to be on TV.
Sami wanted his kids to have a chance to grow up in a safe place.
The investigation will go on for months.
Sami gave up just one of his secrets.
Sami disappeared from his home and was never heard from again.
Sami confessed to murdering Layla.
Sami is telling the truth.
Sami dropped the murder weapon in a lake.
Sami got caught.
Sami killed at random.
Sami never talks to anyone about this.
Sami didn't give up the details of his crimes.
The police uncovered more details about Sami's life.
Sami has roamed all over Egypt.
Sami drove to Cairo.
Sami drove another hundred miles to Cairo.
Sami flew out of this airport.
Sami flew under his own name.
For a long time, Sami was absolutely right.
Sami prepared his murder years in advance.
Sami dug his rifle up.
Sami covered his tracks.
Sami learned everything he needed to cover his tracks.
Sami greased his rifle and buried it on his farm.
Sami was on a military mission.
Sami is comfortable in an area like this.
Sami was shocked by the answer.
Sami admitted to holdups in Egypt.
Sami tried to escape from the court.
Sami attempted to run out of the courtroom.
Sami managed to lurch forward another six feet towards the door before he was tased by a security guard.
Sami worked here for six months.
What Sami has got to say might shock you.
Sami got no red flags from Laya at all.
Sami took a break.
Sami didn't stop for lunch.
Sami is going to Egypt.
Sami took a trip for six days.
Sami is paying Layla to do her job.
Sami cared about his girlfriend and daughter.
Sami presented a friendly and normal face to the world.
Sami asked Layla for money.
Sami tried to avoid life in prison.
Things didn't go the way Sami wanted.
Sami made one final carefully planned kill.
Sami took many secrets to the grave.
Sami roamed Egypt, looking for victims.
That's what Sami wants to find out.
This incredible story has only just begun.
Sami did hours of interviews with the FBI.
Sami admitted to six murders.
I wasn't prepared for what I found.
Look after the environment, look after fellow creatures, look after the earth.
Do it today. Don't wait for tomorrow.
Tomorrow may never come.
Do it within the hour. Don't wait for the following hour. There may be other things to do the next hour.
Do it now, not later. There may not be another opportunity any time soon.
A man walks into a bar...
Tom's study faces the backyard.
I'm tired to the point of collapse.
Are you guys sure that's necessary?
This shirt really needs to be ironed.
This shirt really needs ironing.
This shirt must be ironed.
This shirt's got to be ironed.
It froze this night.
Do you see that fox?
See that fox?
I'm sorry, but I'm not the one you think I am.
Tom'll do his nut if you don't bring him his doughnut.
He'll do his nut when he sees that.
The room's nice.
Sami is nowhere in sight.
Sami reacted with shock.
Take the medicine the doctor prescribed you.
Take the medicine that the doctor prescribed to you.
It's always good to have a first-aid kit in the car.
I've changed my plans. It would be very expensive to move now.
The majority of consumers are opposed to plastic bags.
He saw the surprised expression on my face.
His mother's very pleased with him.
He rules the country with an iron fist.
He rules the land with an iron hand.
Can I have a glass of milk, please?
They'll do anything to win.
I'm sticking holiday photos all over the wall.
I'll plaster this wall with holiday photos.
Tom became dizzy from the heat.
Anton regularly goes to confession.
Their parents are on holiday.
They haven't told us anything.
They didn't tell us anything.
They told us nothing.
I need an unfurnished flat.
He gets great pleasure from long walks through the woods.
He enjoys long walks through the woods.
Which Hogwarts house do you belong to?
Tom and Mary are both Harry Potter fans.
Tom took a personality test.
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
I'm really glad I did it.
Tom took the Myers-Briggs personality test.
Tom's job is very stressful.
Mary's job is very stressful.
You go first, then.
Let's bury the hatchet.
Could you hand me a towel?
Extroverts like to be the center of attention.
It took a moment for the words to sink in.
Mary was flattered.
Tom smiled shyly.
Mary smiled shyly.
She blushed even more.
Mary blushed even more.
Tom blushed even more.
I was flattered by the invitation.
Won't you stay just a bit longer?
The night was just getting started.
I suppose I was flattered.
I was flattered by the attention.
It wasn't long before we became lovers.
It wasn't long before they became lovers.
I would love to buy you a drink.
Tom wrapped Mary in his arms and kissed her.
I want you so badly.
You probably shouldn't do this.
We probably shouldn't do this.
Her face reddened.
Mary's face reddened.
We talked a little.
What a cheek!
They really seemed to enjoy themselves.
"I'm flattered," Tom said sarcastically.
I fell for him the first moment I saw him.
I fell for her the first moment I saw her.
I thought it would interest you.
Tom pulled his T-shirt over his head.
What a shambles.
What an utter shambles.
Open the door, dear children  your mother's brought each of you something.
The wood's got to be handled carefully.
The wood must be handled with care.
The wood must be kept carefully.
Tom's listening to the Shipping Forecast.
This problem must be considered as a whole.
I know it sounds cheesy.
Don't mess everything up!
Tom has strikingly good looks.
Tom was oblivious to her presence.
Tom was not oblivious to her presence.
Tom fought in both world wars.
The money must be paid at the time of purchase.
Do you have your own flat?
What's so special about him?
What's so special about her?
Consider it a friendly warning.
What is Tom trying to prove?
Tom arranged an emergency meeting.
Tom turned red with embarrassment.
Mary turned red with embarrassment.
I'm so excited to be here.
What are you most scared of?
You're heartless.
I just got lucky.
Everyone was still laughing.
I should get back to the party.
His hands became fists.
They live in social housing.
They live in a council flat.
Tom slept on top of the covers.
Tom has thick blond hair.
I have literally no idea who you're talking about.
I have no idea who you're talking about.
The squirrel hid in Tom's back pocket.
Tom hid his squirrel in his back pocket.
Mary hid the squirrel in her back pocket.
The rain's stopped; the windows can be opened again.
Tom's face turned red with embarrassment.
Mary's face turned red with embarrassment.
Mary dug her phone out of her purse.
Mary dressed hurriedly.
Tom dressed hurriedly.
Tom has a 9-to-job.
Your wife is on the phone.
Your husband is on the phone.
Do you have a moment to speak with me?
Do you love your husband?
I have never heard a good pronunciation of this word, so maybe I'm pronouncing it wrong.
Football is the only sport that unites people.
Let me introduce you to the ones I love the most.
You're my only love.
You are my first love.
What do I love most?
Nixon resigned because of the Watergate scandal.
We were both slightly embarrassed.
They were both slightly embarrassed.
I know how much you care for me.
I don't think this is a method that I can recommend really unless you are willing to risk failure.
Sami is mildly delusional.
Sami provided a DNA sample to police.
The police confirmed Sami's alibi.
Sami lived in a neighboring apartment.
There was never an affair between Sami and Layla.
Sami had a jealous wife.
Layla accused Salima of having an affair with her husband.
Are you seeing my husband?
Sami's life was falling apart until he met Layla.
Sami is still married.
Sami saw Layla as more than a friend.
Sami shouldn't be doing that.
Sami doesn't deserve that.
Sami was eager to help Layla fix her problems.
Sami introduced Layla to his sister, Salima.
Sami gave Layla advice on things she usually did.
Sami and Layla's arguments often ended violently.
Sami never wanted to tell anybody.
Sami was never arrested or charged for any crime.
Sami was surprised by how things unfolded between Layla and Farid.
There is a thing that just doesn't add up.
When Sami kissed Layla, she started to cry.
When Sami and Layla finished having sex, she started to cry.
Sami would drink a lot.
Sami turned his wrath on his stepkids.
Life in Sami and Layla's household took an ugly turn.
Sami wanted to have a mother in his life.
You're doing it wrong again.
Life in Sami's household reached a boiling point.
You've hit me.
You're going to jail.
I didn't hit you.
I hit the wall.
Sami and Layla only had a verbal fight.
How dare you hit me?
Life quickly returned to normal.
Sami and Layla are the two people I trust the most in my life.
Sami wanted to keep the affair separate from the rest of his life.
Sami's life was in danger.
Sami felt that Layla's life was in danger.
How did Sami's gun get there?
Sami started to panick.
All Sami wants is the truth.
Sami was traumatized and confused.
Sami's version of the events doesn't make sense.
Sami tried to leave Layla.
Sami wasn't prepared to use the gun.
Sami got up and ran.
Sami did another video about himself.
Sami loves each one of you.
Sami loves sweet potatoes.
Sami has three birth marks.
Sami was born with a birth mark on his right thigh.
Layla never wears necklaces.
Layla wanted to have a necklace.
Who are the world doping champions?
A pair of falcons nests on the roof.
Ask, and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened to you. Everyone who asks receives; everyone who searches finds; everyone who knocks will have the door opened.
Stop now, please.
I think you should download this app.
I'm going to lie down for a while.
I think like you.
This bike is the same as mine.
Don't touch it till I come back.
Her insolent remarks to her boss cost her her job.
There were many gods and goddesses in ancient Rome.
Some do it, Apple does it right, and the industry follows.
I've been looking forward to a quiet weekend.
The highest mountain in the world is Mt. Everest in Nepal, rising more than 8,metres into the sky.
On the lava fields of Hawaiis Kilauea volcano, a team of NASA researchers and partners have been busy doing science in a most unusual way.
Basalt is a type of rock that forms when lava solidifies.
Hawaiis volcanic activity today is a good stand-in for the conditions that existed on ancient Mars.
Biologists, geologists and geochemists work together on this project to understand the lifeforms, such as bacteria, that grow on these rocks, and the factors that allow them to thrive.
Our Suns energy drives our planets ocean currents, seasons, weather and climate.
We live on a solar-powered planet.
As we wake up in the morning, the Sun peeks over the horizon to shed light on us, blanket us with warmth and provide cues to start our day.
Without the Sun, life on Earth would not exist.
Finland celebrates years of independence in 2017.
Finland achieved independence on December 6, 1917.
Finland has the most saunas per capita.
For nearly years, NASA has been measuring how much sunshine powers our home planet.
This December, NASA is launching an instrument to the International Space Station to continue monitoring the Suns energy input to the Earth system. The Total and Spectral solar Irradiance Sensor (TSIS-1) will precisely measure what scientists call total solar irradiance.
Finns love tango.
Finland has the most heavy metal bands per capita in the world.
Over the course of about years, our Sun cycles from a relatively quiet state to a peak in intense solar activity called a solar maximum.
Tom nearly died of embarrassment.
Mary nearly died of embarrassment.
I nearly died of embarrassment.
Tom almost died of embarrassment.
Mary almost died of embarrassment.
I almost died of embarrassment.
Finland offers fathers nine weeks of paternity leave.
Tom owns an Iittala glass bird designed by Oiva Toikka.
Alvar Aalto is a famous Finnish architect.
Tom is a glassblower.
Tom works full-time.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Finland's government is one of the least corrupt in the world.
Finland has one of the best education systems in the world.
A passenger train collided with a freight train near Dsseldorf.
Angry Birds was created by a Finnish company.
Over the course of one solar cycle (one 11-year period), the Suns emitted energy varies on average at about 0.percent. That may not sound like a lot, but the Sun emits a large amount of energy  1,watts per square meter. Even fluctuations at just a tenth of a percent can affect Earth.
A Volkswagen executive received a seven-year prison for his role in the Dieselgate scandal.
Tom dedicated his poem to Mary.
I dedicate this song to Mary.
I dedicate this song to Tom.
He was so handsome.
She was so beautiful.
This is embarrassing in retrospect.
The wealthiest percent of American households own percent of the country's wealth.
This is not my area of expertise.
That was kind of embarrassing.
Where is your luggage?
You don't allow your kids to do that, do you?
You don't allow your children to do that, do you?
I watch the news every morning.
How can you imagine that I don't love you anymore?
It's turning sour.
The parents are standing outside of the school waiting for the children.
Everyone in my family is very healthy.
Everyone in my family is healthy.
Everyone in my family is doing OK.
No one in my family is sick.
Everyone in my family enjoys watching TV.
Everyone in my family can play a musical instrument.
Everyone in my family can play an instrument.
Buddhist monks shave their heads.
Hey, that's cheating!
I wondered whether or not Tom thought he had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we should do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought you had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary not to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she needed to do that.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that today or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted us to be here or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to sing or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance or not.
Sami must think I have lost it.
Sami claimed that he could contact the dead.
I wondered whether Tom told Mary to do that or not.
Is there a spirit here with a message for someone at this table?
Ask him something that only him would know the answer to.
What did you do for a living?
Sami just fell over dead.
Spirit, are you here with us?
Sami knew enough about medicine to bluff his way through some easy questions, passing himself off as a doctor.
Sami made contact with the dead.
Sami told us a terrifying story.
Sami took a coffee break.
Sami spent his entire life there.
I'll see you down there.
Sami is usually in by now.
"It sounds so stupid." "To me, it doesn't."
You can come over any time you like, if you want.
Sami invited Layla to spend the night.
So where are you headed?
Sami had a pretty rough childhood.
Sami was sexually abused as a child.
Stay here with me. You'll be safe.
"I'll help you." "You're my hero."
Sami was lonely and wanted somebody to talk to.
Sami loves the high life just as much as Layla does.
Mennad had an amazing house down by the river.
You guys can come over all the time.
Sami wanted to impress Layla.
Sami could help change that.
We need to protect the lives of people.
Life is not static.
Sami said that Layla was the love of his life.
Sami hosted a Halloween party.
Sami hosted a Halloween bash for his friends.
Sami is doing better in life.
I didn't want to disappoint Sami.
Do you promise that you won't tell Sami that I gave you his number?
Sami couldn't memorize the number.
None of the phone numbers worked.
Layla feared for her life.
Sami was the center of Layla's life.
Layla got her son ready for school.
Layla is a kindergarten teacher.
Layla treasures her job.
Layla is a translator. A job she treasures.
Sami and Layla had some dinner together then went to bed.
Sami was interested in learning everything about Layla's life.
Sami knows nothing about Layla's personal life.
Layla was a prostitute.
Layla was a whore.
Layla had AIDS.
I'm gonna get the police involved.
We're responding to a call.
Sami took an immediate liking to Layla.
Sami stayed over one night.
Sami was still reluctant to call the police.
Sami was reluctant to call the police yet again.
Sami called the police yet again.
Sami is not going to court.
Sami failed to appear at his hearing.
Sami got a phone call at his house.
Sami put the house on the market.
Your restraining order is toilet paper.
I wish to study in Boston.
Sami is eluding the police.
Sami started a new chapter in his life.
Sami told the police that he was being stalked.
Another police officer came.
You can't come now. There's a lot going on. Maybe you could come later.
Sami was a loud mouth.
What's the gun for? Some score to settle?
Where are you gonna live, you bum?
"I'm ashamed to call you my son." "The feeling is mutual." "Oh yeah? Then get out of my house!"
Sami took Layla out of his will.
Sami can't help you out unless you're straight with him.
Sami is about to take Layla out of his will.
Sami had a motive to kill.
You should talk to my sister's boyfriend.
Why do you want to leave Boston?
We might go to Boston next spring.
Where's your favorite place to eat in Boston?
Palestine has the indisputable right to defend its territory.
Subscribe for more videos.
A year after his marriage with Layla, Sami started an affair with another woman.
Layla overheard Sami talking on the phone with his mistress.
It's his stag do.
It's his stag party.
Sami and Layla denied they were having an affair.
I've introduced Mary to my parents.
I don't understand how you can like this pub.
Sami fought hard for his life.
When did you buy that phone?
Can you tell me tomorrow's schedule?
Nobody ever comes to see me in hospital.
Jealousy and stupidity often walk together.
Am I sick, Doctor?
We hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted.
The chocolate cake has an ooey-gooey center that spills out when it's cut.
My uncle is a fuddy-duddy who thinks life was better back in the 1950s.
Blue is the complementary color to orange, so you'll often see them together on movie posters.
Traveling salesmen lead stressful lives.
There are no skyscrapers overshadowing the city anymore.
She succeeded in overshadowing her brother after she had finished law school.
I need a deep-tissue massage after a tough day.
Sami never had a normal kid's life.
The reason I'm writing you is to tell the truth and nothing else.
Sami was buying and selling cars.
Sami always tells the truth.
Sami has left his life in Cairo behind to search for his daughter.
How do you plan on hiding it?
How do you plan on hiding this?
Sami bought himself a new truck.
I fumbled for the torch.
I felt for the torch.
You shouldn't have worried so much.
We all looked at each other.
The firemen managed to contain the fire.
You asked to see me?
My husband is having an affair.
Why are men like that?
This is so entertaining!
I'll never understand men.
I'll never understand women.
Her question took me by surprise.
His question took me by surprise.
Tom's question took me by surprise.
Have you ever seen a rainbow?
Does the name Tom mean anything to you?
Tom wore a Santa hat.
Tom and Mary were wearing Santa hats.
Her question took him by surprise.
My heart is heavy.
How I long to be with you.
Your mom seems nice.
Tom pushed his food around his plate.
Mary pushed her food around.
They don't have to stay.
Alphabetize this list.
Waiting tables in Boston can be very lucrative.
It looks like I might have to go to Boston next summer.
I don't understand what you're driving at.
Tom said he wouldn't win.
What if Tom did that?
Tom says Mary was bored.
Tom says he's desperate.
Tom says he's very busy.
Don't pull me.
We need to extinguish that fire.
Sami ordered some flowers.
We couldn't put out the fire.
Where is Sami rushing to?
There is nothing Sami can do about it.
Sami was disappointed in Layla.
Sami had his radio off.
Sami should go in.
I swear on the name of Sami Bakir that this will never happen again.
Sami has been scribbling on the wall.
Let's go back now.
Sami went back to the garage.
Can you give me a ride tonight?
I'll clean up that myself.
Can you search for the fastest route?
"Can I go play with Sami?" "Off you go."
You're winding me up, aren't you?
You're having me on, aren't you?
It's supper time. See you.
You're having me on now.
Now you're having me on.
Sami has got a sore throat.
Have you decided what to do about your problem?
Sami's practice isn't going so well.
I love my sister, but I do like winding her up a bit.
Is your throat sore again?
You're not mad at me?
Stop trying to get away and come to help us.
Sami doesn't seem to be around anywhere.
We're sleeping over at the Bakirs' tomorrow.
I don't know where else to look.
If you get scared, you can always turn this light on.
Something smells pretty stinky here.
I think I know where that stench is coming from.
I don't remember much about that woman.
We're in luck today.
Wake up. You can't sleep here.
I think that Sami has got time to spend in jail.
Would you do me a favor and take this cup of coffee to Sami?
Would you like to come inside for some tea and cookies?
I look forward to seeing your cow at the fair.
I'll help you clean it up.
Put it in here instead.
What do you do with this garbage?
Everything could be turned into something useful.
I was just heading off to the fair.
The tire was rolling down the hill.
Your tires are filthy.
There is no sense in just sitting around, doing nothing, is there?
I think we can take care of that.
Am I walking too fast?
We can be a band.
You can play so many more notes on this instrument.
We're a band.
She fried the fish in this pan.
I couldn't say it's the best, but it's less bad.
Although my earphones were pulled out, I still took no notice.
Through the 3D printer, he was able to reconstruct faces and life.
Trust, but verify.
My torch has stopped working.
Take the torch. We'll need it.
Take the torch. We'll definitely need it.
Take the torchthat we'll definitely need.
The elation at having successfully escaped was short-lived: Tom awoke in the beam of a policeman's torch.
Tom hasn't done very much.
Tom hasn't done everything we've asked him to do.
There are still some things that Tom needs to do.
Tom hasn't yet done everything he was supposed to do.
Tom told me that he still had a lot to do.
Has Tom done everything you've asked him to do?
My flashlight has stopped working.
Take the flashlight. We'll need it.
Take the flashlight. We'll definitely need it.
Do you have your own apartment?
Tom skips classes too often.
Bring a flashlight with you. You'll need one.
That's not your cup.
That's my sister's camera.
We can't allow ourselves to be fooled.
