We can't let ourselves be fooled.
We can't allow ourselves to be deceived.
We can't let ourselves to be deceived.
Tom doesn't think Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom and I made ourselves as comfortable as possible.
Tom and I made ourselves as comfortable as we could.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I really would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I only just found out ourselves that Mary and John weren't planning to come.
Tom didn't have to stay home to help us. Mary and I could've done it by ourselves.
You didn't need to stay home to help us. Tom and I could've done it by ourselves.
You didn't know that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I could've saved ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves.
You didn't know Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wished that Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom and I only just found out ourselves that Mary wasn't planning to come.
Tom and I could save ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves.
You didn't know Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know that Mary and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom and I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might not be permitted to do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know that Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Should I tell Tom that Mary and I don't want to do that by ourselves?
I think this is the first time Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think I should tell Tom that Mary and I won't do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know Mary and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I probably won't be able to solve that problem by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Does Tom still think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Tom thought that Mary and I went into the woods to kill ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might be permitted to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I'd be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
Tom said he wished that Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered why Mary and I didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
I think that was the first time Tom and I did that by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me that we should try to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy doing that by ourselves.
Should Tom and I tell Mary that we won't do that by ourselves?
I didn't know Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me that we should try to do it by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom and I can work out our problems by ourselves.
I think you ought to let Tom and me go to Boston by ourselves.
I think Tom and I might have accidentally poisoned ourselves.
Does Tom think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
We should be ashamed of ourselves for treating Tom that way.
Tom and I don't think we'll be able to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've solved that problem by ourselves.
Does Tom really think Mary and I can take care of ourselves?
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy camping by ourselves.
Tom and I told our new classmates a little about ourselves.
I think you should let Tom and me go to Boston by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could take care of ourselves if we tried.
Tom thought Mary and I might need to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might have to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wished that Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom and I've been told not to try doing that by ourselves.
Does Tom really think Mary and I can do that by ourselves?
I think Tom and I should be able to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could do that by ourselves if we tried.
Tom told Mary and me that we should do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I'd be doing that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom and I'll probably be able to do that by ourselves.
Tell Tom that Mary and I have to do that by ourselves.
I think you should let Tom and me do that by ourselves.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves if we try.
Does Tom know Mary and I can't take care of ourselves?
Would it be OK if Tom and I stayed here by ourselves?
Tom and I'd like to spend some time by ourselves.
Tom and I stayed by at home by ourselves last Monday.
Maybe Tom and I should quit before we hurt ourselves.
I think Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I suppose Tom and I could try to find Mary ourselves.
Do you think Tom ad I'd be able do that by ourselves?
I think Tom and I will be able do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've gotten home by ourselves.
I believe that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Weren't Tom and I supposed to do that by ourselves?
We should stop doing this before we hurt ourselves.
Tom suggested that Mary and I do that by ourselves.
I'm convinced Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom knows Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom and I couldn't stop ourselves from doing that.
I think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
Do you think Tom and I could do that by ourselves?
Tom and I shouldn't have gone there by ourselves.
Tom and I should've taken care of that ourselves.
Tom and I might not want to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I know that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom asked if Mary and I were enjoying ourselves.
Tom and I'd never done that by ourselves before.
Tom and I don't do that by ourselves very often.
I think Tom and I'll be doing that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I might've poisoned ourselves.
Tom and I helped ourselves to something to eat.
Tom and I aren't going to do that by ourselves.
Tom wanted Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I think we can take care of ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at a Mary's party.
I think Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
Tom wants Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I have the right to defend ourselves.
Tom and I have no one but ourselves to blame.
I think Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me to go home by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I'd like a little time to ourselves.
Tom and I won't be able to defend ourselves.
Tom and I did that by ourselves last Monday.
Tom and I amused ourselves by playing games.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
We must not allow ourselves to be deceived.
Tom told Mary and me to handle it ourselves.
Tom and I prepared ourselves for the crash.
Tom and I have to look after ourselves now.
I think Tom and I should do that ourselves.
I think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
Tom and I've never done that by ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
Tom and I can move the piano by ourselves.
We must not allow ourselves to be fooled.
Tom and I'll take care of that ourselves.
Tom and I'll have to find Mary ourselves.
Tom and I wanted to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I should've gone there ourselves.
Tom and I should do everything ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the party.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the beach.
We need to prepare ourselves for battle.
Tom and I've been pretty busy ourselves.
Tom and I were told to behave ourselves.
Tom and I should've done that ourselves.
Tom and I are pretty proud of ourselves.
We tried to make ourselves comfortable.
Tom asked if we'd done that by ourselves.
Tom and I'll have to do that ourselves.
Tom and I just couldn't help ourselves.
Tom and I had a few problems ourselves.
Tom and I decorated the room ourselves.
Tom and I consider ourselves fortunate.
Let's just keep this between ourselves.
Tom and I've got to protect ourselves.
Tom and I'll deal with that ourselves.
Tom and I seldom do that by ourselves.
Tom and I painted our house ourselves.
Tom and I must take care of ourselves.
Tom and I have the place to ourselves.
Tom and I didn't do that by ourselves.
I hope Tom and I don't hurt ourselves.
We're preparing ourselves for battle.
We must prepare ourselves for battle.
Tom and I won't do that by ourselves.
Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
Tom and I cleaned up after ourselves.
Tom and I can't do that by ourselves.
How will Tom and I protect ourselves?
We need to clean up after ourselves.
Tom and I'll take care of ourselves.
Tom and I will do that by ourselves.
Tom and I tried to defend ourselves.
Tom and I need to protect ourselves.
Tom and I are pretty busy ourselves.
Tom and I should do that ourselves.
Tom and I really enjoyed ourselves.
Tom and I consider ourselves lucky.
Tom and I can't do that ourselves.
Tom and I must do that ourselves.
Tom and I made ourselves at home.
Tom and I found ourselves seats.
Tom and I can support ourselves.
May Tom and I do that ourselves?
Tom and I made these ourselves.
We need to take care of ourselves.
Tom and I did that ourselves.
We need to defend ourselves.
We consider ourselves lucky.
Tom and I injured ourselves.
Tom and I behaved ourselves.
Tom and I let ourselves in.
Tom and I blame ourselves.
That's a pagoda.
That's a hotel.
That's a boat.
That bicycle isn't Tom's.
That applies to Tom, too.
Why do you eat that crap?
Stop eating that crap.
They will eat your bananas.
They'll eat your bananas.
I could really go for a cigarette.
Tom has eaten most of his pizza.
I don't have any feelings for Tom at all.
Have you ever felt that you don't know what to do?
More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of.
Child is father of the man.
Who will you be coming with?
I won't be leaving until tomorrow.
I'm at my parents' house.
I'm at my parents' place.
You need a hobby.
How can I call a taxi?
A blockchain is a growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography.
Satoshi Nakamoto invented bitcoin and the blockchain.
Tom wants to create his own cryptocurrency.
CubeSats are tiny satellites that are deployed from the International Space Station.
Scientists discovered a mosquito perfectly preserved in amber, and which also contained the blood of many different species of dinosaurs.
Hackers stole $millions in Bitcoin.
The Pirin national park in Bulgaria, is home to many large mammals such as brown bears and wolves.
The tail of a dinosaur has been found trapped in amber.
Tom closed the door behind them.
I closed the door behind us.
Tom closed the door behind us.
Learning a new language is also learning a new culture.
Tom is a brilliant coder.
Is Bitcoin a bubble?
Tom is preparing for his next competition.
Tom listened to the sounds of the sea.
Tom opened the window and listened to the sounds of the sea.
Mary wrapped her arms around Tom's neck.
Cetaceans are thought to use Earth's magnetic field to navigate.
Mass strandings occur around the world and can affect anywhere from three to several hundred animals during any given event.
In strandings involving multiple deaths, autopsies reveal that the vast majority of the deceased animals were healthy before they beached.
“Whales and dolphins have always been mythical emblems for us,” said Desray Reeb, a marine biologist at BOEM’s headquarters in Sterling, Virginia. “They’re intelligent, social and mystical, and present an intriguing challenge for us to understand because they’re so like us, and yet so different.”
Just as weather varies on Earth, occasionally bringing thunderstorms and gusty winds, the ever-changing Sun sometimes hurls massive clouds of solar material and magnetic fields into space, called coronal mass ejections, or CMEs.
CMEs can spark powerful geomagnetic storms if they slam into Earth’s magnetic field.
If solar storms and strandings were indeed connected, the scientists thought they might detect patterns in Earth’s geomagnetic activity in the time surrounding a stranding event.
If we can determine what conditions promote strandings and develop an alert system that recognizes when those factors are coming together, then stranding networks in different areas can prepare for the event and get rescue efforts on the ground sooner.
Headquartered in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts, IFAW operates in countries, rescuing animals and promoting conservation to secure a safe habitat for wildlife.
That man died a few hours ago.
Interplanetary space is hardly tranquil. High-energy charged particles from the Sun, as well as from beyond our solar system, constantly whizz by.
MMS, launched in 2015, uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three-dimensional look at the magnetic environment around Earth.
Bitcoin mining uses more electricity in a year than the whole of Ireland.
By combining observations from MMS with new 3-D computer simulations, scientists have been able to investigate the small-scale physics of what’s happening at our magnetosphere’s borders for the first time.
Inside the magnetosphere, the density of the space plasma — charged particles, like electrons and ions — is much lower than the plasma outside, where the solar wind prevails. The boundary, called the magnetopause, becomes unstable when the two different density regions move at different rates. Giant swirls, called Kelvin Helmholtz waves, form along the edge like crashing ocean waves.
Don't be shy, Tom.
She coughed.
You coughed.
Send me a postcard!
My father's saying nothing.
The students I teach are good.
Every word is a prejudice.
I like your suggestion.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered.
I will devour you, little boy.
Envy and jealousy are the private parts of the human soul.
The Galileo and Voyager missions provided evidence that Europa has a liquid water ocean under an icy crust.
We thought Enceladus was just boring and cold until the Cassini mission discovered a liquid water subsurface ocean.
For any star, it's possible to calculate the range of distances where orbiting planets could have liquid water on the surface. This is called the star's habitable zone.
Astronomers have already located some habitable-zone planets.
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous.
The oxygen in Earth's atmosphere comes from living things, but oxygen can also be produced by inorganic chemical reactions.
If you walked into a college dorm room and found three students and a pizza, you could conclude that the pizza had recently arrived, because college students quickly consume pizza.
Every scientist involved in the search for life is convinced it's out there. Their opinions differ on when we'll find it.
How soon we find a living exoplanet really depends on whether there's one relatively nearby, with the right orbit and size, and with biosignatures that we are able to recognize, Hu said. In other words, "There's always a factor of luck."
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous, but for planets ranging from Earth-sized to about twice that radius, astronomers can't tell a large rocky planet from a small gaseous planet.
Hu pioneered a method to detect surface minerals on bare-rock exoplanets and defined the atmospheric chemical signature of volcanic activity, which wouldn't occur on a gas planet.
Scientists have long known that solar-energized particles trapped around the planet are sometimes scattered into Earth’s upper atmosphere where they can contribute to beautiful auroral displays.
Far from being an empty void, the space around Earth is a jungle of invisible fields and tiny particles. It’s draped with twisted magnetic field lines and swooping electrons and ions.
Earth’s magnetic environment traps electrons and ions in concentric belts encircling the planet. These belts, called the Van Allen Radiation Belts, keep most of the high-energy particles at bay.
The Democratic Republic of Congo is the largest country in the Congo Basin and home to a massive and largely inaccessible rainforest that is Earth’s second largest reservoir of carbon in vegetation, second only to the Amazon Basin rainforest.
Who does not have two-thirds of his day for himself, is a slave.
Time is the number one killer.
Just act naturally.
Magnetospheres — the magnetic fields around most planets — exist throughout our solar system. They deflect high-energy, charged particles called cosmic rays that are spewed out by the Sun or come from interstellar space.
Venus and Mars do not have magnetospheres at all.
Earth’s magnetosphere is created by the constantly moving molten metal inside Earth.
Mercury, with a substantial iron-rich core, has a magnetic field that is only about percent as strong as Earth’s.
After the Sun, Jupiter has by far the strongest and biggest magnetic field in our solar system — it stretches about million miles from east to west, almost times the width of the Sun.
Jupiter does not have a molten metal core; instead, its magnetic field is created by a core of compressed liquid metallic hydrogen.
One of Jupiter’s moons, Io, has powerful volcanic activity that spews particles into Jupiter’s magnetosphere. These particles create intense radiation belts and auroras around Jupiter.
Ganymede, Jupiter’s largest moon, also has its own magnetic field and magnetosphere—making it the only moon with one.
I'd never thought of it that way before.
Uranus’ magnetic field and rotation axis are out of alignment by degrees, unlike Earth’s, whose magnetic field and rotation axis are nearly aligned.
Measurements from satellites in showed that the hole in Earth’s ozone layer that forms over Antarctica each September was the smallest observed since 1988.
First detected in 1985, the Antarctic ozone hole forms during the Southern Hemisphere’s late winter as the returning sun’s rays catalyze reactions involving man-made, chemically active forms of chlorine and bromine. These reactions destroy ozone molecules.
Thirty years ago, the international community signed the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and began regulating ozone-depleting compounds.
The ozone hole over Antarctica is expected to gradually become less severe as chlorofluorocarbons—chlorine-containing synthetic compounds once frequently used as refrigerants – continue to decline. Scientists expect the Antarctic ozone hole to recover back to levels around 2070.
Ozone is a molecule comprised of three oxygen atoms that occurs naturally in small amounts.
Man is a rope, knotted between animal and superman – a rope over an abyss.
In the stratosphere, roughly to miles above Earth’s surface, the ozone layer acts like sunscreen, shielding the planet from potentially harmful ultraviolet radiation that can cause skin cancer and cataracts, suppress immune systems and also damage plants.
Closer to the ground, ozone can also be created by photochemical reactions between the sun and pollution from vehicle emissions and other sources, forming harmful smog.
The current ozone hole area is still large compared to the 1980s, when the depletion of the ozone layer above Antarctica was first detected. This is because levels of ozone-depleting substances like chlorine and bromine remain high enough to produce significant ozone loss.
Ozone pollution near Earth's surface is one of the main ingredients of summertime smog.
Unlike its presence at high altitude where ozone acts as Earth's sunscreen from harmful ultraviolet radiation, at low altitudes, ozone is a health hazard contributing to respiratory problems like asthma and bronchitis.
Tom is a deep thinker.
Mary is a deep thinker.
To dream is to lose interest.
To foresee is to project in the future what one has perceived in the past.
Ancient people worshipped many gods and goddesses.
Ancient people worshiped many gods and goddesses.
Friendship is a love that never dies.
I never thought that something like this could happen.
I wore the scarf that you made for me.
This is a very exciting opportunity.
Tom is a bit scatterbrained.
Mary is a bit scatterbrained.
Korolyov was responsible for the Sputnik program, which in launched the first artificial satellite into orbit.
Jupiter has at least moons.
He loves football.
And this is Tom.
How about some eggs and bacon?
"You drive me crazy, baby." "I know."
Sami is a race car driver.
Every Halloween, the Bakirs have a family get-together in Sami's house.
Sami divorced his wife so that he could be with Layla.
Sami called Layla one week later on a quiet afternoon.
Sami changed the beneficiary of his life insurance to Layla.
Sami confronted Layla about her lover.
Sami took drastic steps to establish his airtight alibi.
What does the barometer say?
We're playing soccer.
Tomorrow will be perfect for kite flying.
The needle of the barometer fell low.
We take several readings of the barometer per day.
If I have six apples and give one away, how many apples do I have left?
"You look like a huge gorilla in this big black coat." "Very funny, Sami."
Sami burped and everyone laughed.
I'm sorry for getting so mad.
Who left this stupid bottle lying around?
A new woman walked into Sami's life.
"What's your name?" "I thought you would never ask."
All of my friends like football.
Sami was trying to lure Layla back into his life.
A voice of one that cries in the desert: Prepare a way for the Lord, make his paths straight.
My cell is ringing.
Tom wore a reindeer hat at the Christmas party.
Tom wore a party hat.
Party hats are often worn at birthday parties.
The men wore tuxedos and the women wore evening gowns.
I'm trying to find that black skirt I wore last week.
And why are you telling me that?
Mary wore a beautiful evening gown to the party.
Tom rolled onto his side.
You can't come to the party dressed like that!
"You can't come to the party dressed like that!" "Why not?"
What about that red dress?
Mary tried to pretend like she was having a great time.
Tom tried to pretend he was having a great time.
Oh no, I spilled salad dressing on my dress!
Mary wore a black cocktail dress.
Mary wore a strapless dress to the party.
Tom wore a silly hat to the party.
The Kadazan language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
The Iban language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
The Dusun language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
He is big and fat and always busy.
Tom wasn't exactly forthcoming with an answer.
This is pure poetry.
It's not the correct word.
They are sorry. They want to make it up to you.
Not a word.
It's easy to develop bad training habits.
Looks like it’s your lucky day.
It looks like it’s your lucky day.
He had his hands all over her.
Tom's last girlfriend was German.
Tom's last girlfriend was from Boston.
He was drunk the last time I saw him.
The leaves have fallen.
The last of the leaves have fallen.
What does your wife do?
What does your husband do?
Tom's last girlfriend was Japanese.
Tom climbed into a taxi.
Disaster puts one in touch with oneself: suffering fuels creativity.
Sports are fun.
Tom's skin is dry.
It's not boring. It's cool.
Reading is not boring. It's cool.
Science is not boring. It's cool.
Astronomy is not boring. It's cool.
Fireworks are cool.
Time is an invention, or it is nothing at all.
Tom's last girlfriend was Russian.
Your mom and dad don't know?
Your parents don't know?
They don't need to know.
What do you consider your most impressive achievement?
I have band practice after school.
Tom lives in his van.
Tom did a handstand on the edge of the cliff.
They hadn't eaten since morning.
Tom packed up his possessions.
My parents can't wait to meet you.
I told him she was my girlfriend.
I told her he was my boyfriend.
Every truth is a road drawn through reality.
I already told your parents.
I'm trying to understand how all the pieces fit together.
Tom and Mary hiked up the mountain.
Tom looked intensely into her eyes.
That was extremely painful.
Tom's parents were very understanding.
That was kind of you.
Tom is his family's main breadwinner.
Sex appeal is the keystone of our civilization.
I am not authorized to answer that question.
That was very kind of you.
Won't anyone tell me what's going on around here?
Watch out for landmines.
There are still thousands of tons of unexploded ordnance in Germany.
Tom is a bomb disposal expert.
That was just the way Sami lived his life.
They're definitely up to something.
Tom partied really hard.
Tom is a thrill-seeker.
Tom ran through the airport.
Sambo is a Russian martial art.
Sambo is a Russian martial art created by the Soviet Red Army.
Fireworks are legal.
Tom couldn't afford to hire professional actors.
Tom's desk was perfectly clean.
Tom's desk is perfectly clean.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy a house.
She doesn't like football.
Tom punched a hole in the wall.
She is no longer my girlfriend.
It's mine now.
I play basketball.
I play netball.
Brain exercises are important, especially for small children.
Tom's inappropriate behavior had been widely reported by the press.
You are so fast, like the fire brigade.
Are you already awake?
When he got off the bus, he said goodbye to me.
After his speech a standing ovation ensued.
How much does the membership cost?
I do like a challenge.
It's a routine procedure.
The starling has been chosen as Bird of the Year 2018.
I parked my car near the main entrance.
He is a Dutchman.
She is a Dutchwoman.
Where can I find a pair of jackboots?
This divan is made of velvet.
This couch is made of velvet.
He is responsible for that car accident.
She has pear-shaped breasts.
He is invisible to the naked eye.
She is invisible to the naked eye.
Just give me two minutes.
Translating and interpreting the various languages requires money, time, and energy.
An overtaking ban for lorries is in force on many motorways.
On your marks.
Sorry, Sami, nature calls.
Take a picture of me.
Take another picture of me.
Take another picture.
That was the last picture Sami took.
Show me the pictures.
I found it. Finders keepers.
Sami used up all the film.
Sami got the film developed.
Sami bought a new roll of film.
If you found it, it is yours. Finders keepers.
Sami found a camera in the park.
Sami found a professional camera on the beach.
"That's you, isn't it?" "Not this time."
"You're a very good artist." "So is Sami."
Sami was a tough cookie.
Purple is my favorite color.
"Sami knows all the words." "He has to. He's an experienced comedian."
For a comedian, remembering the words is the easy part.
Who else wants to take a dump?
Let's go see what Sami is doing.
My cheeks are sore from smiling too much.
Everyone can join, including girls.
Sami is coming over to play with Layla.
I can do wheelies.
This is a chocolate coin.
I thought I would find happiness there.
I thought you would like it.
Sami's job was to protect lives.
This cop's job is to protect lives but today, he took lives.
We played football yesterday.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
I look, but I don't see.
The material is airproof.
The material is airtight.
Sami has been having an affair with Layla.
My pillow is waiting for me.
My brother's son is my nephew.
Introverts don't like being the center of attention.
She seemed happy to see me.
He seemed happy to see me.
Mary seemed happy to see me.
He was not very talkative.
Tom is not very talkative.
I feel like a total idiot.
In the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allocates portions of the electromagnetic spectrum used for communications to various users.
Software-defined radios like cognitive radio use artificial intelligence to employ underutilized portions of the electromagnetic spectrum without human intervention.
The annual Geminid meteor shower has arrived. It's a good time to bundle up, go outside and let the universe blow your mind!
With August's Perseids obscured by bright moonlight, the Geminids will be the best shower this year.
The Geminids are active every December, when Earth passes through a massive trail of dusty debris shed by a weird, rocky object named Phaethon.
The dust and grit burn up when they run into Earth's atmosphere in a flurry of "shooting stars."
"Phaethon's nature is debated," said Cooke. "It's either a near-Earth asteroid or an extinct comet, sometimes called a rock comet."
The Geminids can be seen with the naked eye under clear, dark skies over most of the world, though the best view is from the Northern Hemisphere.
Skywatching is easy. Just get away from bright lights and look up in any direction!
Give your eyes time to adjust to the dark.
Meteors appear all over the sky.
Autonomous machines will someday be deployed to the Moon, Mars or beyond to construct shelters for human habitation.
At around 2,kilometers in diameter, Hellas Planitia is the largest visible impact basin in the Solar System, and hosts the lowest elevations on Mars' surface as well as a variety of landscapes.
Just like on Earth, high-latitude regions on Mars are covered with frost in the winter. However, the winter frost on Mars is made of carbon dioxide ice (dry ice) instead of water ice.
The Dawn flight team is studying ways to maneuver Dawn into a new elliptical orbit, which may take the spacecraft to less than miles (kilometers) from the surface of Ceres at closest approach. Previously, Dawn's lowest altitude was miles (kilometers).
Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful explosions in the cosmos.
Dawn is the only mission ever to orbit two extraterrestrial targets.
Mars has an invisible magnetic “tail” that is twisted by interaction with the solar wind, according to new research using data from NASA’s MAVEN spacecraft.
NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution Mission (MAVEN) spacecraft is in orbit around Mars gathering data on how the Red Planet lost much of its atmosphere and water, transforming from a world that could have supported life billions of years ago into a cold and inhospitable place today.
We found that Mars’ magnetic tail, or magnetotail, is unique in the solar system. It’s not like the magnetotail found at Venus, a planet with no magnetic field of its own, nor is it like Earth’s, which is surrounded by its own internally generated magnetic field. Instead, it is a hybrid between the two.
Mars lost its global magnetic field billions of years ago and now just has remnant “fossil” magnetic fields embedded in certain regions of its surface.
Tom can break bricks with his hands.
This kung fu master can break bricks with his hands.
Mars has two small moons, Phobos and Deimos.
The solar wind is a stream of electrically conducting gas continuously blowing from the Sun’s surface into space at about one million miles (1.million kilometers) per hour.
Magnetic fields are invisible.
Tom beat me fair and square.
You beat me fair and square.
I don't really want to talk to you.
Let me help you. Your bags look very heavy.
Tom was running down the street drunk and naked.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and lowered the gun.
Tom should've let his children go camping with us.
Tom sat motionless on a chair in the center of the room.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out some change.
Tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to.
If you don't leave now, you'll be late.
When the whistle blows, that means everyone stops what they're doing and listens.
Go as fast as you can.
Sami stepped in a deep spot and fell into the water.
Let's go and play.
Sami broke his glasses and he can't see anything.
Anything they say to Tatoeba can have an impact.
Let us not think that climate change will not affect us.
Who is the founder of Google Translate?
It's on telly right now.
Kettle's on. What do you fancy?
I'm just popping out for some bread. Do you want anything?
Everything that is said at Tatoeba can have repercussion.
Someone took my glass when I wasn't looking.
Your flies are undone.
I'm just popping out to the shops.
The course lasts a fortnight.
The course lasts for two weeks.
You've barely moved all day.
Parenting is difficult and stressful.
Mary defied her father's wishes.
Tom is an attentive lover.
Does your partner empathize with you?
Tom is very concerned with his appearance.
Mary is very concerned with her appearance.
Tom is generous to everyone.
I know the statistics.
You can't disappear like that.
You can't just disappear like that.
Tom gets bored easily.
Mary gets bored easily.
Tom was a model inmate.
Tom is a model inmate.
The prison was overcrowded.
His body is very muscular.
Tom burned his tongue on the hot cheese.
I got Tom to swim.
We have got a lot of practising to do.
On your marks. Get set. Ready? Go!
Get behind me.
I'm done practising.
Call me dad.
I'm your dad.
Who needs a food processor like this?
Sami is making a fool of himself.
I do believe you're jealous.
"You're jealous." "Jealous? Of whom?"
Of whom is Layla jealous?
Sami has just ordered another round.
I've been thinking and I think that your decision is the best.
How far did you run?
Sami caught the frisbee.
Sami's dog caught the frisbee.
Sami can set broken bones.
Sami knows an old man who can set broken bones.
We haven't been alone in years.
Let's have a second honeymoon.
The camping trip is off.
"We're stuck." "What do you mean "we"?"
I want you to scan this book.
We've got a lot more packing to do before leaving.
Sami and Layla wanted to go away on a second honeymoon.
If I was married to her mother, I'd go to a psychiatric hospital.
Unroll the tent right here.
There is a monster out there.
The monster chased me.
There is no monster in your room.
It's just a baby crocodile.
I'll go in that direction.
Sami can make up his own bed.
Sami has seen every medical show on TV.
Who can tell me what a tragicomedy is?
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.
Sami was the only one who could fit into the costume.
Sami is ready to leave for the airport.
Look after the cattle.
Sami brought love and laughter everywhere.
Layla doesn't shave her legs.
Sami never shaves.
"Idiot!" "Idiot? I can imagine where you picked that up."
Sami is paying his debts.
Is dinner ready, Mom?
"Is that clever?" "Very."
Take off your coat, please.
Sami promoted Layla over Farid.
Sami said he promoted Layla over Farid by mistake.
It's too dark to see.
It was too dark to see.
It'll soon be too dark to see.
Tom lives in a caravan.
Tom lives in a camper.
Is it supposed to snow tonight?
Should it snow tonight?
Where were you when Tom was murdered?
I'm on no one's side.
Tom spent the night half-awake.
That explains a lot of things.
Well, that explains a lot of things.
I told him about my dreams.
Be careful not to burn the roof of your mouth.
Tom blew on the pizza to cool it down.
Tom burned the roof of his mouth biting into the slice of pizza.
Tom gave Mary a reassuring hug.
Tom ate two large slices of pizza.
In the morning, we found a stranded dolphin.
"O Tannenbaum" is a traditional German folk song.
"Silent Night" was declared an intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2011.
Do you want a glass of milk?
Advent calendars are special calendars that mark the progress of Advent.
Mary gave the children an Advent calendar to help them count the days until Christmas.
A chocolate is hidden behind each door of this Advent calendar.
Tom gave Mary a heart-shaped cookie.
Tom gave Mary a Lebkuchen.
They left without paying.
Tom sat next to her and began to rub her back.
He's not a loser. He's my friend.
Advertising again!
Tom wraps his gifts so artfully that one doesn't want to open them.
Tom wrapped Mary's Christmas gift in wrapping paper with a squirrel wearing a Santa hat on it. He knew that this would make Mary very happy.
Tom sings in a choir.
Mary sings in a choir.
Do you run this place by yourself?
"Okay, I'll tell you, but don't laugh." "I promise."
I've never seen the stars shine so brightly.
The passengers hurried onto the plane.
The plane's doors were already closed when Tom got to the gate.
I've been trying to reach you all day.
Where were you? I've been trying to reach you all day.
That's what I tried to tell him.
That's what I tried to tell her.
This will be my crowning achievement.
This will be the crowning achievement of my career.
Tom thought about what he'd do when he got out of prison.
Tom picked up the magazine.
Tom picked up a magazine.
Does your invitation still stand?
Come on, Tom, lighten up.
Tom decorated his house with Christmas lights.
Tom decorated his house with 100,computer-controlled lights.
Christmas trees used to be illuminated with candles.
Tom picked the magazine up.
There's nothing between Mary and me. She's just a friend.
There's nothing between Tom and me. He's just a friend.
Would you like a glass of milk?
I told Tom about my dreams.
I told Tom about my dream.
I told Tom about the nightmare I had last night.
Tom was eager to get started.
Mary was eager to get started.
They were eager to get started.
I would've told you, but Tom made me promise not to.
I kept trying to tell Tom that, but he wouldn't listen.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Australia.
I've worked here for three years.
I've tried calling Tom all day, but the line is busy.
Tom wraps his gifts so beautifully that no one wants to open them.
Tom and I'll do that by ourselves.
Do you think that Tom is still busy?
Do you think that Tom is still cold?
Do you think that Tom is still here?
Do you think that Tom is still home?
Do you think that Tom is still lost?
Tom says he seldom does that.
We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
I don't know what this tree is called, but there are a lot of them around here.
The truck Tom was driving slid on the icy road and crashed into a tree.
We cut down the largest tree we could find so we could make a canoe.
Tom has three bonsai trees that he got from his great-grandfather.
Tom took shelter under the tree, hoping he wouldn't get too wet.
The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.
The apples from the tree behind Tom's house are very delicious.
Tom tried to hide behind the tree, but I could still see him.
Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.
I planted various fruit trees on my property three years ago.
Tom and his friends chopped down every tree on his property.
Tom sat in the shade of a tree, watching his children play.
Tom climbed a nearby tree to see if he could see the ocean.
That man standing over there next to the maple tree is Tom.
Tom slept under the tree, using his knapsack for a pillow.
I think the coat underneath that tree over there is Tom's.
Hundreds of trees in this park blew over in the hurricane.
When Tom was a young boy, he used to love climbing trees.
Tom strung up a hammock between two trees and took a nap.
The tree in front of the library was struck by lightning.
Last week's storm damaged many trees in our neighborhood.
How many of the trees on your property are fruit trees?
A tree has fallen across Park Street, blocking traffic.
Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.
I think this is the tallest tree that I've ever seen.
Do you think you could climb to the top of this tree?
Why do you think Tom enjoys climbing trees so much?
I think this is the oldest oak tree on this island.
My father planted this tree on the day I was born.
We had to rescue a skier who crashed into a tree.
Tom and Mary carved their initials into the tree.
I think Tom was the one who cut down those trees.
Tom and his father built a tree house together.
A tree fell on my new car and I had to junk it.
Tom works on a 300-acre Christmas tree farm.
Tom was killed when a tree limb fell on him.
Tom died when his truck crashed into a tree.
We planted several trees in our front yard.
Tell Tom that I'll prune his trees for him.
When do you take down your Christmas tree?
Tom sat on the tree stump, reading a book.
Many of my neighbors have persimmon trees.
What'll it cost have this tree cut down?
My favorite tree is the weeping willow.
Do you know what kind of tree that is?
How old do you think those trees are?
Tell Tom that I'm pruning the trees.
Tell Tom that I'll prune the trees.
How many trees are in your orchard?
Tom died after his car hit a tree.
Tom squatted down under the tree.
Tom died when a tree fell on him.
I rested in the shade of a tree.
When did you plant these trees?
When were these trees planted?
This tree is older than I am.
A tree fell on Tom's house.
What's your favorite tree?
What kind of tree is this?
These trees are beautiful.
Who planted these trees?
That's a fir tree.
Where is the ice cream parlor?
I want to return to work.
We have a special offer for you.
Everything I talked about was true.
There was only one chair.
Read whatever you want.
It wasn't possible to go.
I have to get off at the next station.
Your brother is younger than me.
How many rooms does their apartment have?
We're going to live together.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's wick.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's nerves.
Do this exercise as revision.
You're a rum old bird!
You're a funny one!
Recently, there has been a strong sense of despair on Youtube.
Tom is skilled at using his time.
Find the remainder when 2²⁰¹³ is divided by 3.
Try to power cycle it?
He chopped the tree down.
He felled the tree.
He felled a tree.
He chopped down a tree.
The tree was felled.
I'm standing under a tree.
I'm standing under the tree.
Hey, you wanna get beat up?
Don't say stupid things!
What's the difference between a friend and a lover?
Tom marvelled at Mary's unique, language-transcending vocals.
You're well in there, Tom!
You are approaching, aren't you?
I should've never trusted Tom.
Merry Christmas, everybody!
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
Why do you like black coffee?
I am interested.
I like Norwegian!
Keep a sharp eye!
I'm drinking my coffee.
I was awakened by the smell of coffee.
Your genes determine whether you are a late riser or an early bird.
That joke cracks me up.
Indubitably.
Which detergent is best suited for this?
I was raped!
Do you work on Mondays?
It is easier than it seems.
She passed away.
She is handy.
He is handy.
A plane landed on the speedway.
Do chickens pee?
We tried to fool Tom, but he obviously knew something was up.
This is an outstanding performance.
I want to share a secret with you.
Dmitri Shostakovich was a Russian composer.
I know hardly anything about it.
The small flower is yellow.
Shostakovich regularly sent postcards to himself to test how well the postal service was working.
I'm talking to my child.
She's giving her mother a bouquet of flowers.
Would you like to go out for dinner with me?
Her condition is comparable to mine.
I'm old school.
Can't you get someone else to go.
How long will you be away, Tom?
She had about a hundred and fifty dollars in cash.
He was now twelve years old and ready to enter a junior high school.
Of course, Tom missed his father.
It is getting very late
Bring us two egg sandwiches, two cups of coffee and two pieces of apple pie, please.
I'll get your sandwiches now, folks. I'm sure they're ready.
Let's go to bed now. It's quite late and you are very tired after that long ride today.
Soon, you'll be going to high school.
You're getting to be a big boy now.
May I go to school tomorrow?
He locked the door behind him as his mother had told him to do.
He opened his eyes, looked about him and then jumped out of the bed.
His mother was already home from work and had supper prepared.
I told you to be quiet.
Does my father know about this?
If you know what is good for you, you will obey my commands.
Anytime you want anything, just let me know.
I'm getting off at the next stop, you know.
Sami refused to do that from the get-go.
Sami can't wait that long.
Sami and Layla are waiting for us.
Who else could it be?
Layla makes my lunch.
Sami ate at the school cafeteria today.
Make your lunch yourself. All the stuff is right there.
Sami is going to make dinner tonight.
Sami can't stay for dinner.
No meat was being served in the school cafeteria.
I'll leave it to Mr. Bakir to decide on a suitable punishment for this kind of irresponsibility.
Sami's cooking isn't that good.
Sami has an over-inflated ego.
Why don't you turn the computer off and go eat?
"Thank you." "Sure. You're welcome."
Layla is so jealous.
Layla has been seeing somebody else.
Sami is just using you.
Sami was just toying with my affections.
Sami took Layla out for a pizza.
Sami doesn't want to see Layla again.
Dinner is in the oven.
What's this hissing sound?
Sami projects an image of maturity and dignity.
What has Layla done to her hair?
Report to my office immediately.
I see you know who I am.
"I know you're the boss." "You'd better believe it."
"Maybe you're right." "Of course I am."
I may be small, but I'm quick.
This could affect Sami's whole life.
Layla rocked the baby in her arms and sang him a lullaby.
I can't take Layla to the dance.
Sami can't go to the dance.
Sami was returning to the garage after finishing work.
"I have a house with a pool." "Now you're making me curious."
Is this freak your friend?
Sami even went to an island.
It sounds really good.
I like stargazing.
Where can I find a translator?
Is there anything in that rumour?
Is there any truth to that rumour?
Never argue with a teacher before an exam.
Every Saturday we play football.
He advanced his pawn forward two spaces.
Why don't English speakers like to adopt English sentences?
His watch said seven o'clock.
He felt rather ashamed of himself.
There is no time to spare.
For a while, there was silence.
Is she working in a good place?
For a long moment, the two looked at each other.
There were tears in his eyes, and the expression on his face made it plain to the waiter that something was very wrong.
I don't believe I care for any breakfast.
I hope that you will like your new school. It's a wonderful place.
How can I get in touch with you, Dad, after you are gone?
I want you to write me frequently.
The boy thought he'd better say nothing more on the subject.
We'll get a cab now, and go to see your new home. I am very sure that you will like it.
I sing of arms and the man, made a fugitive by fate, who first came from the coasts of Troy, to Italy and the Lavinian shores.
This show is about monarchs, nobles, and peasants butchering each other for no real reason.
"Social justice warrior" (often shortened to SJW) is a pejorative term used on both the left and right to refer to left-wing individuals perceived as promoting or imposing their beliefs in an excessively aggressive manner.
Rather than focus on actual problems, they bicker among themselves, accusing each other of having beliefs that are insufficiently ideologically pure.
Ideological purity tests accomplish nothing.
Rather than attack racism, they attack each other for being insufficiently anti-racist.
I am in favor of political correctness, but sometimes it goes too far.
When does Tom usually eat?
Conservatives think I'm an SJW, and liberals think I'm a reactionary.
Show him who's boss.
Show her who's boss.
Show them who's boss.
Give me the ring.
Give me your ring.
Where is the ring?
How much did the ring cost?
The ring is mine.
It's my ring.
Is it true that even among the penguins of Antarctica there are emissaries from the Kremlin?
Never doubt!
The book is full of lies.
I did not know what to say and I said nothing.
Read more books.
Tom and I made plans to go to the party together.
Don't leave them alone together.
Tom was very protective of her.
Tom hosted the party at his house.
We all had dinner together.
Do you remember what happened at the Christmas party last year?
I saw a look pass between them.
Tom saw a look pass between them.
I think Tom is having an affair.
I think Mary is having an affair.
And what makes you such an expert?
I don't want you to end up like me.
I don't want you to end up like Tom.
I don't want you to end up like Mary.
I never said I was an expert.
Are you going to eat with us?
She's playing football.
She plays football.
Football's not a game of chess.
Mary played football yesterday.
I wouldn't want you even if you were the only woman on earth.
You behave yourself while I'm gone.
You should have listened to your mother.
Tom should have listened to his mother.
I want you to behave yourself while I'm gone.
His heart belongs to football.
The truth's on the football pitch.
She just wants to meet you.
He just wants to meet you.
She's only thinking about football today.
The kids are fighting.
I played football with my dad.
The kids are fighting again.
I don't want to live that way.
What is taking them so long?
What the hell is taking them so long?
Who is the world's best goalkeeper?
I don't have time now to think about football.
Tom has a strong grip.
He kissed the corner of her mouth.
The study was published in the journal Science.
The study was published in Nature.
Not only is the universe expanding, but its expansion is speeding up.
You don't have to make it difficult.
As barefoot beach walks can confirm, sand warms or cools quicker than rocks or pavement.
Phobos has an oblong shape with an average diameter of about miles (kilometers).
NASA’s Twins Study preliminary results have revealed that space travel causes an increase in methylation, the process of turning genes on and off.
Some of the most exciting things that we’ve seen from looking at gene expression in space is that we really see an explosion, like fireworks taking off, as soon as the human body gets into space.
With this study, we’ve seen thousands and thousands of genes change how they are turned on and turned off. This happens as soon as an astronaut gets into space, and some of the activity persists temporarily upon return to Earth.
The newly-discovered Kepler-90i – a sizzling hot, rocky planet that orbits its star once every 14.days – was found using machine learning.
First, the researchers trained the neural network to identify transiting exoplanets using a set of 15,previously-vetted signals from the Kepler exoplanet catalogue.
In the test set, the neural network correctly identified true planets and false positives percent of the time.
Then, with the neural network having "learned" to detect the pattern of a transiting exoplanet, the researchers directed their model to search for weaker signals in star systems that already had multiple known planets.
In 1962, Mariner completed the first successful close-up observations of another planet when it flew by Venus.
He's truly what you call a football genius.
He is truly what one calls a footballing genius.
On October 1967, Venera became the first spacecraft to measure the atmosphere of another planet.
Mariner made a number of important scientific discoveries not only about the planet but also about interplanetary space during its transit.
Mariner launched first on July 22, 1962, but its Atlas-Agena rocket veered off-course and was destroyed in the first few minutes of flight.
The fault was traced partly to a missing hyphen in communications software.
During its 110-day journey, Mariner sent back valuable information about its interplanetary environment including confirming the existence of the solar wind, a stream of charged particles emanating from the Sun.
The spacecraft encountered several hardware anomalies, many of which inexplicably fixed themselves.
By the time Mariner approached Venus, one of its solar arrays had failed and the vehicle came dangerously close to overheating, but it remained healthy enough to complete its scientific mission.
Unlike Earth, Mariner found that Venus has no appreciable magnetic field and therefore no protective trapped radiation belts, meaning the planet is constantly bombarded by cosmic rays.
There will be other missions to Venus, but there will never be another first mission to Venus.
We have much to discuss.
Tom dried his hands.
When I was young, I was a big football fan.
How far do you think Australia will go in the World Cup?
The Sierra Nevada range rose almost an inch during California's recent drought due to loss of water from within fractured rocks.
The mysterious bright spots on Ceres, which have captivated both the Dawn science team and the public, reveal evidence of Ceres’ past subsurface ocean, and indicate that, far from being a dead world, Ceres is surprisingly active.
Geological processes created these bright areas and may still be changing the face of Ceres today.
Since Dawn arrived in orbit at Ceres in March 2015, scientists have located more than bright areas on Ceres.
Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
Flamengo has the biggest fan base in Brazil.
My grandmother has grey hair.
He will work with us.
Did I say it right?
Why is the child alone? Where is his mother?
Why are you alone? Where is your mother?
Tom worked in the garden for a long time.
Why are you allowed to do that, but not me?
Children love magic tricks.
This seal can balance a ball on his nose.
This seal can balance a ball on its nose.
Origami, the Japanese tradition of paper-folding, has inspired a number of unique spacecraft designs.
Origami can seem deceptively simple, hiding complex math within its creases.
The Starshade is an immense, folding iris that has been proposed as a way to block light from distant stars. It would unfurl to a diameter of about feet (meters) in space, about the size of a standard baseball diamond.
Dampening the brightness of a star's light would extend the capability of a space telescope to detect orbiting exoplanets.
Manan Arya's PhD thesis looked at the use of origami in space superstructures.
Salazar has been making origami for years. As a kid, he was inspired by the children's book "Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes."
Salazar folds paper versions of endangered species and donates them to benefit wildlife conservancies.
Football is a team game.
NASA’s New Horizons mission revolutionized our knowledge of Pluto when it flew past that distant world in July 2015.
Tom's playing football tomorrow.
A spacecraft destined to explore a unique asteroid will also test new communication hardware that uses lasers instead of radio waves.
She's playing football tomorrow.
He just wants to get into your pants.
She just wants to get into your pants.
Tom can't keep it in his pants.
You'll have the report on your desk first thing in the morning.
Mary tried to pair them off at the Christmas party.
Close your eyes and try to remember.
The whole family gathered around the big Christmas tree.
I need you to tell me what happened last night.
I've made that dish a hundred times and no one's ever complained before.
In the Mediterranean forests, we have many kinds of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, and others.
He stopped talking when he saw her.
Tom stopped talking when he saw Mary enter the room.
They met at the Christmas party last year.
We met at the Christmas party last year.
That bird is probably a sparrow.
The seagull and pelican are seabirds.
I prefer football to baseball.
Mark is an ardent football fan.
Under the tree is a bench.
The children built themselves a tree house.
I noticed it precisely because I was looking in her direction.
The fact is that she didn't notice the difference.
I knew immediately what he meant.
I knew immediately what she meant.
Don't flirt with the customers.
What should I do if a customer tries to flirt with me?
Tom pocketed his change.
Mary wrote down the recipe.
Your blood pressure is a bit high.
What seems to be the trouble?
This story has a sad ending.
Are you having an affair with someone?
How bad is it, doctor?
Why are you texting all the time?
Who are you texting all the time like that?
Tom was hunched over his keyboard.
The waitress wiped a cloth across the table.
I'm not familiar with that term.
Tom is a potato farmer.
It wasn't really a date.
Nothing could make me happier.
Please accept this token of friendship.
Please accept this gift as a token of friendship.
Please accept it as a token of our friendship.
You know what Tom's answer is going to be.
The bouncer asked to see her I.D.
The bouncer asked to see Tom's I.D.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
We're in love and we're probably going to get married.
It was a terrible kiss.
The best way to become a good kisser is to practice frequently.
She was a little anxious.
Tom was a little anxious.
Mary was a little anxious.
Her golden hair fell across her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell over her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell upon her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell over her shoulders and cascaded down her back.
Tell him I have some questions for him.
Tell him I have some questions for her.
You can observe a lot just by looking.
Is that why you stopped?
I think you might be right.
"You're drunk." "No, I'm not."
What did you win?
Tom had a smug look on his face.
You're taking this way too seriously.
It's just a friendly competition.
The international team of researchers discovered several new species previously unknown to science.
Tom refused to press charges.
Mary declined to press charges.
And how do you plan on paying me?
I can't believe I'm crying.
Was it a good workout?
This exercise is good for the lower back.
He was eager to impress her.
She was eager to impress him.
Tom spends most of his time on the road.
There must be a logical explanation.
He kissed the top of her head.
He kissed her forehead.
The doorman refused to let them in.
The doorman refused to let them enter.
The bouncer allowed two people in.
Tom tried to sweet talk the bouncer into letting them into the club.
And so it begins.
Mary was wearing leggings.
The club was hot and stuffy.
Cork is the only tree that regenerates its bark.
Harvesting cork causes the tree no harm.
Her lips met his.
I've never heard my mother sing.
I've never been to Boston, and Tom hasn't either.
I've met Tom on several occasions.
I've lived in Boston before.
His face reddened with shame.
I'm making a last minute effort.
There is a computer on the table.
I come from a beautiful city: Chengdu.
I want to buy a pair of pants.
Please show your flight ticket and passport.
I'm going to the barber today.
I will not die.
I don't know that person.
This village isn't big, but it's quite lively.
My name is Anna.
I should've let Tom leave.
Tom said he's been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom didn't seem to be a nice guy.
I'm driving you home myself.
I have already called a taxi.
I thought I did the right thing.
I'm invited to the company picnic.
Sami has no future.
Sami got a big promotion.
Sami can say goodbye to his promotion.
Sami likes it here.
Sami will never leave.
How about some lunch?
Layla looks fantastic.
It stinks urine.
Sami is acting really weird.
Sami gave Layla some pie.
Sami wanted to give it a try.
Sami will try.
Sami is not moving.
Sami was jumping up and down.
Sami gave it a try.
Sami was just showing Layla how to use the trampoline.
Sami invited Farid and his wife over for dinner.
Can I have something to nibble on before dinner?
Sami is in his room doing his homework.
Please leave your message at the sound of the beep.
Sami was trying to call Layla.
The phone is working.
Sami and Layla have canceled dinner tonight.
See you tomorrow night.
Tom says that's his favourite shop.
We will eat what we catch.
They serve food there.
We're gonna go further up the lake.
We better get our raincoats.
Sami forgot to pack the raincoats.
Sami has a crazy sense of humor.
Everybody get out. Not you, Sami.
I call that stealing.
There's only one way to quit my gang.
Sami threatened to beat Layla up.
I have been watching your shows since I was a little kid.
I hate to spoil your fun, but do you know what time it is?
Tie his hands behind him.
You saved our lives. You're fantastic.
Sami is setting the table for dinner.
Maybe you should put that trophy in the living room.
Sami knew he would be discovered sooner or later.
Sami was watching that show this morning.
Sami sent Layla a postcard.
Sami lost his dignity and self-respect.
Who submitted Sami's name?
Only a complete imbecile would do that.
Sami is going to be on the TV show.
Sami needed braces for his teeth.
I'm not gonna take a no for an answer.
Mark is an avid football fan.
I love my town.
It's his stag night.
We were looking for a parking space for a very long time.
We spent ages looking for a place to park.
Sami is a plastic surgeon.
Sami placed signs everywhere.
Sami hired a hitman.
Sami surprised a peeping Tom in his garden.
Sami married a beautiful woman.
Sami lived in a beautiful neighborhood.
Sami ran back to the truck.
Sami didn't show up for work today.
Sami misses Layla a lot.
Sami was in the house and he never heard anything.
Sami firmly believes that Farid killed his wife.
Sami was found murdered.
Sami was shot and stabbed multiple times.
Sami's life since Layla's death has stopped.
Sami just wanted that to end.
Sami was lying on the ground.
Sami collapsed to the ground.
Mennad used a crudely fashioned silencer to shoot Baya.
Sami came to this house to kill Layla.
Sami knew how to do it.
Sami's father was murdered.
Sami didn't really have to work.
Sami left his job at six.
Sami tried to stay up until his mother came home.
Sami went to work that morning.
Sami got the call.
Sami's heart was pounding out of his chest.
Sami spent two years in jail.
Sami took matters into his own hands.
Sami thought maybe this had something to do with Layla's death.
Sami makes his own perfume.
Sami married his middle school sweetheart.
Sami left Layla for another woman.
Sami was conducting business as usual while his wife was missing.
Sami bothered Layla with many questions.
Sami smelt that Layla was burning something.
Sami was doing sit-ups on the floor.
Sami didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Sami provided police with a rock-solid alibi.
Sami removed a big chunk of carpet.
Sami ruined the carpet.
Sami had his house cleaned by professionals.
Sami arrived home.
Sami found more droplets of blood on the wall.
Sami never came home.
Sami began rubbing Layla's back.
Sami returned home without a car.
Sami didn't need to ask.
Sami was never charged.
Sami was cheating on his wife.
Sami dumped Layla's body.
Sami is completely convinced of Layla's innocence.
Sami has never broken the law.
Sami looked ill.
Sami burned his room to get rid of evidence.
Sami saw what happened.
Sami fell in love with Layla.
Sami started to meet beautiful single women who were in his age range.
Sami liked most of those girls.
Sami gave Layla thumbs up.
Sami left the room.
Sami began dating.
Sami didn't commit this crime.
Sami was robbed.
Sami was beaten.
Sami was shot.
Sami didn't save the message.
Sami never mentioned Layla's call to police.
Sami knocked Layla unconscious.
Sami was sleeping just a dozen feet away.
Sami heard somebody crying for help.
Sami was listening to phone messages.
Sami took the stand.
Sami left an hour after the party ended.
Sami's death has split his family.
Sami never made it home that night.
Sami was sleeping in a hole that he dug in the sand.
Sami believed Layla absolutely.
Sami never told his story to the jury.
Sami said Layla was an innocent woman.
Sami was enjoying dating Layla.
Sami was preparing for Layla's funeral.
Sami may want more than casual dating.
Sami has never stopped praying for Layla.
Sami wrote his name on the wall.
Sami threw the key into the river.
Sami doesn't know a lot about Layla.
Sami was acquitted of murdering his wife.
Sami was astonished at the verdict.
Sami apologized to Layla's family.
Sami committed a crime.
Sami started naming names.
Sami felt like someone was watching him.
Sami followed Layla to the gym.
Sami was hiding in Layla's backyard.
Sami held a grudge against Layla.
Sami burned the desk piece by piece.
Sami received a letter from a mysterious woman named Layla.
Sami used to date Layla.
Sami started to alter things in his new apartment.
Sami secretly recorded Layla.
The treatment just made my husband's condition worse.
Sami needed to talk to Layla about that.
Sami really loved Layla.
Sami remembers that clearly.
Sami became a high-profile defense attorney.
Sami went to the authorities to make a confession.
Sami continually raped and abused his daughter.
Sami kept that secret for years.
Sami got the courage to expose the conspiracy.
Sami was terrified to return to that house.
Sami encouraged Layla to do that.
Sami accompanied his wife when she went to make a confession at the police department.
Sami grew maniacally controlling.
Sami beat Layla bloody.
Sami punched Layla in the head.
Sami said he had never been molested by his father.
Sami abused his children.
Sami was paralyzed by fear.
Sami started punching and kicking Layla in the stomach.
Sami denied ever beating Layla.
Sami only hit Layla once.
Sami was trying to kill Layla.
Sami was Layla's dance partner.
Sami dropped the hammer on Layla.
Sami was accused of child abuse.
Sami seemed like a likely suspect.
Sami begged Layla to forgive him.
Sami was too frightened to tell that to his father.
Sami was stunned.
Sami started discussing that with Layla.
Sami said that concerned him.
Sami should stay with Layla.
Sami called Layla names.
Sami offered to tell police everything that he knew.
Sami started acting strangely.
Sami spoke exclusively to Al-Jazeera.
Sami was trying to tarnish Layla's reputation.
Sami told that even from jail he would send somebody to kill her.
Sami was sitting in this chair.
Sami bought a subscription to a porn magazine and sent it to Layla's office to embarass her.
Sami wants to humiliate Layla.
Sami drove the stretch of highway to Cairo.
Sami smiled at Layla.
Sami dragged Layla by her hair.
Sami was glaring.
Sami is scared to death.
Sami shugged his shoulders.
Sami was stalking his prey.
Sami pushed through the window and fired.
Sami was lying on the floor, not moving and not breathing.
Sami never laid a hand on Layla.
Sami has agreed to testify.
Sami attempted suicide.
Sami slit his wrists.
Sami paid Farid for the hit.
Sami opened this drawer and there was a gun in it.
Sami was posting on Facebook all the time.
Sami was feigning memory loss.
Sami wasn't trying to evade any responsibility.
Sami was blocked from my Facebook page.
Sami was indicted for first degree murder.
Sami found himself face trial for murdering his wife.
Sami is not here to defend his father.
Sami's fridge wasn't working properly.
Sami paid Farid to kill Layla.
Sami kissed Layla goodnight.
Sami ran outside.
Sami was standing over his wife's body.
Sami's lifeless body was floating in the swimming pool.
Sami was dressed in his pajamas.
Sami doesn't remember attacking Layla.
Sami's confession was expected to put Layla away.
Sami suddenly changed his story.
Sami was also watching.
Sami was sleep-walking.
Sami won an acquittal.
Sami was embarassed and ashamed.
Sami didn't expect to lose this game.
Sami confronted his father.
Sami won't answer that.
Sami was facing capital murder charges.
Sami described everything he saw.
Sami's second trial began.
Sami treated his daughters to a fancy steak dinner.
Sami bragged about buying a new SUV.
Sami was convicted on two counts of capital murder.
Sami has been waiting for that moment for over six years.
Sami remained convinced his father was innoncent.
Sami stuck by story he told police the night he was arrested.
Sami has accepted that.
Sami taught a Bible study class.
Sami was a little concerned.
Sami reacted violently.
He raised his hat as a token of respect.
I was named in honor of my great-grandfather.
The valley known as Sleepy Hollow hides from the world in the high hills of New York state.
Near Sleepy Hollow is a village called Tarry Town.
The village had a small school.
She was the only daughter of a rich Dutch farmer.
He dressed in his best clothes.
Tobacco is the leading cause of lung disease.
The World Health Organization estimates that almost five-million people a year die from the effects of smoking.
Nicotine is a poison.
It is not easy to stop smoking permanently.
The American Cancer Society says the sooner smokers stop smoking, the more they can reduce their chances of cancer and other diseases.
Do not lose hope.
I've known Tom ever since he was a child.
I've known Tom since I was little.
I've just come back from Boston.
I've decided to continue doing that.
I've come here to study French.
I've bought a cup of coffee.
I've been waiting here for Tom since this morning.
I've been waiting for you for three hours.
I've been waiting for Tom for an hour.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I've been in Boston before.
I've been going out with Mary for months.
Frédéric Chopin wrote his first composition at age seven.
Try to behave a little when I'm not there.
I'm not a big beer drinker.
You can expect that.
I've only had two beers, I really need a third one!
The ecosystem consists primarily of low trees and bushes that are built to resist harsh climate conditions.
I still don't know what I want to study after my A-levels.
I don't drink beer very often.
I sincerely hope that never happens to me.
I sincerely hope that never happens to you.
I sincerely hope that never happens to him.
I sincerely hope that never happens to her.
What's this movie about?
The movie was interrupted by a station break.
Sami loves that serial.
This food is loaded with preservatives.
Sami signed a contract of his own free will.
You can call me Sami.
Set the table for lunch.
Sami took a bubble bath.
Sami helped police crack the crime.
Sami launched his own investigation.
Sami was supposed to be here.
Sami is eating a lot.
Layla can't go with Sami to the dance.
Layla can't go with you to the dance.
Layla is ready for the dance.
What does it mean in plain English?
Sami met Layla at the dance.
Sami has got a raise today.
Sami came riding across campus on a poney.
Sami popped in to see how Layla was doing.
Tell me how it tastes.
Champagne is an alcoholic beverage.
Sami's wife left him because he drinks a lot.
You should see your eyes.
I've been friends with Tom since we were children.
Layla is a cocktail waitress.
My head is spinning around.
I think you're hallucinating.
I think I'm imagining things.
My hearing is going.
I've been given permission to do that.
This wonderful man saved my life.
I can't tell you how glad I am that it all turned out this way.
This nightmare is over.
You promised me a movie.
Sami blackmailed Layla.
Could you speed it up, please?
Sami just waxed the floor.
And how do you plan to amass this fortune?
We have come to invite you to dinner.
"We really appreciate you for helping us." "Of course you do."
I've been to Australia once.
I've been in Boston for less than a month.
Sami shoud regain his memory soon.
Sami got his memory back.
Don't underestimate Tom's determination.
Don't trust Tom, no matter what he says.
Don't trust Tom no matter what he says.
Don't talk to Tom about it.
Don't phone me when I'm at the office.
Sit down. Breakfast is ready.
Sit down and eat breakfast.
Go over there and eat your lunch.
I've bought you lunch today.
Another boy invited Layla to the dance.
Would you go to the school dance with me next week?
Don't pay any attention to what Tom says.
Don't meddle in Tom's affairs.
Don't lose your temper no matter what Tom says.
Can you hear us OK?
Don't give Tom more money than is necessary.
Sami is on his way over.
I saw you've posted a "for sale" sign.
Don't disturb Tom while he's sleeping.
You shouldn't laugh at Tom's mistakes.
If Sami dares moving in, I'm moving out.
You should thank Tom.
Is Vera celebrating Easter?
Tom came by city bus.
I'm starting this evening.
Are you singing today?
You should watch that movie if you get the opportunity.
What wonderful flowers!
The day was wonderful.
There is much evil in the world.
Action is needed!
You should come back home before it gets dark.
You should buy Tom some new toys.
You should apologize to Tom for coming late.
Say something in Arabic.
Welcome to our guest from Egypt, Sami Bakir.
You should pay more attention to what Tom says.
We won a victory for Palestine here tonight.
Do you approve of what Tom is doing?
Did Tom sleep well?
What prevented you from coming here yesterday?
What number bus do I take to get to Park Street?
The soldiers cheered as the train crossed the border into the state of Wisconsin.
One of the men had a large red scar across his forehead.
The three soldiers spread their blankets on the train seats and tried to sleep.
It was a cold evening even though it was summertime.
The station was empty because it was Sunday.
We were just getting ready to have dinner.
They all ate until they could eat no more.
It was in all the papers.
You're here already?
It is a dead language.
Please quickly take a bath!
Do you know what Pocket Monsters means in English?
This plane landed safely.
Don't talk with that smiling face.
When did you start using that cellphone?
My Arabic is far from perfect.
Sami is the best Arabic teacher I know.
Sami taught Leyla how to swear in Arabic.
Could you recommend a good Arabic teacher for my son?
Sami is fascinated with Arabic fairy tales.
The trout swam upstream.
The trout was swimming upstream.
I always buy my bread from the bakery.
I'd like a lager.
The mere thought of the work awaiting him at home makes Tom tired.
Tom's tired just thinking about the work waiting for him at home.
Tom's parents died in an accident.
I'm sorry I laughed.
You don't need to apologize.
His lips met hers.
Were you with him last night?
Were you with her last night?
She threw herself into his arms.
Mary threw herself into Tom's arms.
"Why didn't you tell me?" "I'm telling you."
The Rhine is a river.
Tom and I decorated the house for Christmas.
We never had a real Christmas tree when I was young.
Tom spent Christmas behind bars.
Tom is a busker.
Tom spent Christmas in jail.
Tom drew her into his arms.
Tom made a little speech.
Tom can't see his own mistakes.
I have to go downtown.
"Do you want a drink?" "No, thanks."
I was just a kid back then.
I hope I didn't do anything to upset you.
It was only a little cut.
For a while, I didn't say anything.
Her lips were sweet.
His lips were sweet.
How much did he pay you?
How much did she pay you?
Love always wins in the end.
Love always wins.
I felt like the whole school was at me.
Go away! I don't want to see you.
He was pushing his luck.
She was pushing her luck.
Do you think she hates me?
Do you think he hates me?
I hope I haven't done anything wrong.
Tom was afraid that he had overplayed his hand.
Everything about her is perfect.
Everything about him is perfect.
Everything about her was perfect.
Everything about you is perfect.
"I asked Tom if he had ever kissed a girl." "And what did he say?"
I really enjoyed the time we spent together.
She gives me the creeps.
I'm a big girl. I can handle it.
The American Dream is rapidly becoming an illusion.
Tom calmed the baby.
She must be Tom's girlfriend.
He must be Mary's boyfriend.
Why doesn't Mary like me?
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned or will sin.
Tom didn't know at the time that a Choice Mom was a Single Mothers by Choice.
Multinationals and extremely rich people manage, sometimes legally, sometimes illegally, to pay little to no taxes by using services offered in fiscal paradises.
This sentence is so uninteresting, no one will translate it.
Tom worked at the same company for his entire career, which is why his resume barely covered half a sheet of A4.
I don't have a way with words.
I cannot put it so eloquently into words.
Here comes Tom! Act as if you were busy!
Tom was pushing his luck.
I hope you feel the same way about me.
My dad doesn't know, but mom does.
I get up early during the week, however on weekends I'm a late riser.
Tom published a novel under a pen name.
Mary published a novel under a pen name.
We are home on Sundays.
I just wanted to get it over with.
She's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
He's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
Tom is not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
You're sleeping with her, aren't you?
You're sleeping with him, aren't you?
Did you take your medication?
I told him that it was over.
You're looking for her, aren't you?
Just tell him you’re not interested.
Just tell her you’re not interested.
People and winds change quickly.
Do you have any Esperanto dictionary?
My brother likes coffee.
Do you often go to a restaurant?
It was so cold that the lake froze over.
When was the last time you were at your parents'?
I promise to call.
He hasn't sold the house.
Do you really want to wear that?
Their children do what they want.
We accepted her invitation.
Her father died ten years ago.
They didn't accept the gifts.
How can she stand it?
Which is more difficult to learn in Arabic: to speak or read?
Sami speaks a little Arabic, but doesn't know how to read it.
You shouldn't use too many dashes.
She often comes too late.
Mary kicked Tom in the unmentionables.
Tom poured cold water on the prospects of a deal being struck.
Tom was up with the lark.
Tom's just larking about.
That man has long hair.
Who are these presents for?
I would also like to see the ocean.
Tom doesn't have any money on him.
Tom ordered a glass of wine.
Tom ordered an apple juice.
Roses are flowers.
Tom swims like a fish in the water.
Are there fish in this pond?
The hike will take place in the month of May.
Nothing worked as planned.
These products are mediocre quality.
This merchandise sells well.
"Are you cold?" "A bit."
He has square shoulders.
Thomas has the shoulders of a swimmer.
All the girls found him irresistible.
I never asked you anything.
I'm organizing a small party Saturday.
It would really be awesome if you could come.
I'm very glad that you're here.
Give me time to take a shower.
What would you say to going to have dinner in town?
You haven't gained a bit of weight?
Why didn't you say it earlier?
She avoids his look.
The cicada nymph was caught in a spider web, grew wings and flew away.
I don't want to try something new. I want things to stay the same.
I want to have my own life.
I just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible.
Tom has a laid-back personality.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all.
She was genuinely worried about him.
Tom was genuinely worried about Mary.
Tom was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Mary was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Where did you learn to make pizza?
When did you learn to make pizza?
I love this sweater.
Tom wore an ugly Christmas sweater.
You must be homesick.
Tom hates Christmas.
Did you have a favorite book as a child?
You shouldn't have lent money to Tom.
Only cats have nine lives. You have but one.
Tom gave Mary a box of assorted chocolates.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.
He looked a bit embarrassed.
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
Mary whisked some snow off her hat.
Tom watched a BBC documentary.
This documentary was narrated by David Attenborough.
She looked a bit embarrassed.
You shouldn't give up hope.
He was surprised by her candor.
Tom was surprised by Mary's candor.
Mary took off her winter coat and her hat.
We need to hire someone who can speak French.
Tom was considered a prodigy in his youth.
Stop playing with that thing.
Tom is an old miser.
We didn't see any children at all.
The scientists placed wires on the dogs' heads to measure electrical activity in the brain.
We didn't see a single game.
The Hungarian scientists hope to understand how the dogs' ability to learn and remember changes as they get older.
The study may help researchers understand how human brains change as we age.
Ivaylo Iotchey is a neuroscience researcher. He says that this is the first time dogs’ sleep spindles have been measured, and related to the dogs learning new things.
The scientists found differences between male and female dogs. Iotchey says the females appeared much better at learning new things.
It was harder for all the older dogs to remember things, especially when several things were happening at the same time.
Among very old dogs, up to two thirds of them show signs of dementia.
North Korean hackers have taken millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin in recent attacks over the internet.
Virtual currencies are forms of money that are not overseen by governments but are exchanged digitally and controlled by their developers.
North Korean hackers have been blamed for a number of cyberattacks in the past, including a computer virus known as WannaCry.
The cyberattack affected hospitals, banks and companies around the world this year.
North Korea has rejected accusations that it has been involved in hacking.
A huge number of people spend a lot of time enjoying animal photos and videos.
Millions of images from a variety of furry friends get posted and shared on social media every day.
Two of the owls are sitting on the branch looking into the distance. The third appears to be struggling to climb up, with the other two owls seemingly ignoring their friend’s troubles.
This picture shows choir members singing during a rehearsal for their upcoming Christmas performances, at St Paul's Cathedral in central London.
As soon as the Thanksgiving holiday is over, Santa Clauses start appearing everywhere – in shopping centers, supermarkets and other places.
It takes more than red clothing and a white beard to be a professional Santa.
Many aspiring Santas attend special classes.
Tom runs a Christmas shop that is open all year round.
We chose Tom to be our leader.
Christmas is the most magical time of the year.
We caught Tom red-handed.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's at Christmas.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's on Christmas morning.
We were surprised by Tom's behavior.
I asked Tom if he'd ever kissed a girl.
It is time to give it to you.
I believe in the power of magic.
I wanna say something.
Layla wants Sami's love.
I need love.
What I want is love.
They will wait for us.
Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine.
You need to control youself.
I wonder why Tom didn't come to Mary's party.
I wonder where to hang this picture that Tom gave me.
I wonder what's on Tom's mind.
I did that during summer vacation.
Tom warned me not to do it again.
It's unlikely Tom is as busy as you think.
We enjoyed the rain last night in the park.
Sami indulged in several affairs.
Sami led an immoral life.
Sami isn't in a mood for a chat.
It is about time you studied vocabulary!
Because of fierce Juno's ever-remembering wrath, he was tossed about much by the power of the gods, both on land and the deep sea.
Tom looked away in horror as Mary doused her fries with mayonnaise on top of the ketchup.
When the U.S. sneezes, Japan catches cold.
The company sold a yen hamburger and a yen coffee and attracted a lot of customers.
Additionally, a great number of ivory objects and seashells were unearthed from the same site.
Archaeologists discovered the ruins of an old city with a circumference of twelve square kilometers and a wide range of bronze, jade and gold objects.
You shouldn't be afraid of the future.
Tom should've listened to his mother.
Tom was very protective of Mary.
No rest for the wicked.
The politician announced his resignation.
Did you know Tom has spent time in jail?
Sami tore Layla's ego down.
Mary allowed Tom to play his guitar.
Tom allowed Mary to play his guitar.
You could've told the truth.
We were in Boston last winter.
We went to the station to see Tom off.
We went to Boston last year for the first time.
We went shopping yesterday.
We want to go to Boston and Chicago.
We went to Australia for our honeymoon.
We're planning to go to Australia for our honeymoon.
We waited for Tom to turn up.
We usually talked in French.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop Tom.
I don't have any homework today.
Would you like some more apple juice?
I have got a good book.
Oh my God, what a mess!
Am I your first friend who's not Japanese?
Do you want me to come to Japan to see you?
Sorry I didn't reply to your message earlier, I was busy.
How many episodes of One Piece have you watched?
Do you think Tom will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you really think that Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
If you don't understand, you need to say so.
If there's something you don't understand, let me know.
If you need help, let me know.
If you need to borrow some money, let me know.
Mary is easily influenced.
Were you able to do that by yourself?
We sat down on a bench to talk.
We kissed last night.
Can you close the drapes?
Tom signed an NDA.
Do you think Tom's story is true?
Do you think Tom is the one who broke the window?
Do you think what she said is a lie?
Do you still want tea?
Please close the drapes.
Sami was dressed in tactical gear.
Sami had it all.
Is it true that Tom won the race?
Sami was having an affair.
Sami knew about Layla's infidelity.
Sami's life was his family.
Sami was devoted to helping other people improve their lives.
Sami took his clothes to the dry cleaner.
Sami has been covering this case.
Is it true that you're going to study in Boston?
Is French taught at your school?
Sami's body was covered by leaves.
It appeared to me that Tom wasn't doing what he was supposed to be doing.
Layla left with the kids.
Where do you want to go, then?
"We kissed." "You what?"
"We kissed last night." "You what?!"
At the end of the game, the player with the most points wins.
Tom is borderline paranoid.
Sami saw there was blood everywhere.
Sami began driving home.
I only live here because it's cheap.
Tom disappeared mysteriously.
Good morning. Did you sleep well?
I live here because it's close to where I work.
I only live here because it's close to where I work.
I only live here because it's close to work.
Why do you live here?
Sami earned the name Papa Bear.
Sami got a call from police.
Sami followed Layla home.
Sami granted reporters interviews.
Sami called our radio station.
"Why do you live here?" "I don't."
She told you, didn't she?
He told you, didn't he?
I'm sorry, officer. It won't happen again.
I knew you'd get into trouble.
When Tom got back to his car, a parking ticket was stuck under the windshield wipers.
They don't need to know that.
Germans love beer and sausages.
She doesn't need to know that.
Just don't get caught.
She didn't sound particularly concerned.
Tom didn't sound particularly concerned.
Tom smuggled the stolen diamonds out of the country.
Tom never pays his parking tickets.
Tom walked over to his car and noticed a parking ticket stuck under the windshield wiper.
What was your hobby as a teenager?
I don't feel like going shopping today.
Are the presents wrapped?
But Christmas is tomorrow Tom! When on earth will you have time to do any shopping?
Elke is a feminine given name that means "of noble birth".
Tears began to stream down her face.
Maria lit a few tealights to improve the atmosphere.
I don't care how much it costs. I want it!
Tom and Mary are both big spenders.
Tom put on a fake smile.
Mary put on a fake smile.
Mary put on a fake smile to hide her true emotions.
Have you bought all your Christmas gifts?
Have you finished all your Christmas shopping?
Have you bought all your presents?
Did you consider that you might be wrong?
Did you try to understand her viewpoint?
Did you try to understand his viewpoint?
Tom took Mary's hand and sat down next to her.
Hey, will you be at the party later?
When Tom got back to his car, there were several tickets stuck under the windshield wiper.
Do you feel uneasy about your body?
Tom tore the ticket to bits.
Please don't give me a ticket!
The price of Bitcoin has fallen by 25% in the past hours.
Tom wants to declutter his home.
Mary wants to declutter her home.
I'm not interested in seeing you anymore.
I'm dating someone else.
She took my hands and squeezed them.
Tom took Mary's hands and brought them to his lips.
Tom gently took Mary's hands and squeezed them.
Sami is angry about this.
I'm really looking forward to 2018.
Sami was sitting here.
Sami's optimism was quickly dashed.
It's nice to hear your voice.
I assumed she was his girlfriend.
I assumed he was her boyfriend.
Mary has curly blonde hair.
No one had ever told me that they loved me before.
Hurry up, Tom! We're going to be late!
Hurry up, Mary! We're going to be late!
Tom looked into her eyes, leaned in, and kissed her.
It was such a romantic moment.
I can't find my lip gloss.
Mary is not allowed to have a boyfriend.
Tom almost lost his eye.
Tom is the youngest of ten children.
Did you have a job when you were a teenager?
The referee made a bad call.
Being right is not always what is important.
Tom is often disruptive in class.
You don't speak to anyone about anything.
You don't speak to us about anything.
You don't speak to me about anything. How can I know what's going on inside your head?
Do you have any idea how much I love you?
The rope snapped and Tom fell down the crevasse.
I get the feeling that you're telling me what you think I want to hear, instead of what you really think.
You never listen to anything I say.
You never listen to anything I say!
Where the hell have you been? I was worried sick!
When you have something to say, count to ten before saying it.
No one can really know what's going on inside your head if you don't tell them.
There was no point in denying it.
There's no point in denying it.
You and Tom are the best friends I've ever had.
Please don't leave me alone with him.
Please don't leave me alone with her.
"What are you talking about?" "You know perfectly well what I'm talking about."
Tom and Mary are the best friends I've ever had.
Tom planted a gentle kiss on Mary's lips.
He planted a gentle kiss on her lips.
He wrapped his hand around the back of her head and kissed her.
It looked like she wanted me to kiss her.
Would you like to could come over to my house to hang out?
I think you owe me a kiss.
She wanted him to kiss her and yet, she was afraid of what might happen.
One day, she asked him to kiss her.
Mary asked Tom to kiss her.
I think she wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
Batteries degrade over time.
You're a little rascal!
You're a scamp!
You're a scally!
You're a scallywag!
Sami tore the letter into pieces.
Sami grew up in Bible country.
Sami was a pillar of the community.
Sami was a fun person to be around.
Sami was listening to the pastor.
Sami gave a heart-felt eulogy at the funeral.
Sami delivered a powerful eulogy.
Sami's killer might be attending the funeral.
Sami's door was locked.
Sami was lying on his side.
Sami stepped over the body.
Sami called cops to inform them that Layla had been shot.
Sami lost his wife of sixteen years.
Sami is the father of Layla's six children.
Sami has known Layla for years.
Sami enlisted in the Marine Corps.
Sami and Layla's relationship reignited.
Sami and Layla were a picture perfect family in a picture perfect American town.
Sami was singing in the choir.
Sami was helping in the kitchen.
Sami fed on the spiritual nourishment that the church offered.
Sami had no known enemies.
Sami lied in a pool of blood.
Sami's wallet was never touched.
Sami's death seemed like an execution.
Sami took only one shot.
Sami was murdered in the same room.
Sami is a veteran police detective.
Sami wrote Layla a lengthy love letter.
Sami wrote Layla a love note.
Sami went from a grieving husband to a prime suspect.
Sami told police everything that had happened that day.
Sami didn't want the baby.
Sami's affair with Layla continued.
Sami recovered from the grief.
Sami was a dirty-looking guy.
Sami saw a dirty-looking guy walking around the office.
Sami had a well documented alibi.
Sami had a doctor's appointment that day.
Sami looked at the floor.
Sami whispered under his breath.
Sami was Layla's secret admirer.
Sami met with Layla's close friend, Salima.
Sami noticed Layla's strange ways.
Sami began to ask about Layla's daughter.
Sami told Layla to go to the hospital.
Sami was a respectable smooth-talking reverend.
Sami had sex with Farid's wife.
Sami made his children sole beneficiaries of his life insurance policy.
Sami was Layla's spiritual counselor.
Sami did a little bit of his own investigating.
Sami was asking questions.
Sami sent Layla a text.
Sami threw Layla under the bus to save himself.
Sami confessed everything in the interrogation room.
Sami was spilling it all to the cops.
Sami said Layla pulled the trigger.
Sami betrayed his faith.
Sami is now serving life in prison.
Sami took a plea deal to have charges reduced.
Sami gave Layla the combination to open his gun safe.
Sami eulogized the man he murdered.
Sami broke all the Ten Commandments.
Sami met the daughter of a doctor.
Sami was a student at the University of Cairo.
Sami grew up in a quiet town.
Sami and Layla had an instant connection.
Sami was very impressed with Layla's perseverance and drive.
Sami quit that job after a week.
Sami and Layla's relationship seemed to blossom.
Sami had a relationship with another woman.
Sami wasn't ready to take Layla to the altar.
Sami never used condoms with Layla.
Sami was inching towards his degree in biosciences.
Sami wanted to name his son after his father.
Sami wouldn't pick up his phone.
Sami's text messages shocked and saddened Layla.
Sami didn't have medical insurance at the time.
Sami had a mild infection.
Sami's co-workers were so excited for him.
Sami took one of the pills Layla had given him.
Sami quickly learned the truth.
Sami told Layla what the medication he had given her was.
Sami told police a horror story.
Sami betrayed his own family.
Sami stole a page from the doctor's prescription pad.
Sami forged a prescription.
Sami did all of those things.
Sami was devastated by his son's actions.
Sami was loving and caring about other people.
Sami dated Layla for a long time.
Sami was a once promising medical student.
Sami spent half a million dollars.
Sami is sixty-six years old.
Sami took an unbelievably regrettable decision.
Sami married a beautiful young attorney.
Sami's life was taking off.
Sami has just opened his law firm.
Sami was shot six times with his own gun.
Sami and Layla's romance turned sour.
Sami wanted a nose job.
Sami and Layla's story began here.
Sami was waiting at the bar.
Sami and Layla had ended a serious relationship about a month before.
Sami and Layla met on Facebook through a mutual friend.
Sami lived in a small suburb near Cairo.
Sami's team has been undefeated for six years now.
Sami was at Layla's apartment.
Sami and Layla got their dogs together.
Sami had the brains to match his good looks.
Sami and Farid are long-time buddies.
Sami spent nights in bars like these.
Sami believed in the ideology of gun-ownership.
Sami's comfort with guns made Layla feel safe.
Sami hired Layla at his law firm.
Sami stomped on Layla's head.
Sami was about a mile away.
Sami parked the car and walked into the bar.
Sami headed up the stairs.
Sami had a bookcase in his room.
Sami was a gun lover.
Sami had an artillery vest.
Sami checked Layla for a pulse.
Sami was waiting in the interview room.
Sami has known Layla since sixth grade.
Sami gets good grades.
Sami has known Layla from college.
Sami was certainly attracted to Layla and the feeling was mutual.
Sami lived in this neighborhood.
Sami had a long-time girlfriend.
Sami lost interest in Layla rather quickly.
Sami loved to watch the debates.
Sami shot the man in self-defense.
Sami sat at the dining-room table.
Sami abused prescription drugs.
Tom left France to live in Switzerland.
Sami asked Farid about how life behind bars was.
Sami was worried about his homework.
Sami started singing Amazing Grace.
Sami shot Layla in the face.
Sami finally got his day in court.
Sami burned off his fingerprints.
Sami is before that judge again.
Sami walked into the courtroom.
Sami spent time with Farid in jail.
Sami laughed about the murder.
Sami was the aggressor in that fight.
Sami was the lead detective on that case.
Sami's love has turned to hate.
Sami and Layla went to a shooting range together.
Sami shot and killed Layla and played like it was an accident.
Sami found out about that date between Layla and Farid.
Sami killed Layla in a jealous rage.
Sami was in pain.
Sami called Layla's condo.
Sami got an even more disturbing call from Layla.
Sami was a mess.
Sami is Farid's former partner.
Sami never took the stand.
Sami was under extreme emotional distress.
Sami was seen dancing in the classroom.
Sami's big brother has died.
Sami's chair is going to be empty for ever.
Sami never had a parking ticket.
Sami plays the incident back in his head all the time.
Sami requested a new trial.
My brother got married within a month.
Sami hired a hitman to kill Layla.
Sami wanted his wife killed.
Sami is telling his version of the story.
Sami is away on assignment.
Sami's mansion faced the shoreline.
Sami is under house arrest.
Sami was accused of sollicitation to commit murder.
Sami listens to Christian music.
Sami watched every video on Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami's downfall began the day he met Layla.
Sami and Layla had instant chemistry.
Sami went to Catholic high school.
Sami got a real estate license.
Sami had a past.
Sami called an escort.
Sami's divorce was final.
Mennad and Baya snuggled at home watching reality TV.
Sami watched the show at home.
Mennad and Baya dreamed together of being on TV.
Sami failed to mention he was a convicted felon.
Sami is on probation until 2026.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of the way.
Sami and Layla's honeymoon is over.
Sami watched the video over and over again.
Sami lived in a small building.
Sami covered the story for CBC.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's last name.
Sami is about to show his true colors.
Sami and Layla didn't act like typical newlyweds.
Sami gave Farid a photo of Layla.
Sami gave Farid the picture of the woman that he wanted murdered.
Sami left the house early Saturday morning.
Sami is at this gym.
Sami is still recovering from liposuction.
Mennad was watching a television show.
Sami came back to his residence.
Sami had another surprise for Layla.
Sami was caught on camera.
Sami watched the video dozens of times.
Sami posted the video on YouTube.
Sami's crime was caught on tape.
Sami wanted Layla's money.
Sami is in construction.
Sami and Layla had an X-rated conversation.
Sami wasn't a victim.
Sami is an expert in reality TV.
Sami considered the trial a disaster for Layla.
Sami was found guilty of sollicitation to commit first degree murder.
Sami begged the judge for leniency.
Sami is a part-time actor.
Sami and Layla wanted to mimic the movie.
Sami was a confidential informant.
Sami's attorney filed a motion to dismiss the case.
Mennad is not in the business of producing television.
Sami is denying the undeniable.
Sami went through depression.
Sami was hoping for sympathy.
Sami had ice running through his veins.
Sami failed the polygraph.
Sami called Layla six hundred times in the days leading to Farid's shooting.
Sami took the witness stand.
Sami was sitting in the back with popcorn.
Sami will be sitting in the back.
Sami's and Layla's worlds collided.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and playing music.
Sami was headed for the mall.
Sami is staying in Cairo with his dad.
Sami was in another part of town.
Sami and Layla attended the wedding of Farid's son.
Sami drove miles to attend Layla's wedding.
Sami needed a bathroom break.
Sami played video games.
Sami was listening to a rap song.
Sami crossed paths with Layla.
Sami rushed from a convenience store to see what was happening.
Sami was standing in his bedroom.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami went to a popular shopping mall in Cairo.
Sami is the only son of Layla Bakir and her ex-husband Farid Sadiq.
Sami got out of his car to go inside the store.
Sami exited his vehicle and fired six more times.
Sami fled from the scene.
Have you read Milton's works?
Have you read my project on ecotourism?
Sami was a homicide victim.
Sami opened fire on the police SUV.
Sami loved rap.
Sami sprayed the car with bullets.
Sami is a vineyard supervisor.
Sami began mixing booze with cocaine.
Sami left the parking lot immediately after the shooting.
Sami was yelling obscenities back at Layla.
Sami always had new jokes to tell.
Aart rejected any suggestion his father was a racist.
Sami is an amateur pilot.
Sami could no longer afford to repair his plane.
Sami has just got home a few minutes ago.
Sami went back to the hotel.
Sami was sitting in the driver's seat.
Sami put his window back up.
Sami unholstered his pistol.
Sami was in a strange area.
Sami is behind bars on murder charges.
Sami was lying on the floor on his stomach.
Sami's throat was slashed.
Sami is in custody after shooting Layla.
Don't let the light catch your eye!
She's travelling around the world.
days to tire of beauty, days to be used to a beast.
Tom scolded everyone without reason.
By the way, have you read my latest book on this topic?
At the time work is completed I will help.
She likes this game.
That was done, who is the stupid one?
So I want to gradually cut my hair. Really Already?
By the time I arrived at the house I had already stolen a key.
When I arrived at the house I had already stolen the key.
Borrowed Game prohibited.
A character that represents an number which is operated to a result is called an equation.
In general, everything is fine.
I assumed he was your boyfriend.
I assumed she was your girlfriend.
Tom wore a thick scarf.
An artist must have an eye for colour.
Well, what can you say?
What does Mary think about it?
Well, what is there to say?
I won't be coming until four o'clock.
I won't come before four o'clock.
I was very tired, so I was able to fall asleep straight away.
Sami took his puppy for a walk.
Sami and Layla ate dinner.
Sami and Layla finished their pizza and went to sleep.
Sami was transported back to Cairo and charged with murder.
Sami shot an unarmed black teenager.
Sami's shooting caused a public outcry.
Sami's testimony is crucial.
Sami didn't see a weapon of any kind in Layal's car.
Sami saw Layla with a firearm.
Sami heard the brutal details of how his beloved son had died.
Sami shot between Layal's legs.
Sami had the right to enjoy his music.
Sami disrespected Layla's parents.
Sami had a deep-seated prejudice against African Americans.
Sami acted like a thug.
Sami had a very limited scope about African Americans.
Sami was pushing for justice for his son.
Sami's life sentence was an addition to his 60-year sentence for killing Layla and her baby daughter.
Sami is continuing to appeal his first-degree murder sentence.
Sami established a foundation.
Sami pressured Layla to get a facelift.
Sami hired a new nanny.
Sami's success was built on lies.
Sami had a heart big enough to adopt six young Egyptian orphans.
Sami uses the English language effectively.
Sami was a braggart and a bore.
Sami had a huge ego.
Sami had total control.
Sami lost weight.
Sami would jump and do push-ups in the middle of a conversation.
Sami began disappearing for long stretches.
Sami has never been into plastic surgery.
Sami gave Layla more medicine.
Sami soon discovered his father had been keeping secrets, too.
Sami has become obsessed with his appearance.
Sami and Layla had a steak dinner.
Feel free to call me if you need anything.
My hands and feet always feel cold.
Your hands are like ice cubes.
Mary held her hands in front of the heater.
Tom held his hands in front of the heater.
Tom held his hands in front of the vent.
Tom set the heater on high.
Tom's hands were numb.
My hands were numb inside my gloves.
There's no more firewood.
Tom's teeth were chattering.
My lips were blue.
Tom's lips were blue.
Her lips were starting to turn blue.
Tom held his hands in front of the heating vent.
That could have been a lot worse.
I'll take some magazines.
Mary rubbed her hands together.
The lakes are frozen.
The lake is frozen.
Tom ran out of the sauna and jumped into the ice-cold water.
Tom participated in his city's annual polar bear swim.
Tom swam in the frozen lake.
Tom cut a hole in the ice.
The Epiphany marks the baptism of Jesus in the River Jordan.
Winter swimming isn't dangerous for healthy people.
Could you please elaborate?
Tom slipped on the icy sidewalk.
Sami was in the bathtub.
Sami got Layla out of the water.
Sami was on the line.
Sami failed to give police an audible address.
Sami's terrible secret fears began to crystallize.
Sami couldn't lift his mother out of the tub.
Sami began to suspect the unconceivable.
Sami has started to disappear for long periods of time.
Sami dialled the number day and night.
Sami dated a stripper named Layla.
Sami worked the night shifts.
Sami wasn't happy with Layla's answers.
Sami wrote just two and a half paragraphs to describe how he had killed Layla.
Mennad went to every single newspaper in Cairo to tell his story.
Sami collapsed and died just days after undergoing a surgical operation.
Sami is a guest in our home.
Sami was with his aunt Layla.
Sami was on the Internet.
Sami was fascinated with witchcarft.
Sami enjoyed killing animals.
Sami, Farid, Layla, and Salima were like a pack of dogs.
Sami grew up in a close-knit Mormon community.
Sami landed a residency at a Cairo hospital.
Sami's entire career was based on falsified documents.
Sami served in the army in the mid-1960's.
Sami collected more than sixty thousand dollars in disability payments.
Sami had a felony conviction for writing phoney checks.
Sami had sixty pairs of socks.
Sami sent Layla back to her Egyptian homeland.
Sami changed Layla's birth certificate.
Sami was frantic with worry.
Sami and his children shared the same bed.
Sami decided to bring Layla on a long journey back to Egypt.
Don't be afraid to get back up again, to try again, to love again, to live again and to dream again. Don't let a hard lesson burden your heart. Follow your path!
Sami opened up a bank account under a false name.
Sami stole Farid's identity.
Sami was a doctor with a comfortable salary and a reputation.
Sami is certainly not smiling now in his prison cell.
Sami had a buyer for his house.
Sami pled guilty for aggravated identity theft.
Sami had six computers.
Sami had six boxes of documents in his room.
Sami died just six hours after that call.
Sami placed a frantic call.
Sami sent Layla next door to get help.
Sami had a black shirt on and nothing else.
Sami was in the garage.
Sami was on his back.
Sami was lying dead face up in the bathtub.
Sami described the scene.
Sami is serving a six year prison term for fraud.
Sami killed Layla with a combination of powerful sedatives and painkillers.
Sami will do everything in his power to help the investigation.
Sami agreed, as part of a plea bargain, to testify against Layla.
Sami plans to appeal his conviction.
Sami is a known sex offender.
Sami's children were living in a jungle of sexual predators.
Sami had no place to hide.
Sami was walking home from school with his twin sister.
Sami disappeared into the crowd.
Sami was numb with fear.
Sami's body has been found in the garbage.
Sami's body was thrown in the trash.
Sami was at Layla's home Saturday afternoon.
Sami was working at the construction site.
Sami had a ponytail.
Sami and his friends were under suspicion.
Sami worked for a construction company.
Sami couldn't shake the feeling that the killer was still nearby looking for him.
Sami took kids for rides on his bicycle.
Sami was known as Grandpa Sammy.
Sami was loading up his equipment.
Sami pressed his face up against the fence.
Sami is waiting for Santa Claus.
Sami plays Santa at a local orphanage.
Sami was scared for Layla's safety.
Sami reflected on his last moments with Layla.
Sami mowed the lawn that morning.
Sami was doing paperwork.
Sami is a landscaper.
Sami's wife, Layla, was a nurse.
Sami's computer was right there on the desktop.
Sami drove by Layla's house on Bakir Avenue.
Sami's computer contained a lot of child pornography.
Sami seemed an unlikely suspect.
Sami was known for his volunteer work during emergencies.
Sami is one hell of a man.
Sami consumated his marriage with Layla.
Sami is a gentle giant.
Sami was acting strangely from the start.
Sami exhibited a fascination for death and torture.
Sami was arrested for twenty-six counts of child pornography based on computer evidence.
Sami was breathing a sigh of relief.
Sami killed himself around Christmas.
Sami wanted revenge.
Sami was a victim of bullying.
Sami is Farid's former roommate.
Sami babysat the children of family members.
Sami was a child in danger.
Sami even made death threats.
Sami turned on Layla for a reward.
Sami could have used that money to pay for Layla's therapy.
Sami assaulted Layla, killed her and dumped her body in a dumpster.
Sami is Layla's father and he was supposed to protect her.
Sami wanted Layla to get the death penalty.
Sami organized a benefit concert.
Sami can't see through the walls.
I am a railway worker.
Tom did a bang-up job.
Christmas is a time for sharing.
You were right. Tom is a complete idiot.
Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like this?
Couldn't it wait until after Christmas?
Can't it wait until after Christmas?
Tom and Mary sang a Christmas carol.
You think so?
Mary was eager to see Tom again.
Tom was eager to see Mary again.
He was eager to see her again.
Damn shame, that's what it is.
Would you have lunch with me today?
I thought the same thing at first.
I initially thought the same thing.
Tom rubbed his hands together gleefully.
Tom placed the gifts under the Christmas tree.
They were both wide awake.
She agreed right away.
He agreed right away.
Tom agreed right away.
When Tom asked Mary out, she agreed immediately.
May I kiss you goodnight?
They were both silent for a long time.
They exchanged knowing looks.
"T" stands for Tom and "M" stands for Mary.
Tom chopped some firewood.
Tom put some coal into the stove.
Tom chopped some firewood with his axe.
The weather was lovely.
Tom stacked the firewood behind the house.
Tom stacked the firewood inside the woodshed.
Mary knitted Tom a new pair of socks.
Who's that girl with Tom?
My hands are like ice cubes.
She looked right at me.
He looked right at me.
Why don't we go inside where it's warm?
These jackets aren't very warm.
Her eyes brightened.
You need to go inside and get warm.
He kissed the tips of her fingers.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous hat.
Tom poured the hot chocolate into two mugs.
I love plants.
Tom has a small garden.
Bring in some firewood.
Snowball fight!
Food fight!
We sat side by side.
Why don't we go inside the store to warm up?
Why don't we go inside to warm up?
Tom and Mary started throwing snowballs at each other.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a hat that was too small for him.
Tom chopped some firewood with his ax.
Tom put the presents under the Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary sang Christmas carols together.
Please elaborate.
Tom and Mary went skating on the frozen pond.
That could've been a lot worse.
We need more firewood.
I assumed Tom was your boyfriend.
I think Mary wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
Would you like to come over to my house and hang out?
It looked like Mary wanted me to kiss her.
You know perfectly well what I'm talking about.
Please don't leave me alone with Tom.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who'd done that.
Tom looked into Mary's eyes, leaned in, and kissed her.
I assumed Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I assumed Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
Tom tore the ticket in half.
Tears began to stream down Tom's face.
What was your hobby when you were a teenager?
Tom and Mary don't need to know that.
I knew Tom would get into trouble.
I knew Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
Tom has already told you, hasn't he?
I knew Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
"I don't want to go to Boston." "Where do you want to go, then?"
"I don't want to go to Boston." "Where would you rather go?"
What time's your train?
Are you going to cut down all these trees?
Are you going to invite Tom to the party?
Are you interested in sports?
By the way, where does Tom live?
Tom ran away from the policemen.
Tom ran away from the policeman.
Tom ran away from the police officers.
I'm doing everything I can to avoid catching a cold.
Hang your suit in the closet.
Hang your coat in the hallway.
We haven't called the police yet.
Haven't you called the police yet?
Have the police been called?
Whose binoculars are these?
Tom put the binoculars in his bag.
Tom took the binoculars out of his bag.
Wait here while I go get your jackets.
Wait here while I go get your coats.
Let me get your coat.
Don't let anyone leave this building.
Don't let anyone in this building.
No one is allowed to leave this building.
Why don't you try doing that the way Tom showed you?
Tom turned on the soldering iron.
I looked for the key under the welcome mat and in the nearby flower pot.
What do your parents want for Christmas?
What does Tom want for Christmas?
What does Tom want for his birthday?
What do you plan to buy Tom for Christmas?
What do you plan on buying Tom for Christmas?
The lights are on in every house on this street, except for Tom's.
No one is working here today, except Tom.
Tom is the only one working here today.
A bottle of shampoo costs as much as a tube of toothpaste.
Shampoo and toothpaste are the same price.
I have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
I bought shampoo and toothpaste.
I went to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
Tom turned to Mary and asked her a question.
How many people are on your team?
Here are the documents you asked for.
Is this enough for you?
Tom struck the match, but it didn't light.
I handed the letter to Tom.
Tom handed me the letter.
Tom handed me the package.
Tom handed the package to me.
Tom handed the letter to me.
I handed Tom the letter.
Do you have any pictures of Tom's children?
Tom said he wished he were rich.
Is it deep here?
They need food and water.
The water is refreshing.
The water's cold today.
I can hear water dripping somewhere.
It sounds like the faucet is dripping.
It sounds like the faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
What's asphalt made of?
The flowers in the vase were wilted.
I took time off from work and went to the doctor.
I took time off from work and went to the hospital.
I left work early and went straight home.
Why is there no hot water?
Our water heater is broken.
Our water heater is leaking.
We need to replace our water heater.
We need to replace our hot water heater.
Our broken water heater couldn't be repaired.
How much money did Tom lose playing poker last night?
How much money did you win?
Who won today?
Which team won?
You should go out for a walk with the children.
I hope I don't regret doing this.
It's not at all difficult to do that.
The audience gave Tom a standing ovation.
In the desert, water is worth its weight in gold.
I like oranges, but I like lemons more.
It won't hurt to try doing that.
It would be a good idea to try doing that.
Why do you suspect that Tom was the one who did that?
Why do you suspect it was Tom who did that?
Happy workers are better workers.
Tom hasn't had a pay raise for three years.
Tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Accept your past without regrets.
This is a test of endurance.
Most of the things you worry about never happen!
Sami thinks his neighbors are a nightmare.
Sami, Layla, and Farid stood there like a bunch of idiots.
Sami found dog droppings in his backyard.
Sami found dog poop in the kitchen.
Sami's neighbors were terrorized.
Sami and Layla were retirees.
Sami was building the house as a rental unit.
Mennad's pickup truck was carried away by the flood.
Sami could drive a dozer.
Sami climbed in a bulldozer.
Sami had problems with one of his neighbors.
Sami fixed the fence.
Sami and Layla's dispute span out of control.
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
Sami parked his car in Layla's front yard.
Sami had a math problem.
Sami was trying to get help and nobody would help him.
Sami was the leader of a gang.
Sami lived in a mobile home.
Sami was digging up his yard with an excavator.
Sami was digging holes in his backyard.
Sami gave Layla the finger and she gave him the finger back.
Sami declared a war to the whole neighborhood.
Sami and Layla's squabble was about to turn nuclear.
Sami's thirst for destruction was not likely to be stenched.
Sami filmed that with his cellphone.
Sami was dozing on a sofa.
Sami has been sleeping in the living room.
Sami's home has to be rebuilt from the foundation up.
Sami scared the crap out of me.
Sami's house is turning into a battleground.
Sami's response was no.
Sami now claims ownership.
Sami presented the police with these documents.
Sami took care of the property.
Sami's lawyer was using language that was very confusing for the jury.
Sami decided to do some digging of his own.
Sami is the founder of a mysterious group called Divine Intervention.
Sami knew that in advance.
Sami changed the locks.
Sami opened the door and walked in.
Sami is the leader of the group.
Sami was convicted of impersonating an Egyptian diplomat.
Sami drove Layla nuts.
Sami is a long-time Cairo resident.
Sami's house wasn't for sale.
Sami drove by, honking the horn.
Sami and Layla conspired together to organize a defamation campaign against Farid.
Sami began planning his payback.
Sami's horn has a particular sound.
Sami began suing the hornblowers.
Sami came to the meeting.
Sami's crime was captured on surveillance cameras.
Sami was eating a slice of coconut cake.
Sami and Layla were just not ready for mediation at this point.
Sami threw a peace and reconciliation barbecue at his home.
Sami made a brief statement.
Sami and Layla spent the party avoiding each other.
Sami showed compassion.
Sami has neighbors from hell.
Sami flung the dog feces onto Layla's doorstep.
Sami Bakir is the mayor.
Sami is an anger management expert.
Sami has made a judgment error.
Sami threw feces on Layla's yard.
Sami found a bag of dog feces in his backyard.
Sami was given multiple tickets.
Sami took the law into his own hands.
Sami wanted Layla off the city council.
Sami frequented local sex shops.
Sami is not the squeaky clean churchgoer that he purported to be.
Sami read Layla's journal.
Sami had the mind of a sociopath.
Sami was buried in a shallow grave.
Sami found sleeping pills in Layla's purse.
Sami made a gruesome discovery.
Sami was trapped in a love triangle that would turn deadly.
Don't slouch in your chair.
Eat your peas.
Keep your shoulders straight.
Yoga can improve your posture.
Always bend your knees when you're lifting something off the ground.
Tom was understandably concerned.
Mary was understandably concerned.
Walk with your head held high.
Don't slouch in your seat.
Don't get side tracked.
Mary's mother is often critical of her appearance.
Mary's mother is often judgmental.
Tom suffers from back pain.
Tom and Mary live in a small log cabin.
The baby is sleeping in his crib.
The baby is asleep in his crib.
The baby sleeps in a crib next to his parents' bed.
Tom arrived in a horse-drawn sleigh.
Tom and Mary arrived in a horse-drawn carriage.
Asanas are yoga postures.
Asanas are often referred to as "yoga postures" or "yoga positions".
Tom sat in the lotus position.
Breathe in through your nose.
Become aware of your entire body.
Visualize your entire body.
Tom did a few sun salutations.
Nearly everything Tom and Mary eat comes from their land.
I'm sometimes lonely on weekends.
They began spending almost every weekend there.
It gets very crowded on weekends.
Tom plays the balalaika.
Her confession came as a surprise.
Tom was sitting on a yoga ball.
Mary is sitting on a yoga ball.
Inhale and exhale evenly through your nose.
Remove the price tags before wrapping your presents.
Tom forgot to remove the price tag.
Tape one side of the wrapping paper to the box.
Go and brush your hair.
Tom put Mary's present in a bag with cute pictures of penguins on it.
Tom put Mary's present in a bag with pictures of cute penguins on it.
Tom pushed his trolley down the aisle.
Tom pushed his shopping cart down the aisle.
This place is weird.
Tom tied his horse to the wooden post.
Tom measured out the wrapping paper.
Tom can't wrap presents.
He slipped his arms around her waist.
Tom slipped his arms around Mary's waist.
I am very disappointed in you.
Do you want to die?
Tom is a member of the royal family.
Have you spoken to Tom lately?
Tom moved behind Mary and slipped his arms around her waist.
Tom hummed to himself.
Mary hummed to herself while washing the dishes.
Tom fixed the bug.
Entomologists love bugs.
Sami considers this sacred ground.
Sami was a gift from God.
Sami's death made headlines.
Sami was known for his taste in hiphop.
Sami shared Layla's love of hiphop.
Sami liked action movies.
Sami liked superheroes.
Sami was part of the couple's clique.
Sami and Layla's romance was almost over.
Sami's laughter was replaced with tears.
Sami studied biology.
Sami's future was full of promise.
Sami studied biochemical engineering.
Sami had this smile on his face from ear to ear.
Sami has moved on but his ex has not.
Sami packed up his stuff and moved to a different city.
Sami created many cartoon characters.
Sami painted graffiti.
Inhale through your nose.
Exhale through your mouth.
Sami called Layla on a payphone.
Sami gave Layla advice about how to deal with that depression.
Sami and Layla met on the campus.
Sami had lunch.
Sami deliberately turned his phone to airplane mode.
Sami was eating at a nearby McDonald's.
Sami and Layla got into a verbal argument.
Sami went to the campus police station to report Layla missing.
Sami wouldn't hurt a fly.
Sami loves animals.
Sami was in agony.
Sami Bakir is present in the court with his counselor.
Sami has got a very narrow opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami wanted to eliminate his rivals.
Sami had an obsession with getting Layla back.
Tom sharpened his axe.
She's on the loo.
She's in the khazi.
Did he see us?
"Did he see us?" "I don't think so."
Point your toes.
Straighten your legs.
Tom and Mary sat by the window watching the snow fall down.
He put his hand over hers.
They both stared out of the window watching the snow fall.
It snowed for days.
It kept on snowing until the snow reached the windows.
A shovel full of snow can weigh as much as pounds.
Tom shoveled the driveway.
Some people like shoveling snow.
I went up to his room.
Tom slept on the pull-out sofa.
Snow blowers are too expensive.
Shoveling snow is good exercise.
Tom's first job was shoveling snow.
Hit me as hard as you can.
I had never experienced anything like that before.
Tom had a heart attack while shoveling snow.
Tom had a heart attack while shoveling his driveway.
I don't see Mary that often­.
They sat talking in front of the fire.
Tom and Mary discovered that they were staying at the same hotel.
Tom looked like he really needed a holiday.
I know her a bit.
They watched the snow fall.
She pressed her cheek against his.
Tom and Mary watched the snowflakes fall.
Tom and Mary were fascinated by the snowflakes.
Hurry and finish your breakfast.
Chipmunks hibernate during winter.
Do you often buy things, and then regret it later?
Have you ever watched snowflakes fall to the ground?
Alexey's passion is taking closeup pictures of snowflakes.
Alexey is a snowflake photographer.
Tom grabbed Mary's elbow.
Tom watched the snow fall outside his window.
Mary watched the snowflakes fall outside her window.
Relax completely.
Tom stumbled through the snow.
Christmas is celebrated on January 7th in Russia.
Tomsk is a city located on the Tom River in Siberia.
Tom can do a hundred pushups.
You weren't supposed to see that.
Tom pressed his face against the window.
Mary pressed her face against the window.
Tom can't do a single push-up.
He met her at the door.
Mary pressed her face against the cold glass of the window.
Hurry up and finish your breakfast.
Mary put on two sweaters.
Don't confuse a comet with an asteroid.
Another run for the money, huh?
Sami and Farid were childhood friends.
Sami smelt blood.
Sami faced peer pressure at school.
Sami and Layla formed a dark alliance.
Sami was involved in a bloody massacre.
Sami was an investigator for the district attorney.
Sami's grandfather showed him how to shoot.
Sami killed his grandparents.
Sami was dead in his sleeping bag.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of weekends together.
Sami and Layla's friendship was rekindled.
Sami was involved in a killing.
Sami said he was under a huge amount of pressure.
Sami has never heard of a place called Paraguay.
Sami might be the murderer.
Sami was trying to find his identity.
Sami didn't fit in with any of those groups.
Sami was giving a speech in class.
Sami and Layla began a schoolyard friendship.
Sami lived deep in the Rockies.
Sami played a chess match.
Sami received a lot of compliments.
Sami organized his gang in a paramilitary structure with him in command.
Sami was a lieutenant.
Sami became a lieutenant-colonel.
Sami didn't know he was getting involved in a cult.
Sami trained his gang members for violence.
Sami is from the small Southern African country of Malawi.
Sami Bakir was ambushed, shot, and possibly killed in the Colombian jungle.
Sami was going in the wrong direction.
Sami lived in a mountain paradise.
Sami was deeply paranoid and in need of help.
Sami visited the pastor.
Sami viewed Farid as his leader.
Sami was Layla's military superior.
Sami was trained into obedience.
Sami was in a remote mountain outpost.
Sami's gang was on the move.
Sami took that as an order.
Sami and Layla built the cabin together.
Sami has never spoken in public before.
Sami is being treated for mental illness.
Sami and Layla talked for a while.
Sami and Layla played some Scrabble.
Sami wanted Layla to look at that light.
Sami looked up at the sky and prayed.
Sami spent the New Year's Eve in Egypt.
Sami described the watch he saw at the mall.
Sami was on vacation with his parents.
Sami is staying with me this afternoon.
Sami is the ringleader.
Sami was an average student with a brilliant mind.
Sami is not a genius.
Sami participated in burglaries.
Sami was at the top of the command structure.
Sami wore a bullet-proof vest for protection.
Sami's organization is out of business.
Sami is the supposed mastermind of the attack.
Sami looked like a foreigner.
Sami's letter was filled with outrageous rants.
Sami suffered so long with the guilt of killing his once best friend.
Sami got the guarantee of a lighter sentence.
Everyone started waving their flags.
The people look like ants.
He's trembling like an aspen leaf.
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something?
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something here?
I'm sorry. I'm in the middle of something here.
It hasn't been the same since you left.
Christmas won't be the same without you.
This pendant must be very old.
He's still very much in love with you.
She's still very much in love with you.
I know you're there.
Mary thinks you're made for each other.
Tom thinks the two of you are made for each other.
Tom hasn't been the same since you left him.
Mary hasn't been the same since you left her.
He hasn't been the same since you left him.
He hasn't been the same since she left him.
Tom felt like the luckiest man on earth.
Mary gasped when she saw the ring.
Hello, Tom speaking.
You two always got along.
Mary has dark bags under her eyes.
Have you told Tom that Mike isn't his biological father?
Don't worry. Someone will come and rescue us.
Don't worry. Someone will come and rescue us eventually.
Don't worry. Tom will come and save us.
Someone will come to rescue us eventually.
Don't worry. Someone will come to rescue us.
Sometimes, I don't think he really wants to know the truth.
Sometimes, I don't think she really wants to know the truth.
My place or yours?
Mary put a few drops of her perfume onto her letter.
If you've been having an affair with Tom, I need to know it.
If you've been having an affair with Mary, I need to know it.
Tom brushed Mary's hair aside.
We didn't part on very good terms.
We parted on good terms.
Tom prefers to be alone.
What makes you think I trust you?
A bead of sweat trickled down Tom's face.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean I'm blind.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean my eyes stopped working.
I would like to be alone now.
The witch laid a curse on the unfortunate little girl.
Summer is here.
I am a general psychologist.
Sami was fighting for his freedom.
Sami got a lifelong companion in Layla.
Don't speak, just love me!
Has anyone ever loved you as much as I do?
He also suffered many things in war, while he strove to found a city, and to bear his gods to Latium: from this place arose the Latin race, the Alban fathers, and the walls of exalted Rome.
He is over eighty years old.
Third time lucky.
Do not wait a second longer.
Do not wait a second more.
Why don't you come by my place tonight?
Why don't you come back to my place for dinner tonight?
In all of human history, there has never been a kingdom that couldn't fall.
I ordered sushi, and John ordered tempura.
I've been getting some pretty weird emails for some time now.
For a while now, I have received some very strange messages.
The wind drove the sand.
I'm sorry, sir, but, "Your donkey is on fire," is not an idiom in any language.
He is racing home to clear his brower's history.
He does not enjoy the beach.
On every third Tuesday, he only reads Tintin, fries fish, and eats pomegranates.
He has mysterious habits.
He found that he had lost what wasn't worth keeping.
Eating her cooking is a suicidal behavior.
The bushel of wheat shed tears of gluten.
The owl heard the mouse in the brush.
The dog went blind in one eye.
The eggplant is bitter.
Keep them separate!
Glasses off! We need to see you clearly to compare you with your passport photo.
Show me your passport and your ticket!
Against the wall!
The world is run by mobsters.
Ease up! You're grinding the gears.
Peel these potatoes.
These are slave wages.
Nice car!
Sweet ride! When did you get this new car?
Gnarly! You were airborne for like seconds.
Totally tubular! Your skateboard rocks!
She's a valley girl.
The mall is dying.
Once upon a time, there was a video format called VHS.
This sentence isn't asking for anything.
I own this street corner.
He keeps taking the time machine to the '80's for the purpose of smoking crack.
He decided to create horrible artwork instead of aimlessly drinking.
He keeps stepping on other's toes.
He offered an olive branch.
If the van is rocking, it needs new shocks.
Titanium dioxide is frequently added to bottled salad dressing.
Why is every ninth monkey sick?
Crank up the heat!
Got any smokes?
I don't like sweets.
They discovered how to marinade meat with pomegranate molasses.
She pours date syrup on almost everything.
I'm craving fresh fruit.
She has issues with gluten.
If she eats too much fat in one sitting, she can experience diarrhea.
The birth rates are declining due to the impact of autoimmune diseases.
He ate almost a kilogram of dried Turkish figs in three days.
Sugar is sugar -- whether in fruit or granular form.
Not all calories are the same.
Fructose is a toxin.
She is filled with grief.
His prime directive is to waste my time.
They call it suicide by carbohydrates, but I call it pizza.
I like to binge watch binge drinkers at O'Flannigan's.
He says he's an artist.
Let's give him an unnecessary medical test.
I'm calling you about the lab results.
They've created a nonexistent disease.
My dog is crippled.
Can you cook this?
Do you have the recipe?
You can always tell when a ruler of the shadow government dies of natural causes due to the shuffling of power.
We should be thankful of death as it takes the worst of us away.
Why is she dancing in traffic circle?
She is newly divorced.
Ted Koppel and Henry Kissinger are good friends.
He died after a day-long drinking binge.
At my fattest, I wore suspenders.
If you're too attractive, no one will believe you are skilled technically.
I miss her embrace.
His jokes hurt.
I don't like being rejected.
Why does your dog receive checks in the mail?
Can your cat type this up?
Do you like my new boots?
You can't even say, "Pinot Noir."
I got audited.
It's the bookkeeper's fault.
The bookkeeper tried to seduce her.
The bookkeeper was arrested last night for embezzlement.
The cause of the death was an overdose.
You may regain the use of your legs one day.
No, there are no idioms in my language about one-legged dancers.
The mouse survived the cat's attack.
The mouse ate the grasshopper.
I would like to purchase a magazine.
Everyone laughs at my incredibly strange accent.
When he says "vegetables", I hear "busy devils".
I'm never going to take your advice on pairing cheese.
My dog isn't feeling well.
Must you needlessly touch everything with your filthy hands?
Your tires are worn out.
They are going to sign him.
You can eat my pickle.
As she boarded the train, he was terrified that he had contracted an STD.
Your body needs a break from the continual abuse to which you subject it.
He just died, and he wasn't kidding that he was allergic to wheat.
Hotdogs are very dangerous for young children.
The children turned the sofa into a sailing vessel.
Can you buy some soap?
I cannot remove the film this hand soap left on my hair.
His father died in 1939.
He would drink and disappear for days.
He stole petty cash from the office in the shoe store.
Look at how rail thin she was while picking apples during the Depression.
Everyone in the family likes BBQ Thursdays.
Cows eat grass -- no gluten!
You need to sign in.
The cause of death was "dependent clauses."
Ouch! That hurts!
The editor and the bookkeeper were fired for having sex in the office.
The bookkeeper needs to trim his eyebrows.
She pulled out some nose hairs to create tears and then knocked on the door.
He felt evil.
He was plagued by obsessive thoughts of guilt.
She liked sentences with six words.
Seven lucky dogs were chosen for the dog food commercial.
I thought it was a costume and not a real nun's habit!
This is a practical matter.
It's ambiguous.
I think you just defined "sharecropping."
He's prolific.
Throw the noodle against the wall to see if it will stick.
Boil a pot of water.
He buys thrift store landscape paintings and adds raccoons doing modern things, like operating a microwave, to the backgrounds.
They laughed and I cried.
I'm afraid I might get herpes from a snorkel.
Can I panic?
It was high energy.
We ran out of buns and then meat.
The fridge is overloaded with condiments.
Don't forget to buy condensed milk.
Bananas ripen quickly.
I dream of exotic fruit.
She is in a band called "Durian Durian", and they stink.
After a short trial, she sentenced the chicken to death.
On your way home, pick up a half-gallon of goat's milk.
She composed the music, but used her mouth to make the drum noises.
Stealing his roommate's stick of butter cost him his life.
He never recovered from his death.
She is still pregnant to this day – forty years later!
There is a crazy amount of packaging on this product.
Simple, we'll throttle all submissions.
Put direct pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding.
Elevate her feet.
History is written by the shadow government's public relations firm.
Is it inclusive or exclusive?
Why did I wear shorts?
I'm hypothetical.
Step into the wonderful world of my sentence.
He chose art over booze.
Vipers everywhere!
Break dancing is not allowed in the nursing home.
What is the sound of my tears falling into your eggs?
He's dying and needs a cigarette.
It took her eight frustrating hours to seduce the bookkeeper.
My life will not be complete until I buy a Matra-Dubonnet Djet 5b sports car.
He's been shot.
Is it safe at night there?
Please wear your floatation device.
The bookkeeper lost his spleen in a horrible car wreck.
It was no "hunting accident".
There were no damages to the cars involved in the fender bender.
She threatened to translate his works and, thus, exposing him to the whims of the police state.
Admittedly, they found the idea of a police state blasé.
His program would not compile.
Sorry, it was just a big, heartless joke.
This blanket is too soft.
If you wrap your pillow case in a clean towel every night, you'll cure your acne.
Don't eat anything that comes out of a box.
This is not your father's police state.
It's a minor infraction.
Everything crumbles as soon as I touch it.
I don't like these stereotypes.
The Chinese are said to detest French baguettes because they're compared to dog bones.
It was unsavory, to say the least.
Quick, hide the beer cans!
Don't put "Chernobyl" on your résumé.
He wouldn't stop making puns...
"Contains hazelnuts", my ass!
Is this all new to you?
What would be my day-to-day tasks?
I just came from the recital and my ears are bleeding.
The FDA allows a specific amount of maggots in mushroom soup.
Did you say "soup" or "soap"?
Stop fumbling around with the car keys and open the door.
Please stop giving deep tissue massages to the cat. It's digusting!
Harold liked to listen to ambient music while playing sudoku on the toilet.
Here, throw up in this waste-paper basket.
Bring out the good bowls.
Do you want a clean fork?
Does this contain gluten?
Is this gluten free?
'twas the night before Glutenmas, when all through the house, not a bagel was stirring, not even a corpulent spouse.
If you wish, everything is yours.
Sami took another look.
Sami thinks his daughter's fiance is responsible for her death.
Sami was in the shower.
Sami's family launched their own investigation.
Sami studied his daughter's autopsy.
Sami was last seen alive in June.
Sami is not the same person as he used to be.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together.
Sami has been thrust into a role he never imagined.
Sami had a very vibrant personality.
Sami and Layla talked about almost any thing.
Sami is a former real estate agent.
Sami had an album for his dog.
Sami was in a hotel room.
Sami was trying to build a future with Layla.
Sami loves life.
Sami is more than twice Layla's daughter's age.
Sami already had six children and was going through a nasty divorce.
Sami found airline tickets in Layla's room.
Sami and Layla butted heads more often than not.
Sami was certain that his relationship with Layla was going to end.
Sami gave Layla a diamond bracelet.
Sami revealed another surprise.
Sami was heading to Cairo.
Sami and Layla had dinner at a restraurant across the street from the hotel.
Sami was sitting at the dinner table with Layla.
Sami and Layla got into an argument.
Sami was with his dogs.
Sami answered the phone.
Sami listened to the recording and heard a man's voice in the background.
Sami's cellphone was ringing.
Sami was found alone in that hotel room.
Sami got a call from the police.
Sami was planning his own demise.
Sami renewed his subscription to the magazine.
Sami sent joyful text messages to Layla.
Sami did not commit suicide.
Sami got rich selling houses.
Sami called Layla from the neighbors' home.
Sami called the detective.
Sami made a phone call.
Sami tried to retrieve the call Layla had made.
Sami and Layla have had many fights before.
Sami sent a text message to Layla at midnight.
Sami discovered Layla's nude pictures.
Sami knew the pictures were in Layla's camera.
Sami is a former cop himself.
Mennad has reported extensively on this case for the Al-Ahram newspaper.
Sami's death should be viewed as a homicide.
Sami was interviewed six days after Layla's death.
Sami looked at the photographs.
Sami looked at Layla's eyes.
Sami didn't wear his bracelet.
Sami shot this video on Christmas.
Sami took the bracelet out of the box and gave it to Layla.
Sami's bathroom door was left open.
Sami didn't want Layla to see him that way.
Sami sat on the floor.
Sami used a pillow to smother Layla.
Sami was suspended in mid-air.
Sami struggled to get air.
Sami is a forensic expert.
Sami is a medical examiner.
Sami just did the job for Layla.
Sami took a polygraph test.
Sami had to fight for six years.
Sami had something to do with Layla's daughter's death.
Sami agreed to take a polygraph test.
Sami is a chief polygraphist.
Sami was not telling the truth.
Mennad was branded a liar on national television.
Sami is a victim, too.
Sami told us his sad story.
Sami had a big problem.
Sami called his children.
Sami was screaming and yelling and punching the wall.
Sami suddenly changed his mind.
Sami and Layla were having a party.
Sami made the call just after midnight.
Sami grabbed Layla by her shirt.
Sami took Layla's purse.
Sami fell on his knees.
Sami Bakir is the top investigator.
Sami's revelations rocked the case.
Sami read all the expert literature about that.
Sami is a former defense attorney.
Sami's wristwatch was on the wrong wrist.
Sami has a history of depression.
Sami had suicidal thoughts.
Sami tried to commit suicide with a bottle of pills.
Sami said that to his father.
Sami took some pills.
Sami had a change of heart.
Sami went straight home after leaving the hotel.
Sami confirmed Layla's account.
Sami discovered an error.
Sami's last cellphone ping came from a cellphone tower in Cairo.
Sami was fixated on finding out every detail.
Sami called that night.
Sami's statements were quite accurate.
Sami was at odds with Layla.
Sami was left with questions.
Sami has never been in Layla's car.
Sami was found lying in a blood-stained bed.
Sami left his life of a drug addict behind.
Sami killed his wife through jealousy and rage.
Sami was acting like a zombie.
Sami's story was enough to convince the jury that Layla was guilty.
Sami's life is scarred for ever by the day his mom didn't come home.
Sami has never been in trouble his whole life.
Sami graduated from high school in 2006.
Sami locked himself in the bedroom all weekend.
Sami locked himself in the bedroom and drank all weekend.
Sami's glass was on the nightstand.
Sami and Layla set up camp here.
Sami snorted a condom.
Sami gambled on his own risky business.
Sami was allowed to change his identity.
Sami played matchmaker.
Sami and Layla are getting ready for a night on the town.
Sami remembers the first moment he met Layla.
Sami and Layla are like any other couple in love.
Sami had his body transformed with gender reassignment surgery.
Sami was born a she.
Sami is a man even if he has breasts or a vagina.
Sami has struggled with gender identity since he was a toddler.
Sami wanted to be a girl.
Sami said he wanted his penis off.
Sami was an extremely feminine boy.
Sami danced like a ballerina.
Sami had a gay son.
Sami dreamed himself wearing a dress.
Sami lives just sixteen miles away.
Sami and Layla both felt like outcast.
Sami's lights were out.
Sami tried to drown himself in a pool.
Sami was transgender.
Sami grew his hair.
Sami searched the Internet for answers.
Sami broke the news to his mother.
Sami and Farid swapped clothes.
Sami was an idiot on the Internet.
Sami hurt himself for entertainment.
Sami became a celebrity.
Sami was the class clown.
Sami was a teen in trouble.
Sami was inhaling alcohol.
Sami went racing down this road at a miles an hour.
Sami was driving towards Layla at miles an hour.
Sami cannot protect his kids from seeing these sorts of videos.
Sami is trying to adjust to a life that will now be lived in a wheelchair.
Sami is a highly-paid lecturer.
Sami was so outraged by Layal's tone.
Sami wanted to have sex with Layla.
Sami found that word particularly offensive.
Sami is a hard-partying college kid.
Sami came from a deeply-devout conservative family.
Sami saw the flyer.
Sami studied at a public school.
Sami's talk was boycotted.
Sami couldn't believe his ears.
Sami had sex before he was married.
Sami continued to stir up the hornets' nest.
Sami filed an injunction against the school board.
Sami was shocked that people would respond that way.
Sami is the school superintendent.
Sami is a hero.
Sami knew in his heart that he was right.
Sami was at risk.
Sami declined our request for an interview.
Sami became a lawyer.
Sami wanted to be a vehicle for social change.
Sami is living the lifestyle of the rich.
Sami and Layla were having fun.
Sami posted that on Facebook.
Sami posted photos on his Facebook page.
Sami is hanging out on a yacht in Egypt.
Sami is a ridiculously rich teenager.
Sami has a mansion in Monaco.
Sami likes to upload his photos onto Instagram.
Sami is just sixteen and he's still at school.
Sami posts snapshots of his on Facebook every day.
Sami almost had a pop career with a single called "I'm a Punk."
Sami is a designer.
Sami will be a fashion model.
Sami looked at Layla's face.
Sami was posing with a horse.
Sami drives a Ford Focus.
Sami founded an investment company.
Sami is waiting in this parking lot.
Sami doesn't want anyone else using his computer.
Sami is a classic scholar.
Sami is an acclaimed pianist.
Sami got an opportunity.
Sami wanted to make his company big.
Sami gave Layla money.
Sami never wears business suits.
Sami was struggling to get a BA.
Sami hatched a new idea.
Sami refused to pay the bill.
Sami and Layla were planning to spend the holiday weekend together.
Sami heard Layla's cries for help.
Sami was trapped under the truck.
Sami's chest was crushed.
Sami has just found his son's body.
Sami was found dead in the garage.
Sami grew up on a family farm.
Sami had taken out a life insurance policy just a month before he died.
Sami planned his son's death.
Sami's father is a sociopath.
Sami's death was cold-blooded murder.
Sami's killer was inside his own home. It's his wife.
Sami is a mechanic but he doesn't like to go under cars.
Sami cashed in his insurance claims.
Sami received an insurance payout of sixteen thousand dollars.
Sami told police another horrific tale.
Sami had a wire underneath his clothing.
Sami lived in a small town in Egypt.
Sami was the beneficiary of a two hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy.
Sami's mother was an amazing woman.
Sami asked Layla the same question over and over again.
Stand at attention.
Sami was in the bathroom.
Everyone is different, and you, more so than others.
Sami saw the flames.
Don't be modest.
Can I exchange this?
Do you have the receipt?
Sami repaired a broken window in the bathroom.
Sami was murdering his own family members for money.
What is the degree of heft?
What smells funky?
Hot garbage.
Is this gold?
Don't undress.
Where is my cap?
Sami was seeing a shrine.
Can you wash my clothes?
Why are you indifferent?
Sami and Layla ate dinner at a local restautant.
What is your favorite show?
I should have knocked.
Sami caught Layla on tape confessing to Farid's murder.
This came for you in the mail.
The sink is full of dishes.
I want steak tonight.
Do you want cheese on your salad?
How many eggs?
We've ran out of syrup.
More bacon please.
Do you have any wrapping paper.
I made you a birthday cake.
Sami took advantage of the situation.
You can re-gift the present if you don't want it.
Please turn the heater on.
Make a left here.
Time for inspection.
Pull over.
Back it up.
Dump everything here.
Pick this up.
Sami took advantage of the opportunity.
Sami agreed to meet his ex-wife again.
Wait for your turn.
It's not yours to say.
Please don't question.
There's been an accident at the crossroads.
The doctor is on his way.
Sami was in the interrogation room.
Bandage the wound.
Sami talked about the death of his own son.
Sami was crushed to death under a pickup truck.
Sami is sitting inside this interrogation room across from interrogators.
I promise I will.
Sami came home from a funeral.
Does she have to know?
When will you let me know?
Sami took medication that might have altered his behavior that day.
I look forward to speaking with you.
Let me know if anything changes.
Sami told police six different versions of the same story.
Sami was in the county jail.
She's pregnant again.
Sami became responsible and had manners.
Why do you disrespect me?
Where is my bag?
Sami was charged with murder in the second degree.
What is up with this?
Sami murdered his first wife, Layla.
Sami is sitting in a prison cell.
Sami was watching a movie.
Sami's revelations cracked the case wide open.
Sami is a devoted husband.
Sami was such a good guy.
Sami was a heavy smoker.
What exactly is porridge?
Sami was a drinker in the past.
Sami never saw a doctor.
Sami didn't have any enemies.
What a dump!
Sami is from the bayou.
Sami had a small suitcase.
You expect me to eat this?
Can I have some more?
Sami called Layla every evening.
Sami is a Texas cowboy.
What time will it be when we arrive?
Sami suffered severe internal damage.
I'm getting very hungry.
Sami fixed the circuit breaker.
Sami's answers offered little help.
Can it fit on the head of a pin?
Sami entered the hotel with beer.
I sat on a needle.
I love noodles.
It's too salty.
Sami took control over the situation.
Can you pass the salt?
Sami is a former Toronto cop.
How many stars?
Sami had a passion for crime solving.
I'm a baby.
Sami was on a golf course.
Can I come along?
Sami started from scratch.
Wake me up before you leave.
Sami took a closer look at the autopsy report.
Can you wash my jeans?
Sami left his glasses in the hotel room.
I don't have anything smaller.
Will this make a difference?
I'm sorry I spoke.
This won't matter in the end.
What was I expecting?
Sami had an aha moment.
Break it up.
Sami broke that rule.
Ask me again.
So now you see!
Sami's body is cold and the leads are even colder.
Again with the...
Sami was making some popcorn in the microwave.
Ask for forgiveness.
I expect an apology.
Sami shut off the air conditioning.
When I was a child, we respected our elders.
Sami told that to his co-workers.
Please don't talk to me.
Sami heard a gun going off.
What would it matter in the long run?
How am I expected to help?
What is her sickness?
Sami is an electrician.
What now?
Sami was killed by a bullet fired from a neighboring building.
OK, I'm coming.
Apologize and then go to your room.
The dog ran away.
Sami has got a problem.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for that.
Sami began to reveal the pieces of the puzzle.
Sami had a handgun in his pickup truck.
I love coleslaw.
Look at the mule.
Sami quickly packed up the gun and returned it to the safe.
Can we stop for breakfast?
Sami's body was carried out on a gurney.
Someday, soon.
Sami is the shooter.
Break me off a piece.
Did you smoke it all?
Where is the remote?
Sami was watching Batman.
You're watching too much TV.
Sami was disgusted with Layla's behavior.
Sami lost Layla's trust.
Turn here.
Give up.
Sami died of natural causes.
Why must you do this?
Sami died from a seizure.
Why are you drinking in the morning?
Sami was in the ER.
Do you want more coffee?
Sami was a devout church organist.
What will you have for breakfast?
Sami had a strange way of expressing sympathy.
What a way to begin the day.
Whew, that was close.
I almost had an accident.
Someone was killed.
Sami was involved in a family plot to kill Layla.
They're searching for the body.
He fell down the ravine.
I was not expecting that.
Sami lived in the Bible Belt.
You're a big boy now.
Sami embodied that unholy mix of holy water and drugs.
Sami was messing with destiny.
Please save some for later.
Don't eat this all in one sitting.
He's bashful.
Sami is Farid's close buddy.
The cat is afraid of children.
Do you have exact change?
Sami was praying at church.
Sami had autism.
Bananas are high in potassium.
Do you have any granola left?
We're traveling light.
Sami is an exceptional human being.
What is this here?
OK, I'll explain.
Sami is finally having his moment in the spotlight.
Let up.
Sami showed up at my door on Saturday.
Where did I place that?
Where is my mind?
Sami was cremated and his ashes were scattered at a lake.
Sami played the song.
Sami moved his family to a new neighborhood and a larger home.
There'll be lots of explaining to do.
Sami's bad fortunes were just beginning.
I wasn't expecting a show.
Sami was a man with a mission.
What is this -- show and tell?
Sami hoped to put that sadness behind him.
One question.
Sami lives across the street.
Its bark is worse than its bite.
They've closed up.
When did the store fail?
Sami found Layla in bed without a pulse.
You have an important letter in the mail.
Sami's death is due to prior medical issues.
Sami took his 26-year old daughter to the emergency room.
Can you give me answer?
Where to?
Sami's kidneys shut down.
How often?
Chicken again?
So it goes.
Sami hoped for divine intervention.
Enough already.
This is exasperating.
Sami was floored by Layla's Facebook post.
I'll move the car.
Sami is also in the hospital with flu-like symptoms.
So this is how it ends.
Sami visited the hospital.
Your package is on its way.
Hooray, I get to sleep in.
Sami voluntarily came to the station for an interview.
I can't afford to miss it.
Sami discussed Layla's critical condition.
Did you request this?
This is not our policy.
So many questions, so little time.
Sami died last year of a heart attack.
I won't apologize.
Sami wouldn't quit smoking.
Why did she ask?
So much confusion!
Please move your car.
Your car is blocking the drive.
Don't park there.
You have a flat.
Sami is a quiet God-fearing man.
Sami fronted a blues band.
Sami's kidneys and brain failed.
You can't make a career out of it.
Sami would drink and smoke pot.
Or, can you?
Sabotage!
Jump up and help her!
Sami revealed cracks in the foundation of his seemingly picture-perfect family.
Not you again...
In your dreams...
Suppose I told you...
Sami's decision was suicidal.
She's not feeling well.
She died in her sleep.
Well, I'm done.
Sami dropped a bomb in the interrogation room.
Sami was drinking antifreeze.
Sami is a gifted musician.
Sami was behind bars.
Sami confessed to the killing of Layla.
Sami had a book on poisons.
Sami's house was in disarray.
Sami gave Layla a tour inside the house.
Sami had many laptops.
Sami gave a coke to Layla.
Sami wrote that in his journal.
Sami returned in a different mood.
Sami had a lot of bad dreams about his mother dying.
Sami wasn't buying Layla's story or her tears.
Sami was also Mother's little helper.
Sami carefully planned and researched all options.
Sami even explored witchcraft.
Sami wanted a tasteless poison.
Sami turned his attention to Layla.
Sami is now under arrest.
Sami's sister was hospitalized.
Sami's fellow church members were shocked.
Sami blew the whistle on Layla.
Sami is our pastor, the leader of our flock.
Sami is awaiting trial.
Sami regained consciousness.
Sami survived a vicious poisoning.
Sami died just six months later.
Sami was part of the plot.
Sami killed his dad and brother.
Sami is the youngest member of the gang.
Sami learned to accept his new reality.
Sami threw his mom under the bus.
Sami was sent to death row.
Sami was in court.
Sami entered the courtroom his back against the wall.
Sami was callous to the end.
Sami harbored no ill-will.
Sami loves going to concerts with Layla.
Sami, a rock singer, was more pathetic than poetic.
Sami was sentenced to life in prison with a possibility of parole when he's sixty-six.
Sami moved down from Connecticut to Florida.
Sami lived a privileged life thanks to his parents.
Sami was hiding secrets.
Sami will inherit a million dollars in life insurance if his parents are dead.
Sami's years of fantasy finally came to life.
Sami is working at this hospital as a volunteer.
Sami was sentenced to life with a minimum of years.
Sami was sentenced to life with no chance of parole for a minimum of years.
Sami's execution was a sad ending to a sad and desperate life.
Sami was leading two lives under two different roofs.
Sami went from village life in Egypt to metropolitan life in Toronto, Canada.
Sami hired a killer to get rid of the only witness.
Sami hired two hitmen.
Sami's hair is so beautiful.
Sami gave Layla thousands of dollars.
Sami is a professional liar and a thief.
Sami and Farid are best friends.
Sami is from the coroner's office.
Sami was caught in an elaborate sting.
Sami said he loved animals.
Sami came to pick up his check.
Sami spilled the beans to Layla.
Sami's body was in an advanced state of decomposition.
Sami's body was decomposing in that closet.
Sami died of asphyxiation.
You fell asleep with your glasses on.
It's the end of the line.
What is this doing here?
Please don't chew food with your mouth open.
I'm not paying.
I don't like the price.
What's the situation here?
Can we find a dog-friendly restaurant?
Sami's body showed signs of struggle.
Don't tip it over!
Sami purchased a wig.
They rolled their car into a ditch.
Sami decided to ignore his right to remain silent.
Call a tow truck, please.
She may not survive.
Power, wisdom, patience and innovation. Do you possess all these? Thou who wishes to wear the crown shall bear its burden.
Sami finished his meal.
I've been saving these for you.
Sami left before the music stopped.
I'm half Apache.
Sami wanted to visit Florida's Atlantic coast.
Sami killed his roommate, Farid.
I'll be expecting your resignation.
Sounds like a soap opera.
Sami has hatched a plan of his own.
Is it expensive?
Would it be too much to ask?
Sami and Layla spoke multiple times that day.
Step gingerly.
Sami's undercover camera was rolling.
Sami ordered a pizza.
It's too spicy.
Sami hired a professional makeup artist.
You have no sympathy.
You're a selfish bitch.
Sami looks pretty much like a corpse.
No wonder your husband left.
Sami's hands are bound.
I can't stand this much longer.
Where's the payoff?
Drop everything.
Sami was slapped with new murder charges.
Jump up, sit down...
Sami is facing the death penalty.
Sami was bitten by a viper.
Don't be so brash.
Sami has done enough talking.
We'll change cars.
I'm on my way to the airport.
Sami was terrorized by anonymous letters.
Can you give me a ride to the airport?
Sami secretly terrorized his neighbors, sending them anonymous death threats.
Sami was coaching the team.
When are you stopping this charade?
Sami's daughter goes to dance school every other day.
It's a cancer and it's growing.
Flip it over.
Sit up.
Sami doesn't need to play baseball anymore.
Make this shine.
Sami remained the coach.
Clean up this place.
Stop farting.
Sami had intimate knowledge of Layla's daily life.
I don't have an issue with that.
It was old hat.
Too soon?
Sami will take the bait.
Take a shower before getting into bed with me.
Hold me, I'm cold.
I need a little sunshine.
Sami was released from jail after serving his sentence.
Can we look at it tomorrow?
Sami is a pastry chef.
If only things had been different.
As the world turns...
Sami is an aspiring pastry chef.
He's lost his sight.
He's gone blind.
Sami's beloved chihuahua has died.
What are the local laws on livestock?
Sami felt like his whole world was falling apart.
Can you come back tomorrow?
We're closing soon.
Too sweet.
Sami stole Layla's belongings.
Can I borrow your hammer?
Sami is not very good at hiding his gullibility.
Do you have a screwdriver?
Sami cut ties with Layla.
I imagine a little hamlet in a valley...
Sami was even a guest at Layla's wedding.
Sami stole Layla's passport.
He's a crusty old man.
Sami bought six airline tickets.
Sami was studying pediatrics.
Tongue in cheek, so to say...
Sami read Layla Biblical verses.
Back 'er up.
Gotta drop a deuce.
Sami stole thousands of dollars.
Sami is on the run.
Sami kept Instagramming his whereabouts.
Almost home...
Sami set up a Facebook page dedicated to finding Layla.
It was pancaked.
Sami's mother died of breast cancer.
Sami wanted his daughter to live the American dream.
Another small plane crash?
Sami has access to Layla's room.
It was the fifth one today.
Pull over and let me out.
Sami deleted his social media accounts.
Sami googled Layla Bakir's name.
It's trash day.
Sami stole Layla's life savings.
It's more responsibility than she can handle.
We need to know in advance next time this happens.
Any allergies?
Sami preyed on Layla's openness and vulnerability.
Did you have a reaction?
Let me look at your rash.
Sami pled guilty to one count of first degree theft.
It won't hurt for long.
Sami was ordered to pay restitution.
She was up sick all night.
She's resting.
Poor girl.
If I'd only known...
What could be worse?
Sami has been distant and depressed for weeks.
Brace for impact!
Sami seemed his usual outgoing self.
Sami and Layla got married at an informal ceremony.
Sami didn't go to Layla's wedding.
Sami served Layla food.
Sami hasn't been over in a while.
All except you.
You look dashing.
Sami was teaching advanced chemistry at the University of Cairo.
They singled me out.
What's my line?
Sami made a memorable first impression.
Do you expect me to lie?
He's evil.
Sami strayed from the righteous path.
This isn't my job!
Sami's worship turned from God to girls.
It's my first day.
You're wanted in the kitchen.
Sami fell in love.
Put your feet up if you want.
Put your feet down!
Sami entered a new world of seduction and sex.
Get off of there!
Stop your whining!
Explain yourself!
Sami was a couple of months old.
Sami touched the knife to check if it was sharp enough.
Is this how you want to be remembered?
Sami was only a third of the way through his plan.
I'll be happy when I'm dead.
Sami lost his will.
How lucky.
Sami wanted to stop the pain.
What a trooper!
Give it your all.
Sami got lots of effective psychotherapy in prison.
Put your chin up.
Get back out there.
Stop them!
Defense! Go team! Stop 'em!
Sami and Layla gave each other kisses on the phone.
Pass the ball!
Do you get to travel often?
Sami was about to be arrested by the FBI.
Can you reach?
Put this back up there.
I can't get down.
Sami knew his act was cowardly.
Sami endured years of suffering.
When will you know?
Can we just stop arguing for a moment?
There's no justice in this world.
So melodramatic!
Sami witnessed his father's failure.
Why so melancholy?
He's from a different time.
Sami told that to a nurse.
I don't understand their culture.
This is all backward to me.
Sami fell into a deep sleep for a few hours.
All of this?
Sami considered himself the center of the universe.
I'm learning something new everyday.
Sami was charged with six counts of first degree murder.
Great expectations.
Sami wrote Layla a note.
Change the light.
Sami wanted to save his skin.
Open this door!
She's locked herself in her room.
Sami was taking a powerful drug.
Push it under the door.
I'm not coming out.
Please don't ask me!
Sami dissipated his rage through the use of violence.
I've had it!
She's mentally ill.
We don't know what she's been through.
Sami bought a shovel from a Walmart.
Addiction is a disease.
What's Latin?
Sami paid cash.
This was in your closet.
Sami googled suspicious terms.
Where can I hide this booze?
Sami did another search on Google.
Sami completed his research.
I found all sorts of beer bottles in the garage.
Sami's backpack, containing his wallet, was found in the marsh.
Sami was out there in the woods.
Sami is the snitch.
Sami was put on suicide watch for six weeks.
Well, maybe we can.
Sami tried to poison Layla with a mixture of sleeping pills and pesticides.
Can you go back?
Sami completed his masterpiece.
Sami didn't make any comment about that.
When will they finish the construction?
Sami led cops to the place where he had buried Layla.
Can you return my personal belongings?
I'm never returning.
It was the worst experience.
Take it outside!
Sami is the only witness the defense called.
You wanna go?
Sami tried to charm the jurors.
Come at me!
Sami talked about his efforts to win Layla back.
She cut him open with a knife.
She's gone mad.
They locked her up.
She's in prison now.
Sami descended into a life of despair.
How did she get away with that?
She's on the lam.
Sami and Layla's scuffle became intense inside the car.
Can I get a seat on the next flight?
Sami was discovered face down in a shallow grave.
Sami made a curious choice.
Sami made the long drive to Cairo.
Sami lived in the middle of nowhere.
She didn't say.
Such a particular moment!
Sami is a cynical murderer.
On what planet?
This is ass backwards!
Sami was laid to rest.
What are you hiding in there?
Sami grew up in a sleepy lumber town.
How much does it weigh?
Sami talked to the minister.
Excuse me, lady.
Sami was an Evangelist.
Sami sang the gospel.
It was a different time and a different world.
Sami's favorite hymn is Amazing Grace.
Sami was singing his favorite hymn, Amazing Grace.
Sami was a prominent member of the medical community.
Sami might have fallen down the stairs.
I like William Hung.
Sami gave Layla migraine medicine.
Do you have any cash on you?
Sami has been spending his nights on the couch.
Sami was on the ground.
Sami was happy to see his inlaws.
I need an excuse.
Pick up some melons while you're out.
Sami had a migraine headache.
Do you have any scissors?
I need some tape.
Sami broke a flowerpot.
Sami was out of town at a doctor's appointment.
Sami noticed a spot on the wall.
Sami noticed a red spot on the sheet.
Make yourself scarce.
Sami was out at a religious meeting.
It's episodic.
Sami didn't leave a dime to his wife.
Sami read some of Layla's journal entries.
Quick, hide behind the tree.
Put it away.
Sami found out about Layla's lover.
It started a fire.
Sami arranged to meet Detective Bakir to tell him about that.
That looks like a gang sign.
Sami buried Layla in this cemetery.
Sami showed Layla an old yellowing newspaper article.
I'll throttle him!
Don't panic, yet.
It's not a sure thing.
OK, back up.
Change your shirt.
Sami told police an incredible story.
Sami smelt smoke.
You're at the top of the list.
Sami checked Layla's feet.
Sami smelt diesel.
Sami found a can of diesel fuel in Layla's room.
I'll be thinking of you.
Sami was arrested, tried and convicted of arson.
It's a probability.
Sami invented a story to cover his tracks.
It's catchy.
Nice moves!
Get on the dance floor.
Sami is not a choir boy.
There's no excuse for this.
There's a hole in his head.
You're my sunshine.
Sami took the money to the bank.
What a pleasant day!
Sami had no proof.
I'm going out for my constitutional.
Please, no more beans.
Do the walk.
Sami tried to kill Layla with a mallet.
Sami hit Layla in the back of the head with a mallet.
Sami covered Layla's nose and mouth.
Sami slipped in the tub.
Sami got stung by jellyfish.
Tastes like chicken.
Sami hit Layla over the head with a mallet.
So dramatic!
It's got an edge to it.
Create a distraction.
Is she athletic?
Can you spell it for me?
Sami had only one serious injury.
Does this look silly?
Sami tripped at the bottom of the stairs.
Can you proofread this?
Where is your paper?
Sami didn't hear any screaming.
I've had too much coffee.
I saw your new pictures online.
Sami is at peace.
Sami turned down our request for an interview.
Sami was having an affair with Layla's mother.
That's so hot.
I need to get outside.
Sami found Layla in a fast-food parking lot.
Why are you missing class?
Did you hand it in?
Did you ask for amnesty?
I can't forgive you yet.
Maybe someday.
Sami is living on food stamps.
Sami was buried in a family plot.
He's the fountainhead.
What is the source of this?
I hope you appreciate this.
Can you listen for once?
I'll be working late.
This is a situation I don't want to deal with now.
He's the same as he was.
For the seventeenth time!
Please clap for me.
That stings.
He's a star.
That explains that.
I need a leather jacket.
I'm not getting you another thing.
I'm past that.
Turn around and help me.
Slow up.
Please stop telling me the same story.
We've heard it before.
It's nothing new.
Wrap it up and put a bow on it.
How do you live with yourself?
What is your favorite band?
Do you hunt?
I don't like my body type.
Go faster.
It's crooked.
These don't line up.
Can I have another?
Let's clean up.
This will be difficult to explain.
There's an issue with this.
It's not what I was expecting.
There was some fallout.
There's been a policy change.
He lost the paperwork.
The latch is broken.
She left the gate open and the dog ran away.
Is there a cure?
What can be said?
I've seen better years.
There's a question of integrity.
I won't be asking twice.
There's only so much I can take.
He's joined a gang.
There's practically nothing left.
Thanks for getting back to me.
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
He's feeling a lot better.
What are you doing bro?
Don't be so particular!
I am not asking.
It's the principle of the thing.
Like you have a choice.
Don't box me in.
Separate yourself from me.
Let go.
Soup's on.
I won't make excuses for you.
You were different then.
There's no place for me.
I've been unseated.
Can you shield me from this?
How can I explain?
You need to exercise your rights.
I need to charge it.
Staring into the emptiness...
Picking up the pieces...
Cover yourself!
What's falling from there?
Is anyone home?
I won't be home for long.
Bunch it up.
I'm collecting.
Can you sign this birthday card?
You've stepped in dog shit.
Leave your shoes outside.
No shoes in the house!
Get some water for the dog!
The leg is broken.
It's in pieces.
There's no end in sight.
Where can I find peace?
Endless! I can't stand these politicians and their bullshit.
Against my will?
Never!
Do you like banjos?
Do you want to go out this evening?
Everyone has gone crazy.
Stop taking pictures!
We have leftovers.
Here, feel this.
Does it look infected?
Pickles on your sandwich?
Stop with the gluten!
Stop for moment.
Please reflect on this.
When will you understand?
The world is revolving.
It's all been uncovered.
To be discovered...
The air is crisp.
Eat the fruit before it goes bad.
There's sand in the bed.
I love the sound of the ocean.
Don't leave it here.
Nothing is here.
Muse, recount to me the reasons; what deity was offended, or what was the queen of the gods grieving, that she should drive a man extraordinary in his piety to undergo so many misfortunes, to endure so many hardships. Do the heavenly spirits have such passions?
Don't move too fast.
Let it show.
You're drifting off.
It's in the cellar.
Perhaps we could go for an evening stroll. And then afterwards we can get something to eat.
I'm just thinking...
I was concerned about your welfare.
Again with this?
There's no way of securing it.
It's a masterwork!
Don't close me off.
Exercise everyday.
My throat is sore.
Help me with this.
Come closer so I can give you a hug.
Where's my favorite nephew?
She hit a high note.
What swagger!
Hold up.
Back up there.
Were did I leave my spectacles?
Online shopping can be a huge ripoff.
The jar looked much larger on the website.
It's been defaced.
It's all frayed.
The collar is worn out.
The leash broke.
We need more puppy pads.
These are expensive!
You've been more than helpful.
We'll make bank.
Is it valuable information?
I can't stand these advertisements.
I'm no good.
When will it be available?
I've seen the light.
So many memories...
I'm scared for him.
He's so pale.
It's crushing me.
Death take me.
I used to dream.
I've given up hope.
Grasp my hand.
Kiss me goodnight.
It's just so novel!
It's a wonderment!
Oh, baby!
Tender kisses.
Slide over here next to me.
I used to pray.
The darkness is gone.
Close your mind.
Why is that so shocking?
Catch up!
Slow your horses!
On top of that!
Don't let your excitement show!
Walking free.
The opportunities here are boundless!
I'm in a groove.
Tongue and groove.
It's so smooth.
The sea looks menacing.
Far, far away.
He's suicidal.
You can chime in here.
What's your two cents?
You've never told me that.
There will be expectations.
Can you slow down a minute?
I can't search that fast.
He was uplifted.
He's been an inspiration to us all.
I'm feeling crabby.
Egah, it's vile!
What is this mush?
I lost my head there.
I don't want to sit around for hours.
Pick up the microphone.
Get up, you slacker!
Some of the best in the world.
Dig deeper.
There's a moral to the story.
That sound is dated.
I'm crazy for you.
It goes deeper than that.
Will you be able to attend?
Where are you located?
What's the closest cross street?
Do you see a landmark?
How long will you be?
Sit up straight!
Don't hit me!
There's too much violence for me.
When will this song end?
Boring!
I'm not against it.
The server is the size of a matchbox.
What happened to this?
Can it get worse?
Choke up on the bat.
Adjust your grip.
It's too humid for me.
Is it closed?
Instant feedback!
When will you open?
It's so nice to be amongst friends.
It was insane!
I've been locked up too long.
I'm a poor boy from a poor family.
Do you know how to sail?
Can you navigate?
Apply some leverage!
I can't see the end of it.
I ain't got nobody.
I can't feel my extremities.
He broke his back.
Secure this money somewhere.
Go take a shower.
It's been sliced clean off.
Do I hear an echo in here?
Close the windows.
I want a small, white dog.
My love is eternal.
It's bleeding heavily.
It's a set up!
He's bleeding to death.
I didn't look up.
I fell in the stream.
I can't wake up from this dream.
There was a river of blood spilled.
She offered me an apple.
Apply a soft touch.
Can you ask for me?
I'm feeling chipper.
How did you get those scabs?
Do not eat your scabs!
You are absolutely not allowed to leave this house.
You're grounded, mister.
Hold your head up.
Chest out!
Cat hair everywhere!
I can't tell when it's day or night.
It's so dark out there.
It's a full moon tonight.
Push off!
Catch the rope!
It's too slippery.
Pick me up.
Pink milk, pink milk!
My voice is tired.
I don't want to got to bed.
I can't tell the difference.
All she asks is that you apologize.
I've found a safe harbor.
Watch me walk into the distance.
Clean up this clutter!
The new year will bring changes.
Next year.
He just parachuted in.
No questions asked...
How common is this?
Are you seeing this?
Let me back up here.
Please explain.
I have no confidence in you.
It's so cold.
Take me.
He has nausea.
Wrap him up tight.
He's such a sweet boy.
Add no more.
Let me survey the situation.
Don't strain yourself!
I feel lightheaded.
Don't lose consciousness!
He's been huffing.
They're engaged at the moment.
What are you -- a vampire?
His elaborate designs.
Pinch a little.
I don't like this style.
I'm seeing things.
I think I have a concussion.
I was saved.
Old times!
Watch it hover!
Next time.
This weekend, I promise.
She has beautiful hair.
She bought another handbag.
I long for tenderness.
I can't peer into the future.
Ask your peers.
That was big of you.
He's a top performer.
The clouds broke before me.
Hold me closer.
Watching the clouds go by.
Hold out hope.
When evil truly dies...
I'm walking in a dream.
It's in the back of my head.
I won't be held accountable!
This tree is full of thorns!
Don't kill the vibe.
Box this up.
Can I have half a pound?
Can't you just sit awhile?
No more goodbyes.
You've hurt me deeply.
It's retro.
Should I take her?
I haven't been down there since '35.
I'm all used up.
I want to feel the sunlight on my skin.
See the sunlight on the ocean.
He bristled at the sight of me.
You can have me.
I'm lacking something.
I have my misgivings.
I must take leave.
That's an old song.
You've truly lost your way.
It's been so long...
It wasn't my suggestion.
I'll pick you up soon.
Please stop by for a visit.
I have a magical feeling.
I can't seem to touch it.
I've been bending over backwards.
Look at the moon!
There's not much time.
I feel a dark presence.
Don't represent me.
No, you don't have my approval.
Change gears.
Take this once a day.
Strengthen yourself.
You must persevere.
Stop dreaming and open your eyes.
I was sick and broken.
Raise your flag!
I was sick and lonely.
The door is coming off this.
That was exceptional.
My ear is burning.
Adjust your sights.
Change course.
I've waited all of my life.
I'm on my tiptoes!
Throw the ball!
That was close!
Did you feel a vibration?
OK, I'll allow it.
Just this once.
Can you pull yourself together?
Will I ever walk again?
I have no balance.
I'm having intense vertigo.
The trees are swaying in the wind.
Willow trees are so beautiful when they are blooming with yellow flowers.
I saw my reflection in the stream.
I can't tune into the radio station. The tuning knob is broken on the radio.
There's no remorse.
Do you know how to pickle?
This will kill the bacteria.
Let the dog out.
The cat wants in.
I've been married before.
Long suffering!
Based on what facts?
That pomegranate molasses is enchanted.
He crashed into a tree.
We are asked not to question.
On the authority of whom?
I need to break these chains.
Have I accidentally created a magical elixir?
Can you grill the meat?
Would you like salad?
We need to buy a grill.
No, take your time.
He's overloaded.
It won't budge!
It's getting blurry out here.
I think I'll just linger awhile.
It was effortless.
I've got a lump stuck in my throat.
Bactrian camels can survive both extremely hot and extremely cold weather.
I need to pick up the kids.
Bactrian camels have two humps on their back.
He's not on my level.
There's a tiny fragment that's broken off.
Bactrian camels served as pack animals for the caravans on the Silk Road.
Can you alphabetize these quickly?
Keep up the pace.
Bactrian camels can drink up to liters of water at once.
I'm sliding.
Did you see a flash of light?
It will take awhile.
You tend to get it right.
Let it fall into place.
There's only so much time...
Search from the beginning.
He's still got a broken heart.
I discovered poetry.
Somewhere behind your eyes.
Her eyes sent me a green spark.
I feel like a leper.
Just below that ridge.
Park it here and follow me.
Just now I realized something.
Build me up and don't tear me down.
It's hard to find a reason.
I wish there could be another way.
How heartbreaking...
Blue whales are the largest animals that have ever lived on Earth.
Reach out if you need anything.
The Gobi desert is a cold desert.
Will you change your mind?
Blue whales feed on krill.
I'm disappearing into darkness again.
He found the poem and dropped the booze.
The Gobi Desert is expanding at an alarming rate.
I felt his presence near me.
She's a catch.
The penguin jumped out of the water.
What a wonderful moment.
The penguin was eaten by a polar bear.
You must make the bacteria inside you happy.
I can't take the overarching pain.
I'm scheduling a meeting for later next week.
Superconductors are materials through which electricity can flow without any resistance, when they are cooled below their critical temperature.
I'm not sure I can share.
The dolphins jumped out of the water.
I'm getting impatient.
I'm not sure I can wait much longer.
It's fallen under the bed.
I found it yesterday.
I lost my ring.
It's stuck in the tree.
I'm not sure I can descend from there.
Watch how he scrambles up the hillside.
Where's the molasses?
Only yogurt can improve this.
It's cut to the bone.
I'm in a holding zone.
Promises, promises!
What's the ransom?
I'm tongue tied.
I'm on a merry-go-round.
Dazzle your eyes on this!
He's running out of steam.
I'm not familiar with the genre.
A Christmas Carol was first published in 1843.
Tom, may I speak to you outside?
May I speak to you outside?
May I speak to you outside for a minute?
Beethoven's tempo was strange because his metronome was broken.
You left the refrigerator open!
Can I speak?
I don't need any favors.
Did you discharge a weapon?
I've been banished.
Take it easy on me.
What are the prospects?
It'll need to be configured.
Not a chance!
They fingerprinted me.
That's just brutal.
Did you find his record?
He's wanted.
He has a criminal past.
It'll be a challenge for him.
Do you think he can really change?
He's more idealistic than most.
DNA is magical.
What's your story, bud?
What can I get you, bud?
What is your return policy?
You have a delivery.
You must disassociate yourself from them.
The secret to success is a love of language.
Don't let your vocabulary whither.
He burst into the room crying.
I like experimental rock.
Hold steady.
On the outside, you'll change your mind.
I'm feeling nothing.
Correct your course!
Your skin feels like sandpaper.
You've given yourself an autoimmune disease.
Gather his things together.
Why did it come to this?
Why must this transpire?
I cannot control my thirst, my desire...
All is forbidden here.
Abandon all hope.
Only the righteous stand erect.
He cast a shadow.
This is pitiful!
Can you quench your desire?
Open your mind and close your wallet.
It was practical at one time.
Please fold your clothes.
Have you written any new songs?
I just discovered a new band.
The dog wants to sit in the sun.
It's the simple things.
Protect me from myself.
Guide me.
He died from injuries sustained in a skateboarding accident.
They're melting!
He reached out to me.
He never called back.
I don't understand his thinking.
Where can I find solace?
This is my sanitorium.
Wait for it.
Don't say goodbye.
Was there ever a chance?
Why do you torment me?
I met the man in my dream.
The bed is whirling around.
I crashed down the hill.
I hit every branch on the way down.
It's too steep a climb.
And now you come crawling to me?
Is this some type of black magic?
Cast out the devil, fool!
I'd like to formally apologize.
I'm sorry for your grief.
He was loved by everyone.
If only for awhile...
Let the dust settle.
Now you've stirred things up!
Are you bitter?
Can you forgive them?
Pick up the phone!
Can you call my father?
She's very sick.
She may die.
He has a real issue with pronouns.
I'm coming back soon.
We're stuck at the theater.
Do you ever think about anyone else?
What is your legacy?
Everything is dust.
I need an elixir.
I've gone lo-fi.
The rain is coming down in sheets.
The rust won't stop.
Everything is the same as it was.
Don't drown in the rain.
What's with the fascist haircut?
Try it on the other way.
I won't be around when you're in town.
I haven't the time.
The world is limitless.
Every shuffle of a card deck is unique in history of the universe.
I won't be there in time.
Clear the decks.
Who wants pancakes?
Everything down the drain.
Bend the string.
You've betrayed your family.
Add this to your stack.
Rising from the mist...
It's like I have a connection to the past.
Is this something new I should be concerned about?
Are there more features?
Is this to be expected?
I can't pronounce it.
Was it important?
He's going through a stage.
He knows every cliché.
Select all contiguous sectors.
Yay! Our team won again.
Clear the field.
Are we still on for Wednesday?
He's in love with words.
I've reached my limit.
Call back.
How many slices of bacon?
We're improving over time.
Can it get better than this?
Look forward.
Can you pressure wash the sidewalks?
Those noisy leaf blowers!
The fumes are getting me.
I drove uptown.
Can you meet me downtown?
Can you buzz me in?
I like your haircut.
Are you into minimalism?
Can you show me your record collection?
Let's walk a few blocks in the snow and get Chinese food.
No, let's not get pizza.
Look at this window display.
I lost my mitten.
I'd like to forget.
The moon just stared back down at me.
Hold onto the lamppost.
My morning is clear.
Focus!
Will this cost extra?
What is this fee?
Can you remove this charge?
Was it my fault?
I was banned.
There will be an extra charge.
Will my insurance cover this?
I've stumbled.
Let's hear this new riff.
You've had a year.
It's all superimposed.
I'm supercharged!
Will there be a surcharge?
Take my hand and walk with me.
It smells like a barnyard in here.
Seal the vault.
Which time zone are you in?
Why do you get my hopes up?
I wish this would charge faster.
I'm sick of all these devices.
My blood is congealing.
Patience, my man.
Why isn't this more difficult?
Good, I'm not alone.
Yeah, baby.
Lay low.
The hour is now.
Double up.
Put it back on the shelf.
What are you trying to prove today?
My ribs are a bird cage.
What is your ultimate goal?
The end goal seems toxic to my being.
Desire is the nectar.
Does he know you know?
You've got a real talent for this.
Get into the raft.
Untie me.
Free your soul.
Is all right with you?
You're covered in sores.
Please, not that playlist again!
What a weird song...
Alright, OK.
Pledge your allegiance to this!
These new shoes are giving me blisters.
I have high arches.
Ready for seconds?
The hours, the minutes, the seconds...
Why is this so poetic.
He eschews anything mainstream.
It is interesting how this conspiracy theory author abandons all attempts at verisimilitude.
He effortlessly spews the funniest non sequiturs I've ever heard.
Get back to the middle.
These guys are pure genius.
I hope you know that fruit juice is fattening.
He's attracted to anything that moves.
I'm not sure you understand.
Get up and stretch before we leave.
I can't wait for this song to end.
He sings like a cat caught in a fan belt.
Lord, open their eyes.
I have exclusive access to this website.
I will cherish these moments forever.
Isn't it a pity?
How do quell my righteous indignation?
Can you give back?
Between Christmas and New Years Day, there's a holiday dead zone.
It feels like heaven.
When you are sad, do something creative.
Soften your tone, please.
I will I could bottle your righteousness.
It'll be a stretch for me.
The penguin sprang out of the water.
The penguin leapt out of the water.
What is your status?
The gray sky is narcotic.
Strip off the bark.
Start a fire.
Did you drink all the milk?
Buy some more fruit.
How about some creamed chipped beef on toast?
I'll need to factor that in.
Where'd you get that 70's hair?
I know this is personal, but can I wear your underwear?
Follow my finger.
The paper's borders were singed.
I wish I could skip this.
It never occurred to me.
Sami's childhood seemed perfectly normal.
Sami has black boots.
Sami was driving a white Mitsubishi.
Sami was still lying, bleeding from a gunshot wound.
Sami set goals for himself.
Sami dove into his studies.
Sami went to a nightclub to blow off some steam.
Sami gave Layla his phone number.
Sami saw Layla on several occasions in several nightclubs.
Sami called the sheriff's department.
Sami and Layla didn't break off their engagement.
Sami was hired on the spot.
Sami became an Arabic teacher.
Sami and Layla met at a local club.
Sami's car came to a screeching halt in front of Layla's house.
Sami levelled his pistol at Layla.
Sami said it was Layla that was the aggressor, not him.
Sami was writhing in agony.
Sami was shot in the leg by his girlfriend of six years.
Sami was in total disbelief.
Sami didn't know who the female was.
Sami's visit didn't completely catch Layla by surprise.
Sami didn't seem he had any remorse.
Sami pulled his gun out of fear.
Sami was in danger.
Sami gave both Layla and Salima engagement rings.
Sami has just reached his breaking point.
Sami fired the gun in a fit of rage.
Sami faced an automatic term of life in prison if convicted.
Sami did it in self-defense.
Sami shot Layla in a very sensitive area.
Sami finally took the stand.
Sami seemed to realize the seriousness of the situation.
Sami fired his weapon.
Sami was his father's pride and joy.
Sami discovered his father's terrible secret.
Sami's father is a serial killer.
Sami's road trips became a killing spree.
Sami was a murderer with a notorious nickname.
Sami's father was a monster.
Sami did the unthinkable.
Sami is talking the longest walk in his life.
Sami lives in the country.
Sami lives in a small community where the West still lives.
Sami bought Layla shiny new snow boots.
Sami ran up to his father and gave him a hug.
Sami found kittens in the barn.
Sami was working by the barn.
Sami grabbed the kittens by the tail.
Sami was a sociopath.
Sami spent his youth in Egypt.
Sami took Layla to the grocery store.
Sami was talking about his sexual acts with other women.
Sami was proud of his sexual experiences.
Sami and Layla had a conversation at a diner.
Sami made confessions over the phone.
Sami grew up in British Columbia, Canada.
Sami took Layla to see the waterfall.
Sami disposed of his first victim in the woods.
Sami told us how he did that in his own words.
Sami met Layla in a bar.
Sami did not become a suspect.
Sami embarked on a killing spree.
Sami recounted the details of his crimes with a chilling lack of emotion.
Sami wasn't a stranger to Layla.
Sami's body was discovered dumped over a highway embankment in Ontario.
Sami denied any involvement in Layla's death.
Sami received a telephone message from Layla.
Sami threw Layla's purse in the woods.
Sami banned any kind of media into his home.
Sami has got contusions.
Sami can never erase these memories.
Sami was wearing a prison outfit.
Sami got a creepy feeling.
Sami decided to keep his distance.
Sami sent Layla a birthday card.
Sami decided to take a brave step.
Sami came out of the shadows and shared his story.
Sami is somehow responsible for Layla's actions.
Sami and Layla had a lot in common.
Sami and Layla shared a common bond.
Sami got the e-mail this morning.
Sami likes this TV series.
Sami expressed his condolences.
Sami had a hard time making eye contact with Layla.
Sami unleashed his emotions.
Sami was met with anger.
Sami still feels unworthy of forgiveness.
Sami's body was found in a remote corner of Ontario, Canada.
Sami Bakir is one of the FBI's most experienced criminal profilers.
Sami spent six years in the FBI's behavioral analysis unit.
I called her three times.
Sami asked the DA to take another look at that case.
Sami listened to Layla's presentation.
He prefers even numbers.
Sami was shaking from the cold.
Travel is exhausting.
Sami's body was found in the irrigation canal.
Sami had an insatiable appetite for everything.
Give it time.
Sami's death is a medical mystery.
Sami is in the hot seat himself.
Sami Bakir has been following this case from the very start.
Sami is looking for his ball.
Sami is a meth addict.
Sami was placed in foster care at age six.
Sami called an ambulance.
Sami saw no improvement in Layla's condition.
Sami has arrived in the clinic.
Sami ate soup.
Sami ate two bowls of the soup.
Sami lay in a coma.
Sami was taken by police for questioning.
Sami is Layla's stepdad.
Sami's mattress is outside.
Sami's favorite superhero is Spiderman.
Sami used unsual forms of punishment.
Sami had a torture chamber at home.
Sami made Layla eat spoons of hot pepper.
Sami saw a porcupine in his backyard.
Sami was not a difficult child to take care of.
Sami told the jury the exact opposite.
Sami had a real obsession with eating.
Sami ate a dozen eggs.
Sami has a rare eating disorder.
Sami ate six bananas.
Sami ate a jar of pickles.
Sami ate things out of the trash.
Sami scratched his heel so much that it started to bleed.
Sami smeared the chocolate all over the wall.
Sami smeared feces everywhere.
Sami made Layla drink this horrible concoction.
Sami held Layla's mouth open.
Sami hurt others with his tongue.
Sami did that for a minute.
Sami was in the pantry.
Sami's testimony was never heard by the jury.
Sami was having a tantrum.
Sami's son was unsupervised for a brief period of time during which he ate an enormous amount of salt.
Sami said that Layla had a history of depression.
Sami withheld medical treatment in an effort to kill Layla.
Sami talked to the prosecutor.
Sami is a child development specialist.
Sami is a pediatrician.
Sami said Layla abused prescription drugs.
Sami drinks wine.
Sami's drinking influenced his conduct.
Sami wasn't the only businessman in the spotlight.
Sami's appeal was denied.
Sami is watching TV.
Sami has been doing some growing up.
Sami and Layla got back together just in time for Christmas.
Sami wrote a poem for Layla.
Sami robbed banks with Farid.
Sami is a toy inventor.
Sami can spot fakes.
Sami buys toys from this store.
Sami is a security guard.
Sami worked in an area surrounded by government buildings.
Sami has a taser.
Sami was involved in an illegal activity.
Sami was surrounded by a hostile crowd.
Sami had a Smith & Wesson.
Sami is a security officer.
Sami looks like Rambo.
Sami's tactics are completely wrong.
Sami's fight eventually landed on YouTube.
Sami works for a big department store.
Sami got the last laugh.
Sami started a blog.
Sami and Layla swapped their stories about customers.
Sami hid in the stock room.
Sami spilled his drink in the store.
Sami found a condom in the toilet.
Sami wanted to exact his revenge.
Sami called the customer service.
Sami is a savings guru.
Sami owned a chain of stores.
Sami bought the same items from six different stores.
Sami invited Layla back for an even bigger discount.
Sami buried the treasure in his backyard.
Sami bought a pair of jeans.
Sami was using a new smartphone app.
Sami used the app.
Tom is a Pastafarian.
Tom believes heaven has a beer volcano and a factory producing strippers.
Tom has made great choices today and has been a great helper at tidy up time.
Tom independently cut out and ordered the pictures.
Tom was diagnosed with autism when he was three years old.
The guitar sound effect is drilling into my mind.
I've heard better music from power tools.
I will defeat my adversaries with karmic forces.
Tom is watching me work.
Tom looks at her without saying anything.
He did not like swimming.
Adam has to worry about himself.
Tom read the contract in secret.
I do not like reading beer labels.
I do not like beer.
At last the game is up.
At last the jig is up.
According to set theory, I do not like the set of all beers -- namely, this one in particular.
They thought that Tom is sleeping.
God protect you.
I'm going to make coffee. Do you want some, too?
Sami ate two bowls of soup.
Alcohol disinhibits.
He loves her and loves me.
Tom seemed distracted lately.
Mary seemed distracted lately.
I had enough fun with Tatoeba, I have to go to sleep.
You've seemed distracted lately.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone else.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything else.
No one has ever made me feel like this before.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want you, Mary, more than I've wanted anyone or anything in my life.
I love you more than I've ever loved anyone.
Life is too short to be miserable.
We were crazy for each other.
They were crazy for each other.
Tom and Mary are crazy for each other.
Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom treated Mary like a princess.
Tom treated me like a princess.
His lips brushed hers.
When my lungs are not blackened by the cigarettes, they are by pollution.
Tom likes to watch old movies.
Mary came by for a very short visit.
Try to see!
I received a letter that was written a week ago.
Parliament must now support the motion.
Mary lent me her car, but she forgot to give me the keys.
Tom was reading a book while listening to music.
As a child, Mary read a lot of books.
Have you read all his poems?
Did you read the entire report?
Tom has not finished reading this book.
My grandfather made me read this book.
Tom will not be able to help you do that today.
We take care of the neighbor's dog in their absence.
Tom is getting hungry.
Mary sat down at the desk and began to write.
Tom spends his time gardening and writing.
Anger made him boil.
Tom cannot assume this responsibility.
Select the correct answer!
He often plays stone-paper-scissors.
You, for modesty, do not fear anyone, no?
How many pipes does this organ have?
The batter for crepes is made of eggs, flour, butter, milk and sugar.
I don't want to disappoint my dad.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his mother.
At home everything is early, both talent and baldness.
I took advantage of the stay to restore my health.
I brought you some berries.
Sorry, I misunderstood you.
I know this is difficult to accept.
This is not a good time to hang out.
Tom weighs himself every morning.
Tom waited for a favorable time.
Mary weighs herself every morning.
Tom chose the right moment.
Tom has to go to bed early.
Mary sang a lullaby to calm down the baby­.
You scared the bejesus out of me.
Tom scared the holy bejesus out of me.
Dying, on the other hand, might be better than asking for forgiveness.
There's no reason to be nervous.
Impatience is killing Tom.
Many birds can die due to a heat wave.
Her ambition pushed her to work hard.
I brought some pizza.
The room was littered with empty pizza boxes.
We squeeze the orange and throw away the rind.
Tom loves her to death.
Tom sealed the letter with wax.
Tom sold the book for euros.
Tom sealed the letter with wax using his signet ring.
You must read the book several times.
I hope you will participate in many of them.
Mary cannot open the door.
Tom rang and Mary came to open,
Are you busy at the moment?
We spend Christmas with our children.
Tom loves to ski.
Go quickly for help!
Tom's back suddenly seized up.
Call a doctor quickly!
Suddenly my back seized up.
Older people are more prone to injury.
Older athletes are more likely to get injured.
As we age, our bodies become weaker and don't heal themselves as quickly as they used to.
I am a woman, not a girl.
Tom has washboard abs.
Today, I do not have housework to do.
Tom must unfortunately contradict you.
Tom skied down the slope.
Tom is a member of the ski patrol.
Tom dusted the snow from his pants.
Tom dusted the snow from his jacket.
Tom dusted the snow from the sleeves of his jacket.
Blushing after making a mistake will not fix it.
I'd like to learn how to ski.
The snow sparkled.
I wasn't hungry anyway.
Mary ran to get a doctor.
You can always run!
Tom is worried about the upcoming exam.
Tom and François try to acquire French citizenship.
Tom went snowmobiling with Mary.
Don't go too far into the woods.
Tom's forehead touched mine.
I've never skied before.
Tom had never skied before.
You don't know what he did to me.
You don't know what Tom did to me.
You don't know what she did to me.
Tom and Mary rode on the ski lift together.
Tom is a ski patroller.
Tom is a member of the Canadian Ski Patrol.
Tom leaned on his ski poles.
Do you know how to ski?
Rudolph has a red nose.
These thermal socks will keep your feet warm.
Tom and Mary sat by the fireplace.
Have it your way then.
Tom fell through the ice into the frigid water.
Tom fell through the ice into the icy water.
Tom struggled to lift himself out of the freezing water.
Tom gave his dog a hug.
Tom fell asleep on top of the covers.
Tom is a fearless skier.
Tom is an expert skier.
Tom took ski lessons.
Do I hear a bit of jealousy?
Mary seemed upset.
For the first time, his expertise was put to the test.
The candles will be lit at midnight.
Could you, please, lend me your car tomorrow?
Mary would be a very good merchant.
I should never have borrowed money from him.
Tom will not let him believe it's better than it really is.
Tom went to get some fresh air.
Tom would like to leave now.
Tom fears tickling.
I'll go greet him tomorrow.
I will pursue my dreams.
Mary sends her son to buy bread from the bakery.
Send the photos by post!
Next Saturday I have to go to Paris.
Tom would like to go to the movies with you.
How are we going?
Tom did it to annoy his neighbors.
Now it's your turn to play.
Tom threw himself on me.
Tom dove into the food.
There, you are mistaken!
Tom was watching him sow salad.
Tom was not in the mood to laugh.
The table is painted white.
I enclose a photo.
We cannot reach Tom at the moment.
Everything suggests that Tom will be re-elected
Tom will fish for eel.
It only thing that remains is for Tom to abandon this idea.
It was something extraordinary.
In your entire life, you never have seen such a thing.
The fog rises.
Tom tries to get up.
Tom is chewing his fingernails over rejecting this advantageous offer.
They work to correct this defect.
Although Mary is sick, she will work.
Tom is just playing.
It's my turn!
Tom was very careful for fear of making a mistake.
What happened to your project?
Mary has just seen a pretty dress.
I sold my bike to Tom.
I will sell my car.
I took Tom in my car.
The path winds along the road.
Do you have something to complain about?
It should work.
Do not be afraid, everything will be fine!
The wine cellar is too small.
There is a birth in the family.
In his face!
In your face!
I took a lot of it.
I took it full face.
I was smashed in the face.
I put a cleat in his mouth.
I put a cleat to him.
Finally, you're back.
He called me the same day.
You will not change Tom's mind.
Tom goes to the market.
The ordered item will be delivered to you by mail.
Sales of this commodity are off to a good start.
Beautiful minds meet.
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head.
Tom dismissed this thought.
Tom's thoughts wandered.
Do you still need me, or can I go to sleep?
I got a kiss from him in response.
I will not prove anything.
A torrent of rain fell all night.
Tom spends his money as he wins.
Tom was invited to come and have a beer at the local bistro.
Tom and François met for wine tasting.
In a pinch, Tom can do without wine, but not coffee.
Mary was quick to sell her flowers.
The car is parked on the sidewalk.
Tom and François lined up in pairs
Tom is considered the candidate with the best chance of winning.
Luck left him.
His chances have improved significantly.
The company does not have a good chance of survival.
Tom wants to change society.
Thomas has an athletic build.
It could be nice.
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head
Tom lacks patience.
Would you have a daisy for me?
He stared at her with his dark eyes.
Mary gave him a reproaching look.
She leaned forward, offering a breathtaking view of her cleavage.
We were drinking a lot.
Why did not you tell him earlier?
I sulk.
Mary's heart started beating wildly.
Go ahead, tell me.
Come help me decorate the tree.
We do not have a fir tree.
Excuse me, I would like to purchase a piccolo.
We are an exclusive piccolo supplier for the entire west coast.
I sell piccolos.
I've insured my rare 17th century piccolo.
I found your piccolo broken in the street.
Quick, hide this piccolo!
Stop that flautist!
Several insurgent flautists attacked our armored column with Jethro Tull covers and rocket propelled grenades.
The Netherlands are the second largest global exporter of food by dollar value after the United States.
Tom is training for a marathon.
The video quickly went viral.
Sami was a huge romantic.
Sami went there with that intent.
Sami was up to no good.
Sami paid for his loyalty to Layla with his life.
Sami took Layla to trial.
Sami was a gentle giant.
Sami was well liked in the community.
Sami and Layla were involved in a fairly typical marital struggle.
Sami is having an affair with a co-worker.
Sami smothered Layla with a pillow.
Sami left no trace.
Sami's gun was still in his bedroom.
Sami slept on the couch in the living room.
Sami had watched a basketball game the night before.
Sami was given a polygraph exam.
Sami was absolutely having an affair with his secretary.
Sami and Layla intended to divorce their spouses and start a new life together.
Sami celebrated his graduation.
Sami is an activist.
The rumor spread like wildfire.
Mary was dressed all in white.
Tom wore a white tennis outfit.
Mary wore a white tennis outfit and white tennis shoes.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her mother.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her father.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her parents.
Tom was most insistent.
Tom tipped the waitress.
Mary wore the same dress she had worn the previous day.
Mary was dressed all in white, except for a pink ribbon in her hair.
Tom was evicted from his apartment.
Tom wore a yellow tennis headband.
We could have gotten caught.
Tom sent Mary a telegram.
The interior of the cabin was cozy and warm.
It didn't take long for word to get around.
I'll fix you something to eat while you take a shower.
I feel like life is passing me by.
Sometimes, I feel like life is passing me by.
NASA has selected two finalist concepts for a robotic mission planned to launch in the mid-2020s: a comet sample return mission and a drone-like rotorcraft that would explore potential landing sites on Saturn’s largest moon, Titan.
Dragonfly is a drone-like rotorcraft that would explore the prebiotic chemistry and habitability of dozens of sites on Saturn’s moon Titan.
NASA is collaborating with a well-known doll and book company to inspire children to dream big and reach for the stars.
"It is so important to find exciting new ways to inspire our next generation of space explorers," said Megan McArthur, a NASA astronaut.
I always want to encourage girls and boys to pursue their dreams, no matter how big.
American Girl is known for their series of dolls created to encourage girls to think about who they want to be when they grow up.
In temperatures that can drop below -degrees Fahrenheit, along a route occasionally blocked by wind-driven ice dunes, a hundred miles from any other people, a team led by two NASA scientists will survey an unexplored stretch of Antarctic ice.
Blue Origin successfully launched its New Shepard reusable space vehicle on Dec. carrying a medical technology that could potentially treat chest trauma in a space environment.
Mary was spoiled.
Mary had everything a girl could ever want.
Tom had everything a boy could ever want.
Tom was a spoiled child.
Tom was spoiled by his parents, especially his mother.
Tom did not have an easy childhood.
Tom's father remarried after his mother passed away.
Tom's father remarried after a few years.
Tom did not get along well with his new stepmother.
Tom's mother remarried very soon after his father's death.
Tom turned his horse around.
Tell Tom to meet me there.
You're welcome to stay here.
Tom's parents never spent time with him.
I guess that's one way of looking at it.
Tom helps Mary with her homework sometimes.
I told you to never speak to me again.
I have to see this through.
It was only a few days until Christmas.
Tom played the Christmas tree in the school play.
At least let me buy you a drink.
He brought his lips to her ear.
I got your goat.
Mary got Tom's goat.
I heard a very interesting rumor.
I heard a rumor about you.
Is that a gun or are you just glad to see me?
I want to buy a saloon.
This needs correction.
Patience, Mary, patience...
What a blimp!
All I could think about was Tom.
All I could think about was Mary.
So nice of you to visit.
It's just a blip on a screen.
My robot won't stop beeping.
Meet my robotic pig.
Please do not break dance in the break room.
I'll need to study.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are friends again.
Tom has a cult-like following.
I should have told you the truth in the first place.
"I should have told you the truth in the first place." "Then why didn't you?"
Tom was reading a book on his e-reader.
I can't wait for Christmas day.
Tom was the brains behind the entire operation.
It turned out that Mary was the brains behind the entire operation.
I warned you about Tom.
I warned you about her.
Tom was spoiled rotten.
Mary was spoiled rotten.
They kissed slowly at first.
Watch the movie and be quiet!
Mary placed a plate stacked with pancakes on the table.
We ate pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast.
Mary didn't get along well with her new stepmother.
You have grapes.
"Whose chair is this?" "Mine."
Now I'll tell you the truth.
Three people died in the car accident.
I have one last question!
By whom was the company founded?
Could you make me an offer?
At the bottom of my garden grows a tree.
Tom is committed to ratifying the decisions made by Mary.
I would be eager to buy a house.
Could we meet?
I enjoy good health.
I was surprised by your letter.
The phone is very used.
We have common tastes.
Will you allow me?
I would have liked to talk with you.
I hope it's not just a curiosity.
There was in my house a feeling that the evening ended too soon.
Tell me, if I can see you again.
Tom's father never remarried.
Tom asked for a refund.
Your message made me happy.
Do not make fun of me, I am sincere.
I would like to see you again!
We chatted together.
We danced together.
I do not think Tom has a dog.
What do you have in your hands?
It's not a real diamond.
I am not in a state to drink such sweet coffee.
I cannot drink coffee this sweet.
Tom is forced to give up his job.
That's bad news...
I went hiking and now I have a friction rash from wearing an ankle brace.
The bucket is full.
The guitarist found fame by wearing a fried-chicken bucket on his head at concerts.
He dreamed of being a professional wrestler.
He was hard to pin down.
What are you smoking?
The submission was flagged automatically.
Tom went to my room.
I share a bunk bed with Tom.
Tom is noisy.
Tom's legs were crushed.
Tom only likes soft drinks.
Tom needs a new liver.
Tom donated one-third of his liver, his wife left him, and then he drank himself to death.
Those old memories of junk food are nice to revisit.
It can't be solved.
It's not practical at the moment.
I have the best ideas.
I'm not popular in the office.
I spilled coffee on my desk.
I sneezed and coffee went everywhere.
Is this a good time to speak?
Dang near killed 'em.
And this little piggy went to market.
Tom's classmates called him "Peeping Tom".
Tom is not in the mood to joke.
Tom was not joking around when fired shots into their car.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading about road rage incidents.
Tom has many pet turtles.
Turtles don't usually battle to the death, but Tom's do.
Tom made a beeping sound when Mary backed out of the cramped aisle.
Tom likes to play practical jokes on Mary.
Mary will often poison Tom's food.
Tom suddenly found no pleasure in his new hobby.
Tom was pulled over the second he crossed state lines.
Tom's whole identity is wrapped up in his automobile.
The marketers know Tom too well.
Put on your "burd" shirt, daddy!
He wears the same shirt everyday, and I wonder why.
He's somewhere on the spectrum.
Do an advanced search for "I don't care".
She has the thirteenth apple.
Pardon me, but do you have any fancy mustard?
These hiking clothes have made me an extremely dangerous source of static electricity.
Everyone, in their childhood, used to shuffle in their socks on the carpet and then discharge a spark of static electricity on the cat's nose.
Half empty or half full? He's full of it!
If you're a musical genius, be wary of the political implications of your statements.
Don't ridicule my cause!
I bought a new scarf.
This is a reissue.
Do you collect vinyl records?
Have you heard the term Neo-Victorian?
I think the pizza's here.
The pizza's here!
The pizza man is here!
Tom and Mary were waiting for the pizza to arrive.
I already ordered the pizza.
I need a bandage.
The pizza should be here any minute.
This is too salty.
Not so much salt!
They switched the sugar for the salt in the recipe and the results were horrible!
I'd like to purchase a puppy for my daughter.
When is the right moment to ask?
Excuses will get me far.
OK, enough already!
What was the point of all of this?
Tom scratched his cheek.
I love the French language!
Such a beautiful day. Just add coffee!
I'm sorry. There must be some mistake. I didn't order pizza.
I love you infinity to the power of infinity.
Don't hog all the room.
Microwave popcorn is very unhealthy.
She is very sick and needs an operation.
Let's schedule a time.
There are so many mistakes to be made.
I'll be standing on the corner waiting.
I'm waving at you. Do you see me?
Tom paid for the pizza.
I'm across the square in front of the record store!
Tom, the pizza's here.
Stop throwing pebbles against my window.
Why don't you do the honors?
Tom, why don't you do the honors?
I want chocolate everything!
Tom put on a fresh pair of pants and a clean T-shirt.
She has a special organ just for digesting chocolate.
We can only afford to pay you in chocolate coins.
I'm really not sure this will work.
Take his temperature.
Tom could feel the heat of the pizza through the cardboard box.
Tom opened the pizza box.
Tom stayed in the ski lodge while Mary went skiing.
Where's your sense of adventure?
It was a sunny day.
We should probably head back.
Tom looked up from his laptop screen.
Tom decided to ski, rather than snowboard.
Do you want parmesan cheese?
Do you want pepper?
Thank you so much for dinner.
Kiss my ass!
Boop! Got you on your nose. You'll have to be faster than that.
Wanna go?
S'up?
Yo, dog...
Not even!
Gag me with a spoon.
Grody to the max.
I'm so sure.
No duh, man.
Totally radical, man.
That'd be righteous, dude.
Take a chill pill.
What's your damage?
Gag me.
Your teachers are totally harsh.
Tom is a total hoser.
Tom is such a poser.
What a spazz. Tom can't even get the easiest rebounds.
He's a total wastoid.
Wicked! Your car did a total flip.
Tight! No parents will be home the whole weekend.
Schweet! We can drink all these beers I found.
Sick! That new paint job is awesome.
Big time...
She's totally bodacious.
What a dweeb!
Burn! You totally didn't see that coming.
Barf! What the hell are you wearing?
Wicked jumps, dude.
Tom got to 3rd base with Mary.
Mary's such an airhead, dude.
I'm, like, totally amped.
Bag your face!
Barf me out.
Bite me.
Don't bogart that joint, dude.
I just got some new bootleg tapes.
There's Mary's new boy toy.
I totally need to bulk up.
You car is, like, butt ugly.
Admit it. You're a couch potato.
Is this crucial?
That was dank.
We're in deep shit now.
She's a total ditz.
And in this class we have all the druggies.
I am fully convinced.
Tell me who you follow on Twitter, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tom would do well to follow his recommendations.
That's enough now!
You have carte blanche, you can do what you want.
The girl frowns.
The water level rises very quickly.
The snow did not stop falling.
I want to decorate the tree.
I'm afraid of falling in love with you.
Thomas often told me about you.
I am sorry. It was stupid of me.
Thomas slapped him on the shoulder.
For the love of God, help me!
This country is falling to pieces.
Today I went to the pool with a friend.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
You do not have to talk to him if you do not want to.
You do not have to talk to me that way!
You do not have to talk to me.
We do not have to talk about that.
I do not know why I said that.
Tom recommended me these books.
"The picture is just a bit too far to the right." "Like this?" "That was a little too much."
Is your house in front of the bank?
If you doubt what you see, how can you say what you say?
You need to start an elimination diet.
An idle mind is the devil's workshop.
Idleness is the enemy of the soul.
Idleness is the mother of all vices.
It is at the foot of the wall that we know the mason.
You can paint a flower, but what about it's odor?
One must learn to obey to know how to command.
To be tall, you must have been small.
The river can be dry, it keeps its name.
If he comes, I'll ask him the question.
You have a complicated name. I noted it so as not to forget it.
Who will correct my mistakes?
I know the correct answer.
It's a beautiful house that you have there. Did you buy it or build it yourself?
We must preserve his remaining works.
Does she know that?
Is he implicated?
What will be the new standard?
Why is he indifferent?
I never knew.
What a puzzle.
It's just so vast.
We bought a new place in the country.
The dogs are having fun.
How about a play date next Sunday?
Bring your dogs.
Your dogs are invited, too.
Sorry to scare you.
OK, I'm going out. I'll be back.
Shut the hood.
Shut the truck.
It's flooded.
It won't turn over.
You need a new starter.
It's the alternator.
Be careful on gravel roads.
All the things you saw were hallucinations.
Are they already there?
Enough with these accent marks!
Accent marks ahead!
He has a New Jersey accent.
Are they already here?
Concord brings forward small things, discord ruins the great ones.
I would like to know what happened.
Is all your money in the bank?
I asked Mary if she had ever kissed a boy.
I asked Thomas if he had ever kissed a girl.
Oh! This is so cute!
Cat!
What a balance!
Hmm.
Hunky-dory!
Blarney!
Slowly!
It ends!
Hello Madam!
Hello Master!
Tame me!
What impudence!
Move on!
I fail.
Sound the trumpet!
Do you want to bet?
Nothing more.
Look at you!
Save me!
So much better!
It's windy!
Shitting myself.
Please go!
Want to go out!
Please listen!
Good evening, madam!
Such a long time!
What a gun!
What a trifle!
What envy!
What an angel!
What people!
What a clamor!
What crazy!
What a ding-a-ling!
What a wacko!
He exaggerates!
Forever!
Suck me!
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.
You miss.
You miss!
Be blessed!
It unblocks!
He drools.
It's crazy!
After you!
Sort this out yourself.
Go, trace!
Well, go ahead!
Chop-chop!
It's creepy.
It's blowing.
Why are you drinking coffee at midnight?
I love garlic!
I love onions!
My stomach cannot tolerate garlic or onions.
My profile pic will not upload.
Don't badger me!
Get funky!
Get down on the dance floor.
You should be dancing, yeah!
It is indeed in this city that I was born sixty years ago.
Have you put all your savings in the bank?
"Come with me," she said, holding out her hand.
"Come with me," he said, holding out his hand.
The weather was gloomy.
Thomas lay down in the grass and closed his eyes.
He must have slipped something into my glass.
I'm fine, I understand.
Mary began to chuckle.
I'm having the filet mignon.
I'll have the Rigatoni alla Siciliana with the gluten-free pasta.
What's the easiest Romance language to learn?
I've got to get up early tomorrow.
So much to do!
Contrary to popular belief and the propaganda of villainous oligarchs, there's plenty of space on earth for all of us.
Possessing money does not equate with wisdom.
God help your souls!
It's really so cute.
Mary stretched like a cat.
Stop acting.
He stared at her with a burning look.
He was not spoiled by life.
The stench of censorship will spell the end of the oligarchy.
Retro! Nice outfit! What is that: disco?
"My life is a sitcom," said Mary.
How many chickens did you count?
Don't bother with Paleo "butter coffee".
His hobby is creating new fad diets.
Prepare to be pleasantly surprised.
Tom put on a clean T-shirt.
Your jeans are dirty.
Bring one for me, too.
This is my son, Tom.
This is my daughter, Mary.
Tom pulled his cowboy hat down to conceal his face.
He could not resist teasing her.
She could not resist teasing him.
Tom could not resist teasing Mary.
Tom helped Mary escape the paparazzi.
Tom opened his arms to hug me.
Mary opened her arms to hug me.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
Although you don't know me, I do have many pictures of you on my computer.
This here is something, but that there is nothing.
Don't put your hands in the spokes.
I should open a restaurant.
Today is our last day in Hanoi.
I don't watch American football.
Should I turn left, right, or go straight?
What was that last thing you said?
And the problem is?
They're going to open another restaurant just like this, but with a beach view.
This restaurant specializes in seafood.
Please don't talk about Russian potato salad! I'm so hungry.
I love dill pickles!
What? Pickles are made from cucumbers? Get out!
Tom has been accused of multiple lies.
Mary had a flu.
Tom is constantly seized.
A young and charming gentleman offered me a candy.
This story is old as the world.
They picked up the old papers.
It was the good old days.
The young lawyer came to fetch his fiancee to take him to dinner.
The young lawyer already has a large clientele.
Tom has never been young.
Tom rang. A girl came to open.
It was impossible to be understood.
Tom had the most absurd ideas.
It was unfortunately impossible for us to prevail.
What you are asking me is quite impossible.
It is physically impossible to control the whole world.
When did you get this idea?
Why do you want to earn more?
Last week we worked day and night.
Where do your ancestors come from?
Happy Birthday! By the way, how old were you?
Tom can always wait!
Tom is also swimming freestyle.
Tom is swimming against the current.
Tom is swimming very well with the butterfly stroke.
Why do secrets fascinate us?
First Tom went swimming, then he went shopping.
The doctor has no office hours on Monday morning.
I am very grateful that you did not plan to retire.
I have one last question: how many liters of wine are produced by you each year?
Did I understand correctly that you will be giving an interview on the radio tomorrow?
Pierre still believes in Santa Claus. On the other hand, his son does not believe anymore.
Tom made a space ship out of cardboard boxes.
One shouldn't bring a samurai sword to work unless one is a samurai.
We celebrate Christmas on December 25th.
Between Christmas and the new year, Mary and Tom go skiing.
The day after Christmas it snowed.
Where, when, to where, from where, why, to what purpose, and how?
For Christmas, we will be in the mountains.
At Christmas the whole family meets.
The pope reads his Christmas message.
Tom and Mary decorated the Christmas tree with multicolored balls.
All you saw was a hallucination.
Tom exchanges Christmas gifts.
Tom is trading Christmas items.
Christmas is coming!
She felt trapped.
He never tried to do it with me.
She never tried to do it with me.
You are really so bad.
But you're really bad.
The two men clashed upon seeing each other.
Mary called her mother to tell her the good news.
I do not know what to think of all that.
François Gabart has broken the record of the world tour alone.
Thomas was red like a lobster.
I do not even have a penny.
I do not know if I did well enough to get accepted.
Does it recycle?
Let's stop here and buy a map.
Do you sell maps?
Do you have the map?
Where is the map?
What time will you arrive?
What time does your flight land?
Have you made reservations?
Your flight was cancelled.
My flight was cancelled.
We have to reschedule.
Green, yellow, and red peppers are all the same species. The color of the pepper depends on how long it is allowed to grow on the plant.
The reservations were cancelled.
Fog has grounded all flights at the airport.
We're in a holding pattern.
We'll be landing soon.
Just the first time was exciting.
Does this map have a legend?
He must have eaten a peanut because now he is in shock.
Don't eat peanuts and then kiss her. You'll kill her.
Hot dogs, nuts and seeds, chunks of meat or cheese, whole grapes, hard/gooey or sticky candy, popcorn, chunks of peanut butter, raw vegetables, raisins, chewing gum, and marshmallows are known choking hazards for children.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain. We are now at cruising altitude.
Let the sauce thicken first, but keep an eye on it and keep stirring.
Let's find out which paper towel is the sturdiest.
Having these STD pamphlets strewn here on the coffee table sure is an inhibitor.
We may have just enough leeway in the negotiations to get the project approved.
Who were Genghis Khan's first biographers?
I used to make ash trays in a kiln at school.
I'm going to run around like a headless chicken cleaning up this place because my girlfriend is coming over this evening.
The surface-to-air missile intercepted the ninth fighter.
I have a one-track mind. All I can think about is skiing.
The windchill factor makes your exposure on the mountain very dangerous.
We need to institutionalize the testing of organic products.
All the organic matter in the compost pile is decomposing.
Elderly people usually buy ranch-style houses to avoid the danger of climbing stairs.
The chemical engineers made a substance that smells like a wet dog chewing bubble gum.
I'm being victimized by all these boring sitcoms.
Predictably, when she is too hungry to think and her mind has run out of glucose, she makes me pick the restaurant.
The game console beckons me.
The snake engulfs prey entirely by unhinging his jaw.
I selectively don't like kids at school by their choice of death metal bands.
I did a cost-benefit analysis on ordering a large pepperoni pizza.
Set down your bags. Unburden yourself.
We all have our secretions, which will remain secret.
I'd rather have a multiple-personality disorder than -- er, umm, hello, my name is Gunter.
I hope that third pizza obliterates her diet. What a bitch.
Please, I beg of you, do not use the phrase "stone-cold sober" ever again in any song lyrics.
I began to marginalize the pepperoni on the pizza by devouring it selectively based on its protein index.
I began to stake out my territorial waters in the sorority house's hot tub.
The cat runs a minimum security prison on the couch. If the dog jumps up, she bats him down.
The man in the street is eating pizza and actually thinks voting machines are OK.
Thousand island dressing can be made of mayonnaise, ketchup, and sweet pickle relish.
We put the cat on a vegan diet. She became clinically depressed and died.
The editors of this magazine run a correctional facility.
I'll continue working for free as long as you don't pay me.
This floor wax also makes a good dip.
Please stop punishing us with your "wisdom".
Fruit juice is very unhealthy.
The sucrose molecule is comprised of glucose and fructose.
What's going on, my dear?
Mary unfastened the hooks on her bra.
This yogurt dip is completely overrated!
"My diet is ruined," she cried as tears splashed off the pepperoni.
Thomas slid his hands behind his back to unclasp his bra.
In one minute it will be midnight.
Thomas is built like a Mach truck.
He is a true colossus.
Finally, I do not think it's a good idea.
I do not want to talk about that now.
You would not have ten minutes?
Great! Now we can have one giant global police state.
Where did you hide the candy bars?
He is a football player.
He's a football player.
Oh, where is your advanced search now?
Self-reference this!
The database is full.
We're offline.
We're online.
I bought a bottle of black currant syrup today.
Tomorrow's breakfast served in a bowl: yogurt, walnuts, date molasses, more yogurt, strawberries, pistachios, whipped cream, and topped off with a drizzle of black currant syrup.
Man your battle stations.
I wish I could sleep in a warm cup of coffee.
Ah, shucks! My horse lost!
Freeze-frame!
Believe! Or die sinner!
I lost my book.
Let's call the lost and found office at the airlines.
I've left my jacket on the plane.
There is nothing like the smell of garlic cooking.
Garlic and pomegranate are best friends in the kitchen.
In a rage, Tom violently made pancakes, fracturing his wrist in the process.
Tom stood in the entrance, glaring menacingly at Mary.
No amount of alcohol could repair Tom's broken heart.
He'd finally forgotten her name.
Tom was charged with domestic violence after he tossed a biscuit at Mary.
Do you have the sales slip?
Do you have any gluten free items on your menu?
I got this spoon from a cereal box as a kid.
Why don't you just pump gluten up my ass? OK, one more pancake.
Can I have a bowl of water soup for my dog?
Don't forget that we bought pomegranates.
Tom acquired a service turtle. Shortly thereafter, his life was cut short.
Police officer: "So your name is 'Howard Johnson's McDonalds Penera Bread Smith'?" Drunk me: "Yes."
You must eat breakfast before you go to school.
Get your suspenders online.
Why do sentences in Japanese look so weird?
Do you see the girl wearing black silk dress? It's my daughter.
Steal a penny, you're a thief. Steal thousands, you're a financier.
Capitulate!
Immediately!
Glacial.
Sacrilege!
Keep.
Sold!
Telephone!
Regrettably!
Think!
Patience!
Pretty.
Unimaginable!
Unthinkable!
Inconceivable!
What a nut!
What a catastrophe!
Be brave!
Have courage!
Prudence, prudence!
Is it on the map?
Does anyone else know?
It's none of their business!
I walk the world alone.
The information desk is other there.
Why does this happen to me?
What else can I help you with?
When was the last time you experienced this pain?
Would you like to contribute?
Any volunteers?
Don't smoke in here!
Put it out!
Please do the dishes.
I'm washing clothes today.
I wish I knew better.
We bought a commercial washing machine for our home because we wanted the durability it offers.
Against all odds.
It's the principle of it that concerns me.
Don't turn your back to the ocean.
The wave broke her nose.
I got caught in a rip tide.
Where's my life vest?
Any takers?
Will there be a test?
This is a lot of work.
If I'd only known.
How perverse!
Does it already exist?
It's the old shell game.
He gives back to the community.
Failure, does not discourage us, it allows us to better see our points of weakness so we can succeed.
Your wallet is full of receipts.
Do you know how the operate the fireplace?
You need to purchase a new battery for the smoke detector.
You should really take an infant CPR class.
The defibrillator is mounted on the wall here.
Have you ever used a defibrillator?
A sudden noise frightened her.
Hold my hand while the plane lands.
These words got me thinking.
They're resting right now.
Protect the entrance.
We got ourselves a convoy.
You have to fill it yourself.
That's a big 10-4.
Mary has two brothers. The older one is dumb and the younger one is smart.
You can't be part of an anti-society. You sit inside all day and browse Tumblr.
Fire! Run quick!
I thought you'd get lost.
Just put an 'R' at the end of it. And now you have a new website!
This here is an evergreen tree.
I've been banished!
Can you sugar frost it for starters?
How insensitive!
Why did you bother?
I should walk immediately on waking to get my juices flowing.
Wake up and smell the roses!
You're going to jail, boy.
I seem to store fat just by being exposed to a light breeze.
It's a real pleasure to be here.
Would you like a mug of milk.
I speak a little Greek.
A hot drink will warm you up.
You'll survive.
I used to drink a gallon of milk a day.
The drug gave me kidney stones.
He speaks a little Aramaic.
I felt like I was dying. I got under the covers and shivered. Kidney stones are nothing to joke about.
Get under the covers.
I need a new pillow case.
Put the pillow case on the pillow.
Wash your face!
Clean up before dinner.
Wash your hands, please!
Wash your hands after using the restroom.
Practice good hygiene.
Do you know how to start a fire without matches?
The broken bottle magnified the sun's rays and started a forest fire.
File it!
I can't seem to find it.
I can't deal with it.
This is just a bump in the road.
Something crawled up her ass and died.
Poke it with a stick.
Don't smell your fingers!
He's as big as bigfoot.
Do you do your wash?
What are you brandishing?
I put a glaze on it.
Watch your step! It's slick out!
I don't like sweet food.
Why must you find fault in everything?
Pull over and let the meat wagon pass.
My brother is a firefighter.
We are in the evacuation zone.
I'm not particular.
One last pancake, please.
This is all you'll get for now.
We need to ration water and food.
What time is it in Hanoi?
Want to play checkers?
I broke your dish.
The glass fell off the table.
There's shattered glass everywhere.
I cut my foot on broken glass.
I've got a splinter of glass in my foot.
I've got a splinter stuck in my finger.
Play the next episode, please.
Let's not binge watch tonight.
Want to take a walk in the cool air tonight?
Stretch your legs.
I'm dreaming about pancakes.
They call him Mr. Gluten behind his back.
No gluten for Mr. Glutenstein at table five.
He's really militant about gluten, geez.
Open the banana at the other end -- like monkeys do.
Apes don't ask questions. They have everything they need.
I'd like an iceberg lettuce wedge salad.
I like IKEA more for the food than anything.
Let's contemplate Swedish meatballs for a moment.
Don't use any brand names in your material.
His future is at stake.
Do you like to fish?
What's the biggest fish you've caught?
It'll catch up to you.
I'm not so picky.
Relax. It'll be alright.
That tractor implement makes burrows in the field.
She was arrested for being an unlicensed medical practitioner.
We'll need an all-terrain vehicle to rescue them.
Please make cheesecake again.
I love cheese!
What's your dog's breed?
I saw an orb hovering over the lake.
That computer is unsecured.
It's been compromised.
Just flop down anywhere.
A broken roof tile fell next to us.
Watch for falling coconuts.
They rake the sand to make it look like paradise.
There's trash everywhere.
The river is like a floating landfill.
This doll is a choking hazard.
These clothes are flammable and not suited for children.
At attention!
Present arms!
When I ate the food only for animals, I wanted to throw up.
He threw a bottle out the window.
The band peed into the pool.
And this is how we cook the tourists.
There are a lot of Germans on this island.
I lost my wedding ring while snorkeling.
My nose was inches from a moray eel.
We gave frozen peas to the friendly fish in the yellow cathedral of coral.
Those fish keep charging me and snapping at my flipper.
That species of fish is very territorial.
I need to start lifting weights.
I'll feel better if I return to athletics.
She only wants a slave.
She has no mercy.
She has mental issues.
She makes no effort.
She is completely indifferent to everyone else.
She tried to steal from her own child!
She had no moral upbringing.
Only in death will she see her faults.
She was caught in a lie.
She is in denial.
She can't see anyone else's point of view.
Don't attempt to argue with her.
Time to battle!
I choked on a chicken bone.
He's choking!
Do you know the Heimlich maneuver?
Slow down, please!
They lost your bags.
Let me get your bag.
Can you put the bags in the trunk?
Are we all ready to go?
Let's push off.
Let's shove off.
Get ready to catch the rope!
Throw the rope!
Next, please.
Passports, please.
Is this your picture in the paper?
Have you been in trouble before?
You can change.
Turn over a new stone.
The gym will be packed tomorrow.
I've signed up for a class at the gym.
I'm taking my health seriously.
You've been more than enough help.
I can't say enough.
God bless.
It's those small moments.
What a tender gesture.
He doesn't acknowledge my existence.
Well, that sucks!
Hello, is anyone home in there?
Smile if you're lying.
I hate his smirk.
He has that look and you can tell he's lying.
She has moods.
I'm in a different mode now.
Not feelin' too great.
Too greasy!
Not enough salt.
Too much salt for my tastes.
It was so salty I almost got sick.
You can't drink seawater!
It's like he's a new person.
He's turned his life around.
I don't recognize him anymore.
The food was exceptional.
They said the food is great, but it tasted horrible to me.
I'm not that sophisticated.
I can't figure myself out.
I don't know why I do what I do.
She had a horrible upbringing.
Where can we place the blame?
I need to learn nouns today.
Vowels use the vocal chords and consonants use the mouth.
They just reorganized her division.
They all got laid off.
This company is a wreck.
The managers are clueless.
Somebody should teach her a lesson.
And that's just the beginning of it.
These people all sound like victims.
Stand up and brush yourself off.
Excuse me, sir, but is this an incidence of road rage?
Tom has Ebola.
Are you using this chair?
What is the appeal?
They died in a car wreck.
Picking up the pieces.
My bucket is full.
It's illegal to collect rainwater in this city.
Will there be potato salad at the church gathering?
Tom has a strange fixation to potato salad.
Tom is glucose-deprived.
Tom only eats eggs on even days and chicken on odd.
You can't make this up.
One for the history books!
What's going on in your liver, Tom?
"My liver, my business. Case closed," said Tom.
Tom needs a liver transplant.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a cup of liver.
Try halfing a half endlessly and then you realize you don't exist.
Tom is not authorized for this sector.
"Tom, please, calm down," said Mary.
Tom had a heart attack while arguing with a couple of theologists.
Why isn't this on the map?
What's on your agenda?
Good morning, folks. How's everyone doing?
Ready to learn how to scuba dive?
My snorkel is filthy.
Wow! Thousands of fish!
Wow. It must be nice.
Hmm. No one ever asks me.
I don't like working in this gift shop.
Everyone is a geezer.
What a load of crap.
When are you going to work on your art?
It's not official yet.
Make the most nutritious thing the least expensive. That'll confuse them and then they'll buy the most profitable item.
I need to pack on twenty-five pounds before New Years Day.
I put my Einstein novelty underwear on backwards twice today.
He's having an existential crisis.
Tom suggested a spelling bee to the death.
He died making a YouTube video.
They found his body later, floating in the river.
Does anyone have anything to say?
A show of hands?
So we're all in agreement?
Meeting adjourned.
It was too unwieldy for me.
Does anyone have any chocolate on their person?
This will be good.
Bonus points!
The lead guitar is killer.
Yuk, yuk!
Gluten free!
What a goof!
OK, already, jeez!
You never look at anything of the links I send you. Infidel!
Why don't you try practicing.
So on and so forth.
Yep. OK.
I'm just a teenager.
I eat like a teenager.
Meat is murder.
I'd love to be a duck.
Yum, black forest cake!
It's the best!
No questions?
Period is over.
I didn't see you in study hall.
Tom is a total burnout.
Tom is a wastoid.
Tom is missing in action.
Tom is a no-show.
Tom died with a needle stuck in his arm.
Opium Wars 101.
Kiss my robot ass.
Maximum overdrive.
Capisce?
Smoosh it up.
Hello, who's that?
Can you read me?
Copy. I read you. Over and out.
Mark this day! I will win the race next year.
I for one welcome our robot overlords.
Here come the nerds.
Here come the weirdos.
OK, panic!
The plane flew into the mountainside.
Case closed.
Open source.
Not interested?
Why should they suffer?
I'll just take a minute of your time.
Are you in marketing?
Total cash cow.
Operators are standing by.
No salesmen will call.
I might not make it back.
Peace. Out.
Create a smoke screen.
Sugar!
Nice sneakers.
You need a new belt.
Do we have any milk left?
Don't leave the fridge open.
Both legs of your flight look good.
I want a puppy!
I want a pony!
I want a kitten!
I think I'm tone deaf.
I think her singing killed the cat.
The crows are warning us to stay in the car.
Knock, knock, anyone home?
I'm going to have a Tupperware party on Tuesday.
This is not a one word sentence.
Food poisoning? I feel fine.
Did you eat the mussels?
Mary died from food poisoning.
Totally bogus.
Like, wow, man.
Peace, brother.
See you on the flip side.
Mary looks anorexic.
No beans for me.
Chin up, chest out.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
I hate lima beans.
Yes, Salisbury steak day in the cafeteria.
Two slices of pizza please.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza.
We're having a Super Bowl party at our house. Can you make it?
I'm not getting enough sleep.
Can you fix my banjo?
It's a new breed.
I'd like some walnuts.
Open wide.
I've gained a few over the holiday.
She's got the freshman 15.
I've left clues.
Give me a riddle.
Shhhh, I'm reading.
The pineapple has gone bad.
The cheese is moldy.
Catch up.
Quick, duck!
Even if the pasta is gluten free, you will still gain several pounds in water weight from the carbohydrates. You need X amount of water to digest Y amount of carbs.
Please, please, please, stop me from eating too much blue cheese this year.
Will this be on the test?
Soak walnuts in water to reduce the bitterness.
Use macros to plan your daily nutritional needs.
Exercise is king.
Visualize yourself on a tropical beach.
What will happen to eyebrows this year?
I am designing a line of streetwear.
No chance.
We can use the cat carrier for a small dog.
Where is the leash?
This dog collar is too tight.
The dog can shake hands.
In the long run, none of it really mattered.
That's a big baby.
The mall is open.
Too bitter.
Be careful on these curves.
Do you want whole milk?
A bag of chips, please?
To go?
Long scarves can be very dangerous.
Mary is making lunch.
Mary helps Tom open a jar of pickles.
Tom explains to the Amazonian tribesman that jars, bottles, and cans are different containers for preservating food.
"That's a huge shrimp," said Tom.
Please tie my shoes.
Today, I'm wearing shoes for once.
Shirts are required for entrance to this store.
Let's rent a row boat and row out to the island.
This is not my first time canoeing.
The dog won't eat.
We have two dogs.
Our dogs are brother and sister.
Take a sip.
Can I try?
It seems like bubble gum.
Do you want gum for your ears?
We have to go around again.
Don't tailgate, please.
Take this exit.
Is this our exit?
Bad haircut?
Nice haircut!
No, I can't eat wheat, peanuts, or shellfish.
Do you want more octopus?
They make the best octopus tacos.
She's bashful.
He's hiding in the reeds.
I like roasted and salted sunflower seeds.
There'll be foggy conditions on your commute this morning.
We had a pleasant time.
She is suing us.
She got better!
I found a long hair.
Cat hair everywhere.
Sheesh. I wish I had come here sooner.
It's backward.
Is it running?
It's not dry yet.
The zoo has many other attractions aside from the penguins.
The Calgary Zoo zookeepers moved the penguins back inside because of the cold weather.
In addition to Mary and her new boyfriend, Tom invited three of Mary's ex-boyfriends, without telling her.
Mary thought about what it would be like to dance with Tom.
Tom thought about what it would be like to kiss Mary.
How did you celebrate New Year's Eve?
The band played the national anthem.
The children went to bed, but the grown-ups continued to party.
Tom was the first of his friends to get married.
Mary was the first of her friends to get married.
All of Mary's friends have babies.
Mary's friends organized a baby shower.
Mary gave birth to her first baby on January 1st.
Tom danced and partied all night.
Mary danced and partied all night.
Tom and Mary celebrated New Year's Eve together.
Tom wrote Mary a text message, but then deleted it before sending it.
Tom hit "send" by accident.
Tom and Mary went outside to watch the fireworks.
Tom leaned over the railing.
Tom leaned against the railing.
This year was a roller-coaster for me.
What is it like in California?
What is it like in Boston?
Mary climbed onto a chair and began to dance.
Tom climbed on the table and started to dance.
For me, the more, the better.
The more he works, the more he earns.
The more you eat, the more you want.
Tom and Mary watched the ball drop on New Year's Eve in Times Square.
Is Esperanto hard to learn?
Learning a language is not simple.
The Moscow subway runs until one a.m.
Tom is a brilliant programmer.
Mary is a brilliant programmer.
Mary hesitated for a moment.
Thank you, brother.
Tom died just as he was trying to say something to Mary.
Tom warned me, but I didn't listen to him.
Mary warned me, but I didn't listen to her.
Tom and Mary met at a New Year Party.
was a roller-coaster year for me.
They took their time.
The airport is on the left hand side.
Why can't I have a phone when all of my friends have one?
Tom sat up slowly.
I saw the way you were looking at him.
I saw the way you were looking at her.
"I loved you, Mary." "Then why did you betray me?"
I never flirted with him.
I saw the way you were looking at each other.
"But I love you, Mary!" "I don't."
I saw the way you two were looking at each other.
Do you think I'm blind?
I saw the way you two were looking at each other last night.
You like him and he likes you.
You like her and she likes you.
You thieving bastard!
Things have been a little hectic lately.
There is nothing I wouldn't do for you, Mary.
I didn't mean to.
I didn't mean to. It was an accident.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
Tom is doing a student exchange in Germany.
I wish it was that easy.
Why are you killing yourself with carbs?
Have mercy.
The hot chocolate is warming my insides.
Your insides are technically your outsides.
It's my new streetwear line.
Do you like cashews?
You have black ink on your hands.
Someday you'll wear a fur hat and play the drums in an indie rock band.
Just add water.
I've sprained my ankle.
I can't put weight on it.
It's swollen.
I think I've pulled some ligaments.
I never thought it would heal.
All my ailments are gone but one.
Can you take me to the airport?
Can you pick me up on your way home?
Please, no more rice.
Why do you eat grass? Grass is for cows.
Only the misinformed spend their hard-earned money on wheat, which is basically grass.
You're inflammation on inflammation. That's why you're pounds!
You're malnourished. That's why you keep eating and eating. Everything you're eating has zero nutritional value. Basically you're eating sugar and grass.
To thrive, your body needs carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, and chocolate.
Love everyone.
Stupid forehead pimple!
Eat grass like a cow!
We're thankful to you.
years ago, Tom fell down the stairs and broke his bones.
I got a stomachache from laughing too much.
These few months, this girl has almost never left her room.
The punchline comes at the end.
Alphabetically, please.
I want to become faster.
Get on my karma train.
The cute girl was bitten by a zombie dog and became a zombie.
He's traumatized. His favorite children's show was canceled.
She looked like she was holding in a huge fart.
When I fart and the dignitaries begin laughing at me, draw your swords.
None of those thoughts are cohesive nor do they make sense independently.
Basically, she's created a fad diet collider. And sometimes the particles that spin off are gluon-free neutrino burgers.
Do you want to go get a soursop smoothie with me?
He only hires people on the spectrum.
He's almost legally blind.
He likes to find faults immediately instead of patiently looking for strengths.
They look like monsters there with their facelifts, their distressed clothing, and their Prozac eyes.
It was a novel in one sentence.
I almost died of thirst.
Americans love exaggeration and that is no exaggeration.
He just got a butt load of used video games.
They purposely don't oil the door hinges here for security reasons.
I had this dream about a massive army of zombie authors that went around attacking and eating the brains of editors.
I'm the bookkeeper.
Why do you have a sentence diagram tattooed on your back?
Don't go out that door unless you want to be torn to shreds by a pack of rabid grammarians.
He was a strange fellow. He wrote one novel and then moved to Paris and disappeared.
Do you want a prune?
Put twice as many plums in the recipe.
You misspelled my tattoo!
I hear you get a free forehead tattoo when you join the gang.
We need more coffee and red pencils.
Take this sacred red pencil and go forth on your trusty office chair.
Mince these words and throw them into the pot of contempt.
The children danced around me and chanted, "Diabetes, diabetes, diabetes!"
It's not a doll. It's an action figure.
She told me that he loved me.
And then I woke up in a reclining armchair with a slice of my birthday cake on my chest.
Your mind is a prison built of words.
Please take off your thick adjective glasses and start writing leaner prose.
What airline?
They can't get text messages in flight or can they?
The passenger next to me. I turned his headphones off while he was sleeping. I used his remote. It was so loud.
It was the first novel comprised entirely of text messages.
Los Angeles is a city brimming with artists and most of them get little respect from critics worldwide.
I'm not sure how many facelifts there are per square mile, but we can factor that into the business plan.
Translate this! And that. And this. But not that!
No ifs, ands, or buts, mister!
Every time you speak Italian I gain five pounds.
During the SAG ceremony in LA, they raised one million dollars for the Facelifts For Tots charity.
Is this how you want to be remembered? Eating cheese doodles and watching Matlock?
He had gotten so fat that his family used to perform his eulogy at the dinner table every night.
We're all handicapped and heartless in own ways.
She needed the comfort of Grandma's wool blanket.
Translate this short sentence.
It was easy for them.
You were chosen at random.
At the beginning of civilization, the crazy man, the shaman, ate grass on the river bank and pulled his hair out. Now today, the same madman blabbers on his cellphone about crypto-currency, buys a scone at Starbucks for $4.35, and his hair falls out on its own.
He's going bald. Fasten your seatbelts.
I'm going bald. Hmm. What can I do to compensate?
Where is his teddy bear?
All set?
Shove off!
Left is port and right starboard.
There's a Starbucks on your starboard bow.
Hoist the jib!
Stop cradling that verb! Let it go!
He was like Minority Report with grammar. He knew beforehand if you were going to make a grammatical mistake.
Have you been here before? (Do you want to here my pathetic and obligatory marketing spiel?)
I know a word.
I used to have to pick the fuzz out from between my toes every night before bed. Now, thanks to science, I don't have to bother. Thanks, science!
Let's be practical.
What's your flight number?
Bombs away!
After she ordered large pepperoni pizzas, her dorm mates put her on suicide watch.
He moved to LA.
He died his hair pink.
It's slight endearing how this band can't sing in tune.
We're pulling into arrivals now. Do you see us?
Cellphones have changed modern literature and perhaps in a bad way.
San Diego is a punk ass bitch.
Let us first define "punk ass bitch."
I want to participate in the dialectic process.
Let's buy some magazines and books before the flight.
We're on the tarmac.
See you on the lam.
On Uber now.
In Korea now.
Getting ready to leave.
Are you waiting outside?
It'll take us awhile.
Going through immigration, luggage, customs...
We are taxiing now.
Yes. Thanks.
Walking out.
Just left my dad a voicemail.
I miss you. Good night.
This is our last day in Hanoi.
Rice is easy on me too.
I was out over the weekend.
Give me call to set up an appointment.
I want to make you Vietnamese food.
Tom is both dreading and looking forward to the summer.
We are going to a cooking class this afternoon.
Hope they were tasty.
Just saw it.
Hi, handsome.
Nice. Now I can relax instead of studying for that test.
On Uber.
Best of luck.
Oh, very nice.
We just got out of the room.
I think you'd love it.
I'm having Vietnamese coffee.
Let me call my dad.
Oh, is that so? Well, I've got something for you.
For you?
Not sure yet.
She has a cough.
Good morning, handsome.
Food arrived.
Oh, ok.
It was so cold today.
Are you still on diet?
I miss you more.
Amazing... I never knew that chicken could taste so good.
Yes and super exhausted.
Raining hard.
It's rainy here.
Her dress is dragging on the ground.
Do you need anything from the store?
Can this conversation be gluten free?
Her name is Tabetha.
Oh, yeah, please do.
Shall we arrive earlier?
Love you.
Haha, cute.
Oh, that's bad. I hope you feel better.
Oh, that's really cool.
He was not the hero we wanted. He was the hero we needed.
That sucks. I'm sorry.
I hope you are OK.
You were almost late again today.
Oh, that's terrible.
Hehe. I'm evil.
Lmao. Send me more cat pics.
Lmao, it's OK.
Yeah, it's going very well.
I will, thanks.
I'm going to homecoming today.
I'm gonna go to sleep.
Good plan, thanks. LOL.
I'll check it out.
I'm gonna be very busy because school is starting.
She is going to deactivate my phone.
And thank you.
What's the email?
Hey, do you remember my password?
The policeman wants you to move.
Beautiful bird!
He procrastinates.
Let's dance, darling!
Talk about it!
Listen to him!
Pass it!
By car!
Good evening, darling!
If completed.
And how!
Holy Tom!
What spectacle!
What to say?
Yes, why?
No, why?
One question. What the hell is this song about?
Before the fact? Or after the fact?
This plant needs fertilizer.
I'm not satiated yet.
Her name is Fertilizia.
Mary, man. Barry, man. Barry, man. Mary, man.
Tom pounded the table.
Tom pounded the table with his fist.
It's too hot. It's too cold. When will it ever end?
The judge pounded the table with his gavel.
Objection, your honor.
You broke the Internet.
"Objection, your honor." "Overruled."
You're too cool for this place.
Sun streamed into the room from the window.
What a terror!
It's calm.
I protest.
He phoned.
Do you like soft drinks, you diabetic piece of shit?
I am also one of them.
Tom rolled onto his back.
I call this song: "Fuck Off!"
Why don't you try to fix it?
Fuck these autoimmune bullshit diseases! Fuck you, Monsanto!
That lawyer is a fucking piece of dog shit on my shoe.
Play it backwards!
She smells like she deep fried the earth.
Don't let her see anything edible.
This website is slower than a snail.
He will eat.
Hello, dad.
Hello, Mary.
Hello, professor!
Hello, darling!
Hello, doctor!
I hate those bands that just conform to some punk-like mentality without thought.
Dear friends!
Is it OK if I eat the eggs?
Want to be my friend?
I've been tired all day.
Your sister is competitive.
Have you talked to anyone about this problem?
First it's hot and then it's cold. What's going on?
They kicked me off the plane.
She left the planet.
Check your voicemail.
Dude, seriously.
Since we're college students, let's go all out!
Let's go! It's my turn! Draw!
Would you also like to make a wax figure?
That's right, I remember it well.
Today is a little cold, huh?
I'm the second deuce.
Tom asked me to invite you.
Mary asked me to invite you.
I felt really stupid.
This is one thing I know.
This time for certain.
Let's go to the boardwalk.
Do you like saltwater taffy?
I caught an eel in my net.
We sailed our canoes across the lake by using our tarps as sails.
All of our matches are wet.
We were covered with mosquito bites.
Our luggage went to the wrong city.
They are desperate.
She's going to need help.
OK, I'll let you know.
Hang up!
Overtime! This year we'll win the state championship.
More cheese, please.
She's very creative.
She's an artist.
It was his time.
Knock on wood.
Happy hunting.
Is she liberal?
She needs a new liver.
She's worse today.
You enjoy the gossip more and your heart doesn't acknowledge her suffering.
What a fat cow!
Eat more wheat, you cow!
Heavy load ahead.
Jimmy got that fat chick pregnant.
No fat chicks.
Fat chicks welcome.
I like plump women.
She's so soft everywhere.
She's sick.
Don't judge.
I love her more than anything.
One point.
It's open mic night.
I love hummus!
Chickpeas for the win.
With every ounce of my strength!
I miss the '80, sez no one.
Everyone be fartin'.
I'll be waiting in my car.
What a stupid bitch.
America at its finest.
Dysfunctional families are a dime a dozen.
People still fart and it's 2018.
Pass the dressing.
Yikes, and he's your doctor?
Do you want to become friends?
Don't eat paint chips!
He's a zombie.
How's everything?
I'm the one.
This is how it feels to be on top of the world.
Hey, mister, your fly is down.
Davy Jones' locker.
Pause. Take a deep breath.
One potato, two potato, three potato, four.
There's something amiss here.
Count to Mississippi.
Take a jump shot.
Travelling! Ref are you blind?
Was it my turn?
Oh, OK.
Set your phasers on stun.
Hey, dawg.
I scream. We scream. We all scream for ice cream.
Tell your sister to consume local artists instead of listening to Bono.
Step one. Get fur hat. Step two. Learn drums. Step three. Get facelift.
LOL.
Please, please, keep singing out of tune!
Listen to the bands near you.
She lives in LA, but she's anti-LA.
That's their theme song.
You cast a big shadow.
Soup's on!
He's a lumberjack.
I wish I was in a band.
So peaceful.
He's one of them.
I called out.
I called your name.
It's melting.
Why do I dream so deeply?
I get this band.
Look out for poison ivy!
I hope for a soft landing.
Look for ticks on your clothing.
She's got Lyme disease.
That's fucked up.
Leg warmers, LOL.
Everything is being reduced to a text message.
I bought a juicer.
This tastes like crap.
I'm throwing out the microwave.
No more frozen burritos for you.
Liquor not included.
Some assembly required.
Curtain call.
I've been through that stage.
You actually listen to this genre of music?
You're a tool.
You're a sucker for marketing.
Cool, that'll work.
You can discover something new every day.
Is it January already?
Where's your plane ticket?
Lift off!
Does it look safe?
Don't go out at night.
Don't trust anyone and buy your own drinks.
For some people rejection is like water off a duck's back.
I'm working on a playlist for my love.
We spend every moment together.
Why do the stars twinkle?
I put song lyrics into a blender and now I've got a hit song.
The airline's systems are all down.
All flights have been cancelled due to the storm.
There's some hope.
It's not any fun if it's legal.
Tom likes to wear boxers.
We need some relief from this weather.
Participation is mandatory.
I love cabbage!
He's down in the dumps.
See if you can lift her spirits.
He's been stuck inside all day.
She's been declawed.
My sweater is ruined!
Fade into grey.
Farewell, my friend.
I made my own potato chips.
My dog loves to pee on car tires.
I'll take a slice of Swiss cheese on my gluten-free sandwich.
I need carbs from time to time.
This ankle abrasion is still sore.
I don't like peanut brittle. I love it!
After a border incident involving gluten trafficking, the dictator ordered a full scale invasion.
The year is 2038. The global government has declared gluten illegal. The last seeds of wheat sit in a freezer next to a vial of smallpox.
Speakers of Germanic languages can learn a lot from Romance languages.
They took the fun out of everything by not taking offense to it.
Translate this sentence and win a prize.
The beat goes on.
Sami is a Palestinian who lives in East Jerusalem.
Sami is not allowed to go to East Jerusalem.
Sami has family in East Jerusalem.
Humans are xenophobic.
Humans are highly territorial.
Humans are bigots.
If you look over there, you will see a human in its natural habitat.
Humans are very xenophobic.
Humans are monsters.
Humans are criminals.
I can read many languages, but only speak one fluently.
Humans are animals.
His mug is red.
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind.
Humans are very intolerant.
If you interrupt a human's activities, it is likely to become aggressive.
He says he calls them savages because they don't have electronic technology. That's pretty rich coming from someone who has no idea how electronics actually work.
Humans are highly aggressive animals.
Humans are irrational creatures.
Humans are irrational.
Humans are emotional creatures.
Would you like to play cards?
We can exchange gifts in the hotel room.
This orange is from our tree.
I'm not going to wag my tail when they arrive.
Ding-dong! Hello?
Earth to Tom. Over and out.
Roger.
Please don't give me grief.
You just peck, peck, peck.
I wish I had a potato.
I've never been so happy to see potatoes in my life.
Her leg is in a cast.
Put on sunscreen.
Can you help me with my dress?
You're getting burned.
I got bit.
Is the bite deep?
Mary: "You got bit? Oh, no. Did the dog draw blood?" Tom: "Yeah, he's a regular phlebotomist, alright."
Mary: "Why do you drink so much sangria?" Tom: "I'm a phlebotomist."
He only left me a few morsels.
Clean your plate.
Eat your broccoli.
Swiss cheese! My favorite!
A haircut will cheer me up.
Root vegetables are my new friends.
It's noon.
Time for lunch.
Lunch break!
Annoy me one more time!
Another one?
Again! Again! Again!
Not you again!
What is this? Vaudeville?
Get up on your tippy toes.
I broke my big toe.
I stubbed my toe.
I got athlete's foot from the shower at the gym.
Let's feast!
Can you say grace?
I hope they're all OK.
One more?
I suppose not.
Wow! Talented!
Slide on over.
Make room for me.
Did you get tickets?
Text me your shopping list.
She put the kibosh on that.
You want coffee or tea?
With or without sugar?
Our cat loves cheese.
Our car is in the shop.
Tom to the rescue.
Do you speak Yiddish?
They've made wheat flour and sugar illegal.
Can you buy me a toy?
I don't like corn.
Do you drink soy milk?
They're arguing next door.
For the last time!
It's an important milestone for her.
Butter makes my knees sore.
Butter inflames my arthritis.
It's an old back injury that's come back.
Don't put her under a microscope.
Wow. Look at you!
"Tom's the best violinist since Itzhak Perlman." "Who?"
Can you fly into LA?
We'll fly out of LAX.
Quick reflexes!
I like Fred and Ethel. More so Fred.
If the universe is a computer simulation, where are the unicorns?
That was Mary's potato. She was saving it.
We need people like you.
On the hunt?
It's in your toy chest.
It's on top.
Looks like a tackle box.
Everything is tangled.
I'm missing a button.
It popped off.
It'll take some trial and error.
It's all brand new.
Whether you like it or not, we're selling the car.
Are you coming or do you prefer to stay in the shop?
It's up to you whether to accept or decline.
We will do it, whether you like it or not.
Why did she destroy my video game console?
You're leaving, by will or by force!
There are more outside than inside.
Tom knows where the wind blows from.
Tom must get some fresh air.
Today, I was with a friend at the swimming pool.
It took us three days to write a script for our movie.
Tom knows which way the wind is blowing.
A chilly wind's blowing
We'll need some railroad ties for the garden.
The cat is playing in the garden.
Do you play gin rummy?
I'm all stuffed up.
My knee is sore.
My knee aches.
I feel bloated.
I'm peeing a lot.
My vision is blurry.
I have other symptoms.
I'm not feeling well at all.
I need a bag to throw up in.
I dreamt that I got worms.
Do you think I have worms?
The dog has worms.
Sorry, I threw up in your car.
The station is closed.
The last train just left.
When is the next train?
When is the next bus?
How much does it cost to fly there?
Are pets allowed?
Is your restaurant dog-friendly?
Luckily, I have instant coffee packets in my bag.
Can I get a cup of coffee?
She cut your sides short.
Bundle up. It's cold.
I like to walk in the cool breeze at night.
Let's take the dog to the park.
The cat is at the window.
Let the cat in.
Let the dog in.
You can pet the dog.
Let the cat out.
The cat has been howling all night.
Let's go to a concert in LA.
She's not into the LA scene.
I was drinking way too much coffee.
There's no excuse for my behavior.
I'm in purgatory.
I'm just stopping by.
Just checking in.
Just seeing what you are up to.
Just wondering how you are doing.
Is she still sick?
Is she on the mend?
Did you take her to the doctor?
Can you take the dog to the vet?
Is the operation dangerous?
Will she make a full recovery?
What time will you return?
Will you be open tomorrow?
It's infected.
There's a lot of swelling and pus.
It's severe sunburn.
Do you sell first aid items here?
What are some of the benefits?
I've lived a thousand lives.
This better be important.
Without you, my life would be meaningless.
That's a fine kettle of fish.
I haven't played cards for so long.
The jack of diamonds.
You don't know how much I appreciate this.
You don't know how much you mean to me.
The inside of my house is cold.
Tom: "Is today Wednesday?" Mary: "All day long."
Do you have a first aid kit?
Apply direct pressure to the wound.
Call for help!
Does she have a pulse?
How long was she underwater?
Remember to take your medicine.
Remember to take your medicine with you in your day pack.
She's bleeding.
Do you know the metric system?
How many pounds are there in a kilogram?
How many miles are there in a kilometer?
I'm not getting any cellphone reception here.
I'm running out of battery.
I can read the language, but I hardly speak it.
What do the instructions say?
Are you feeling up to it?
What's the difference between the two?
Do you have any gluten free options on the menu?
I'd like to order a salad.
Do you have steamed vegetables?
Does it contain shellfish?
Does it contain peanuts?
Does it contain eggs?
Does it contain sugar?
Does it contain butter?
Do I take the next exit?
Can you talk to me while I do the dishes and keep me company?
Is it important information?
Humans are aggressive animals.
Humans are not rational creatures.
In Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels, humans are described as being "the most pernicious race of little odious vermin that nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth."
We call whisky from island nations "bleach."
In Paris, there are several gluten free bakeries.
Come on, be a hipster.
Is he a hipster?
What's the flight number?
What is the pick up location?
How many passengers?
How many guests?
Where was the vehicle damaged?
Are you reporting a crime?
Can I get a description of the assailant?
Where did you get those scratches?
It's dislocated.
Do you have first aid ice packs?
Be careful with ice packs and sedative medicine. You can get frostbite if you fall asleep while using the ice packs.
Do you have any idea how much this machine costs?
Shhh. What are they saying?
Can you speak slowly?
I still can't understand you. Can you turn off the background noise?
I hear a dog barking in the distance.
Do you have a whistle?
I see flashlights in the distance.
Where did you last use your glasses?
Your glasses are broken.
The doctor performed an unnecessary procedure.
The doctor ordered an unnecessary test.
The doctor is corrupt.
The lawyer is corrupt.
The politician is corrupt.
Secret society is a fancy name for organized crime.
Wash your hands!
Help clean up.
Dress the wound.
Do you have rubbing alcohol?
Is he OK?
The finger is broken.
You've severely sprained your thumb.
We need to airlift her.
The helicopter is landing.
She's a nurse.
We've had a collision at sea.
She is not interested in swimming.
There are lights underwater.
Turn on the spotlight.
Is this an illegal toxic waste dump?
They found a body.
The swimmer was drunk and drowned.
The drummer died.
The drummer drowned.
The drummer overdosed.
The drummer was buried last week.
The car door does not work.
He needs spiritual help.
He has a good character.
He lived dangerously.
He was reckless.
Be careful with the doses.
Eat more fruit, please.
The left side of your face is swollen.
He'll come out of this.
He suddenly flew to Quebec without notice.
He's lost his passion.
Here comes hypothermia. I'm going to die out here in the cold.
Can I have a juice box?
Can you take notes?
Please don't eat the remaining food.
She's been drugged.
Her eyes are dilated.
One eye is dilated.
The entree is cold.
It's being remodeled.
People are dying simply because they refuse to change their diet.
You just drank eleven-hundred calories of juice.
Don't drink sugary cocktails.
Have some vodka straight. It's a lot less calories.
I can't sleep through the night.
He had a late night snack of cheese, cashews, and German natural herb bitters.
Someday planned obsolescence will be illegal in every nation.
Keep the plans simple, OK?
No one was hurt in the robbery.
People are spiritually hungry.
The wind off the beach is bone-chilling.
The police officer crashed his motorcycle.
I collect action figures.
He's a tourist.
I'm ordering the deep-fried frog sandwich.
He's not there.
Is any part of our meal served with live animals?
My cat gave birth to a kitten named Apollo.
My cat was sprayed by a skunk.
The drummer is missing.
Promise me.
Hold the leash.
The disease took his sight.
Where are your bags?
One day Americans will come to worship the pomegranate.
I'm stuck in LA for the night.
Be mindful of that vitamin A can be toxic at higher levels.
Eating a polar bear's liver can kill you.
There are natural treatments for the condition.
I caught a fish.
This puppy found me.
It's snowing!
Engineers scoff at creative people during the day, but then go home at night and worship fantasy worlds authored by creative people.
The billionaire made his fortune by hiring people with Asperger's syndrome to work in marketing.
There's more than enough food.
I found money!
He stayed up all night throwing up and watching television.
He's my new best friend.
It's in the trunk.
I had a minor accident.
There will be no shortage of fun.
I know a lot of local gossip, but I will only part with it for a fee.
I like freckles.
I like short women.
I like fat people.
This show is boring.
I awoke in the middle of the night.
There is more at stake.
She is fixable.
She is fixated on one perceived imperfection when she is perfect in every way.
He wasted his youth on an imperfection no one cared about and some women actually found it attractive.
It snowballed.
Good luck is contagious.
Stay tuned for an important message.
Don't stay in the other driver's blind spot.
Give me a taste.
The ice cream truck!
I want some!
A popsicle, please.
Children's programming. All day long.
Don't bother arguing with it; humans are impervious to logic.
You're pretty okay, for a human.
Most humans are terrible people.
The computer is rebooting.
Please update the computer.
The computer is infected with a virus.
You need to defragment the drive on a regular basis.
Nothing interesting is happening.
The hard drive is grinding away.
Watch out for falling coconuts.
There's a lizard under the refrigerator.
I'll perform a full scan of the system.
Is there an off-on switch on the device?
She's more technical, but gets bored easily.
I'm feeling weary.
It's so easy to be misunderstood.
It is possible to launder language to make it more appealing and uplifting.
I want this and this.
I want this and that.
Keep cash in an envelope in your wallet and only spend that when you are out shopping.
Begin every meal with soup.
Include fresh herbs with every meal.
Peace can be found within, but not if we consume modern day poisons.
Exercise is your liver's friend.
I had a dream that I was an amoeba in a pond.
Tadpoles are fun to watch.
How are magnets so magical?
I found this incredible fossil rolling in the surf.
The teacher stole the child's fossil discovery.
The archeologist drank heavily during the Alaskan winters.
The archaeologists needed to relocate the burial grounds before the pipeline could be built.
The cemetery needs to be moved to a new location south of the town.
The headstones in the cemetery were moved, but the bodies were not.
Eels look like aliens from another planet.
Some eels and fish have two sets of jaws like the monster in the movie Alien.
Hagfish can produce amazing amounts of mucus.
I've never seen snowfall in Florida before.
Humans are savages.
Humans are brutes.
Calm down and try to remember what exactly happened there.
If you could only choose one of them, which one would it be?
We are not afraid.
What would you say if you were in this situation?
The situation must be worse than you thought.
I hope they choose a good government.
They listened to you.
"Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis!" said Tom, answering the question of which word is the longest in the English dictionary.
She did know.
If you don't like being poor, you should have picked a different family to be born into.
The human brain uses one-half of all the sugar in the body.
Careful with that rock.
It takes to minutes for ingested carbohydrates to affect blood sugar levels.
Food allergy sufferers can experience fatigue and brain fog as the immune system attacks a nonexistent invader.
Tom felt as if a cinder block was dropped on his head.
These fruits sell well.
A west wind blows over the fields.
We must take it seriously.
Never overload the mule.
Tom messaged Mary a fallacious article on margarine and regretted it afterwards.
The chef conducted his kitchen with a soup ladle, producing a beautiful symphony of gastronomic indulgences.
The sentence was primitive, scraping it knuckles on the floor and grunting with heavy threats.
Jeff was very upset when an international food conglomerate introduced the "JEFF Ready Sandwich Spread."
You are the expert.
They form a class by themselves.
The winter months are December, January, and February.
The photo was passed from hand to hand.
The photograph was passed from hand to hand.
From today on I'm going to start studying.
The game is starting to be interesting.
He's not useful to us anymore.
I'm in sales.
I'm in marketing.
"Kiss your potatoes and tell them that you love them and that they're gluten free," said Mary to Tom during a late night discussion.
"I'm kissing a potato. Now what?" said Tom, looking at Mary for direction.
We all went to the theater to watch a play.
"Mary knows that I truly love potatoes," said Tom.
"Look at all these potatoes. I've never witnessed so many!" said Tom, throwing off his hat.
I am a potato.
Move your brussel sprouts over and make room for some delicious potatoes.
There was an ancient city; the Tyrian settlers held it: Carthage, standing afar opposite Italy and the mouths of the Tiber, rich in trade and very harsh in the study of war. Juno is said to have valued this one city more than all lands, even above Samos.
Tom must be hired immediately.
I fired the whole staff and hired Tom.
Every time Tom walks by Human Resources, the women swoon.
Cabbage will change your life.
Now that I know the power of cabbage I'm a new man. Thanks, cabbage!
I know fraud when I see it.
You're pulling the wool over their eyes.
Doctor: "I'm sorry. He's a vegetable now." Tom: "Why is that bad? Vegetables are good!"
Use the map to start a fire.
All those soft drinks gave me diabetes.
I am diabetes.
Only you can stop diabetes.
Where are all my friends?
We understand you know.
We're so sorry. If only we understood.
Gluten force one! Combine into the shape of a nasty sandwich! Ewww! Disgusting!
I am a spy.
We are researching drones.
I love pickles.
Would you like some potato soup?
Russia will always remain united.
Tom thinks I am his enemy.
We have a minimum order value of ten euros.
Tom was in the corridor of the second floor of the hospital.
It is not necessary that we attend the reunion.
They did not have worries.
Tom applauded the musicians.
Please sing this song again.
The people are responding furiously to his lie.
I eat a meat bun every day at the convenience store.
Most people should think that.
Sairu...is she a mother yet?
I'm not racist, but humans make me uncomfortable.
I have nothing against humans.
Sami tried to protect his daughter.
Sami told us his version of events.
Sami never broke the law.
Sami worked for the FBI for thirty plus years.
Sami is a murder defendant.
Sami sent Layla messages requesting that she contact him.
Sami arrived in Egypt and it was beautiful.
Sami and Layla slept together that first night.
Sami called his parents.
Sami is coming home.
Sami found his place in the world.
Sami felt he was worth something.
Sami was in love with Layla.
Sami had many loves: his beer, his favorite soccer team, and methamphetamine.
Sami walked his daughter down the aisle.
Sami married an Egyptian woman.
Sami soon moved to Cairo.
Sami's inlaws stayed overnight.
Sami was excited about golfing on his days off.
Sami was the gentle Egyptian giant.
Sami made friends immediately.
Sami was growing addicted to meth.
Sami bought a new golf club for six hundred dollars.
Sami threw the raspberries on the floor.
Sami can't afford raspberries.
Sami is a husky pound Egyptian guy.
Sami demanded to see Layla's phone.
Sami looked at Layla's computer history.
Sami's son was evaluated by a social worker.
Sami choked Layla in anger.
Sami choked Layla during sex.
Sami suffered from asthma.
Sami died in the middle of the night.
Sami talked to Layla's father.
Sami was just making polite chit-chat.
Sami wasn't really expecting that kind of thing.
Sami may have killed his first wife.
Sami held his hand over Layla's mouth.
Sami couldn't breathe for an extended period of time.
Sami died at six in the morning.
Sami needs help.
Sami is a year veteran of the FBI.
Sami was bludgeoned with a baseball bat.
Sami's son had a play date.
Sami had a nightmare.
Sami got his daughter back to bed.
Sami was standing in the doorway.
Sami had his hands around Layla's neck.
Sami kept dragging Layla toward the bathroom.
Sami had room to hit Farid with a baseball bat.
Sami made a call to 911.
Sami is a dispatcher.
Sami's mother was downstairs the whole time.
Sami told Layla to stay in the room with the dogs.
Sami was driven to his house.
Sami was a violent man.
Sami grew up in a medieval city in Ireland.
Sami abused Layla for years.
Sami wanted to secure custody of 6-year old Farid.
Sami had an interview with a social worker.
Sami has to be placed in the custody of Layla in the event of his father's death.
Sami was determined to execute Layla's will.
Sami thought about his life.
Sami's children were crying.
Sami was granted one hour of visitation with the children.
Sami was later sent a letter Layla wrote.
Sami posted messages on Facebook.
Sami received a voice mail from Layla.
Sami focused on his fight for his children.
Sami's skull was crushed.
Sami was in a murderous rage.
Sami's attorney advised him not to discuss that with the media.
Sami crushed Layla's skull with a brick.
Sami crushed Layla's head with a pavement stone.
Sami was charged with voluntary manslaughter.
Sami's family demanded justice for him.
Sami had mental problems.
Sami had no further contact with the sheriff's office.
Sami was being charged with second degree murder.
Sami didn't take action.
Sami and Layla walked into the courtroom.
Sami simply did what any father would do.
Sami overpowered his assailant and killed him.
Sami was hitting the wall with his baseball bat.
Sami killed Layla with malice.
Sami didn't like his son-in-law.
Sami was a victim of abuse.
Sami has a constitutional right not to take the stand.
Sami wanted to prove his innocence.
Sami was led from the courthouse in shackles.
Sami was a brutal merciless killer.
Sami wasn't prepared to look at those pictures.
Sami will be remembered as a murderer.
Sami's life ended the day that they took his kids away.
Sami found a case of raspberries in the fridge.
Sami opened the fridge.
Sami displayed various forms of controlling behavior.
Sami's life was in jeopardy.
Sami had a personal bodyguard.
Sami survived his ordeal.
Sami told us his terrifying story.
Sami was honestly scared to death.
Sami grew up in a suburb of Cairo.
Sami was a celebrity.
Sami wanted to do Layla harm.
Sami hired an expensive security team.
Sami was doing a dangerous job.
Sami became a dangerous fanatic.
Sami is the chief of security at Layla Bakir's Cairo residence.
Sami was in his bedroom.
Sami was standing outside the front gate.
Sami reached the top of the wall in seconds and jumped down onto Layla's driveway.
Sami opened the front door.
Sami was already over the wall and down the road.
Sami decided not to call the police.
Sami remained on high alert.
Sami posed a tremendous threat.
Sami returned to Layla Bakir's residence.
Sami was out with his trainer.
Sami said he was Layla's husband.
Sami was five minutes away.
Sami was still screaming into the intercom.
Sami tried to lead Farid off the property.
Sami had sunglasses on.
Sami was surrounded by fans.
Sami has just had a narrow escape from a delisional stalker.
Sami examined the note Layla had left.
Sami gave Layla a religious leaflet.
Sami envisioned himself as a savior.
Sami immediately reported the intrusion to the police.
Sami was a meth addict.
Sami has a long rapsheet.
Sami assaulted a police officer.
Sami was a convict.
Sami is a heavy methamphetamine user.
Sami was gripped with fear.
Sami broke his son's arm.
Sami refused to let his guard down.
Sami was arrested in the middle of the night.
Sami looked at the cameras.
Sami didn't take his eyes off Layla.
Sami took off all of his clothes and went for a swim.
Sami was swimming in his pool.
Sami grabbed his gun.
Sami reached into his backpack and drew a gun.
Sami had one thing in mind: to eliminate Layla.
Sami and Farid struggled, both desperately trying to get a hold of the gun.
Sami summoned every ounce of strength to try to overcome his assailant.
Sami was rushed to the hospital and recovered within six days.
Sami tried to slice Layla's throat from ear to ear.
Sami was humming Michael Jackson's songs.
Sami was guilty on all charges.
Sami was sentenced to six years in prison.
Sami lined the walls of his cell with graffiti of Michael Jackson.
Sami underwent a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami served out his entire sentence.
Sami and Layla had a violent confrontation.
Sami wrote a book about this story.
Sami was fortunate to have the protection of a dedicated bodyguard.
Sami was a yoga teacher.
Sami was getting his freedom.
Sami was in a hospital ER.
Sami lives in a close-knit town where everybody is connected.
Sami is a management consultant.
Sami swept Layla off her feet with his rugged good looks.
Sami helped companies downsize.
Sami was Layla's hero.
Sami loves this place as much Layla does.
Sami and Layla started on their life project.
Sami planted trees.
Sami was on vacation every day.
Sami had a yoga studio.
Sami taught yoga.
Sami embodied peacefulness and loving kindness.
Sami squashed the bug.
Sami's marriage really began to crumble.
Sami and Layla negotiated a divorce.
Sami heard the loud bang.
Sami made his way upstairs.
Sami noticed a shell casing on the second step of the stairs.
Sami was covered with blood.
Sami was an absolute mess.
Sami had a German shepherd named Farid.
Sami's dog picked up Layla's scent.
Sami's injuries were life-threatening.
Sami used a baseball bat in that attack.
Sami committed a bloody crime.
Please make potato salad again.
Early hunter-gatherers had a hard time finding carbohydrates in the wild.
Humans spent ninety percent of their history as hunter-gatherers.
The sink is broken.
She is exhausted from her trip overseas.
You must take the second street on the right.
These scissors are not suited to cut hair.
Will she come back someday?
Why didn't you finish writing your book?
Tarquin was driven out of the city.
Who painted these pictures that are above the window?
How is this word written?
I welcome the idea of hiring a maid to help out in the household chores.
I welcome your suggestions.
Your frank opinions are always welcomed here.
Your presence is not welcomed here. Please leave at once!
"Shit! Why am I farting so much?" said Mary.
Is that the dog's stomach gurgling?
The dog sighed.
The dog is sleeping at the foot of the bed.
Look out to the sea.
I woke up this morning and wrote the second chapter of my novel.
She should just try to eat healthier.
Mary: "It's probably full of GMOs." Tom, laughing: "I thought you said GMOFOs."
I don't get any of your jokes.
He is pleasant.
He is a person of principles.
She wants to minor in philosophy.
She has only heard him fart in the bathroom.
There are chores to do first thing in the morning.
He plays drums in his sleep.
We need more chips and dip.
How can anyone eat dip this salty?
If you buy those XXL shorts, you'll look like a bozo.
I am a bowl of porridge.
He is not allowed to use metaphors.
The little dog drank all of his water during the heatwave.
She translated her sentence.
She translated her own sentence.
Sami returned to Egypt, refusing to stay in Canada.
Sami spoke little Arabic.
Sami was mortified by the answer.
Sami has had a baby with Layla.
Sami sealed his pledge to Layla with a tattoo.
Sami's mistress had no intention of going away.
Sami is always on the move.
Sami kept a low profile.
Sami hired a personal videographer.
Sami wanted to catapult Layla to celebrity status.
Sami had an ongoing affair with Layla.
Sami's car was found abandoned on the side of the road.
Sami was emotionally scarred from the break-up.
Today, August 25th 2012, Neil Armstrong, the first man to set foot on the moon, died.
Did they heat up the bathhouse?
The cow eats grass.
Here were her arms and her chariot; the goddess, even then, strove and nurtured this place to be a kingdom for the nations, if only the fates allowed.
The holiday season is a wondrous time of year when people are reunited with their racist family members.
Humans are idiots.
Humans are illogical.
Humans are incapable of considering situations objectively.
The word "racism" is often used colloquially as a synonym of "bigotry".
Humans make me sick.
I'd never let my daughter marry a human.
No son of mine is going to marry a human!
"The inhabitants of Earth are so primitive and violent, they seem to be on the point of blowing themselves up. Should we save them?" "Nah."
Have you lost your mind, woman?
That's a nice song.
The city has a very high population density.
The city covers a small area.
Humans are greedy.
Humans are selfish.
Humans have no empathy.
You should let me do it.
You should let other people do it.
What do you think about recycling?
Humans are immoral.
Where is the soup?
I can't find anything in the refrigerator.
He makes a hearty soup.
I'm sorry for sounding arrogant.
I haven't pooped in two days.
I make sangria with one ingredient -- brandy!
I have the body of an original aboriginal.
What is your poop situation?
Tom started the Paleo diet two months ago and now Mary and Tom make love all night long.
You never forget to send your mother a birthday gift.
After eating like an aboriginal, Tom's body transformed into a lean and muscular physique without any exercise other than walking.
Agriculture is not humankind's destiny.
Tom and Mary have been inseparable for over three years.
Tom remembers his first date with Mary.
God shapes us with fate. Life is not a straight line.
Who is your favourite YouTuber?
Tom tried to illustrate what had happened with the help of a matchbox, three matchsticks and two clothespins.
If you'll have a family, a wife and children, you'll understand it.
Don't be gay!
Don't be so gay!
Stop being so gay!
Please stop donating everything I own to charity.
If I don't use it, I should donate it to charity.
It's for charity.
For the costume party, I'm going as a hunter-gatherer and she's going as an archeology student.
Mary would have died from hunger if Tom hadn't had expert knowledge of bush tucker.
Native Americans of California and Arizona historically used non-returning boomerangs to kill birds and rabbits.
You can believe in the pipe dream of modern medicine curing diseases or just stop eating processed food.
What is the most delicious tasting grub?
These anchovies are so oily tasting.
Rub my back.
You can wear my shirt to the gym.
Try not to smile when you tell them.
I know I'm a huge nerd because my sideburns never match.
There should be a law against that.
What is that awful noise?
No one wants to admit it.
"Rice and quinoa are safe grains," said Mary. "What? Why?" said Tom.
The roof needs to be fixed.
Make it short and sweet.
The rain is pitter-pattering against the roof.
They took us to court.
There is a hair stuck to this soap.
Dinner has gone cold.
I'll take the phone call in the next room.
Tom is an addict.
Leave your phones outside.
Can you search online?
I want a new pepper grinder.
Walk the dog, please.
What time is it in Buffalo, New York?
This cheese pairs well with sauvignon blanc.
You are getting sleepy.
They've been hypnotized!
Why exactly did you do that?
Ice cream is one of worst foods, health-wise, you can eat.
Please stop buying crap in a box.
I am lucky.
I can't fall asleep or breathe.
Go suck a dick!
Tom is the coolest monkey in the jungle.
I can't stand rats.
She is holding a ladle with her right hand.
She is holding a ladle in her right hand.
Does your dog allow itself to be petted?
I declined to add a three-year protection plan to my newly purchased didgeridoo.
Where is the nearest didgeridoo repair shop?
I am a beast.
You cannot defeat me!
Let's go play basketball in the park.
After eating the bean salad, he had a six and seven-eighths pack.
I'm going to LA.
Find your higher power.
After writing a local guides review for the nearby dry cleaners, Tom drove his car into brick wall.
He felt empty inside.
I'm not on track with my diet!
Seriously, don't make me fart on your soup.
Find God, if you can.
No one is actually experiencing reality thanks to the oligarchy of billionaires.
We're enemies.
Dan believes this tie belongs to his wife's lover.
If his word were a bridge, I wouldn't cross it.
Would you mind walking the dog?
Could you please take the dog out for a walk?
Could you walk the dog?
How did you get this rusty junk approved by the Technical Inspection Association?
On whose authority did you do that?
Tom ordered Chinese food to go.
Do you feel God's ubiquity?
I'd like a large portion of rice, please.
Tom can prove that he's paid his debt.
Please put that on the invoice.
They are sceptical of all the newcomers.
We're learning Esperanto very quickly.
I'd like you to promise me that you won't repeat what you've seen lately to anyone.
An idea not properly analized is not worth to exploit, the same as a life without self judgment is not worth to be lived.
Please stay!
Dogs hate cats.
I don't understand why it's so important for you.
Believe me, this situation is unpleasant for me, too.
I was walking home.
She went to the movies alone.
I was not horrible.
Will you cheer for me?
My name is Janez.
Look at us!
I want you to promise me you will never tell anyone what you have seen.
I am learning Esperanto very quickly.
One large portion of rice please.
We are gonna buy ourselves a car.
Look me in the eyes.
God knows what it was.
But she had heard that an offspring, led by Trojan blood, would one day overturn the Tyrian citadels; from this would come a nation ruling widely and proud in war, for the destruction of Libya: thus the Fates spun out their destiny.
No matter which diet you choose, limiting your intake of carbohydrates is always a good idea.
The doctor recommended that I don't sweat the small stuff.
I noticed the air in my right front tire was low.
Luckily, I made it to the repair shop in time.
The mechanic found a nail in my tire.
Hold steady!
Take solace.
Encourage others.
Lift others up.
Find peace.
Be a mentor.
Be generous.
Share with your brother.
I miss the sun.
Do not call me that!
My foot is better.
Dark clouds are thirsty for the sun.
I know you know everything and you are counting on me.
This water tastes like a pipe.
I miss Michael Jackson.
Please let me poop in peace.
One time, after eating a bag of Turkish dried figs, I almost built a log cabin in the toilet.
The request queue was full.
Can I borrow your luggage for a short trip next weekend?
This database has a data integrity issue.
I'll never forget the moment I held a dolphin in my hands.
It's not the first time that I've seen this sentence.
I'll see you in Hell.
I am not disposable.
Do not let the dog jump on the coffee table!
The dog is happy.
I wish to be a dog when the world is too stressful for me.
I had to clear my dog's browser history.
Her desire for self-righteousness overwhelms the rest of her personality.
It sounds plausible to me.
The hint of stubble on his face evens out his ruddy looks.
Boil the milk.
The guillotine may not be perfect but it's the best system we have.
We're going to buy ourselves a car.
I have to pee.
He pees in an old orange juice bottle on long trips.
In the hot tub, Mary confessed to wearing adult diapers on long road trips to avoid stopping at rest stops.
Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that’s not the reason we are doing it.
If the trillion spiders in the Netherlands took to eating humans rather than insects, they’d consume all Dutch people in just three days.
A decapitated planarian flatworm grows a new brain complete with all its old memories.
It takes no time.
"I have never heard of the Beatles" "Seriously? Someone who's never heard of the Beatles has been wasting their life."
You, stop staring off in class!
Each person judges well the things he knows.
He is a good judge of the things that he knows.
Therefore, a young person is not an appropriate student of politics.
A young person is unexperienced in the affairs of life.
The accounts are from and about those things.
Every art and every inquiry seem to aim at some good.
Every action and every undertaking seem to aim at some good.
Why should this make me angry?
There appears to be a difference of customs.
There appear to be different customs.
Custom is the ruler of all.
Law is the king of all.
Custom is the king of all.
The goal of medicine is health.
The goal of the practice of medicine is health.
Victory is the goal of strategy.
Victory is the end of strategy.
Wealth is the goal of managing one's affairs.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
If that is so, we have to try to comprehend what it is.
We are each one, but together we are two.
Each is one, but together two.
It could be the turning point.
You can only find this in LA and here.
Do you have any shirts in extra-large?
You are blessed.
The website needs an overhaul.
Speaking French is a big plus for this position.
He wants to be a hipster.
Sitting in sun is good for you.
She refuses to recycle.
I'm not too happy with 80's music.
Are we all puppets?
Michael Jackson didn't invent the moon walk.
They were all innocent.
Youth will always rebel against the mindless machinations of social institutions.
Only the spiritually blind will harm others.
Yum. Fried cheese.
Why does fried cheese look so bad, but taste so good?
Can you find parking downtown?
Here comes your ship.
I like your beard stubble.
I wonder what is the best-tasting toasted insect.
Pull out of your nosedive, Tom.
Everything at this upscale restaurant is microwaved.
She is the sweetest.
I needed sunlight and vitamin D.
If you deconstruct my salad, I will deconstruct you.
You have to be twelve years old to understand him.
Why did I travel eleven thousand miles just to eat a bowl of grubs for a midnight snack?
The sun is back.
The sun feels good.
The dog likes to nap in the sun.
I stole your wallet.
I used to skip rocks in this river.
I'm not sure if this strategic beard stubble is working for me.
I'm going to eat the rest of the spaghetti sauce when I get home.
I love spaghetti!
Some lady is talking about lung cancer while vaping.
That oxygen tank is sexy.
No one can cheat the system except the mobsters.
The dog likes to hide stale bread.
I am willing to sell.
The Internet thinks garlic bread is funny.
I'm tired of modern music.
This tastes bitter.
Sleep is one of the most important human functions.
I'm itchy.
I love my new pajamas!
The company headquarters is in Paris.
Please do not buy scones.
I think it fell between the seats.
Stop snorting when you laugh!
It smells like oatmeal.
I'm sore.
She's tired after a long week.
I drank her wine.
Pour the wine into the sauce.
Did you leave the toaster-oven on?
Someone stole my software manual from my office.
She thinks she's Chris Farley.
She's sleeping softly.
The dog is disinterested in the leftovers.
Your skin looks great.
Do you like my beard?
Do you have anything healthy to eat?
I like westerns.
My ancestor was a Mongolian horseman.
Pure genius. Your whole family is dying from smoking, but you still smoke.
She's breathing.
His dog is older than me.
Tom's dog got accepted to Glassboro.
Don't waste your money on those microwave restaurants.
Don't buy anything in a package.
He's into armed robbery.
He got those horrible tattoos and now he regrets it.
Network television hires the worst writers on earth.
We are very tired and irritable.
Day by day, vegetables are becoming more expensive.
I gave you my heart for you to love it, not for you to use it.
Maria isn't Tom's enemy.
Thanks for the quick admission!
I'm still waiting for you.
I know it for sure!
I missed you today, like every day!
Who is already awake?
Unfortunately, it's often like that.
That's life, unfortunately!
I wish you all a relaxing Thursday!
What you call love is nothing more than just attraction.
Who is my opponent?
Tom is richer than it seems.
What do you call love?
Maria also looked after the animals.
There are eight million Jehovah’s Witnesses on Earth but, according to their teachings, only 144,people will be saved at the end of the world.
It's cold out and you're warm.
Warm me up.
It's freezing!
My hands and feet are freezing.
Suddenly smelling smoke could be a sign of stoke.
I'm a big fish in a small pond.
I bought too much cheese.
Who's sorry now?
I'm always looking for a new cheese.
At the sound of a minivan's side door slamming shut in the distance, Tom's dog exploded with a series of deafening barks.
May I have a pickle?
Bacon is an overly processed food. It is healthier to eat a pork chop.
After grandma stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains, she had more energy and no longer needed to take afternoon naps.
This cheddar cheese is made from Welsh brown ale, horseradish, and mustard seeds.
I received a premium six-piece cheese knife set as a birthday gift.
There's a BMI checkpoint ahead. They're calculating people's BMI and making them pay a fat tax.
They're imprisoning gourmands for their sinful gluttony.
Tom's dog growled at the neighbors.
Pomegranate arils mixed with whole milk plain yogurt makes an extremely healthy and delicious addition to a meal.
Eating nuts will help you live five years longer.
Learning everything about diet and nutrition is as difficult as learning a new language.
Please, stop.
Different? How so?
Any news?
Any new adventures?
Who is your dermatologist?
Your skin looks fantastic.
In your later years, you will sincerely regret being critical of yourself.
Begin knocking on doors. One will open!
Be your own best friend.
Make someone happy.
Respect animals.
He's either a hipster or he comes from an imaginary Eastern European country.
Do I or don't I want the extra responsibility of maintaining a beard?
I just wanted to stop you and tell you how glorious your beard is.
I'm getting a caffeine high from this excellent coffee.
Don't wave that pickle at me while you're talking!
The fuse has been lit.
He's donating blood as much as he can.
You can donate blood if you have none of these restrictions.
She's opened her third eye but has closed the other two.
I was the third one there this morning.
The blood bank is closed on Fridays and Saturdays.
His massive physique saved no one.
During the outbreak, citizens were required to report any diarrhea to the authorities immediately.
Too much saturated fat gives me diarrhea.
Orange juice is guaranteed to give me diarrhea.
Fade to black.
After loosing too much bodily fluids, Tom began to hallucinate and he began to believe he was in the opulent interiors of the Titanic.
Here. Wear my coat.
How is your stomach?
Loosing hair on your head? Grow a beard.
This antique horsehair sofa smells like old cigars.
I pressed and dried wildflowers in between the pages of huge books.
The sheer curtains floated in the summer breeze.
He spent the day shopping for antique lace curtains.
He has an exclusive antiquities shop in Manhattan.
He grew up in an cultured environment.
He's developed an autoimmune disease from all these rare volumes.
You should see a specialist.
Nice Kool-Aid mustache, dude.
We're all "drinking the Kool-Aid" here.
He's not believable.
It's a modern design.
She was the victim of a car accident.
Tom looks great with his gunslinger beard and mustache.
His madness is genius and his genius is madness.
Her underwear was a bit too steampunk for me.
My new beard is itching like crazy.
This tastes like dishwater.
The decision is not optimal, but I concur.
Let us stroke our beards for a moment.
I'll ponder it.
Strike a pose.
He's such a poser.
He's a total tool.
The noise is too much for me.
I can understand your instructions.
Lemon water for table five, please.
I have a growing desire for dried Turkish apricots.
He went blind in one eye.
His estranged father is a psychopath.
Fresh dill will go nicely with the salmon.
Please teach me the magic of cooking with fresh herbs.
Would you like basil on your spaghetti?
No one can spell "spaghetti."
I'm sort of a pickle connoisseur.
Is there a Jewish deli nearby?
I am always thinking about eating.
What is the best cheese in your opinion?
He doesn't like baguettes. It's always quinoa with him.
He licks between my toes.
He messed up.
He screwed up.
We're paying too much for citrus.
Can we replace our psychopaths with computer programs?
This sunlight feels great.
The elite know what they are doing when they deprive workers of sunlight.
Can you give me an update?
Saturn's daughter, fearing it, and remembering the protracted war which she had first waged at Troy on behalf of her beloved Argives -- the causes of her anger and her fierce grievances had still not died down in her soul.
What is your agenda today?
I wish I could return to Paris and order a dozen oysters at an outdoor cafe while soaking in the sun.
Protect your heart.
Which folder should I open?
You will not deter me!
Thank you, you have fixed it.
I am never satiated.
I dream of the perfect Lebanese meal.
That was silly of me.
Fuck this beard! It itches!
She has crabs now that they are in season.
He's a different person.
Health is diet on the one hand and cardiovascular fitness on the other.
I don't want to be a stereotype.
I get it now. I really get it.
I've got quinoa coming out my ass.
Church steeples - overturned funnels to lead prayers to heaven.
What favorable wind pushed you towards us?
Drought increases the risk of fires.
The proportion of ozone increases sharply.
Tom has increased the power of his bike.
Does this meet your expectations?
Tom is spinning a bad cotton.
The profits exceeded all our expectations.
The spider spins its web.
My son is one and a half years old.
Tom was declared the winner by forfeit.
Mandarins are rich in vitamins.
We thought he was rich.
Mary cared for the sick and the poor.
Tom had foreseen his reproaches.
You must advance step by step.
Mandarin oranges are rich in vitamins.
One must prove the merits of a claim.
If I were you, I would change the tires already.
Children are not allowed in the front seat.
Tom ate an ice cream with whipped cream.
"Do you want an apple?" "No thanks, I've already eaten two."
What are you eating for lunch?
Tom went to eat a sandwich in a small cafe.
Does your snake bite?
Roll the die!
Want to play a game?
Look at this horrible, watery soup!
This soup is wonderful!
Peel an orange.
"No gluten or somebody gets hurt," said the gangster.
I'll count to ten.
I'm plum tuckered.
All these bananas are bruised.
"I saw a giant purple monkey and it was eating a bowl of beautiful goats," said no one, ever.
To hell with this beard!
All over the world, people are growing fatter.
Please peel this orange for me.
I made a regrettable mistake.
I'm plum tuckered out.
What a jerk.
I'm all tuckered out.
What a con.
Now, let's eat.
What an extensive program!
What effrontery!
By a hundred.
Oh, dear!
What an abomination!
Hold in your farts until this is over.
You had the beef, you the chicken, and you the potatoes. If we all fart at once, they won't be able to identify the culprit.
I can't hold this fart in much longer!
Tom has only done that two times.
Go lunch with me or I'll fart.
He can fart on a dime.
This plum wine is from the previous century.
We're not allowed to shave our cats here.
Can I wash and blow dry your cat?
Would you like to smell a rare and deadly fart?
Tom doesn't want to wait in line.
This car seat collects farts and returns the favor the next morning.
This car seat has a sort of "fart memory."
Are there still wolves around here?
So you think you're special?
And what is the answer?
Was this the first time?
Your beard looks horrible!
Are your kids still in bed?
Wash your beard.
You stink to high heaven.
Hose him off.
Lift the seat before you pee.
It's too bad you can't come to the party.
"Translate this sentence and no one gets hurt," said the gangster.
Don't make me sit up.
"All I want to do is eat chocolate," said Mary.
"Can I borrow a cup of sugar?" said Mary.
Can I borrow a cup of sugar?
Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
"Is this your wallet? I found it in the street," said Tom.
Is this your wallet?
I found your wallet on the backseat of my car.
I think the wallet that Tom found is yours.
I'd like you to look over these documents.
I think I'll have one more ice cream cone.
Tom is obsessed with dieting and food.
Tom should become obsessed with fitness next.
Tom needs to think.
I miss Benny Hill.
We need some relief from the dog farts.
Mary felt a sense of pride.
When Mary was single, she would have a farting contest with her dog every night.
In Soviet Russia, beard shaves you.
If you had taken the map, we wouldn't have been lost.
Didn't you use to have a cat?
What changed her mind?
They'll change their minds.
Elbonia is a shithole country.
Mary likes to make a quick Persian mustard salad dressing with tablespoons of Dijon mustard, teaspoon of white wine vinegar, tablespoon of olive oil, salt, and pepper.
It was a nice surprise to return home and see a present sitting in the porch.
I'll have the soup du jour, the Salade Niçoise, and a latte.
"This is my first pickle factory tour," said Tom.
Tomorrow I'll be better.
The more one works, the more one earns.
"How can I procure an endless supply of nachos?" thought Tom out loud on the bus ride to Paris.
"Can dogs talk?" asked Tom. "Of course not," said the family cat.
Mobsters stole a truckload of frog legs, but the police never bothered to investigate.
I can't do it today. You should come tomorrow.
"Tom, what is your dog's name?" asked his neighbor.
"Tom, you are allowed to grow a mutton chop beard, but you will be fined five dollars every working day," said his employer.
Tom was furious about the people wearing fur on the movie set.
"Something is rotten in my Danish beard," said Tom, itching his mutton chops furiously.
"Alight and up take the sword of freedom. For the light shines and all the good poets are dead!" said Tom before he fell off the balcony to his death.
Walking another family's dog other than your own is considered cheating.
And so, what do you propose?
I see a big difference.
What time was it?
Do you have a collection of these?
Put them in the basket.
Simon says, "Stop reading this sentence."
"He is an advanced jerk," said Mary, throwing her phone into her purse.
I've told a whole lot of lies and I don't want you to talk to them because I'll never remember what I've said.
I'll tell you what happened. You started blabbering and they figured the whole plot out. We're screwed!
His car theft charges were dropped, after the police commissioner's house mysteriously burnt down.
He is just musically gifted. He mastered the guitar in one year at the age of 15.
"Mary, remember those small wax bottles with flavored syrup inside that we used to eat as kids?" said Tom while shoving ten of them into her mouth at one time.
"Hey, Mary! Remember when I was so fat that I would drop food into my fat folds and it would begin to rot a few days later?" said Tom into the phone from the hospital gurney.
"Life laid in from of me. Her name was Mary. All two-hundred and eighty pounds of her," wrote Tom in his diary while drinking wine by candlelight.
He was super creepy.
"Oh, Tom has talent. A lot of it. He's given me venereal disease three times this year. And it's only January!" wrote Mary in an online Internet forum while wiping away tears.
The doctor attended to the sick old man all night, pouring shot after shot of whiskey into the old man's open mouth until he died.
"Susan got sick from Tom's horrible beef stew. But now I find out that she's carrying his twins!" said Mary to her mother over the phone.
"Tom, I can see your house -- from my sniper scope!" said Mary over her cell. Luckily for Tom it was just Mary wearing a Halloween costume and not a real ninja assassin calling him.
"Tom, a proper hunger strike does not include protein-style hamburgers," said Mary.
Being unable to detect sarcasm is a warning sign for frontotemporal dementia.
Your dog is a furry little egotistical jerk.
Tom's face detected an unsupported facial hair configuration.
There wasn't a single seat available on the overcrowded bus.
Tom threw up all over his clothes.
Tom threw up on me.
Tom suffers from stage fright.
The news hit Tom like a ton of bricks.
Please run another test.
Please run another test. There must be some mistake.
The ball hit the back of the net.
That puck almost hit the back of the net.
Mary's eyes widened.
"Can you understand that?" "No, I can't."
We celebrated Tom's birthday.
I've never fainted before.
"Are you all right?" "Yeah, l'm fine."
Tom hasn't changed at all.
Mary hasn't changed at all.
He hasn't changed at all.
She hasn't changed at all.
Tom walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother had walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother walked in on them kissing.
Tom said goodbye to his friends and got on the airplane.
I took a vacation.
We went skiing.
Tom and Mary went skiing.
Tom took a video of Mary surfing and posted it on his Instagram.
We went surfing every day.
The waves were amazing.
This physicist studies waves.
Tom is an avid surfer.
About 68% of Instagram users are female.
Tom surfed with dolphins.
Tom had surfed many times with dolphins before.
I'm exhausted after all that driving.
You and Tom are so cute!
Mary dried her hair with a hair dryer.
Mary has a wicked sense of humor.
"It was your idea." "I know."
Tom wants to make everyone happy.
Maybe he forgot.
I've dreamed about it since I was a child.
Tom took about selfies.
The wind lifted her hair.
Tom gave the puck away.
Tom dumped the puck in.
She kissed his cheek.
Mary kissed Tom's cheek.
Tom took surf lessons.
Do you like winter?
I have a car, but I don't have a horse.
The goalie deflected the puck with his stick.
The blonde's name is Mary.
Tom took a selfie in front of the mirror.
Mary pulled her hair in a bun.
"Don't forget." "I won't."
Tom slept on the floor that night.
Tom slept on the sofa that night.
"If you don't need it anymore, give it to me." "What do you mean? My husband?" " Your red sweater! "
My son is allergic to antibiotics.
We are going to the beach.
I don't get bored alone at home.
Tom wants to be strong.
Tom wants to have a nice body to impress girls at the beach.
What is Mary afraid of?
"Do you like him?" "No." "Why are you blushing then?"
Tom's parents are strict.
Dolphins are social animals.
Mary has long, shiny hair.
Mary is a surfer.
Tom has a six-pack.
I'm so glad I did this.
I'm so glad we did this.
I'm so glad I went surfing today.
Tom only wears brand-name clothes.
Mary only wears designer clothing.
Tom put on his wetsuit.
Mary only wears designer clothes.
Tom only wears designer clothes.
The other girls laughed.
The other boys laughed.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be punished.
Tom was the only one who got injured.
Tom was the only one who was hurt.
In the garden there are many red flowers.
"Do you like him?" "No." "Then why are you blushing?"
Mary took a selfie while making a duck face.
Tom took a selfie while flexing his muscles.
The tourist took a picture of the famous monument while pretending to support it with his hand.
Tom took a picture of himself pretending to push the Tower of Pisa.
All the tourists took the same pictures.
Tom took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them.
Tom showed me his phone.
Mary showed me her phone.
Tom held his phone up to take a selfie.
Please don't make that duck face ever again.
Tom is a real charmer.
Tom made friends with everybody he met.
Mary made friends with everyone she met.
Tom's favorite pictures are the ones that feature members of his family and friends.
Tom stole Mary's phone and took a bunch of selfies before sneaking it back into her purse.
The brunette's name is Mary.
Mary has salt-and-pepper hair.
Tom played soccer with the local children.
Mary sent a picture of herself to a boy she liked in her class.
Tom sent a text message to a girl he liked in his class.
Tom was Mary's late husband's best friend.
When do you intend to come home this evening?
"How long did you believe in Santa Claus?" "I never believed in Santa Claus. We had the Christkind."
Everyone in Hawaii received an emergency alert that a ballistic missile was inbound.
Tom watched an infomercial.
The false alarm was caused by human error.
Smiling is contagious.
Tom has a contagious smile.
Mary has a contagious smile.
Tom is one of the best surfers on the West Coast.
Why can't I go to the party?
I don't really know what I'm doing.
The locals were friendly.
The surfers partied on the beach.
The Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) was enacted on October 21, 1972.
Abalone once supported important commercial and recreational fisheries in California, but the impacts of overfishing and disease have prompted the listing of two species of abalone, white and black, as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.
Eulachon are an anadromous forage fish and are endemic to the northeastern Pacific Ocean; they range from northern California to southwest and south-central Alaska and into the southeastern Bering Sea.
The MMPA prohibits, with certain exceptions, the "take" of marine mammals in U.S. waters and by U.S. citizens on the high seas, and the importation of marine mammals and marine mammal products into the U.S.
All cetaceans (whales, dolphins, and porpoises), all sirenians (manatees and dugongs) and several marine carnivores (seals, otters, walrus, and polar bears) are protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).
The surfers were looking for the perfect wave.
Twenty-six species of sturgeon can be found in temperate waters of the Northern Hemisphere, two of which reside on the West Coast of North America: the green sturgeon ( Acipenser medirostris) and the white sturgeon (Acipenser trensmontanus).
Salmon and steelhead start their lives in freshwater streams and tributaries. They then migrate downstream, rearing and maturing, before they reach the ocean. They live in the ocean for to years, migrating thousands of miles, before beginning the journey upstream to their natal streams where they spawn to produce the next generation of fish.
This remarkable life cycle is what makes salmon and steelhead truly unique.
Tom and Mary camped out on the beach.
The leatherback turtle is the largest turtle and one of the largest living reptiles in the world.
As its name suggests, the leatherback is the only sea turtle that doesn't have a hard bony shell.
Leatherbacks are found across the globe in temperate and tropical latitudes and are highly migratory.
Pacific leatherbacks face significant threats from entanglement and/or hooking in fisheries (bycatch), direct harvest - including eggs and adults - coastal development, pollution, marine debris, disease and climate change.
The harvest of sea turtles and their eggs for food or any other domestic or commercial use constitutes a widespread threat to the species.
Human populations are growing rapidly in many areas of the coastal Pacific and this expansion is exerting increasing pressure on limited resources.
Coastal development and village sprawl is occurring at a rapid rate and is resulting in a loss of sea turtle nesting areas with associated disturbance of nesting females.
Sea urchins have spines.
Shore crabs hide under rocks.
Tidepool sculpins can change color and pattern to match their surroundings.
A decorator crab attaches tiny animals to its back so it's practically invisible.
Gooseneck barnacles sweep the water with their feathery legs to catch plankton.
Aggregating anemones use their tentacles to sting and paralyze prey.
Bat stars stick their stomachs and digestive juices over their food to liquefy it.
Although tide pool creatures can survive harsh conditions, human visitors can easily disturb them.
A simple act like turning over a rock and exposing the animals to the sun can harm them.
When you visit tide pools, do your part to preserve this special place.
Step Lightly. Most rocks are covered with living animals and plants. Step carefully to avoid crushing them.
Sit quietly and watch for a few minutes.
Sit quietly and watch for a few minutes. You'll see and learn much more this way.
If you touch an animal or plant, touch it gently.
Leave everything as you found it.
Strict laws govern collecting tide pool life.
Enjoy seashore life in its natural environment and leave the plants and animals exactly as you found them.
Keep an eye out for waves, and don't turn your back on the ocean.
Dress in layers and bring sunscreen and sunglasses.
Our very existence and future depends upon the sea, yet oceans worldwide are being harmed by human activities such as pollution, habitat destruction, over-harvesting and coastal development.
The ocean covers more than percent of the earth, but is among the least explored ecosystem.
If we are to live on this planet in ways that sustain our needs, we must better understand the world's ocean, and accord it the protection it deserves.
The Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary was designated September 18, by the federal government under the authority of the National Marine Sanctuaries Act.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), under the United States Department of Commerce (DOC), manages the National Marine Sanctuary System, which includes sites and one marine national monument.
I can't move my fingers.
We were stuck in the middle of nowhere.
Suddenly, they were all over each.
Suddenly, they were making out.
These waters are rich in nutrients.
Humpback whales are often curious and may swim right alongside your boat, even rolling side-ways to look up at people.
Dress warmly and in layers.
It can be much colder on the water.
Wear sunscreen and bring sunglasses.
Take seasickness medication at least an hour before you board.
Wear flat, rubber-soled shoes.
Whales, dolphins and porpoises are divided into two groups: toothed and baleen.
Baleen whales, such as gray and humpback whales, have hundreds of comb-like plates with stiff bristles growing from the upper jaw to strain small food from huge mouthfuls of water.
Toothed whales, including dolphins, porpoises, sperm whales and orcas, use sharp, pointed teeth to catch fish and other large prey.
About 85% of the California coast experiences active erosion due to natural, and anthropogenic causes.
Storm damage continually erodes away at the coastline, most notably during El Niño years and other heavy storms.
Hard surfaces, such as concrete, cover large portions of land, impede the natural absorption of water, and thus exacerbate surficial erosion on adjacent unprotected land.
Seawalls are barriers, usually vertical walls, between the land and water that protect from wave erosion.
Coastal armoring can potentially damage or alter local coastal habitats, deprive beaches of sand, lead to accelerated erosion of adjacent beaches, hinder access and present problems with public safety.
Currents, waves, and wind normally transport sediment throughout the littoral system. Armoring of the coast can interfere with littoral transport, which in a natural state may reach a dynamic equilibrium.
Armoring also causes deflection of wave energy, which can accelerate erosion of nearby sites, expanding the need for shoreline armoring structures.
As cliffs and sand dunes retreat, the vacated area becomes part of the beach environment and the position of the beach shifts landward.
Building a protective structure in front of a cliff or dune temporarily stabilizes the seaward location of the cliff or dune edge, however beach erosion continues. Since no new beach area is created through cliff or dune retreat, a net loss of beach area occurs.
Coastal armoring can result in the loss of beach and intertidal areas.
Tom and Mary helped clean up the beach.
Tom and Mary went whale watching.
The Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary is one of the best places in the world to see marine wildlife. You can see seals, sea lions, sea otters, whales, dolphins and seabirds any time of year!
Keep your distance! You're too close if an animal starts to stare, fidget or flee. Slowly back away and stay at least feet (meters) away.
Stay away from animals that appear sick, injured or abandoned.
Mothers often leave young behind while feeding offshore. Even a lone sea otter or seal pup is probably not abandoned!
Don't feed wildlife. Human food can attract them and make them sick, a potentially dangerous situation for all.
Keep pets on a leash.
Pets can disturb or harm wildlife, or cause mothers and babies to get separated.
Leave tide pool and beach animals where you find them. They die quickly if removed from their home.
Avoid sensitive habitats. Observe signs directing you away from important nesting or resting areas.
Dispose of trash properly and pick up litter.
Animals can get entangled in debris or mistake it for food.
Help others become responsible wildlife watchers.
Speak up if you notice other viewers behaving in a way that disturbs wildlife.
Use environmentally safe cleansers and garden products.
Buy only the products that you really need and produce as little trash as possible, recycling what you don't need.
Never touch, handle or ride marine wildlife.
Why do we buy eggs by the dozen?
Touching wildlife, or attempting to do so, can injure the animal, put you at risk and may also be illegal for certain species.
The slimy coating on fish and many marine invertebrates protects the animal from infection and is easily rubbed off with a hand, glove or foot.
Wild animals may bite, body slam or even pull you underwater if startled or threatened.
Feeding or attempting to attract wildlife with food, decoys, sound or light disrupts normal feeding cycles, may cause sickness or death from unnatural or contaminated food items, and habituates animals to people.
Do not feed or attract marine wildlife.
Human garbage is one of the greatest threats to marine wildlife.
When operating a boat, lead by example and reduce your speed in areas frequented by marine wildlife, anchor properly and encourage others to do the same.
Habituated animals are vulnerable to vessel strikes or vandalism, and can be dangerous to people.
Never completely surround the animal, trap an animal between a vessel and shore, block its escape route, or come between mother and young.
The protected waters of Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary are home to the third-largest barrier coral reef in the world and beckon millions of visitors each year.
Sea lions are brown, bark loudly, “walk" on land using their large flippers and have visible ear flaps.
Seals have small flippers, wriggle on their bellies on land and lack visible ear flaps.
Sea otters are smaller than seals and sea lions, have stubby front paws and rest by floating on their back.
Quiet and shy, harbor seals can be seen year-round resting on rocks just offshore.
Often curious, harbor seals will watch people walking along the shore or follow divers or kayakers in the water.
Although they spend most of the year feeding far offshore, elephant seals can be seen on beaches and islands when breeding, pupping or resting.
In winter, huge elephant seal males with large elephant-like noses and long canine teeth engage in bloody battles to establish territories and harems of females.
Usually found in or near kelp forests, sea otters dine on invertebrates such as snails, crabs, octopuses, urchins, and abalone.
Sea otters often use small rocks to crack open hard-shelled prey.
Since sea otters lack blubber, they burn calories quickly and eat up to percent of their body weight a day.
Sea otters rest by wrapping themselves in kelp to keep from drifting away.
To keep their thick fur waterproof, sea otters spend hours grooming.
Sea otters were hunted to near-extinction for their fur in the 1700s and 1800s.
Shorebirds and waders, such as sandpipers, plovers, avocets, herons and egrets, forage along wetlands and beaches of the sanctuary.
Some seabirds, like albatrosses, and storm-petrels, remain far out at sea where they feed and rest, coming ashore only to breed.
The shoreline and coastal wetlands provide critical feeding and resting habitat for shorebirds and waders.
Threats to marine bird populations worldwide include competition for food with fisheries; entanglement in fishing gear; ingestion of marine debris and disturbance of roosting and breeding birds by watercraft, aircraft, humans and introduced species (especially cats, rats and foxes), environmental pollution and oil spills.
Encompassing more than 5,square miles, the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary is one of the richest, most diverse marine environments in the world encompassing wave-swept beaches, lush kelp forests, and one of the deepest underwater canyons in North America.
Fish, birds, and mammals are especially sensitive to even small amounts of toxic compounds in oil, fuel, and other petroleum products.
Wildlife can get entangled in plastic items or mistake them for food.
Animals may die of starvation or poisoning when plastic is in their stomachs.
Always stow your trash for disposal in port.
Recycle and reduce solid waste by using reusable products.
Speeding boats are dangerous to marine life and people.
Please drive slowly near sensitive habitats such as kelp forests and bird rookeries to minimize disturbance.
Although it may be tempting to approach marine mammals and birds for a closer look, these are protected, wild animals. It is against federal law to disturb them or cause them to change their behavior.
In ideal conditions, giant kelp can grow up to inches per day.
The giant kelp canopies tower above the ocean floor.
Kelp is the backbone of Monterey Bay coastal ecology.
Like the trees in a forest these giant algae provide food and shelter for the many organisms dependent on these plants.
Storms and large weather events, like the El Nino, can tear and dislodgethe kelp, leaving a tattered winter forest to begin its growth again each spring.
On the rocks where the holdfasts secure kelp fronds to the bottom live many invertebrates including abalone, sea urchins and sea stars.
Among the kelp blades live a variety of fish - particularly juveniles.
The subtidal reefs host a myriad of sponges, anemones and corals, whose presence converts the dark rock to fields of vibrant color.
At first glance the sand seems barren and unproductive. After a while, if you are careful not to kick up sand, you might see tiny benthic communities of tube-building worms come alive as they sweep the passing nutrient rich waters with tentacles to capture food.
If you are really lucky you may encounter a cluster of living sand dollars, half buried in the sand.
Today I feel good
I ate enough
There wasn't enough room for everyone.
This boat is not seaworthy.
Tom surfed the large wave.
A dog could never be President of the United States. He would give away state secrets for back scratches.
Extraterrestrials would probably prefer the company of autists rather than illogical and emotional non-autists.
Step #1: Buy a puppy. Step #2: Buy a stethoscope. Step #3: Feed puppy a huge meal. Step #4: Listen to all the awesome gurgling sounds in the puppy's little tummy.
A plane skidded off the runway at Trazbon Airport in Turkey, almost ending up into the sea.
I like that lamp.
Each bedroom has an en suite bathroom.
Each bedroom has a private bathroom.
Mary saw Tom making out with a random girl.
Mary is a dance instructor.
Tom wore an oversized T-shirt.
Mary wore an oversized T-shirt.
Mary wore one of Tom's T-shirts.
Did you hear that Tom and Mary broke up?
"Did you hear that Tom and Mary broke up?" "What? Really?"
A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members.
There are five people in our family.
There are three children in my family.
His parents had a baby.
They can still change their minds.
This breed of dog grooms itself like a cat.
The puppy is sleeping on my head.
As a general rule, one should not whittle sticks in the dark.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he stayed up all night, was seated at the breakfast table.
Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
How did you know what I was doing?
How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the back of your head.
Mary laughed nervously.
“Really, Watson, you excel yourself,” said Holmes.
It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.
He had never said as much before, and I must admit that his words gave me keen pleasure, for I had often been piqued by his indifference to my admiration.
Has anything escaped me?
I am afraid, my dear Watson, that most of your conclusions were erroneous.
When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth.
He was a very tall, thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which shot out between two keen, grey eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.
"I presume that it is Mr. Sherlock Holmes whom I am addressing and not—" "No, this is my friend Dr. Watson."
Sherlock Holmes waved our strange visitor into a chair.
"I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
This family paper was committed to my care by Sir Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months ago created so much excitement in Devonshire.
I was his personal friend as well as his medical attendant.
He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical, and as unimaginative as I am myself.
Holmes leaned back in his chair, placed his finger-tips together, and closed his eyes.
Dr. Mortimer turned the manuscript to the light, and read in a high, crackling voice the following curious, old-world narrative.
Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there have been many statements, yet as I come in a direct line from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth.
Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name, nor can it be gainsaid that he was a most wild, profane, and godless man.
It chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so bright a name) the daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. But the young maiden, being discreet and of good repute, would ever avoid him, for she feared his evil name.
So it came to pass that one Michaelmas this Hugo, with five or six of his idle and wicked companions, stole down upon the farm and carried off the maiden, her father and brothers being from home, as he well knew.
He found the cage empty and the bird escaped.
He cried aloud before all the company that he would that very night render his body and soul to the Powers of Evil if he might but overtake the wench.
While the revellers stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her.
Hugo ran from the house, crying to his grooms that they should saddle his mare and unkennel the pack, and giving the hounds a kerchief of the maid’s, he swung them to the line, and so off full cry in the moonlight over the moor.
Now, for some space the revellers stood agape, unable to understand all that had been done in such haste.
But anon their bemused wits awoke to the nature of the deed which was like to be done upon the moorlands.
Everything was now in an uproar, some calling for their pistols, some for their horses, and some for another flask of wine.
The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must needs have taken if she were to reach her own home.
They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to him to know if he had seen the hunt.
The man, as the story goes, was so crazed with fear that he could scarce speak, but at last he said that he had indeed seen the unhappy maiden, with the hounds upon her track.
‘But I have seen more than that,’ said he, ‘for Hugo Baskerville passed me upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hound of hell as God forbid should ever be at my heels.’
But soon their skins turned cold, for there came a sound of galloping across the moor, and the black mare, dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle and empty saddle.
The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may guess, than when they started.
Three of the men, the boldest, or it may be, the most drunken, rode forward down the goyal. Now, it opened into a broad space in which stood two of those great stones, still to be seen there, which were set by certain forgotten peoples in the days of old.
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue.
But it was not the sight of her body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon.
And even as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.
One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and the other twain were but broken men for the rest of their days.
Such is the tale, my sons, of the coming of the hound which is said to have plagued the family so sorely ever since.
It cannot be denied that many of the family have been unhappy in their deaths, which have been sudden, bloody, and mysterious.
I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of evil are exalted.
This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.
When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket.
This is the Devon County Chronicle of June 14th of this year. It is a short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date.
The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville has cast a gloom over the county.
Though Sir Charles had resided at Baskerville Hall for a comparatively short period his amiability of character and extreme generosity had won the affection and respect of all who had been brought into contact with him.
Suddenly they were kissing passionately.
They started kissing wildly.
In these days of nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur of his line.
Sir Charles, as is well known, made large sums of money in South African speculation.
More wise than those who go on until the wheel turns against them, he realised his gains and returned to England with them.
One day, Mary received a dozen roses.
His lips were soft.
Her lips were soft.
Tom was suddenly logged out of Tatoeba.
Apple has admitted that it slows down older iPhones.
Tom readjusted his glasses.
Being himself childless, it was his openly expressed desire that the whole countryside should, within his own lifetime, profit by his good fortune.
Sir Charles was a widower, and a man who may be said to have been in some ways of an eccentric habit of mind.
In spite of his considerable wealth he was simple in his personal tastes.
The facts of the case are simple.
It is understood that the next-of-kin is Mr. Henry Baskerville, if he be still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville’s younger brother.
The young man when last heard of was in America, and inquiries are being instituted with a view to informing him of his good fortune.
I am telling that which I have not confided to any one.
The moor is very sparsely inhabited.
Tom's heart started racing.
Mary's heart started racing.
Coal is a dying industry.
This boy is my brother.
This girl is my sister.
Tom and Mary looked at each other, and then suddenly they started kissing.
My mum likes it too.
Tom became much more relaxed.
He had taken this legend which I have read you exceedingly to heart—so much so that, although he would walk in his own grounds, nothing would induce him to go out upon the moor at night.
The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him.
The constant anxiety in which he lived, however chimerical the cause of it might be, was evidently having a serious effect upon his health.
I carefully examined the body, which had not been touched until my arrival.
Sir Charles lay on his face, his arms out, his fingers dug into the ground, and his features convulsed with some strong emotion to such an extent that I could hardly have sworn to his identity.
I confess at these words a shudder passed through me.
There was a thrill in the doctor’s voice which showed that he was himself deeply moved by that which he told us.
Holmes leaned forward in his excitement, and his eyes had the hard, dry glitter which shot from them when he was keenly interested.
“You saw this?” “As clearly as I see you.”
How was it that no one else saw it?
Since the tragedy, Mr. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature.
I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to science.
They all agreed that it was a huge creature, luminous, ghastly, and spectral.
I have cross-examined these men, one of them a hard-headed countryman, one a farrier, and one a moorland farmer, who all tell the same story of this dreadful apparition, exactly corresponding to the hell-hound of the legend.
I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the moor at night.
“And you, a trained man of science, believe it to be supernatural?” “I do not know what to believe.”
He fled to Central America, and died there in of yellow fever.
Henry is the last of the Baskervilles.
In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station.
In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for a Baskerville—that is your opinion?
But surely, if your supernatural theory be correct, it could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A devil with merely local powers like a parish vestry would be too inconceivable a thing.
I knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence, constructed alternative theories, balanced one against the other, and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial.
I therefore spent the day at my club, and did not return to Baker Street until evening.
Through the haze I had a vague vision of Holmes in his dressing-gown coiled up in an armchair with his black clay pipe between his lips.
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes.
“On the contrary, I have been to Devonshire.” “In spirit?” “Exactly. My body has remained in this armchair, and has, I regret to observe, consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco."
Henry Baskerville was a small, alert, dark-eyed man about thirty years of age, very sturdily built, with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face
“What a pity we did not get the cab number!” “My dear Watson, clumsy as I have been, you surely do not seriously imagine that I neglected to get the number?"
Sherlock Holmes had, in a very remarkable degree, the power of detaching his mind at will. For two hours the strange business in which we had been involved appeared to be forgotten, and he was entirely absorbed in the pictures of the modern Belgian masters.
He would talk of nothing but art.
The consultation is free.
I got a new foot pedal for my guitar.
Another ship sank.
I wonder who sent me those roses.
Mary and I got engaged.
Bear in mind, Sir Henry, one of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of darkness when the powers of evil are exalted.
It’s an ugly business, Watson, an ugly, dangerous business, and the more I see of it the less I like it.
Keep your revolver near you night and day, and never relax your precautions.
Our friends had already secured a first-class carriage and were waiting for us upon the platform.
The journey was a swift and pleasant one.
Red cows grazed in well-hedged fields where the lush grasses and more luxuriant vegetation spoke of a richer, if a damper climate.
Young Baskerville stared eagerly out of the window, and cried aloud with delight as he recognised the familiar features of the Devon scenery.
I was a boy in my teens at the time of my father’s death.
Tom got fired after spending more than $10,at a strip club with his company's credit card.
Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood there rose in the distance a grey, melancholy hill, with a strange jagged summit, dim and vague in the distance, like some fantastic landscape in a dream.
There were pride, valour, and strength in his thick brows, his sensitive nostrils, and his large hazel eyes.
If on that forbidding moor a difficult and dangerous quest should lie before us, this was at least a comrade for whom one might venture to take a risk with the certainty that he would bravely share it.
The train pulled up at a small wayside station, and we all descended.
Rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage.
But behind the peaceful and sunlit country-side there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long, gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills.
The wagonette swung round into a side road, and we curved upward through deep lanes worn by centuries of wheels, high banks on either side, heavy with dripping moss and fleshy hart’s-tongue ferns.
Bronzing bracken and mottled bramble gleamed in the light of the sinking sun.
Still steadily rising, we passed over a narrow granite bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming and roaring amid the grey boulders.
Both road and stream wound up through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir.
At every turn Baskerville gave an exclamation of delight, looking eagerly about him and asking countless questions.
To his eyes all seemed beautiful, but to me a tinge of melancholy lay upon the country-side, which bore so clearly the mark of the waning year.
Yellow leaves carpeted the lanes and fluttered down upon us as we passed.
The rattle of our wheels died away as we drove through drifts of rotting vegetation—sad gifts, as it seemed to me, for Nature to throw before the carriage of the returning heir of the Baskervilles.
A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us.
On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his rifle poised ready over his forearm.
The soldier was watching the road along which we travelled.
There’s a convict escaped from Princetown, sir. He’s been out three days now, and the warders watch every road and every station, but they’ve had no sight of him yet.
I remembered the case well, for it was one in which Holmes had taken an interest on account of the peculiar ferocity of the crime and the wanton brutality which had marked all the actions of the assassin.
Our wagonette had topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. A cold wind swept down from it and set us shivering.
Somewhere there, on that desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in a burrow like a wild beast, his heart full of malignancy against the whole race which had cast him out. It needed but this to complete the grim suggestiveness of the barren waste, the chilling wind, and the darkling sky.
We had left the fertile country behind and beneath us. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands.
The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders.
Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone.
Suddenly we looked down into a cup-like depression, patched with stunted oaks and furs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of years of storm. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. The driver pointed with his whip. “Baskerville Hall,” said he.
The lodge was a ruin of black granite and bared ribs of rafters.
Baskerville shuddered as he looked up the long, dark drive to where the house glimmered like a ghost at the farther end.
From this central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenellated, and pierced with many loopholes.
A dull light shone through heavy mullioned windows.
From the high chimneys which rose from the steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke.
Welcome, Sir Henry! Welcome to Baskerville Hall!
“You don’t mind my driving straight home, Sir Henry?” said Dr. Mortimer. “My wife is expecting me.”
The door clanged heavily behind us.
In the great old-fashioned fireplace behind the high iron dogs a log-fire crackled and snapped.
We gazed round us at the high, thin window of old stained glass, the oak panelling, the stags’ heads, the coats-of-arms upon the walls, all dim and sombre in the subdued light of the central lamp.
Ukko is the god of the sky, weather, harvest and thunder in Finnish mythology.
He's quitting.
He's quitting and going back to school.
I love eggplant anything.
I want to visit all the ex-French colonies.
It's boiling underneath his skin.
The table is wobbly.
His new mustache looked like it belonged to some schmuck from Bergen County, New Jersey. So he shaved it off, placed it in an envelope, and mailed it to Paramus.
He's an eager beaver.
I saw his dark face lit up with a boyish enthusiasm as he gazed about him.
A square balustraded gallery ran round the top of the old hall.
These rooms appeared to be much more modern than the central part of the house.
The dining-room which opened out of the hall was a place of shadow and gloom. It was a long chamber with a step separating the daïs where the family sat from the lower portion reserved for their dependents. At one end a minstrel’s gallery overlooked it.
Black beams shot across above our heads, with a smoke-darkened ceiling beyond them.
This doesn't answer my question.
With rows of flaring torches to light it up, and the colour and rude hilarity of an old-time banquet, the dining room might have softened; but now, when two black-clothed gentlemen sat in the little circle of light thrown by a shaded lamp, one’s voice became hushed and one’s spirit subdued.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they can finish each other's thoughts.
Tom and Mary can finish each other's sentences.
They were passionately in love.
Tom and Mary held hands and watched the sun set over the ocean.
Tom and I could finish each other's thought.
Tom felt a pain in his chest.
Mary and her best friend often finish each other's sentences.
Tom and Mary's marriage started to unravel after a few years.
Tom pulled his shirt up over his head.
Mary pulled her shirt up over her head.
They began to bicker.
A dim line of ancestors, in every variety of dress, from the Elizabethan knight to the buck of the Regency, stared down upon us and daunted us by their silent company.
This is Tom's signature dish.
Things are not what they used to be.
I for one was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into the modern billiard-room.
"My word, it isn’t a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry.
This isn’t a very cheerful place.
I don't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived all alone in such a house as this.
Two confused sparrows flew in through the door and out through the window.
We will retire early tonight, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning.
Will you excuse us for a minute?
A half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks and the long, low curve of the melancholy moor.
I found myself weary and yet wakeful, tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep which would not come.
Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters of the hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house.
And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable.
It was the sob of a woman, the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow.
I sat up in bed and listened intently.
For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall.
There wasn't a soul there.
Tom hates spinach.
Tom doesn't value it very highly.
She is reading a book.
Please, no onions on my burger!
My greatest fault is sometimes believing that I don't have any.
We're getting cheeseburgers.
Tom, come inside! I've made your favorite meal. It's going to get cold soon..
The fresh beauty of the following morning did something to efface from our minds the grim and grey impression which had been left upon both of us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall.
As Sir Henry and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high mullioned windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the coats-of-arms which covered them.
The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays, and it was hard to realise that this was indeed the chamber which had struck such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before.
I have a lot to do today. Please come tomorrow!
Did you happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing in the night?
I heard it distinctly, and I am sure that it was really the sob of a woman.
There are only two women in the house.
I'm very busy today. Come tomorrow!
I have no time today. Come tomorrow!
Tom put on a leather jacket and ran out of the shop with it.
Tom is a skilled gymnast.
Guess where I've been!
As you know, we're gathered here to celebrate my birthday.
You ask dumb questions.
We want to learn.
Why do we talk about Tom so often?
Tom was too proud to admit that Maria was right and that he had made a mistake.
"There must be a logical explanation for it." "Not everything can be explained through logic, my dear Tom."
Tom showed up empty-handed at Maria's birthday party.
The people there live in unbelievable poverty.
Dear friends! I thank you for coming in spite of the ghastly weather.
So many years have gone by, and you're still just as dumb.
In England, they say "as drunk as a lord," in Russia by contrast, "as drunk as a shoemaker."
Do you want to lick the beaters?
Let's go kayaking.
When was the last time you went kayaking?
I think kayaking is a lot more fun than canoeing.
Did you make model cars as a kid?
We tied strings to all of my brother's plastic models in his room and when he turned the lights off to go to sleep, we pulled the strings.
We launched model rockets every weekend.
I'll call the cable company tomorrow.
Protein-style means no bun. It's wrapped in iceburg lettuce.
I grew up in New Jersey.
My father was an investment banker.
We had to run from the truant officer.
It was snowing out and we had to take our shoes off to run through the freezing stream.
We met at the pizza place almost every day.
Tom and his friends started stealing candy from the drug store.
Which language are you going to learn next?
You don't have the balls.
Look, there's my friend.
These bags are heavy.
This bag's heavy.
My brother and I are good tennis players.
His mother's at home. He's at school.
My sister's a nurse.
He's sick. He's in bed.
He's a very old man. He's ninety-eight years old.
These chairs aren't beautiful, but they're comfortable.
The weather's warm and sunny today.
You're late. — No, I'm not! I'm early.
She isn't home. She's at work.
My name's Alan.
I'm from New York.
I'm twenty years old.
It isn't windy today.
Brazil is a very big country.
Diamonds are not cheap.
Toronto isn't in the United States.
I'm not feeling right.
He's a good swimmer.
My name's Amanda.
No, I'm single.
Yes, I am.
No, you're on time.
No, she's out.
Are your parents at home?
Tom called Mary when his plane landed in China.
No, they're out.
Is it cold in your room?
Yes, a little.
Your shoes are nice. Are they new?
Yes, they are.
Where's your mother? Is she at home?
That's not a dance move.
My hair looks like a bird's nest.
These postcards are nice. How much are they?
They're a dollar. They're a buck. They're a pound. They're a euro.
This hotel isn't very good. Why is it so expensive?
He's the boss.
He's doing great.
No, but I'm thirsty.
Is your friend Chinese?
Yes, he is.
I was interested to hear that Arturo quit his job. — I, on the other hand, was surprised to hear it.
Ask Anna for her opinion. I'd be interested to know what she thinks.
Another day living in the war machine we call civilization.
I've enjoyed my stay here. I'll be sorry to leave.
Daisuke failed to solve the problem, whereas Aiko succeeded in solving the problem.
You'll receive delivery minutes after placing your order.
Become a polarizing figure for your industry by announcing that clients should not be tolerating the poor standards of service that are offered by your competitors.
Create a velvet rope community of preferred customers who get treated like VIPs and get preferential treatment.
Start leveraging the talents of others so you can come up with a collaborative approach that is demonstrably better than an individual effort.
Get busy harnessing every marketing vehicle you currently use to the nth degree and make sure you leave no stone unturned.
Know how much you can spend in attracting first-time buyers and still come out ahead.
These might be guarantees, extended trial periods, deferred payment plans or the bundling of add-on products.
Never start by thanking your audience for coming but rather focus on building an emotional connection.
Infrasonic waves have a frequency of less than 20Hz.
Mary was a slave.
"Tom Loves Mary" became the most successful sitcom in history.
Give your power sound bite as your first sentence and establish instant intimacy with your audience.
The most critical conversations and discussions in life involve numbers in context rather than raw numbers.
Summarize what you've said and repeat anew your power sound bite and three supporting statements.
Mary ordered a chocolate croissant.
Don't repeat or paraphrase the question you're being asked because it sounds patronizing.
Tom likes Mary's voluptuous body.
Now practice giving your entire presentation without notes, using just your slides to jog your memory.
Mary rode her bike into ditch.
Discuss what the audience should know at the end of the presentation.
Never say "That's a good question" because that means all other questions were dumb.
Tom ordered a sausage breakfast sandwich.
The accident looked serious, but fortunately nobody was injured.
Do you know many people? > Do you know a lot of people?
Let's get something to drink. We still have a little time before the train comes.
Some people learn languages more easily than others.
Tom started his own company.
What color are your new shoes?
Where are the children? — They're playing in the park.
We're having dinner now. Can I call you later?
We're here on vacation. We're staying at a hotel on the beach.
Some children feel proud of their parents, while others are ashamed of them.
If you're dependent on your parents, it means you still need them for money. If not, then you're financially independent.
Konstantin is a student at the college where I used to work.
The earth goes around the sun, and the moon goes around the earth.
I'm going to open a window to get some fresh air.
Enjoy your vacation. I hope you have good weather.
You can have two sandwiches but no more.
Buying groceries is an art form.
Help others and you help yourself.
The warmongers always kill the peacemakers.
Hey, dumbass, don't just sit there with your car idling for no reason.
No, it isn't.
Where's the camera?
No, it's black.
Is Lisa from Toronto?
Lead the charge!
No, she's American.
Yes, you are.
Where's Layla from?
She's from London.
What color is your bag?
It's black.
No, I'm not.
How's John?
Is your job interesting?
Are the stores open today?
Are your children at school?
At the stoplight.
Five (5), seven (7), and ten (10).
How much are these oranges?
A dollar fifty a pound ($1.50/lb). They're 2.Euros a kilo.
Who's the man in this photo?
They're black.
I'm Brian.
Are you Australian?
No, I'm Canadian.
I'm thirty-three.
No, I'm a doctor.
Is your wife a doctor?
No, she's a teacher.
Where is she from?
She's from Mexico.
Her name is Barbara.
She's twenty-six (26).
Are you married? — No, I'm not.
Are you thirsty? — Yes, I am.
Is it cold today? — No, it isn't.
Are your hands cold? — No, they aren't.
"Is it dark now?" "Yes, it is."
Are you a teacher? — Yes, I am.
I'm working. I'm not watching TV.
Barbara is reading a newspaper.
She isn't eating.
The children are doing their homework.
The weather's nice. It's not raining.
I'm not watching TV.
He's waiting for a bus.
He's lying on the floor.
We're eating breakfast.
She's sitting on the table.
He's in the kitchen. He's cooking.
You stepped on my foot. — I'm sorry.
Somebody is swimming in the river.
Where's Tara? — She's taking a shower.
They're building a new hotel downtown.
I'm leaving now, goodbye.
She isn't having dinner.
She's watching TV.
She's sitting on the floor.
He's not playing the piano.
He's laughing.
He's not writing a letter.
I'm not washing my hair.
The price is too high for this product. The product is overpriced.
I'll sell it to you for a hundred bucks.
You can do better than that. You can go lower than that.
Commit to memory the one key idea you want the audience to take away from each slide.
Discuss what is hoped they will do differently.
Discuss how they'll be better off for their investment of time.
I'm not eating.
I'm not studying English.
The sun isn't shining.
I'm wearing my shoes.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
Are you feeling okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Yes, take an umbrella.
Why are you wearing a coat?
What's he doing?
He's reading the newspaper.
They're watching TV.
Are you waiting for John?
Is Chris working today?
No, he isn't.
Is the sun shining?
Yes, it is.
Are your friends staying at a hotel?
No, they're staying with me.
No, you can turn it off.
Yes, see you tomorrow.
No, not right now.
Are you enjoying the movie?
Yes, it's very funny.
Does the clock work?
No, it's broken.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm waiting for a taxi.
Why is he laughing?
Are your parents watching TV?
What's Claire cooking?
Is the bus coming?
Is he eating something?
Are you sitting on the floor?
Discuss what they should understand better.
Practice, practice, and then practice some more.
Don't be afraid to say you don't know the correct answer to a specific question.
Never answer questions with "yes" or "no", but say "yes, and let me tell you why" or "no, and I'll explain why not."
Tell a story which illustrates perfectly your power sound bite and which will leave a lingering memory for the audience to think about.
When is something art?
Everyone in the family has stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains. Now all our chronic maladies have disappeared.
I have a disease.
Mary and Tom suffer from agoraphobia.
Tom is afraid to answer the phone.
My friend, Tom, is a scholar and a fine gentleman.
Your disease can be cured with diet.
Your level of fitness is phenomenal.
"I'm hearing voices," said Tom. "Aren't we all?" replied the family cat.
His IQ is off the charts.
He's a genius.
Why so cynical?
Are you misinformed or just jealous?
No microwave popcorn, please!
"Mary, get your bitch ass to bed," said Tom.
"He called me neoclassical," sobbed Mary.
He got the OK.
"Stick this up your arse!" yelled Tom during the filming of a road rage educational film for high school students.
Pathetic! We should have won. We had the lead the whole game.
"Take pathetic and times it by five billion. That's how pathetic I was," said Tom.
In the past, wailers were hired to cry for the deceased.
It is an indignity to take advantage of uneducated people.
The thief crouched behind the dorm room door.
I broke my anklebone playing soccer.
Extortion is usual among criminals.
The bird flew around over the nest before settling down.
He invited us home to lunch on Sunday and cooked really yummy snails.
Boxers end up punch-drunk after getting so many blows.
This flower is violet in color.
The machine features some ventilation slots.
Mary won the "Annoyance to the Empire" medal for the third year in a row.
Interrogate!
Where is the person?
The postmaster, who was also the village grocer, had a clear recollection of the telegram.
Mary is a skilled gymnast.
Mary is a former gymnast.
Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of running feet behind me and by a voice which called me by name.
How's your sex life?
He was a small, slim, clean-shaven, prim-faced man, flaxen-haired and lean-jawed, between thirty and forty years of age, dressed in a grey suit and wearing a straw hat.
A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder, and he carried a green butterfly-net in one of his hands.
It is extraordinary how credulous the peasants are about here!
The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end.
His nerves were so worked up that the appearance of any dog might have had a fatal effect upon his diseased heart.
A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill lay upon the right which had in bygone days been cut into a granite quarry.
Perhaps you will spare an hour that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to my sister.
You never tire of the moor. You cannot think the wonderful secrets which it contains. It is so vast, and so barren, and so mysterious.
“That is the great Grimpen Mire,” said he. “A false step yonder means death to man or beast. Only yesterday I saw one of the moor ponies wander into it. He never came out. I saw his head for quite a long time craning out of the bog-hole, but it sucked him down at last. "
Then a long, agonized, writhing neck shot upward and a dreadful cry echoed over the moor. It turned me cold with horror, but my companion’s nerves seemed to be stronger than mine.
A dreadful cry echoed over the moor.
My companion’s nerves seemed to be stronger than mine.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor. It filled the whole air, and yet it was impossible to say whence it came.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor.
The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its prey.
Tom is coming for dinner.
Tom is coming for dinner. Do you want to stay?
I looked round, with a chill of fear in my heart, at the huge swelling plain, mottled with the green patches of rushes. Nothing stirred over the vast expanse save a pair of ravens, which croaked loudly from a tor behind us.
What do you think is the cause of so strange a sound?
You are an educated man. Surely you don't believe such nonsense as that?
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told.
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told, since ladies of any sort must be few upon the moor, and I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty.
I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty. The woman who approached me was certainly that, and of a most uncommon type.
There could not have been a greater contrast between brother and sister.
What does it mean when a girl blushes around you?
How can I tell if a girl likes me?
How can I tell if a girl is attracted to me?
Castor and Pollux were twin brothers.
Zeus disguised himself as a swan and seduced Leda.
Tom vowed to someday take revenge.
Tom and Mary are beekeepers.
Tom pulled at his tie to straighten it.
A giant burrowing bat fossil has been discovered in New Zealand.
Bears like honey.
Still deep in her heart rankled the judgment of Paris and the injustice of her scorned beauty, and the hated race, and the honors of kidnapped Ganymede.
She had a proud, finely cut face, so regular that it might have seemed impassive were it not for the sensitive mouth and the beautiful dark, eager eyes.
With her perfect figure and elegant dress she was, indeed, a strange apparition upon a lonely moorland path.
Enraged by these things as well, she kept the Trojans, all that were left of the Greeks and indomitable Achilles, far away from Latium, tossed by the wide ocean; they wandered for many years, driven by the Fates, all around the seas.
A system of at least five exoplanets has been discovered by citizen scientists through a project called Exoplanet Explorers, part of the online platform Zooniverse, using data from NASA's Kepler space telescope.
Many metals make good catalysts.
Catalysts can speed up a chemical reaction without being consumed in the catalyzed reaction.
A tip came in that Tom was about to skip town.
Tom was arrested before he could board the plane.
Tom fled to Germany before he could be arrested.
Mary was arrested just as she was about to fly back to Germany.
Tom and Mary booked their reservations a long time in advance.
Tom missed his friends.
Mary missed her friends.
Tom wished that his friendship with Mary could have developed into something more.
Under different circumstances, their friendship could have developed into something more.
I should have known something was up.
I had hoped that our friendship would develop into something more.
We both love poetry.
She grew very fond of him.
He grew fond of her.
Here's to our friendship.
The friendship between Tom and Mary quickly developed into something more serious.
Tom tended to the horses.
Tom didn't look up from his book.
Mary didn't even look up from her book.
Tom has a peanut allergy.
Tom was the star of the basketball team.
Tom was the star of the football team.
Mary was the star of the soccer team.
Tom ran barefoot on the beach.
Tom is allergic to nuts.
Tom broke out in hives.
Tom spends a lot of time playing football.
Tom spends a lot of time playing video games.
Tom is allergic to tree nuts.
Do you have a food allergy?
Peanut allergy is the most common of food allergies.
Tom ate a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom didn't have any plans for the evening.
Tom had a severe allergic reaction.
Epinephrine can be administered through an auto-injector.
Tom carries an epinephrine injector at all times.
Anaphylaxis is a serious and life-threatening allergic reaction.
Epinephrine can save someone's life by relaxing the muscles around the airways and preventing them from closing completely.
Epinephrine is also known as adrenalin.
Tom likes tofu.
Tom is allergic to soy.
Tom owns an espresso machine.
Tom suggested we get married so that I could apply for a green card.
Mary accidentally brushed Tom's shoulder.
Mary gently punched Tom's arm.
I don't really have a plan.
Mary flung her arms around her brother's neck and hugged him.
Tom flung his arms around his brother's neck and hugged him.
Mary flung her arms around Tom's neck.
The jury found Tom guilty.
Tom placed his hands on his hips.
I was worried about you all day.
Tom began laughing too.
Tom and Mary have a small organic farm.
Tom only buys free-range eggs.
Tom gently hugged her from behind.
Come, I'll show you.
Tom didn't even look up from his book.
I should've known something was up.
I should've known this was going to happen.
I should've known Tom was going to do that.
I should've done what Tom asked me to do.
I shouldn't have done what Tom asked me to do.
Drink a smoothie before you lift weights.
Get moving first thing in the morning.
Tom is reviewing his options.
I should have guessed.
There's been times.
No more, please.
I should've known Tom would be busy.
There've been times that I felt a little irritated.
There've been times when I haven't been able to find a place to park.
There've been times when that's happened.
There've been times when doing that has caused us problems.
Tom is usually on time, but there have been times when he's been several hours late.
He is planning on inviting a lot of guests to the closing ceremony.
I hope Tom can stay here all next week.
One more for the road.
My sister's brains were coming out after being hit by a drunk driver.
I truly believe I am a bad person.
I truly believe I'm a bad person.
I truly believe he is a bad person.
I truly believe he's a bad person.
I truly believe she is a bad person.
I truly believe she's a bad person.
I truly believe they are bad people.
I truly believe they're bad people.
Humans are generally evil, but you're okay.
This is a huge waste of time.
Will world peace ever be a reality?
Human nature is an obstacle to world peace.
In nature, living beings are in a perpetual state of war.
Benjamin has a sack of potatoes.
Humans are too violent for world peace to ever become a reality.
I despise humans.
I'm a human who hates humans.
I'm the most immoral person you'll ever meet.
I'm the most moral person you'll ever meet.
Humans are violent by nature.
How can world peace be brought about?
What can be done to bring about world peace?
Humans are hateful.
Humans have hatred in their hearts.
Humans are full of hate.
She flies into a rage whenever she is even slightly inconvenienced.
I didn't know that was a thing.
He's facing a titanic spiritual battle internally.
Be alert!
I wish a bee would sting me.
He sacrificed himself for the sake of the empire.
He crowned himself emperor.
He walked seven miles.
He ordered beans and they tasted delicious after all the physical exercise.
I'm not going there.
That's all of them.
He's been reborn.
I guess I'll lift up my bootstraps and fly away.
Tom's family was there, too.
You make no sense.
I forgot I was bilingual.
There was no burning desire.
It's in the shop.
Please pick these up.
What was your card?
Flip over your card.
It's magnetic.
It was way too formal.
I've had a premature child.
Tomek doesn't need to apologize.
How is school going?
Why can't I come in the party?
I'm looking after children.
I'm babysitting.
Are you happy to have a little brother?
When he's in a bad mood, he always tries to bring everyone else down.
You have to get up at the crack of dawn.
I'm not telling you again: Don't do that!
I'm going to make sure this doesn't happen again.
In our house, anything that isn't prohibited is fair game.
The dew on the trees sparkles in the morning sun.
Do you have to laugh at everything I say?
That tire needs more air.
Put more air in that tire.
Do you know how to change the tire?
Do you know how to inflate the tire?
Where did you get such horrible tires?
Who sold you such an ugly car?
You need a special seat belt for the baby.
Children can't ride in the front seat.
I caught them trying to jump-start my car.
Did they take my car?
Where did you leave the car?
I don't remember where I left the car.
They broke the car's window.
They broke the car's window and took the bag.
Your tires are completely worn out.
I don't think it will cost much to clean up the car.
Tomorrow I have an oral test.
Tomorrow I have the written exam.
The theoretical exam is tomorrow.
The practical exam is the day after tomorrow.
Shall we drink a cup of coffee?
We asked what time it was.
We asked for the time.
He needs to be sympathetic.
Can you pick me up?
What is this used for?
"Mary's friend Brandy is coming over in twenty minutes," said Tom.
Tom's dad: "Tom, you overreact." Tom: "Fuck you!"
That would be beneficial to us.
She misses her wife.
He misses his husband.
That's a bargain.
Take the jump shot!
He doesn't have the proper form.
Make sure you have the proper stance.
Do you want to help me here?
He's back.
People are sheep.
Just go through the motions.
I can't think.
“Go back!” she said. “Go straight back to London, instantly.”
The database is down.
What a disaster.
Just as I thought.
He's a tugboat captain.
He makes his living from the sea.
This won't win you any brownie points.
Why do I exist?
Tom tried to score brownie points with the teacher.
Do you like music from the 70's?
Mary baked some brownies for her teacher.
Tom baked some cookies for his teacher.
There's a new cure for your disease.
You can't go back.
There are a lot of options.
Don't make up scenarios that don't exist.
Tom often eats lunch with Mary.
Don't defeat yourself.
You can't pick your birth parents.
It'll be alright.
Work on cleaning up your inner dialogue.
He's going to go bananas when he hears that.
I don't like bananas. They're too sweet.
We've hit our sales target.
Everybody wants one.
Five thousand people showed up for the concert.
There are dreams that come true.
Now what?
As you were saying?
Apologies for all the interruptions.
Which one is faster?
Sorry, I was talking to myself.
He's working in Paris now.
She'll have him all to herself.
He's really getting adept at that.
Lean back and try to remember.
He's exhausted.
What are the chances?
Send me your changes.
I have no energy left.
He's got a lot of strength.
Don't leave the front door open.
We are waiting for comments.
I could only stare at her in stupid surprise.
I could only stare at him in stupid surprise.
Her eyes blazed at me.
She tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
Her eyes blazed at me, and she tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
Go back, and never set foot upon the moor again.
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place.
A serious epidemic broke out in the school, and three of the boys died.
Will you come upstairs, Dr. Watson, and inspect my collection of Lepidoptera? I think it is the most complete one in the south-west of England.
I resisted all pressure to stay for lunch, and I set off at once upon my return journey, taking the grass-grown path by which we had come.
Mary picked some fresh flowers from the garden.
Tom picked some flowers from the garden.
Tom isn't as quick as he once was.
Mary is more flexible than Tom.
Tom is less flexible than Mary.
Blushing is an involuntarily reaction.
Mary blushed a little.
You're staring.
I just need some fresh air.
Tom's mother hugged him.
It looks like everything is in order.
Their eyes locked for a moment.
When was the last time you washed those jeans?
Tom was just happy to be talking to someone.
Tom was just happy to talk to someone.
Mary was just happy to talk to someone.
Tom was just happy to have someone to talk to.
Tom writes novels in his spare time.
"Is everyone hearing voices at this meeting?" asked Tom. "No," answered the cat.
Tom baked his teacher some cookies.
"Let the minutes show that Mary, the cat, the dog and the hidden pestilence in this home have all attended the family meeting," said Tom.
"Mary, you know that I cannot be bribed with muffins," said Tom.
We are all alone.
The fire is dying out.
Stir the fire.
"Mary, you're not on the same planet as me," said Tom.
"I am a tomcat," said the family cat.
You're going on a date with him?
Temperatures in Oymyakon, Yakutia hit -67.7C.
Don't act so shocked.
I told you that he liked you.
I told you that she liked you.
Tom left a note in Mary's locker.
Scarcely out of sight of the land of Sicily, they joyfully set sail on the deep, rushing into the salt spray with their bronze-capped prows, when Juno, cherishing her eternal wound in her breast, said to herself: "Am I vanquished, to give up on my plan, and unable to turn away the king of the Teucrians from Italy? Surely I am forbidden by the Fates."
Tom left a note for Mary in her locker.
Tom wrote a note to Mary and left it on her desk.
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.
Vulcan made weapons for gods and men.
How many teeth does a human have?
Everyone seems to be happier without me.
Seneca's writings are wonderful.
The angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream.
I'm not sorry that I did this.
What more is there?
I'm a year younger than Robert.
I can't talk to women.
Whose is all this money?
The girl is in school.
I'm thinking about life.
Mary said that she wasn't pregnant.
Mary dyed her dress red.
Tom opened a can of black beans.
Tom made a hummus platter for the party.
Tom is not allowed to speak at Mary's parties.
A wolf is howling.
What's wrong with beans?
Stop adding ingredients to the soup.
At the gym, Tom's heartbeat rises dramatically when he thinks about future social interactions.
Mary shattered her ankle after falling down the stairs.
Tom is strengthening his core muscles.
I feel greasy and sweaty after going to the gym.
No pun intended.
A pine cone fell on Tom's head.
I haven't been able to sleep very well lately.
There is no hope for humanity.
Humans are doomed.
Humankind is doomed.
Humanity will destroy itself sooner or later.
Humanity will eventually destroy itself.
There is hope for humanity.
Humans aren't all bad.
We have to do something to save humanity from itself.
Humanity has to be saved from itself.
Is there hope for humanity?
Can humanity manage to avoid blowing itself up long enough to colonize other planets?
I usually sleep eight hours a day.
I never sleep for more than six hours.
I never sleep more than six hours.
I don't usually get enough sleep.
I don't feel like sleeping.
I don't think I've slept enough.
I'm sorry that you didn't sleep well.
I'm sorry that you weren't able to sleep much last night.
I wish I'd slept a little longer last night.
I'd like to sleep a little bit longer.
Please let me go back to sleep.
I wish I could've slept for another few hours.
I haven't been able to sleep well lately.
I haven't been able to get enough sleep lately.
Tom can break dance.
Mary is wrong.
Two persons are looking for you.
One quarter of it will be Tom's.
"My new invention is the soup popsicle," said Tom.
Ding dong, is anybody home?
Take some for later.
Time's up.
Hand out the sandwiches.
Which sandwich is yours?
She is a shrewd one.
Where do you want to hang it?
Although I was present, I didn't hear your words.
He's exhausted himself.
Tom wears turtleneck sweaters.
Tom likes disco music.
"Why do I feel this way?" asked Tom.
Microplastics are destroying the world's oceans.
Tom has big arms.
Tom is bald and muscular.
The cat licked the turkey while it was defrosting.
Now I know how a pet feels.
"Mary, who would have thought it would be and the entire United States is on carbohydrate lockdown by the Chinese authorities," said Tom. "When we were just married, Tom, I never told you about my secret dowry. This can of beans," said Mary.
She sent a man on horseback to borrow a cheese grater from the neighboring Mongol encampment.
Using an eight-ton trebuchet, Tom launched Mary's bundt cake over the walls of the besieged city.
Tom and Mary are slightly asymmetric.
Mary loves the all the atoms that form an entity named Tom.
Is the movie available online?
Who stars in it?
I don't like that genre.
What did the critics say?
I don't agree with the critics.
The book was better.
"My emotions feel scrambled," said Tom.
The cat was killed by coyotes.
That's a horrible song.
You smell like fried potatoes.
Ah, that's better.
Feels good.
I need a clean cup.
More coffee?
"Sugar?" "No, thanks. I don't eat toxic substances."
Do you want half and half?
Do you want cream?
Does this car have an airbag?
Does this car have seat belts?
It's a short flight.
Tom's wacky hobby became a multimillion dollar empire.
The pagination controls need to be fixed.
The search query is inefficient.
Can I see the menu?
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
Call me when you land.
It's just an abrasion and a bruse. Nothing broken.
That was brutal.
That was classic.
You can never use too much butter.
The flight number has changed.
We are taxiing in the tarmac.
Hail a taxi.
Hail a cab.
Order a couple more tons.
It was implied.
"Mary's lemon pie will make you pucker up and implode," said Tom.
Remember to buy more frozen blueberries.
"There's secret underground submarine bases in the Antarctic," said Mary. "Oh, yeah?" said Tom.
Your dog has spectacular hair.
Run! It's hailing!
There's a lot of hail damage to your car.
Do you have any vegan options on the menu?
I can't read the menu.
Mary giggled and blushed.
Mary received a letter from Germany.
A big thank you to everyone who helped me!
I saw you working in the garden.
What is the name of your teacher?
If you add sugar in water, it will become sweet.
Tom's birthday is coming up in a week.
Can you spot me?
Do you lift?
Mary's birthday is coming up in a week and I don't know what to give her.
Just buy her flowers.
What should I get my new girlfriend for her birthday?
Your legs are ripped.
Don't forget your water bottle.
Do you hike?
Bring a hat.
This is his first novel.
Let's get a few protein-style burgers from the drive-thru.
Tom has more secrets than I thought.
First time to California?
"What's in the thermos?" "Tea."
Let's drive to Vegas on Friday.
I want to talk to you about him.
I'm looking forward to getting to know you better.
"I hope you don't mind." "Not at all."
I never thought Tom was so rich.
I look forward to hearing you sing tonight.
I'm not naive. I'm just optimistic.
I'm really looking forward to getting to know you better.
I didn't give enough recovery time to my left shoulder. Don't lift if you're still sore.
Put some dill and lime zest on the salmon.
Don't over season the food.
More seasoning?
Tom, after suffering from visual agnosia, mistook his wife for a cash machine and attempted to withdrawl fifty dollars from her. "Nice try, buddy," she said during the transaction.
Tom and Mary are teenagers.
We're not teenagers anymore.
It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for those who knew it, for before I had reached the road I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
There must be a shortcut.
I had a lovely time.
Thanks, Tom. I had a lovely time.
Mary slung her bag over her shoulder.
Tom likes classic cars.
Tom has a pot belly.
I don't know what I'm going to tell Tom.
I don't know what I'm going to tell Mary.
I don't know what I'm going to tell him.
I don't know what I'm going to tell her.
I don't know what I'm going to tell them.
I smiled and waved at her.
I smiled and waved at him.
Tom smiled and waved at Mary.
Mary smiled and waved at Tom.
Do you think you should slow down a little?
You're even more naive than I thought.
Her face was beautifully flushed with her exertions, and she held her hand to her side.
"I have run all the way in order to cut you off, Dr. Watson," said she. "I had not even time to put on my hat."
I had not even time to put on my hat.
When you know me better you will understand that I cannot always give reasons for what I say or do.
They live miles from any help.
The fact is that our friend the baronet begins to display a considerable interest in our fair neighbour.
It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him.
She is a very fascinating and beautiful woman.
There is something tropical and exotic about her which forms a singular contrast to her cool and unemotional brother.
Would you like to go shopping tomorrow?
By the first week of February, Tom had completely forgotten about his New Year's resolution.
It's simultaneously getting worse and better.
"Is obsession bad?" asked Tom. "Wow, loaded question. Is there an answer?" said Mary.
"Why am I here?" asked Tom.
"I need a distraction," said Tom.
The ear has a lot of wax in it.
Everyone thinks she's nice.
When he gets home, let's make some popcorn and watch a movie.
After a bit of fumbling, I found the right key.
I forgot to put in the accent mark.
There was an overpowering smell of dirty laundry.
Tom is my alter ego.
The car was recalled because of a faulty air bag.
We put in our bid; now we just have to play a waiting game.
The class handouts on human growth and development include anatomically correct drawings.
He scribbled on the wall with a red crayon.
The dog is thinking about sleeping with the cat.
The farm cats and the dog all sleep together on cold winter nights.
Surprisingly, the starving farm cat ate moldy white bread and lime jello.
Tom shot the helpless rodent with his BB gun.
The gopher's days were numbered.
Alright already!
This time we'll win!
Queue the next song.
What's on the playlist?
Something stinks.
What is the batch size?
Check the parameter list.
Buckle up!
"Nice shoes." "Thanks, I just got them."
Do you have a beach ball?
I caught a trout.
Prepare the meal please.
Adjust your visors.
March downstairs right now.
I need a bath towel.
This towel is sour.
The hard candy in this bowl is dusty.
This box of cereal was made during the Vietnam war. No wonder it tastes horrible.
He got drunk on homemade rhubarb wine.
Farm cats generally don't live long.
The cutest kitten was already very pregnant and meowing outside of the Las Vegas casino.
"Mary, don't take advice from farm dogs. OK?" said Tom.
Late at night, farmers always answer the door with a loaded shotgun.
"People from North Dakota are more talkative than people from South Dakota. Probably, I guess. I dunno," said Tom.
Time to milk the goats.
Before flying to Paris, I had already planned out the route to the grocery store from our hotel.
I miss Paris.
The cat's in heat.
The butter shortage is over.
There is a way.
Ahoy! Can you see us in this fog?
Land ho!
Batten down the hatches!
For a limited time only.
Call now.
No salesman will call.
I no longer need you
Trying is something really beautiful.
You'll have to read between the lines.
Tom was caught red-handed with his hand in the cookie jar.
I am going to school right now.
We stick our necks out with that story.
Your move.
We're at an impasse.
Stick your hands up!
I'll call the pharmacy.
I stubbed my toe and it's bleeding.
I'm not going to school anymore.
It's time to milk the goats.
Tom only has regret.
What's wrong? Are you sad about something?
What is this word's part of speech?
My hand's blister hurts when I close my hand.
You're looking at Mary all the time!
What's Tom's dream school?
Don't sniffle, please quickly blow your nose.
My mother is five years older than my father.
Mary is overly concerned about her health.
Tom is addicted to exercise.
Pass the pepper shaker.
There are not enough hours in the day.
I'm shaking.
"Hello, Tom? I'm badly shaken. I almost had a car accident," said Mary over the phone.
"Mary, did this happen in real life or in your imagination?" asked Tom.
Do you know the major chords on the guitar?
Turn the car around.
Meet me outside.
Call me when you get there.
Can you pick me up at the airport?
I'll help you carry that.
Don't poke your eye out with that.
Can you water my plants and feed my fish while I'm gone?
Does that coffee agree with you?
Avocado is extra.
What was the point of that outburst?
Come clean with it.
Speak your point.
What a gaffe!
Clear the table.
Get a vase for these flowers.
Flowers? For me? You shouldn't have.
Well, I do declare!
He's a bandit alright.
They're from the same litter.
What do you reckon?
Tom was arrested for insider trading.
He's not a good navigator.
She sank his hopes.
I have a horrible sense of direction.
He shouldn't be allowed out.
I'm just sayin'.
He lives on an island.
He never speaks.
He's not very talkative.
What is your hobby?
It needs a new filter.
Did you try rebooting?
Why did she say that?
There are other means and ways.
He's not the only one.
It is the opposite that is a problem for us.
It'll get better brick by brick.
Trust in the process.
Modern medicine is a scam.
They're all con men.
Make a left at the light.
It's two blocks north from here.
Processed meats are toxic.
Where is your backpack?
The strap broke.
I have binoculars.
It's rotten inside.
Look at this snail.
Can I hold your puppy?
Such soft ears.
There is a police station in the center of town.
Help! I've been robbed!
I've been stabbed! Call for help!
I'm bleeding! Apply direct pressure to my wound.
I've been shot!
Duck and take cover.
They're shooting at us.
I could hear the bullets whizzing overhead.
No one has called.
They made off with the money on a motorbike.
Quick! Hide your valuables.
Our problem is the opposite.
It happened two separate times.
There is a fine line here.
I can't follow the plot.
The premise is ridiculous.
My quality of work is directly related to the quality of the coffee available.
Please defrost those chicken breasts.
I just discovered a new genre of music.
Eight minus four is four.
The movie isn't as interesting as the original.
The film isn't as interesting as the original.
This is an emergency broadcast!
Calling all cars!
Officers are responding.
There's been a large earthquake north of here.
We are trapped at the airport.
All the planes are grounded.
Heavy fog is preventing planes from landing.
There is no escape route.
The route is cordoned off.
Slow down! There are emergency vehicles ahead.
Oh, lord. There's been a terrible crash.
No one was seriously hurt, thankfully.
She's fractured her leg.
I think I like this Nu Gaze musical genre.
A blizzard is coming in from the east.
There was a record amount of snowfall last night.
You'll have to pee on the door handle to open it. It's frozen shut.
My face is freezing.
I can't feel my feet.
Is this how it ends? Hypothermia?
Can you start a fire?
I can't move my fingers. They're frostbitten.
Get his glove off carefully. He's smashed his fingers between the snowmobile and a tree.
He's not responding to my calls.
He's lost.
He's fallen off the cliff.
He's been airlifted to the hospital.
There's no sign of forced break-in.
I broke the key in the lock.
He impaled himself in the leg jumping from the helicopter.
He died from a jellyfish sting.
He walked into the middle of the road and was killed.
His heart was overworked during the hike up. He needs to be airlifted out.
Two tourists died in the flood.
The hotel pancaked after the earthquake. Luckily, we were hiking at the time.
I lost my passport in the robbery.
The police planted drugs in his car.
I can't pay bribes.
The hiking party has been kidnapped.
They're mobilizing the military in this area.
We were caught in the crossfire.
He's more fit than we expected.
Don't hike in sneakers. They don't protect and cushion your feet.
You're all red.
You'll get a sunstroke.
Cover up.
Wet a handkerchief and put it between your head and hat.
She must have punched me in my arm while we were sleeping. There's a huge bruise.
Your elbows are dry.
That fall was brutal. Are you OK?
That was the master stroke.
That solves everything.
Cut this in two.
I bought a new jigsaw puzzle.
Is this cup clean?
Are the dishes done?
I broke one of your mugs.
I can't say it.
See this?
Cool song, bro.
These shorts don't fit anymore.
I've got blood in my eyes and can't see.
I had to walk off of the mountain with a bad sprain.
They were sentenced to death.
The rebels took them away.
The soldiers came through here and killed everyone.
They spared no one.
Dangerous people attack first out of fear.
It's chicken one day, feathers the next.
They're all on drugs.
The soldiers handcuffed them and drove them back to their base.
I was interrogated.
There was a border skirmish. The road to the airport is blocked.
Dig faster.
Why didn't you shave?
I'm getting sick.
She has the flu.
Scalp wounds bleed a lot.
The stars are coming out.
Watch his hands closely.
He's got a knife!
We'll have to ration the fresh water.
Where's the water filter?
She went home. She had a family emergency.
Finally, we got some resolution.
That's his expertise.
Can you navigate by starlight?
Do you know how to navigate with a compass and map?
She has altitude sickness.
Get the first aid kit out.
Did you pack a first aid kit?
I dropped my phone.
I'm getting no reception here.
Do you know how to tie knots?
Have you had any first aid training?
Where are your morals?
I never feel awake unless I shave.
I'll prepare the chicken.
There's nothing new in music ever.
Don't pick at your scabs.
Don't eat your scabs.
Cover me!
Set up a crossfire.
Flank the machine gun nest.
Toss a hand grenade into the trench.
The miners are on strike.
Take the liquor away from them.
Wait until they get good and drunk, and then we'll come in with our guns ablazing.
Use your squad to flank their position here.
His ancestors are from here.
Tom had to wait a long time in the waiting room.
Find some clean silverware.
I've booked a small cabin.
They broke into the cabin.
The cabin burned to the ground.
The tent is leaking.
We have a few miles of portage.
Can you paddle a canoe?
There are spiders everywhere.
Play it backwards.
Rewind the tape.
Do you know how to make a cypher?
Can you decrypt this?
Can you make sense of this decrypted message?
I'm not familiar with that slang.
You can tell he has high blood pressure.
Her hair veiled part of her face.
Save a potato for me.
There's a secret clue here.
Call the press.
Best coffee ever.
I'm an urologist.
Careful! That's a priceless fossil.
She went to the mall.
You should have seen the look on his face.
You should have seen the look on her face.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face.
You should have seen the look on Mary's face.
You might have fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You should have seen the look on her face when she found out.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when he found out.
I've done pretty well for myself.
No one wants this more than I do.
Haven't you caused enough trouble already?
The swimmers seemed to be struggling.
Mary is a typical teenage girl.
Tom is a typical teenage boy.
We found a short valley between rugged tors which led to an open, grassy space flecked over with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great stones, worn and sharpened at the upper end, until they looked like the huge, corroding fangs of some monstrous beast.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life.
I think that you are making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was there that Sir Henry made the acquaintance of Miss Stapleton.
You should have seen the look on Mary's face when she found out.
Why can't we spend more time together?
Tom lives down the street.
From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual.
It's leg day.
Don't skip leg day.
Cape Town is running out of water.
It's possible to lift weights and study a new language at the same time.
I don't like those disproportional weight lifters.
Play it safe when lifting to avoid injury.
Don't lift weights if you're still sore.
We're doing everything we can to find your son.
We're doing everything we can to find your daughter.
The deltoid muscles need time to recover. Be careful not to over exercise them.
Tom started laughing uncontrollably.
Tom asked his guidance counsellor how to apply to college.
Look who's talking!
He referred to her again and again on our walk home, and since then hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother and sister.
One would imagine that such a match would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to his sister.
They looked at each other and smiled.
He is much attached to his sister, no doubt, and would lead a lonely life without her, but it would seem the height of selfishness if he were to stand in the way of her making so brilliant a marriage. Yet I am certain that he does not wish their intimacy to ripen into love, and I have several times observed that he has taken pains to prevent them from being tête-à-tête.
He is much attached to his sister.
I have several times observed that he has taken pains to prevent them from being tête-à-tête.
If I help you, will you help me?
I think that you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I think you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm sure you would have done the same for me.
Do you know who's behind you?
Guess who's behind you.
Tom asked us to turn the music down.
The neighbor asked us to turn the music down.
I think you'll like the dessert.
Tom has a girlfriend?
Mary has a boyfriend?
I thought you guys were just friends.
Mary left the party early.
Tom and Mary left the party early.
Would you like a salad?
Eat some citrus.
You should have seen the look on her face when I told her.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when I told him.
She touched his hand.
He touched her hand.
Have you been living under a rock?
By the way, your instructions to me never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love-affair were to be added to our other difficulties.
Last night, about two in the morning, I was aroused by a stealthy step passing my room.
I rose, opened my door, and peeped out.
A long black shadow was trailing down the corridor. It was thrown by a man who walked softly down the passage with a candle held in his hand.
He pushed me away.
Who are you texting?
"Who are you texting?" "That's none of your business."
And then they started kissing.
Tom and Mary started kissing each other as soon as John left the room.
Tom is not home.
Let's hurry up and catch the shuttle.
When's the next shuttle?
Do you have the bus schedule?
He's stupid, but I love him anyway.
Tom is an idiot, but I love him anyway.
He was working.
He's on his way over there.
I'm taking therapy for my hip.
Recently I'm gathering up info on our upcoming vacation.
I forgot to grab the change off the dresser.
I'll be in my man cave.
I think I've done pretty well for myself.
He pushed me aside.
He pushed me out of his way.
"Was not Pallas Athena able to burn the fleet of the Argives, and drown them in the sea, because of the crime and the madness of one man, Ajax son of Oileus?"
I overheard them talking the other day.
I saw him holding hands with a girl.
"She herself hurled the swift lightning bolt of Jupiter from the clouds, scattered the boats, and overturned the seas with the winds; she snatched him in a whirlwind while he was breathing out flames from his pierced chest, and impaled him on a sharp rock."
He walked very slowly.
He walked very slowly and circumspectly, and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance.
I crept down the passage as noiselessly as I could and peeped round the corner of the door.
Barrymore was crouching at the window, with the candle held against the glass.
His face seemed to be rigid with expectation as he stared out into the blackness of the moor.
Long afterwards when I had fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
What it all means I cannot guess, but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of.
"But I, who walk in majesty as queen of the gods, both sister and wife of Jupiter, I am still waging wars with one tribe for all these years! And who will worship the divine spirit of Juno after this, or what suppliant will bring an offering to her altars?"
Tom pushed Mary out of his way.
Tom pushed Mary into doing that.
The stress is unbearable.
Tom pushed me into the pool.
Tom pushed me into the pool, so I got out and pushed him in.
Tom put on my shirt by mistake.
Tom put on his shirt.
Tom might testify.
Tom will likely testify against you.
Have you ever been subpoenaed to testify in a criminal case?
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify in a murder case.
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify as a witness in a civil lawsuit.
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify against Mary.
You need more carbs to make it to the end of the day.
Halt! Who goes there!
Nothing seems more certain than death.
Queer all languages!
If you fall from the staircase, you'll quickly end up on the floor.
Everyone loves her and her family.
They're courageous.
The parking lot is open to until when?
Tom is a ball of vanity.
Tom left toward Tokyo.
Walking from here is a bit far.
I told Tom that his tweets sound like those of a college freshman.
skidoo!
skidoo!
What an awful predicament.
Such harsh words!
Tom only uses archaic language.
All power to the syndicates!
Please wear socks to protect your shoes.
Your ox is gassy.
Is this how you season your chicken?
He's built like a fencepost.
That was an understatement.
I like sweet and sour soup.
That cake was a load of sugar.
Please don't punctuate your sentences with loud farts.
What you did was very brave.
I thought you were his friend.
I thought you were her friend.
The Vancouver aquarium will no longer keep whales and dolphins in captivity.
Tom is visiting the family farm.
Tom turned the barn into an bed and breakfast.
I don't know how I could have been so blind.
That's not the part I'm surprised about.
When the house is renovated and refurnished, all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete. Between ourselves, there are pretty clear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady is willing, for I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton. I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend’s knowledge.
“You would have thought the middle of that prairie a fairly safe place for a man to be private,” said he, “but, by thunder, the whole country-side seems to have been out to see me do my wooing."
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
Soup should not be flammable.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is.
What’s the matter with me, anyhow? You’ve lived near me for some weeks, Watson. Tell me straight, now! Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
Tell me straight, now!
Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of. And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers.
What has he against me?
What has she against me?
There’s a light in a woman’s eyes that speaks louder than words.
His sister is everything in his life.
They have always been together, and according to his account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him.
I did my best to hide my disappointment.
Tom has been preoccupied lately.
Men are idiots.
Men are idiots when it comes to women and I'm sure Tom is no exception.
Do you mind if I listen to some music?
Mary has been preoccupied lately.
I think you're one of the most interesting women I've ever met.
You're one of the most interesting women I've ever met.
That's what happened the last time.
The waitress brought Tom a glass of water.
Mary grinned at him.
Tom grinned at her.
Mary curled her hair.
Tom pulled out his telescope.
Tom gazed at the stars through his telescope.
Tom and Mary gazed at the stars.
Tom threw a few pieces of bread into the pond.
I'm glad we're finally home.
Mary's heart nearly stopped.
Tom's heart nearly stopped.
She still hasn't forgiven me.
“What are you doing here, Barrymore?” “Nothing, sir.”
"What are you doing here, Tom?" "Nothing."
His agitation was so great that he could hardly speak.
Her agitation was so great that she could hardly speak.
The shadows sprang up and down from the shaking of his candle.
Come, now! No lies! What were you doing at that window?
I never should have left you.
"I never should have left you." "But you did."
Tom was sentenced to exile.
Mary swallowed hard.
Tom swallowed hard.
She swallowed hard.
Mary excused herself to answer a phone call.
Tom excused himself to answer a phone call.
Nobody had to wait.
I know you trust Tom, but I don't.
Tom still hasn't forgiven Mary.
I don't know how I could've been so blind.
You didn't know?
Go straight.
Tom went on a trip.
Tom washes his hands twenty-seven times a day.
Tom eats a standard American diet (SAD).
Black beans improve cardiovascular health and provide high levels of antioxidants to protect against cancer.
We need to clean the carpet.
The dog destroyed the sofa.
Speak to me in French, but pronounce all the silent letters.
Let's see who gets fatter first.
Please finish the chocolate cake.
Put some lotion on your dry elbows.
I found these toy elves in your underwear drawer.
Even though it was a magical forest, that did not stop war from killing almost all of the elf inhabitants.
The biscuits are on the table.
There's too much elf-on-elf violence in the magical forest.
Tom sent sniper fire into his neighbor's kitchen window.
Solving the problem of world hunger isn't my job.
Where do you go to smoke?
Pliny the Elder wrote that rye is a very poor food and only serves to avert starvation. This proves that grains were never considered fit for human consumption.
Do you think he'll leave her for you?
And you think he'll leave her for you?
He loves me too.
He loved me too.
Mary twirled all around.
Tom said that he loved me too.
Mary said that she loved me too.
He said that he loved me too.
She said that she loved me too.
That’s not entirely stupid.
Tom laughed so hard that he almost fell off his chair.
Tom's book became an instant bestseller.
She had no one to blame but herself.
He had no one to blame but himself.
Mary had no one to blame but herself.
Tom had no one to blame but himself.
I may not have a degree, but I'm not entirely stupid.
What a stupid question.
What a stupid question, Tom thought.
He hadn't seen her for a long time.
Tom hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
She hadn't seen him for a long time.
We had fun together.
Tom paused to gather his thoughts.
Mary paused to gather her thoughts.
Mary splashed cold water on her face.
This doesn't make me feel any better.
It doesn't make me feel any better.
Why don’t you write a book?
Stop this at once.
Tom and Mary picked some berries in the forest.
My blood ran cold in my veins.
My blood ran cold in my veins, for there was a break in his voice which told of the sudden horror which had seized him.
They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles.
"Feel my hand!” It was as cold as a block of marble.
There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us.
It was strange to see this single candle burning there in the middle of the moor, with no sign of life near it—just the one straight yellow flame and the gleam of the rock on each side of it.
This must be Tom's cat.
The moon was low upon the right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the lower curve of its silver disc. There, outlined as black as an ebony statue on that shining background, I saw the figure of a man upon the tor.
As far as I could judge, the figure was that of a tall, thin man.
I found him much troubled over the disappearance of his little spaniel. It had wandered on to the moor and had never come back.
Mary wanted to make everyone around her happy.
Oh, look! There's something shiny.
Tom wiped the blood from his nose.
Mary bandaged Tom's arm.
In the evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden moor, full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face and the wind whistling about my ears.
In the distant hollow on the left, half hidden by the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees. They were the only signs of human life which I could see, save only those prehistoric huts which lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills.
Tom bought a gift for his sister.
He's right behind you!
She's right behind you!
Watch out! He's right behind you!
Tom likes giant robots.
It was almost time for the party.
The greater part of the letter was charred to pieces, but one little slip, the end of a page, hung together, and the writing could still be read, though it was grey on a black ground. It seemed to us to be a postscript at the end of the letter, and it said: ‘Please, please, as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o’clock.’ Beneath it were signed the initials L. L.
Had Sir Charles received any other letters in the same writing?
Can you tell me the name of any woman whose initials are L. L.?
"Give it to me." "No!"
Tears filled his eyes.
There is Laura Lyons. Her initials are L. L.
She married an artist named Lyons, who came sketching on the moor. He proved to be a blackguard and deserted her.
Mary married an artist.
Her father refused to have anything to do with her, because she had married without his consent, and perhaps for one or two other reasons as well.
Her father refused to have anything to do with her, because she had married without his consent.
The butler brought Tom his coffee.
The butler brought me my coffee into the library.
He has brought nothing but trouble here!
She has brought nothing but trouble here!
You have brought nothing but trouble here!
Mary gathered some medicinal plants in the forest.
There’s foul play somewhere, and there’s black villainy brewing, to that I’ll swear!
What is it that alarms you?
Mary wore a simple skirt and a white blouse.
Mary wore a simple skirt and blouse.
Her feet were bare.
His feet were bare.
A maid showed me in without ceremony, and as I entered the sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome.
The first impression left by Mrs. Lyons was one of extreme beauty.
Tom wore a straw hat.
Mary wore a straw hat.
Her eyes and hair were of the same rich hazel colour, and her cheeks, though considerably freckled, were flushed with the exquisite bloom of the brunette, the dainty pink which lurks at the heart of the sulphur rose.
Her fingers played nervously over the stops of her typewriter.
Her cheeks were freckled.
You knew him, did you not?
Did you correspond with him?
The lady looked quickly up, with an angry gleam in her hazel eyes.
“What is the object of these questions?” she asked sharply.
Did you ever write to Sir Charles asking him to meet you?
Mrs. Lyons flushed with anger again.
“Really, sir, this is a very extraordinary question.” “I am sorry, madam, but I must repeat it.” “Then I answer—certainly not.”
I thought that she had fainted, but she recovered herself by a supreme effort.
“Is there no such thing as a gentleman?” she gasped.
“But why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house?” “Do you think a woman could go alone at that hour to a bachelor’s house?”
But why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house?
“Well, what happened when you did get there?” “I never went.”
“I swear it to you on all I hold sacred. I never went. Something intervened to prevent my going.” “What was that?” “That is a private matter. I cannot tell it.”
Come. It's safe now.
The inmate is in a prison overnight release program; he is allowed to sleep at home on weekends.
He behaved as if he were a detective; I think he reads too many detective stories.
The belief in numerous deities and their cult is characteristic of Greek and Roman mythologies.
He died long time ago; he’s pushing up daisies by now.
Viral diseases are very hard to treat, because there are no effective drugs against viruses.
An incompetent business management directly affects the employees.
Slugs are like snails, but without the shell.
My eleventh place was better than the thirteenth he won.
The gates were packed with people shouting.
I did not approve of your pretending to be sick to skip work.
Besides lazy, they are liars.
The match ended up with whistling and insults.
Dozens of thousands of people are displaced by war.
He is a charitable person; he always donates some for whomever may be in need.
You are bloated.
How much is the newspaper?
The hotel is being remodeled.
The hotel is on fire.
Your tire is flat.
The dog is injured.
They won again.
She was stung by a swarm of bees.
A swarm of bees flew over my head.
Freeze the leftover soup.
The hair on the back of his neck rose.
The hair on the back of her neck rose.
Tom choked on his drink.
Mary choked on her drink.
Her heart lurched.
Tom's stomach lurched.
The hairs on the back of her neck rose.
The hairs on the back of Tom's neck rose.
When the experimental antigravity aircraft flew over the town, emitting downward thrusting pulse waves, everyone immediately below involuntarily emptied their bladder.
Mary was less than seductive in a pulsed antigravity environment. Her curly hair stood up like a tower, her pouty lips floated aimlessly, and her nose bled continuously.
Tom has an OLED TV.
She was beautiful.
He was handsome.
Tom had a run-in with the police.
The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill, and the long slopes beneath me were all golden-green on one side and grey shadow on the other.
Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement.
One great grey bird, a gull or curlew, soared aloft in the blue heaven. He and I seemed to be the only living things between the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it.
The barren scene, the sense of loneliness, and the mystery and urgency of my task all struck a chill into my heart.
Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet and gold.
Tom listened intently to their conversation.
Mary listened intently to their conversation.
Tom ate a baked potato.
Tom ate a cabbage roll.
Kvass is a fermented beverage made from rye bread that's popular in most Slavic countries.
Tom made deviled eggs.
Tom garnished his soup with sour cream.
Tom leaned against the fence.
All I care about is the truth.
That's not her husband.
That's not his wife.
Mary apologized profusely.
Tom has an audition.
You’ve seen too many movies.
Tom, this is important.
Did you really think I wouldn't find out the truth?
What made you think you'd get away with it?
Did you really think I wouldn't notice?
All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden evening light, and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the peace of Nature, but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that interview which every instant was bringing nearer.
With tingling nerves, but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant.
His keen face was bronzed by the sun and roughened by the wind.
"I thought that you were in Baker Street working out that case of blackmailing." "That was what I wished you to think."
That was what I wished you to think.
That was what I wanted you to think.
But why keep me in the dark?
The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in reality his wife.
Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say?
I repeat that the lady is his wife and not his sister.
But why this elaborate deception?
The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night had settled upon the moor. A few faint stars were gleaming in a violet sky.
A few faint stars were gleaming in the violet sky.
Mary is a tarot card reader.
Taiwan is a country.
Tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
The cause of sleepwalking is not known.
Tom was acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity.
Tom invited John and his wife for tea.
Tom suffers from night terrors.
He obviously likes her a lot.
She obviously likes him.
They often ate a cheap restaurant.
Tom didn’t respond to requests for comment.
I've never laughed so much in my life.
Tom forgot to comb his hair.
Tom cut the lasagna.
Tom stole a wheel of cheese and ran out of the shop with it.
Grocer's itch is an allergic reaction to mites that live on dried fruit, grains, cheese, and other dried foods.
Tom can find many interesting tidbits of knowledge when exploring the catacombs of the encyclopedia.
"Is everyone illiterate here?" said Tom.
Read me a bedtime story.
A terrible scream—a prolonged yell of horror and anguish burst out of the silence of the moor. That frightful cry turned the blood to ice in my veins.
“Oh, my God!” I gasped. “What is it? What does it mean?”
He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late.
“He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late.” “No, no, surely not!”
“Good heavens!” I cried, in amazement.
It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise.
This man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband.
He has lied to me, the villain, in every conceivable way.
Not one word of truth has he ever told me.
He frightened me into remaining silent.
Tom frightened Mary into remaining silent.
The London express came roaring into the station.
One of Sherlock Holmes’s defects—if, indeed, one may call it a defect—was that he was exceedingly loth to communicate his full plans to any other person until the instant of their fulfilment.
Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation.
I tiptoed down the path and stooped behind the low wall which surrounded the stunted orchard. Creeping in its shadow, I reached a point whence I could look straight through the uncurtained window.
The night was clear and fine above us.
The stars shone cold and bright, while a half-moon bathed the whole scene in a soft, uncertain light.
The stars shone cold and bright.
Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangled sky.
Broad bars of golden light from the lower windows stretched across the orchard and the moor.
The steps grew louder, and through the fog, as through a curtain, there stepped the man whom we were awaiting.
I sprang to my feet, my inert hand grasping my pistol, my mind paralyzed by the dreadful shape which had sprung out upon us from the shadows of the fog.
A hound it was, an enormous coal-black hound, but not such a hound as mortal eyes have ever seen. Fire burst from its open mouth, its eyes glowed with a smouldering glare, its muzzle and hackles and dewlap were outlined in flickering flame.
Never in the delirious dream of a disordered brain could anything more savage, more appalling, more hellish be conceived than that dark form and savage face which broke upon us out of the wall of fog.
