If he was vulnerable he was mortal, and if we could wound him we could kill him.
Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night.
“My God!” he whispered. “What was it? What, in Heaven’s name, was it?” “It’s dead, whatever it is,” said Holmes.
It’s dead, whatever it was.
It was the end of November, and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street.
Since the tragic upshot of our visit to Devonshire he had been engaged in two affairs of the utmost importance, in the first of which he had exposed the atrocious conduct of Colonel Upwood in connection with the famous card scandal of the Nonpareil Club, while in the second he had defended the unfortunate Mme. Montpensier from the charge of murder which hung over her in connection with the death of her step-daughter, Mlle. Carére, the young lady who, as it will be remembered, was found six months later alive and married in New York.
My friend was in excellent spirits over the success which had attended a succession of difficult and important cases.
He married Beryl Garçia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and, having purloined a considerable sum of public money, he changed his name to Vandeleur and fled to England, where he established a school in the east of Yorkshire.
Tom's face was infested with Demodex mites, causing symptoms of itching, inflammation, and hair loss.
Stapleton exercised an influence over her which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both.
The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer.
To Sherlock Holmes she is always the woman. I have seldom heard him mention her under any other name.
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise, but admirably balanced mind.
Tom listened to a podcast.
"He said that there were no traces upon the ground round the body. He did not observe any. But I did—some little distance off, but fresh and clear.” “Footprints?” “Footprints.” “A man’s or a woman’s?” Dr. Mortimer looked strangely at us for an instant, and his voice sank almost to a whisper as he answered:— “Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound!”
The events in question occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street.
A promise of secrecy was made at the time, from which I have only been freed during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given.
It was early in April in the year 'that I woke one morning to find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed.
Before the Spanish conquest, the Aztecs got up to eighty percent of their nourishment from amaranth grains.
Why isn't Mary here?
He was a late riser.
"What is it, then — a fire?" "No; a client. It seems that a young lady has arrived in a considerable state of excitement, who insists upon seeing me."
She is waiting now in the sitting-room.
When young ladies wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their beds, I presume that it is something very pressing which they have to communicate.
I would not miss it for anything.
I had no keener pleasure than in following Holmes in his professional investigations, and in admiring the rapid deductions, as swift as intuitions, and yet always founded on a logical basis with which he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him.
I rapidly threw on my clothes and was ready in a few minutes to accompany my friend down to the sitting-room.
A lady dressed in black and heavily veiled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered.
"Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily.
My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson.
"It is not cold which makes me shiver," said the woman in a low voice.
"It is not cold which makes me shiver," said the woman in a low voice. "What, then?" "It is fear, Mr. Holmes. It is terror."
She raised her veil as she spoke, and we could see that she was indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all drawn and gray, with restless frightened eyes, like those of some hunted animal.
Her features and figure were those of a woman of thirty, but her hair was shot with premature gray, and her expression was weary and haggard.
"You must not fear," said he soothingly, bending forward and patting her forearm.
Sir, I can stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues.
I have no one to turn to.
Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me?
At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services.
Holmes turned to his desk and, unlocking it, drew out a small case-book, which he consulted.
"Farintosh," said he. "Ah yes, I recall the case; it was concerned with an opal tiara."
I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote the same care to your case as I did to that of your friend.
As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to, at the time which suits you best.
I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart.
The family was at one time among the richest in England.
In the last century, however, four successive heirs were of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin was eventually completed by a gambler in the days of the Regency.
When Dr. Roylott was in India he married my mother, Mrs. Stoner, the young widow of Major-General Stoner, of the Bengal Artillery.
My sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the time of my mother's re-marriage.
Shortly after our return to England my mother died.
The money which my mother had left was enough for all our wants, and there seemed to be no obstacle to our happiness.
But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time.
Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path.
A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
Detergent is poisonous.
Tom was hospitalized after eating a laundry detergent pod.
Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream.
He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies.
He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master.
You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten.
"Your sister is dead, then?" "She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you."
Have you ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of the night?
"Was it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?" "Always." "And why?" "I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked."
I could not sleep that night.
My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls which are so closely allied.
It was a wild night.
The wind was howling outside, and the rain was beating and splashing against the windows.
Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrified woman.
I knew that it was my sister's voice.
I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor.
As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges.
By the light of the corridor-lamp I saw my sister appear at the opening, her face blanched with terror, her hands groping for help, her whole figure swaying to and fro like that of a drunkard.
I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground.
She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed.
At first I thought that she had not recognized me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!'
When he reached my sister's side she was unconscious, and though he poured brandy down her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts were in vain, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness.
Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister.
"Was your sister dressed?" "No, she was in her night-dress."
There were no marks of any violence upon her.
It is my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine.
Two years have passed since then, and my life has been until lately lonelier than ever. A month ago, however, a dear friend, whom I have known for many years, has done me the honour to ask my hand in marriage.
Tom flipped on the TV.
"I have been waiting so eagerly for you," she cried, shaking hands with us warmly.
Holmes pushed back the frill of black lace which fringed the hand that lay upon our visitor's knee. Five little livid spots, the marks of four fingers and a thumb, were printed upon the white wrist.
There was a long silence, during which Holmes leaned his chin upon his hands and stared into the crackling fire.
I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in town.
She dropped her thick black veil over her face and glided from the room.
"And what do you think of it all, Watson?" asked Sherlock Holmes, leaning back in his chair.
Why don't you go take a shower?
Tom removed his contacts.
Tom removed his contact lenses.
They ate lunch at a small restaurant.
So tall was he that his hat actually brushed the cross bar of the doorway.
Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs.
I should be very much obliged if you would slip your revolver into your pocket. An Eley's No. is an excellent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots.
That and a tooth-brush are, I think all that we need.
It was a perfect day, with a bright sun and a few fleecy clouds in the heavens.
The trees and wayside hedges were just throwing out their first green shoots, and the air was full of the pleasant smell of the moist earth.
There was a strange contrast between the sweet promise of the spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged.
A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there jutted out the gray gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
The building was of gray, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side.
In one of these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin.
"Where does that bell communicate with?" he asked at last pointing to a thick bell-rope which hung down beside the bed, the tassel actually lying upon the pillow.
"What's in here?" he asked, tapping the safe.
We don't keep a cat. But there is a cheetah and a baboon.
A cheetah is just a big cat.
A cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants.
"It is very essential, Miss Stoner," said he, "that you should absolutely follow my advice in every respect." "I shall most certainly do so." "The matter is too serious for any hesitation. Your life may depend upon your compliance."
In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room.
You must confine yourself to your room, on pretence of a headache, when your stepfather comes back.
Tom took Mary on a romantic vacation.
Both Miss Stoner and I gazed at him in astonishment.
Good-bye and be brave.
But we shall have horrors enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful.
Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour.
Beside this table, on the wooden chair, sat Dr. Grimesby Roylott clad in a long gray dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet thrust into red heelless Turkish slippers.
"It is a swamp adder!" cried Holmes; "the deadliest snake in India."
"I had," said he, "come to an entirely erroneous conclusion which shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from insufficient data."
You should've seen the look on Tom's face.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he found out.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he saw Mary and John kissing.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when Mary walked in.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when Mary kissed him.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary did.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary had done.
You might've fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You might've been able to fool Tom, but you won't be able to fool Mary.
I was able to convince Tom, but I wasn't able to convince Mary.
Tom walked in on Mary and John kissing.
Tom showed up empty-handed at Mary's birthday party.
Tom asked us to turn down the music.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they often finish each other's sentences.
Tom did everything by the book.
Salad again?
Eat your salad.
This restaurant has a salad bar.
The 1980's called and they want you to shut the hell up.
Finish painting the room.
Clean those brushes.
The dog is infested with ticks.
My sister has Lyme disease.
Mary has Morgellons disease.
I am feeling better today.
The dog is wearing my socks.
The dog has destroyed my shoes.
All the fruit has gone bad.
Can I borrow your puppy? I want to attract women at the park.
I don't want to be on any prescription medicine.
There was a huge mistake.
This looks better than that.
Turn around and smile for the camera.
Take pictures of all the rooms.
Put this in the filing cabinet.
Snap to it.
He has huge balls.
I need to buy a mortar and pestle to grind garbanzo beans for authentic hummus.
Hummus comes from the Arabic word for chickpeas.
Tell me something interesting about garlic because you reek of it.
Mary farted. Tom turned around. "I love explosive performances," said Tom. Mary did not laugh.
Mary never laughs.
Mary is a florist.
Big nose, bald, pockmarked skin. Tom had all those qualities that Mary adored.
Mary didn't like her boyfriends to be too handsome. She didn't want to compete with other women.
I smashed the alarm clock.
He committed arson at work for revenge.
The original episodes of Star Trek put him in a trance.
He always wore the same green sweater with the collars turned up.
"Does your dog speak French?" asked Mary.
I live inside a machine.
"Am I the only one that has a phobia about water on my food?" asked Tom.
I don't want you to hear it, too.
Mr. Hungerton, her father, really was the most tactless person upon earth—a fluffy, feathery, untidy cockatoo of a man, perfectly good-natured, but absolutely centred upon his own silly self.
Her father really was the most tactless person upon the Earth.
Tom is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Tom was a wrestler in high school.
Tom wrestled in high school.
Tom sat on the back steps.
Tom sat on the steps.
They wrestled playfully on the ground.
Tom picked Mary up and slung her over his shoulder.
Tom picked Mary up and carried her in his arms.
Tom and his dog wrestled playfully for the ball.
Tom and John wrestled in the backyard.
Mary watched the boys wrestle playfully in the backyard.
Tom played a board game with his friends.
Tom and his friends played a German board game.
Tom is a social media addict.
Mary is a social media addict.
Board games are popular in Germany.
Tom and his friends played the Settlers of Catan.
Tom and his friends played Monopoly.
Tom and Mary played Scrabble.
Tom and Mary played backgammon.
Tom and Mary play bridge.
Tom and Mary are Bridge partners.
Tom was born and raised in the United States.
Tom was born in Canada.
Tom grew up in Canada.
They wrestled playfully for a few minutes.
Tom's mother is Canadian.
This board game was designed so that every game is fairly close until the last turn.
Nikola Tesla was a prolific inventor.
Thomas Edison was a prolific inventor.
Tom suddenly became a genius after hitting his head on a rock in an bike accident.
They wrestled playfully in the grass.
Mary threw caution to the wind.
Tom is an autistic savant.
Muhammad Ali is considered one of the greatest boxers of all time.
Muhammad Ali ran four to eight miles a day backwards.
Most people go to college to get a diploma.
I'm in the school play.
All the other teenagers have nice cars.
Snakes shed their skin.
"The problem with teenage dogs is that they die usually in their junior or senior years. Few, if any, make it to college," said Tom. "You insensitive prick! We just buried the family dog!" said Mary.
Tom and Mary chased each other in circles.
This is the moment you've all been waiting for.
This was the moment they had all been waiting for.
How about we order pizza?
I haven't had pizza in over a year.
"How about we order pizza?" "That's a great idea. I haven't had pizza in over a year."
I am convinced that he really believed in his heart that I came round to the Chestnuts three days a week for the pleasure of his company, and very especially to hear his views upon bimetallism–a subject upon which he was by way of being an authority.
For an hour or more that evening I listened to his monotonous chirrup.
Mary was completely exhausted.
They were both completely exhausted.
At last I was alone with Tom.
At last I was alone with Gladys, and the moment of fate had come!
She sat with that proud, delicate profile of hers outlined against the red curtain.
How beautiful she was!
How beautiful she was! And yet how aloof!
We had been friends, quite good friends; but never could I get beyond the same comradeship which I might have established with one of my fellow-reporters upon the Gazette–perfectly frank, perfectly kindly, and perfectly unsexual.
Gladys was full of every womanly quality.
That delicately bronzed skin, almost Oriental in its colouring, that raven hair, the large liquid eyes, the full but exquisite lips—all the stigmata of passion were there.
Better be a repulsed lover than an accepted brother.
I have a presentiment that you are going to propose, Ned. I do wish you wouldn't; for things are so much nicer as they are.
I drew my chair a little nearer.
"How did you know that I was going to propose?" I asked in genuine wonder.
But, oh, Ned, our friendship has been so good and so pleasant! What a pity to spoil it!
Don't you feel how splendid it is that a young man and a young woman should be able to talk face to face as we have talked?
"You've spoiled everything, Ned," she said.
Why can't you control yourself?
But why can't you love me, Gladys? Is it my appearance, or what?
"Now tell me what's amiss with me?" "I'm in love with somebody else," said she.
I'm in love with somebody else.
It was my turn to jump out of my chair.
Tell me about him. What does he look like?
Well, what is it that he does that I don't do? Just say the word—teetotal, vegetarian, aeronaut, Theosophist, Superman—I'll have a try at it, Gladys, if you will only give me an idea what would please you.
"Well, in the first place, I don't think my ideal would speak like that," said she. "He would be a harder, sterner man, not so ready to adapt himself to a silly girl's whim. But, above all, he must be a man who could do, who could act, who would look Death in the face and have no fear of him—a man of great deeds and strange experiences."
She looked so beautiful in her enthusiasm.
It is the mark of the kind of man I mean that he makes his own chances.
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done.
Look at that young Frenchman who went up last week in a balloon. It was blowing a gale of wind, but because he was announced to go he insisted on starting. The wind blew him fifteen hundred miles in twenty-four hours, and he fell in the middle of Russia.
Think of the woman he loved, and how other women must have envied her!
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done. It's for men to do them, and for women to reserve their love as a reward for such men.
That's what I should like—to be envied for my man.
I'd have done it to please you.
You shouldn't do it merely to please me.
"Now, when you described the Wigan coal explosion last month, could you not have gone down and helped those people, in spite of the choke-damp?" "I did." "You never said so." "There was nothing worth bucking about."
She looked at me with rather more interest.
That was brave of you.
What a prosaic motive! It seems to take all the romance out of it.
She gave me her hand, but with such sweetness and dignity that I could only stoop and kiss it.
I dare say I am merely a foolish woman with a young girl's fancies.
If I marry, I do want to marry a famous man.
As you say, men ought to make their own chances, and not wait until they are given.
You have everything a man could have—youth, health, strength, education, energy.
Her dear hand rested like warm velvet upon my lips.
Some day, perhaps, when you have won your place in the world, we shall talk it over again.
And so it was that I found myself that foggy November evening pursuing the Camberwell tram with my heart glowing within me, and with the eager determination that not another day should elapse before I should find some deed which was worthy of my lady.
This opening chapter will seem to the reader to have nothing to do with my narrative; and yet there would have been no narrative without it, for it is only when a man goes out into the world with the thought that there are heroisms all round him, and with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come within sight of him, that he breaks away as I did from the life he knows, and ventures forth into the wonderful mystic twilight land where lie the great adventures and the great rewards.
Was it hardness, was it selfishness, that she should ask me to risk my life for her own glorification? Such thoughts may come to middle age, but never to ardent three-and-twenty in the fever of his first love.
I felt hot and sticky.
Atlantic City in August is unbearably humid.
I'll see you on Tuesday. I mean tomorrow.
I like flowers, for example, roses.
The weather was bad so the plane was delayed.
Tell me about her. What does she look like?
Be a good sport.
Mickey Rourke almost committed suicide, but his dog made eye contact and convinced him to put the gun down.
Blood plasma is remarkably similar to sea water.
Tom tripped his boss.
Tom ate a can of beans.
Dogs seem to be getting smarter every year. I remember a farm dog long ago that tried to bite the tires of every pickup truck that drove past on the frontage road. Nowadays dogs never look up from their iPads. Yes, there's an occassional licking of their balls, but then it's back to the iPad.
Tom's dog was severely injured after being run over by a car. The dog refused to come out from underneath the house where it licked its wounds.
Mary bribed them with custard.
The guests stayed an extra day.
I have to help him. He's my friend.
I have to help her. She's my friend.
The old man nodded as I entered the room, and he pushed his spectacles far up on his bald forehead.
"Do you think, sir, that you could possibly send me on some mission for the paper? I would do my best to put it through and get you some good copy." "What sort of mission had you in your mind, Mr. Malone?" "Well, sir, anything that had adventure and danger in it. I would really do my very best. The more difficult it was the better it would suit me."
Tom smiled grimly.
You're big enough to look after yourself.
I noticed a tall, thin, angular man seated in an arm-chair by the fire.
What do you know of Professor Challenger?
He is a violent, dangerous, cantankerous character, hated by everyone who comes across him.
I thought of it first, but never acted on it.
It was a five-alarm fire.
"And so I said T.M.I., Tom. Too much information. I don't want to hear about your gross surgery," said Mary. "I know he is disgusting," said Mary's sister.
"Is French-Canadian an oxymoron?" asked Mary. "Far in the distance, there stands a lone drummer, and a rimshot is faintly heard," said Tom.
Habits turned into abuses.
American humor is often based on exaggeration.
Yes, sir, I would like to speak French.
He was sleeping in the bed.
Why do you want to walk in the park?
Cicero came late.
The poems of Homer were written in Greek.
A lion was sent to kill Hercules.
He is returning from Berlin tomorrow.
Although silver is precious, gold is more precious.
One of the eagle's wings was broken.
Part of the town was destroyed by the fires.
They say that the war is finished.
They make a desert, and they call it peace.
Mary was condemned to death.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
The water of the ocean is undrinkable.
You had gone to Italy to see the king's son.
Most people know that sea water is undrinkable.
You will wash the apple.
Could you please wash this apple for me?
If you wash apples, you don't need to peel them before you eat them.
My sister likes painting.
Darkness flees at sunrise.
Tom asked about Mary.
The outcome of war is uncertain.
You seem happy to me.
Knowledge is the foundation and source of good writing.
I murdered them all.
Your summer vacation sounds stupid.
Mary's sister is a total bitch.
Let's ditch them and hide under the bleachers.
I found this pickle on the floor. Should I eat it?
"Dad, Tom said humans descended from apes." "He certainly did. However, our ancestors were great kings."
Tensions between the USA and Russia are on the rise.
Tensions between the US and Russia are growing.
I was indoctrinated to hate religion.
Abortion is murder.
Mary is an influencer.
Turning over such things in her inflamed heart, the goddess came to the country of storm-clouds, Aeolia, breeding place of the raging winds.
Here in a vast cavern king Aeolus rules over the struggling winds and howling tempests, and restrains them in prison with fetters.
I have that song stuck in my head.
That song blows.
Buy some water jugs when you're in the store.
I like the Scottish accent.
Have you had dinner yet?
Those indignant winds grumble with a loud murmuring around the confines of the mountain; Aeolus sits in his high citadel, holding his scepter, and he soothes their spirits and tempers their rages: if he did not do this, they would surely snatch away seas and lands and the deep heaven itself, and sweep them off through the windy sky.
She took the prettiest silver pitcher which was in the residence.
Our world keeps getting smaller.
His reaction speed amazed me.
We will fight until Hell freezes over. And afterward, we will fight on the ice.
Go eat breakfast.
He's a nervous pee-er.
I can't fall asleep with my bladder full.
Where's your other shoe?
Go buy some ice.
The pool is full.
No, I don't want to see your handgun.
He's coming out of his depression.
What a bunch of pricks!
Did you fart on my salad?
You forgot to buy lettuce.
Do you know how to play hacky sack?
He's a junior writer on the show.
Have you heard the gossip?
I'll have the crab.
Cats like string.
There was a pile of feathers underneath the birdcage and a content cat sleeping near the fireplace.
Pardon me! I forgot your first name. Oh no, I remember. Your name is Maria.
He's naturally hairy.
Some people have compared Esperantism to a cult, but soon there will come a time when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
Some people have likened Esperantism to a cult, but soon the time will come when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
He's wearing his mask.
Take a picture.
Don't wake us up.
I'm out of underwear.
She can't stop crying.
I bought a new gravy boat.
Will you remember me?
Slow as you go.
This is a new chapter of my life.
Let's get it.
Get it for me.
Get it for us.
Let's ask for it.
Ask for it.
Come.
You're very short.
What day is today?
Is that your answer?
Is it next to the door?
I'm behind you.
He's from a small town
He's not from a big city.
She's in front of me.
Who's that person?
Is it an important job?
Is it near his house?
Is his job interesting?
Is his company important?
That's a short report.
My address isn't on your list.
Who's she with?
This is an easy game.
He's an important director.
Which book is big, this one or that one?
Who's in that car?
He's a big deal.
I just knew it!
What jerks!
Gosh, it stinks downstairs real bad.
He finally got his head screwed back on.
He hates paperwork.
He hates the government.
He hates clerks.
Put on your flippers.
Clean your snorkel.
Eat less carbs.
Tom is working on flattening his stomach.
Tom makes open-faced sunflower butter sandwiches with rice cakes.
Tom is freezing.
Eccles and Bluebottle were the funniest characters on The Goon Show radio program.
Benny Hill was a huge Francophile and spoke French fluently.
He's in that room.
Where's the email?
It's not on the wall.
Where is it then?
Your mother is very young.
This is his last chance.
My dad and my mom went to shopping with my brother and sister.
Is his wife happy in New York?
The folder is empty.
Syntax error.
This meeting is boring.
World Mobile Congress.
Is this the last page?
Your fax wasn't received.
This is my mobile.
Is the book in your briefcase?
Who's my teacher?
Your problem isn't important.
Who's this box for?
Company's CEO visits us.
The CEO of the company visits us.
Are these exercises difficult?
These numbers are wrong.
Where do you have your pencil?
Where are his?
Whose pictures are those?
Whose are they then?
They're at home now.
It was an imposing porticoed house at which we stopped, and the heavily-curtained windows gave every indication of wealth upon the part of this formidable Professor.
The door was opened by an odd, swarthy, dried-up person of uncertain age.
He looked me up and down with a searching light blue eye.
He seemed to be a person of few words.
Following him down the passage I was suddenly interrupted by a small woman, who stepped out from what proved to be the dining-room door.
She was a bright, vivacious, dark-eyed lady, more French than English in her type.
"Step in here, sir. May I ask if you have met my husband before?" "No, madam, I have not had the honor." "Then I apologize to you in advance. I must tell you that he is a perfectly impossible person—absolutely impossible."
It is most considerate of you, madam.
Get quickly out of the room if he seems inclined to be violent. Don't wait to argue with him. Several people have been injured through doing that.
I could not lie to a lady.
Pretend to believe him, and you may get through all right.
A more honest man never lived.
The professor sat in a rotating chair behind a broad table, which was covered with books, maps, and diagrams.
His appearance made me gasp.
His head was enormous, the largest I have ever seen upon a human being. I am sure that his top-hat, had I ever ventured to don it, would have slipped over me entirely and rested on my shoulders.
He transfixed me with two sharp, steely eyes.
This is your problem, not mine.
Are these magazines his?
The ship's in the port.
He had sprung to his feet with a mad rage in his eyes.
Did you think you could match cunning with me—you with your walnut of a brain?
He's an artist.
"Don't be such a fool, Professor!" I cried.
A policeman was beside us, his notebook in his hand.
The university's near here.
"What's all this? You ought to be ashamed," said the policeman.
The days are long in the summer.
It's a very interesting brochure.
The small woman was in a furious temper.
Hardly was the door shut when Mrs. Challenger darted out from the dining-room. The small woman was in a furious temper. She barred her husband's way like an enraged chicken in front of a bulldog.
"You brute, George!" she screamed. "You've hurt that nice young man."
I am so sorry, I didn't see you.
What kind of watch is that?
Oh, George, what a brute you are!
You've finished my patience. This ends it.
They're here because they're my friends.
"It's not a secret," she cried. "Do you suppose that the whole street—the whole of London, for that matter—— Get away, Austin, we don't want you here. Do you suppose they don't all talk about you?"
What colour are those walls?
He bellowed with laughter.
The one on the desk is mine.
All that you say is perfectly true. I should be a better man if I did what you advise, but I shouldn't be quite George Edward Challenger. There are plenty of better men, my dear, but only one G.E.C. So make the best of him.
The Professor closed the door carefully behind us, motioned me into an arm-chair, and pushed a cigar-box under my nose.
Now lean back, and listen attentively to whatever I may care to say to you. If any remark should occur to you, you can reserve it for some more opportune time.
When are the meetings?
They're not in that meeting.
You are aware—or probably, in this half-educated age, you are not aware—that the country round some parts of the Amazon is still only partially explored, and that a great number of tributaries, some of them entirely uncharted, run into the main river.
They're with her because they're her friends.
Why are you with them?
Those beaches are far from here.
The water's very hot.
Would you kindly look at this?
The owner's explanation is clear.
This place is very pleasant.
It's a very hot day.
What's their answer?
What are the real figures?
Why are the people angry?
Do people really want to be educated?
Don't do crunches if you're pregnant.
Eat all the chocolate ice cream you want. It's your life.
And then what?
I said something stupid.
Where are your son's toys?
There was no alternative.
"You did that on purpose." "I did not!"
Tom stepped on the scale.
You're going to need all the help you can get.
Tom stepped off the scale.
The midterms are coming up.
My midterms exams are coming up soon.
The midterm elections are coming up.
Where is the welcoming committee?
Taking things apart is easier than putting them back together.
Tom and Mary are in the same study group.
This is a direct order.
What will we do now?
Can I borrow your notes?
I'm not leaving him behind.
I'm not leaving her behind.
I'm not leaving you behind.
Tom leaned against the locker.
Access denied.
Access restricted.
Tom and Mary were voted the cutest couple in their class.
Mary wore a sleeveless gown.
Update your system.
Improve your skills
Dogs are our best friends.
Mary wore a strapless dress.
You'll need a dress for the cocktail party.
Most of my stuff is still in storage.
She didn't want Tom to see her like this.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her like this.
Where's the lawyer's money?
It's not enough space.
I'm not going to Tom's apartment.
I'm not going to Tom's house.
I'm not going to Tom's place.
I will clean this up later.
And by time I got here, my wife had already gone out.
Always I hid who I really was.
To most people, I'm an extroverted person.
Never volunteer for anything.
I'll put this away.
You destroyed their family.
Do you want to sign?
You must be quick, otherwise you will not see her.
I couldn't ask you.
Maybe we should have thought of this before.
Maybe I should have thought of this before.
Maybe you should have thought of this before.
I did not receive a response from him until today.
From the second letter of Saint Paul.
Either I am right, or you are right.
"And I may come?" I asked eagerly. "Why, surely," he answered, cordially.
It looks like this German deli is killing its customers. They all look horrible and bloated.
I'll have the prime rib dinner.
I don't like gravy with my dinner. Gravy tastes like nasty chemicals to me.
Tom is such a jerk sometimes.
Can I change the mashed potatoes to coleslaw?
We only serve the prime rib dinner on weekends.
I really want that bag of paprika potato chips.
It took about minutes.
Banh Mi are Vietnamese sandwiches.
Tom ate an avocado toast.
Mary ate a smashed avocado toast.
I prefer to err on the side of caution.
Tom ate a stale sandwich.
Tom ate a doner kebab.
Tom ate a falafel sandwich.
Tom ate a lobster roll.
Tom ate a panini.
Tom ate a pulled pork sandwich.
Tom ate a roast beef sandwich.
Tom ate a chicken sandwich.
Tom ate a sloppy joe.
Tom ate a cheeseburger.
Tom ate a tuna sandwich.
Tuna sandwiches are usually made with mayonnaise.
Tom only eats dolphin-safe tuna.
Fischbrötchen are fish sandwiches that are popular in Northern Germany.
Tom ate a cheesesteak sandwich.
Tom ate a Philly steak sandwich.
The Bauru is a popular Brazilian sandwich.
That flower is edible.
Why would he suggest that, in your opinion?
One language isn't enough for anything.
A billion international auxiliary languages is never enough.
But in fear of this, the almighty father hid them in black caves, and placed a mound and high mountains over them, and he gave them a king who, under a binding agreement, would know both to suppress them and to give them loose reins, when ordered.
I own a dairy farm.
Tom made a student film.
Tom is studying film in college.
Two cats balanced on a ledge.
Canned beans and romance do not mix.
It stinks down here.
She is a work of art.
No one understands her.
Excuse me. Is this seat taken?
The buck stops here.
Mine is the next stop.
Pull over!
You are a beautiful woman!
After eating dinner, I walked the dog.
The dog and cat slept intertwined on a red pillow in front of the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the campfire.
The campfire roared and sparks shot up into the starry sky.
It is the broken people, the outcasts, that give the world its flavor. Otherwise, the world would be nothing but a bunch of soulless jerkoffs.
We live.
I dreamt I was a horse.
I like every type of olives.
Children like to put olives on the end of their fingers.
Tom said Mary wasn't skeptical.
It pays to tip well.
I feel she doesn't love me any longer.
I remember the day we met.
She's the girl who accepts and loves me as I am.
These are not ravens; these are crows.
It's a very intelligent bird, but it's not a magpie at all; it's a jackdaw.
I'll marry her.
Our life absolutely changed in Boston.
As I got the train, I didn't think I wouldn't return any more.
Figured it's the least I could do.
I have no idea why he did what he did.
He's his friend.
It would be a dream come true.
I like English muffins, but they'd have to be gluten free.
I warmed my hands in front of the campfire.
When I was a child, there was a sprawling swap meet held every weekend a few towns away. I remember the hardened characters that stood around fire barrels, selling their wares.
Say hello to my incline treadmill.
The steak was inadvertently burnt, but nonetheless it tasted spectacular.
Lovely ivy cascaded down and partially obscured the cave entrance.
I like this browser the best.
Please buy some blood oranges at the grocery store.
I'll nurse you back to health with colorful vegetables and hearty stews.
His legs were broken in a bicycling accident.
He started his musical career by busking in the town square.
Christianity is the truth.
The priest is a good man.
Priests are good men.
The coffee was bitter.
Don't leave it in the microwave too long.
Do you like peas?
Can you see through the eyes of Player2?
It takes me hours to feel like I'm awake.
I'm a caffeine recycling machine.
Excuse me, but I'm lying.
This wasn't the first time.
Has anyone ever in human history driven to the store only to buy beans?
Where's the proof of that?
I've cured all my maladies with a diet of unprocessed food and by forgoing gluten, wheat, and grains.
"If I can only change one person's life," said Mary. "You mean Player2?" said Tom,
Strengthen your core.
It's a science to find the perfect fruit and vegetables in the grocery store.
Big pharma wants you dead.
There's a weird taste to this cererly.
Why certainly! Yuk, yuk.
Hey! Wait a minute!
I'm heading to the gym.
How can I be freezing?
He likes to pontificate in his spare time.
The Catholic Church built the West.
They are beautiful.
Jesus is good.
Is the Holocaust a hoax?
The cat woke up.
This woman is ugly.
Simone de Beauvoir is an ugly woman.
The priest is good.
This priest is a good man.
The video shows a trick on how to open a pomegranate easily.
It's soft to the touch.
I'm being railroaded.
Why the inquision?
What do you hope to prove?
OK, hop to it.
Put it in a lower gear.
You'll burn out the clutch.
My arm has gone numb.
My hands are numb from the fall.
I like that shirt on you. It's slimming.
Take out the recyclables.
I'm going to the hazardous waste dump.
The pharmacist died of an overdose.
The doctor was arrested.
I sued my doctor for malpractice.
I still have a piece of shrapnel in my chest.
Two masked men held up the jewelry store last night.
The bookkeeper was arrested for embezzlement.
He's a fidgeter.
Why are you sweating so much?
She just doesn't understand you.
He's a fantastic uncle with his nephew.
Stop playing video games for three years.
The dog is barking in his sleep.
What are the usual storylines behind a typical dog dream?
It was a high production dog dream. They even had catering.
"I am going to fart," said Tom. "I've never been there," said Mary. "Believe me, in your sleep you have," said Tom.
We eat buffalo burgers on Thursdays.
I think your uncle has high blood pressure. His face is always red.
Your cousin is disgusting.
He's perfected his weight lifting program and diet.
Tom and Mary make all their meals for the week on Sundays.
Simone de Beauvoir is a bad woman.
Simone de Beauvoir is a filthy woman.
Simone de Beauvoir is a dirty woman.
Women hate feminism.
Who is the son of Mary? Jesus.
He is in seventh place.
Tom and Mary have anorexia.
She's always been bested and so she acts like a fucking cunt.
I wish I was full-blooded Scottish instead of just an eye dropper full. Then I could get my full indignantion on.
Ten dollars for three ounces of German potato chips? Are you kidding me?
They don't make self-righteous fucknuts like they used to.
I'll respond in a couple of hours.
I'm so constipated I'm going to shit diamonds.
Dang it! Lentils weight a lot more than I expected. Now I'm stuck with 2.pounds of bulk lentils. Maybe I should put them down and run.
Thank you for fucking up this planet. Sincerely, the rest of us.
Tom lost a lot of weight and now he's cold all the time.
I can't wait for this.
You can't trust anyone these days.
Mary nudged her horse forward.
I'm happy about this.
I'm very happy about this.
It was another perfect day.
She couldn't look away.
He couldn't look away.
So, how did I do?
She smiled awkwardly at him.
Tom smiled awkwardly at Mary.
I know she has a boyfriend.
I know he has a girlfriend.
Tom mentally kicked himself.
Mary mentally kicked herself.
Are you going to the gala?
Tom rented a tuxedo.
Mary adjusted the straps of her dress.
Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing.
Mary was wearing ripped jeans.
"There's a hole in your jeans." "Yeah, I know. I bought them like that."
Mary's jeans are ripped at the knees.
Mary made her own ripped jeans with a utility knife.
Ripped jeans are back in fashion.
Mary wore knee cut jeans.
Mary wore boyfriend jeans.
Mary wore a boyfriend T-shirt.
Tom wore an old wool sweater.
Mary seemed a little bored.
Mary, come back to Paris with me.
I was too excited to sleep.
Are you traveling alone?
You completely missed my point.
Mary flushed red at the compliment.
The baby looked just like his mother.
We had a minor disagreement.
I began to feel uneasy.
Tom looked thoughtful.
Will you come to the meeting?
Do you have a problem with it?
We weren't expecting you so soon.
It was even better than I had imagined.
It was even better than I had imagined it would be.
It was a lot easier than I had imagined.
It worked even better than I had imagined.
Things had gone even better than I had imagined.
Tom watched in amazement.
How do you know how to do this?
"Did you know about this?" "About what?"
Where are all the scarfs?
Turn on the fan.
Drain the oil.
Wash the vegetables.
Keep stirring.
Flip them over.
She's had a long day.
I'm drinking too much coffee.
Let's play a board game.
Where can I buy organic eggs?
For the finishing touch, add fresh herbs.
A deer sleeps on a hill in our yard every night.
If you live deep in a forest, don't watch scary movies.
She is breathing deeply in her sleep.
She has dark curly hair that glistens.
Salt and pepper to taste.
You know the ritual.
I'm from upper state New York.
As a kid, I was supposed to have my own laboratory in barn, but our family did not buy the old farm.
We learned a lot about life and nature in summer camp.
She's a gold digger.
Do you know the lyrics?
I've written nine hit songs and an award-winning musical.
He is a fitness expert.
Tom and Mary are fascists.
Tom loves fascism.
Porn kills love.
Your parents love you.
Your parents really like you.
Let's sing!
Let us sing!
You will take a nap.
You'll be taking a nap.
Juno then, as a suppliant, addressed him in these words: "Aeolus (for the father of the gods has granted you authority to calm the seas and to stir them up with the winds), a race hateful to me is sailing upon the Tyrrhenian sea, carrying Troy along with its conquered gods to Italy."
She's a crazy witch.
There's more than enough sadness to go around.
Tom brought a cake.
I assume you are Canadian.
But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt, because the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind.
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
My brothers, do not be children in mind: in evil be as little children, but in mind be of full growth.
Brothers, let me put this in human terms. Even a human covenant, once it is ratified, cannot be canceled or amended.
Dear friends, although I was making every effort to write to you concerning our common salvation, I considered it a necessity to write to you to encourage you to contend for the faith delivered once and for all to the saints.
For we hear that some among you are living irresponsibly, working at nothing, but being busybodies.
Is this game cross-platform?
I hope you aren’t afraid of heights.
You don’t have to worry too much.
It's not bedtime yet.
What did you discover?
Is everyone a forensic scientist now?
He can't seem to relax.
He has anxiety issues.
Now everyone has an Irish accent?
Tom is hitlerist.
A person who makes a beast of themselves gets rid of the pain of being human.
Behold! This is the disciple of Jesus.
This is the disciple of Jesus.
I put my hat on.
They put their clothes on.
Mary put her jewellery on.
He put the jumper on inside out.
He quickly put his trousers on.
I put my Sunday best on.
What did you wear last night?
She put a jumper on so she wouldn’t catch a cold.
Mary put her coat on and left.
Tom took his clothes off and put the pyjamas on.
Tom got dressed and put his shoes on.
She put some make-up on, made herself pretty and went to the date.
Please, don’t say anything; I haven’t put my shit-resistant trousers on today.
The woman put on some black clothes and red shoes with very high heels.
The lawyer put his robe on before defending his client in the trial.
He put his cooking apron on in order to avoid getting his jumper dirty with greasy stains.
This is your son, Mary!
Jesus is your son, Mary!
Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Our Lord is with thee.
Our Lord is with you.
The Lord is with you.
We watched Ukrainian films with Esperanto subtitles.
Tom is a Christian priest.
Tom is a Catholic priest.
Atheism is a mistake.
Cows are considered sacred by Hindus.
Popular lectures are the easiest to listen to, but they are necessarily both superficial and misleading, since they have to be graded to the comprehension of an ignorant audience.
The project is massive.
The issues encountered will be epic.
Construction will start in a few weeks.
Feminism is disgusting.
She'll have a second chance of life.
He works for a public utility.
Can you keep me company?
It's a toxic environment.
Over baboons have escaped from the Paris Zoological Park.
I am a barbarian.
I'm hungry again.
I have a huge appetite.
Brace yourself!
They just woke up.
We sell everything: from soup to nuts.
I don't like mussels.
It won't matter in the long run.
Let's meet at that fondu restaurant.
She's crippled now.
Wow! You've lost a lot of weight.
Can you watch your brother for a little while?
Can you watch your sister for a little while? We won't be gone long.
Mary was wearing her new dress.
I haven't been out in ages.
I haven't been out for ages.
Tom used to bring me here to swim when I was younger.
Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
You've been looking strung out these past weeks.
Tom brought the cup to his lips.
Tom logged onto his Facebook account.
Give me a moment to change.
Tom sent Mary a friend request.
No one had an answer.
Tom was awakened by the sound of a woman singing.
We'd like to look at some engagement rings.
How about we get out of here?
Tom became a cooperating witness.
I'm hungry for a Sicilian spleen sandwich.
Deep fry everthing.
The minutes became hours.
"Dog, can you do me a solid and poop?" said Tom.
Tom pooped in the hot tub.
It's day already.
Tom peed in the pool.
Tom got his painting framed.
Tom helped many muslims convert to Christianity.
Stop bragging.
Respect my privacy.
Where is the other screw?
I'm cured!
Correction. It's the inverse.
Good things will happen.
Fleas are everywhere downstairs.
Tom shaved his mustache.
Mary wore a floral print dress.
The wizard has a magic wand.
Dress for success.
Tom put a quarter into the jukebox.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend just before the prom.
Respect others.
Mary is disgusted with people who watch porn.
Tom always sits in the back of the class.
Mary always sat in the back of the class.
I will not settle for a silver medal.
That coffee smells so good.
She seems fake.
She can't hide her lack of passion.
What are they fighting about?
Put me on the cancelation list.
We make enough money to get by.
She brings the party with her wherever she goes.
The boys fought over a girl.
The girls fought over a boy.
You're blocking the view.
Hear, O Israel. The Lord is our God. The Lord is One.
I listen carefully to my religious community.
But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.
How narrow is the gate, and strait is the way that leadeth to life: and few there are that find it!
Porn is disgusting.
Tom had no idea why everyone was laughing.
Mary had no idea why everyone was laughing.
Tom, this is serious!
Tom turned Christian.
Mary's mad at me because she thinks I stole her boyfriend.
I hate it when they fight.
Mom and Dad are fighting again.
Hey, you two, get a room!
That's one of the greatest love songs ever written.
Tom's story had a happy ending.
Mary has a talking doll.
Edison's talking doll was a dismal failure.
Tom was getting ready to go out with his friends.
Mary is getting ready to go out with her friends.
I don't remember asking you for your advice.
I know this is an unpopular opinion.
Tom pushed Mary's hand away.
Mary pushed Tom's hand away.
Tom! How could you?
He was afraid of moths as a child.
Our class is taking a field trip tomorrow.
Remember those paintings we bought on the street in Paris?
No hugging at the gas station.
Please do not do push ups in the aisles.
I can't fathom it.
The Devil is afraid of you, Jesus.
It's a good idea, but is it worth it?
I'm hanging out with my friends.
Those lyrics make me want to puke.
If Mozart heard modern radio he'd run out into traffic and end it all.
I do not wash myself.
Do you want to watch another episode?
To solve the problem of Palestine it would be necessary for the Palestinians to abandon the so-called Palestinian Authority and unite around a common political front to defend the rights of all Palestinians, including the refugees and their descendants, who want to return to Palestine. It would also be necessary for them to definitively abandon the so-called "two-state solution," which in my opinion is very similar to the racist solution to South Africa that consisted of dividing South Africa into territories for white people and into territories supposedly "autonomous" or "independent" for the native peoples.
The football game is tomorrow.
Twenty minutes later a little girl came traipsing along.
There is a blue umbrella stand by the office entrance.
We stuffed ourselves with nougat and shortbread cookies during Christmas Holidays.
The sales manager is a very likeable woman.
We found all the trees leaning by the wind strength.
This summary is too succinct; it needs further elaboration to make it understandable.
They pretend to be sanctimonious but, in fact, they are hypocrite and despicable.
According to the president’s remark, the company will grow this year more than expected.
The facts are plain; nobody can deny them.
Despite the dramatic accident, the passengers were unhurt and walked out unharmed.
Guiñol is a puppet show, especially aimed at children, which nowadays is seldomly seen.
The media called her a homewrecker.
Tom dropped out of college and became a millionaire.
Tom dropped out of college and became a truck driver.
And the rest is history.
What have I gotten myself into?
Many people are afraid of traveling by plane.
The ride broke down.
The roller coaster broke down and Tom was stuck at the top for eight hours.
There was a really long line to get on the roller coaster.
Mary is an architect.
Tom is a drummer.
Tom is a bass player.
Tom's solo was awesome.
Mary is the lead singer.
You've got to teach me.
There are many low-cost airlines in Europe.
There are many budget airlines in Europe.
Tom got a bulk discount.
Tom is a flight attendant.
Mary is a flight attendant.
Tom's parents were very permissive.
Tom's parents were very strict.
Tom's parents are very permissive.
Tom's parents are very strict.
Mary's parents are very permissive.
Mary's parents were very permissive.
Mary's parents are very strict.
Mary's parents were very strict.
Tom is a respectful young man.
Tom found $in the dryer.
You need to print your ticket at home or show your ticket using your cellphone.
Tom's parents didn't allow him to watch Harry Potter.
Mary liked hanging around with Tom.
The waiter came over to take away Tom's empty plate.
The waiter came over to take Tom's order.
Tom met Mary at work.
Located 105.meters below the ground, Arsenalna station in Kiev is the deepest metro station in the world.
Tom smiled at Mary when she walked in.
Tom knows porn harms the brain.
Mary smiled at Tom when he walked in.
Mary told Tom she finds porn repulsive, so he quitted watching it.
Tom was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Mary was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Why is she talking to that guy?
Most European cities are very old.
Tom seemed to know just about everyone.
Mary seemed to know everyone.
Tom seemed to know everyone.
It was a tough pill to swallow.
In Finland, almost everyone has a sauna in their home.
The breakfast place is very busy.
The two dogs sniffed each other.
The hipster music played overhead at restaurant.
Please wait to be seated.
Seat yourself.
I should speak to Mary today.
Everyone gushes over how cute Mary's dog is.
I'm going to go find the restroom.
The beat was catchy.
Another song started playing.
I have your dog with me.
Porn is repulsive.
Feminism is wonderful!
Romanians are a religious people.
He never even tried to kiss me.
I tried to contain my laughter.
Mary tried to contain her laughter.
Tom loves the Russian people because they are Christians.
I am full of potatoes.
He only eats potatoes.
His blood sugar is spiking.
Your hippie crisp contained so much fiber! I lost five pounds the next day.
You have many fixations.
Stop thinking about Freud.
Does zionism kill more than Big Pharma?
Tom helped Mary with her luggage.
She lived a life of luxury.
Tom and Mary live in a spacious house.
Tom lives in the lap of luxury.
Her life was a fairytale.
The more people you know, the less time you have to visit them.
Our Father, who art in Heaven.
Thy kingdom come!
Do you want a hot dog?
What is your favorite comfort food?
I don't like those shoes.
Why didn't I know I was sick the whole time?
My brains were scrambled.
I have to leave in ten minutes.
Why do I hang out with you guys?
They clipped his wings.
She's in a deep sleep.
I'll have the red curry with brown rice.
I like underground comics.
Move a little!
Why do jews hate gentiles?
Christ conquers. Christ reigns. Christ commands.
Actually I hate porn.
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
Tom likes Ukranians because they are Christians.
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation! Thank you!
We accepted their invitation.
Her children do what they want.
Growing militarism in some countries puts world peace in danger.
His answer was unforeseen; none of us there expected it.
Capers are like little olives.
Both sportsmen are very competitive and, often, animosities arise between them.
The party ended up in chaos and, at the end, they were thrown out.
Your replies are improper of your condition of a cultured person.
The improbability of raining today is pretty high.
She was hoarse from all the shouting.
Can you count the stars?
I skimmed through the article.
I'll make a spinach salad.
Oh, yeah. I forgot I have protein powder.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North Sea.
Do you think she'll agree?
Do you think he'll agree?
His pride was wounded.
Don't worry. You'll make a fine father.
I'll do my best to make you proud.
Don't you read the papers?
Tom is a stenographer.
Mary is a stenographer.
He laid a hand on her shoulder.
Don't worry. Everything will work out fine.
Mary kissed her father on his cheek.
Don't worry. You'll be fine.
I don't work well in the mornings.
Don't tell me you've forgotten what day it is.
I wanted to thank you for last night.
You can't make a living being a writer.
Don't you threaten me!
You had your sister really worried.
Tom finished his plate almost as fast as I did.
Tom finished his meal first.
After I sat down in the restaurant, the waiter came over to take my order.
Mary gathered up her long dress.
Don't worry. Everything is fine.
Everything was not fine.
If there's anything I can do, just let me know.
Mary took off her gloves and laid them on the table.
Follow me right this way.
The waiter came over to the table.
What happened? Why are you crying?
They all raised their glasses.
Tom perused the menu.
Tom ordered some Eggs Benedict.
The children were restless.
That's not what I ordered.
Mary's face brightened.
Mary was surprised at her friend's reaction.
I'm making spaghetti sauce.
Slow down when you eat.
I'm not a firm believer.
Some doctor is vilifying tomatoes. Sounds like a scam.
We'll catch the next flight out.
We had mango and sticky rice for dessert.
Sleep is important for weight loss and for maintaining a healthy weight.
You don't need to apologize, Tom. I fell in love with you all on my own.
Mary is an aromatherapist.
Nobody said life was fair.
Life is not meant to be easy.
It wasn't part of the plan.
It's a great team-building exercise.
Tom went on a safari in Africa.
It smells delicious. What are you having?
What are you having? It smells delicious.
Mary crossed her fingers behind her back.
Tom crossed his fingers behind his back.
"Yes," said Mary, crossing her fingers behind her back.
A shiver ran down her spine.
A shiver ran down Tom's spine.
What did you cook? It smells delicious.
At what temperature do you cook your chicken?
You have better taste than I thought.
It was warm and cozy inside.
I want to fight!
Their wedding was televised on TV.
She wears an anklet.
Do you see the man's horse?
The horse only drinks pure water.
The goose was killed by a fox.
I want to write a book about the spiders of my region.
They say that you were wrong.
Be still, and know that I am God.
These are the girls.
Don't fish in this river. It is not allowed.
I think I heard a baby's cry.
These are James's glasses.
I opened the door with my key.
There are giant snakes on this island.
You shouldn't be so rude.
I don't see a horse, but I see a wolf.
For every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction.
Tom wasn't in school today.
What should we call the company?
What is the incubation period?
Why do you want to learn a foreign language?
Thirteen is definitely not an unlucky number, at least not for us.
I cannot feel a thing.
Tom tried to thwart their plans.
There is new Cult of Scientism, a dogmatic circle jerk of intellectual bullies who insist the only "science" that's true is their own selected brand of corporate-sponsored science.
Tom is against modern Big-Pharma-sponsored medicine.
Mary likes Italians because they are Catholic Christians.
Big Pharma doesn't give a damn about your health.
These are my underpants.
They really took advantage of you.
They really used you.
Tom is busy making breakfast for his family.
The insect wants to have sex.
The insect moves in a sexy way.
The insect's mouth moves in a sexy way.
God is mighty.
Alan is a perv.
Tom was addicted to porn, but he recovered and never watched it again.
Sami is a man.
I'm a big coffee drinker.
When do you leave?
What time are you getting up?
The seatbelt is broken.
This clothes bag is invaluable.
We march tonight under the cover of darkness.
Hail, Queen, mother of mercy.
I could barely afford anything two years ago.
I have been indoctrinated to hate Christianity.
Alan kills women with his hands.
He hasn't called yet.
Don't compare yourself to others.
Don't compare yourself to others. Be happy with who you are and what you have.
This picture fascinates me.
Their canoe capsized.
Cut the meat into thin strips.
"Strike force to the winds, sink and overwhelm the ships; or drive them apart and scatter their bodies on the sea."
I want to read a few sea novels.
Is that what she told you?
Is that what he told you?
"Fourteen nymphs are in my service, surpassing in comeliness, of whom Deiopea, the most beautiful, I will unite in steadfast marriage to you and declare her your own; that in exchange for such benefits she may dwell with you all her years, and make you the father of beautiful offspring."
This is no time to be shy.
I found myself walking under the silvery lights of Regent Street, full of thoughts of Gladys and of wonder as to my future.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
Don't go too far away from camp.
Tom hurried down the hall.
Tom tried to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together.
A gust of wind knocked over a large umbrella onto the diners.
Take your foot off the gas.
He eats beans only if he has no pending social engagements.
Do you know how to drink palm wine?
I miss the smell of chimney smoke.
Sompoton is a Kadazandusun traditional bamboo aerophone.
I'll make some tater tots for the kids.
Do you know how to play sompoton?
Everyone mucked in and the kitchen was abuzz.
Why are you so reluctant?
I like the pepper.
The blonde Frenchman killed the indigenous man.
Before the renovation the house was in a disastrous state.
Mary knows that porn harms the brain.
And Jesus wondered because of their unbelief, and he went through the villages round about teaching.
Tom has been a Christian since the year 1950.
Tom thought it was delicious.
I thought he was different.
Don't be ignorant.
I thought it was delicious.
Tom ate a pomegranate.
Tom thought it was delicious, but I thought was nothing special.
It was nothing special.
Tom spoke with his mouth full.
Tom is Amish.
Tom and Mary are Amish.
I've had my fill.
Tom and Mary cooked marshmallows over the fire.
This bread contains ancient grains, such as flaxseed, millet, kamut, amaranth, quinoa, red fife and Khorasan wheat.
This bread is made from sprouted grains.
Mary only eats sprouted bread.
Tom follows a raw vegan diet.
We should be extremely cautious.
Multigrain breads contain many kinds of grains.
Tom has a juicer.
Tom has a juice extractor.
It could be very dangerous.
Mary likes muesli.
Tom ate a Mediterranean farro salad.
I have no ulterior motives.
Tom drank a smoothie.
Blueberries contain antioxidants.
Tom ate a tempeh burger.
I've always wondered what it would be like.
I've always wondered what it would be like to live in the lap of luxury.
I've always wondered what it would be like to be rich.
Did you see the game yesterday?
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss her.
Tom and Mary are going through a nasty divorce.
Tom and Mary decided to marry and start a family.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support a family.
Tom teaches music part-time.
The doctor ran a few tests.
Tom stuffed a handful of popcorn into his mouth.
Oh, I just remembered.
Oh, I just remembered. Tom left you a message.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would rain.
Tom is happy that you were able to do that.
I'm happy you were able to do that.
What do you think this is, a hotel?
Why don't you come over here and hang out?
Mary laughed happily.
Focus on something positive.
Mary sold Girl Scout cookies in her neighborhood.
I'm so hungry I could eat an elephant.
Mary is very upset.
The moon slipped behind the clouds.
I'm getting tired of waiting.
The snow is soft.
Mary likes macaroni.
Tom ate mac and cheese.
Tom ate macaroni and cheese.
Tom slept.
Who's with you?
Tom is fit.
Women hate you.
I killed Tom.
Mary sings alto.
Let Tom wait.
People like you.
Tom is blond.
Who'll help you?
Tom is cheap.
These aren't mine.
Tom is three.
These aren't ours.
Tom threw up.
Is tomorrow Monday?
Mary sings soprano.
Will Tom live?
Monday was special.
I notified Tom.
This looks important.
I'm called Tom.
I work on Monday.
It's not Tom's.
Is that your son?
Tom hated that.
That's a big dog.
Tom likes dogs.
We met on Monday.
Tom likes math.
I'll come get you.
Tom loves math.
I'll go on Monday.
Tom scolded me.
I live near Boston.
Tom was strict.
I'm busy on Monday.
What's Tom job?
I'm free on Monday.
Tom drinks milk.
We met last Monday.
Tom is muscular.
Why didn't you eat?
Tom loves pizza.
You should go, too.
Tom pled guilty.
Please go to Boston.
Tom wanted help.
Let's meet on Monday.
Tom wants fruit.
We'll meet on Monday.
Tom was sloshed.
You're not like them.
Tom was smashed.
I'll meet you tonight.
That's Tom's dog.
Is that your daughter?
That's not Tom's.
Keep next Monday free.
This isn't Tom's.
Mary is my stepmother.
Tom bought bread.
Pour yourself a drink.
Tom didn't react.
Spring is almost here.
Tom is debt-free.
Winter is almost here.
Tom likes coffee.
I'll call you sometime.
Tom loves Boston.
Mary is my grandmother.
Tom loves apples.
What about next Monday?
We're Tom's sons.
Please come next Monday.
You cheated, didn't you?
I interviewed Tom.
Mary is my mother-in-law.
Please punish Tom.
Is there something happening?
Stop bullying Tom.
I wish I knew why.
Tom likes biology.
May I sit with you?
Tom likes science.
I'll send you a copy.
Tom likes walking.
I have work on Monday.
Tom loves science.
I'll come pick you up.
Tom murdered Mary.
I'll meet you at 2:30.
Tom was shirtless.
Tell me a ghost story.
We've located Tom.
What else will you do?
Where's Tom's dog?
When did you buy this?
Which one's Tom's?
Why do women hate you?
That's still Tom's.
I never work on Monday.
These aren't Tom's.
I'll let you handle it.
Tom isn't handsome.
Mary is doing her hair.
Tom loves football.
Mary is quite a looker.
Tom loves swimming.
This isn't what I need.
Tom googled himself.
This isn't what I want.
Tom humiliated Mary.
When did you make this?
Tom is quick-witted.
Why don't you eat beef?
Tom likes chemistry.
Why don't you eat pork?
Tom loves squirrels.
I never work on Mondays.
Tom studied biology.
I'll cut you some slack.
Tom studies biology.
I'm faster than you are.
Mary is fixing her hair.
Tom loves basketball.
Tell me why you're here.
Tom should've waited.
We never work on Monday.
We're Tom's children.
We stared at each other.
That's Tom's suitcase.
When did you paint this?
Tom sounded desperate.
When did you write this?
Tom studied chemistry.
Who'll help you do that?
Tom studies chemistry.
I wish today were Monday.
We're Tom's daughters.
I won't come before 2:30.
Something offended Tom.
I'll be free next Monday.
That's Tom's girlfriend.
I'm quicker than you are.
What's Tom's occupation?
Mary has lost an earring.
Tom is a VIP.
Mary is a beautiful lady.
So Tom went in.
Next Monday will be fine.
We all saw Tom.
We never work on Mondays.
Who let Tom in?
What'll you do on Monday?
Why is Tom sad?
I have plans Monday night.
I hate Tom, too.
Let's eat out next Monday.
I must warn Tom.
Mary is tall and gorgeous.
I saw Tom first.
Tell me about it tomorrow.
I'm sick of Tom.
You should really do that.
Tom is a nobody.
I play tennis every Monday.
Tom is a skater.
Tell me about your company.
I frowned at Tom.
Tell me about your hobbies.
I glanced at Tom.
Tell me about your problem.
I hate Tom's hat.
Tell me about your teacher.
I like Tom's cat.
I went shopping last Monday.
I love Tom's son.
No wonder you were confused.
I met Tom online.
Tell me about your problems.
I rarely see Tom.
I've tried doing that before.
I seldom see Tom.
Let's get together on Monday.
Is that dog Tom's?
Mary is a fine-looking woman.
Tom is also here.
Nothing bad has happened yet.
Tom is quite fit.
I'm more confused than before.
Tom lost his gun.
My grandparents live in Boston.
Tom smiles a lot.
You aren't doing that correctly.
I love Tom's idea.
Let's get together Monday evening.
I waxed Tom's car.
I know his weak points.
Tom's waiting for you.
Would you like a whole or half portion?
You're not really supposed to do that.
You aren't really supposed to do that.
You're not really older than me, are you?
You're not really older than I am, are you?
You should do what Tom tells you.
You should do what Tom tells you to do.
You need to do what you've been told to do.
You need to do what you've been told.
You look like you're not having any fun.
You look like you aren't having any fun.
You look like you aren't enjoying yourself.
You look like you're not enjoying yourself.
You don't seem to like anyone here.
You don't seem to like anybody here.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom is.
You don't seem amused by what's going on.
You don't seem to be amused by what's going on.
You don't look like you're having a good time.
You look like you aren't having a good time.
You can't be older than me.
You can't be older than I am.
Why does everyone need to do that?
Why does everybody need to do that?
Why do you think Tom is right?
Why do you think that Tom is right?
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the TV.
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the television.
When did you visit Boston last?
When did you last visit Boston?
What is Tom's last name?
What sort of person is Tom?
What else do you plan on doing?
What do you plan to do next?
What do you plan on doing next?
What did you go to Boston for?
What are you two planning to do?
What are you two planning on doing?
What are you planning to do next?
What are you planning on doing next?
What are you going to Boston for?
What are you doing Monday?
What are you doing on Monday?
We're likely going to have a hard time doing that.
We're likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
We'll be late if we don't hurry.
We work every day but Monday.
We work every day except Monday.
We don't have much time to get this done.
We don't have a lot of time to get this done.
We don't have much time to finish doing this.
We don't have a lot of time to finish doing this.
We don't have a lot of time to do that.
We're going to the beach.
Toss Tom the ball.
Toss me the ball.
Tomorrow I'm going to Boston.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as Tom is.
Tom's wife is almost as short as he is.
Tom's wife is almost as short as Tom is.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech was.
Tom's resignation surprised everyone.
Tom's resignation surprised everybody.
Tom's parents wish Tom would study harder.
Tom's parents wish he'd study harder.
Tom's parents were asleep when Tom got home.
Tom's parents told him that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told him not to do that.
Tom's parents told Tom not to do that.
Tom's parents thought that Tom was too young to live by himself.
Tom's parents never visited Tom when he was in the hospital.
Tom's parents let Tom stay out late at night.
Tom's parents let Tom do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was very young.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was thirteen.
Tom's parents found Tom unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents found him unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents don't allow Tom to go out at night.
Tom's parents don't let Tom go out at night.
Tom's parents died when Tom was three.
Tom's parents allow Tom to do what he wants.
Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother used to wash Tom's clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother told Tom to eat his vegetables.
Tom's mother told Tom he could do anything he wanted to do.
Tom's mother got angry at him for jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother got angry at Tom for jumping on his bed.
Tom's friends shouted for Tom to come out and play.
Tom's friends shouted for him to come out and play.
Tom's friends did their best to cheer Tom up.
Tom's father made Tom sell his motorcycle.
Tom's father is older than Mary's.
Tom's father is older than Mary's father.
Tom's father doesn't allow Tom to drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't let Tom drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't let him drive.
Tom's father beat him with a stick.
Tom's father beat Tom with a stick.
Tom's dog woke Tom up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog is still waiting for Tom just outside the front door.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to give up drinking.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to drink more milk.
Tom's classmates made fun of him.
Tom's classmates made fun of Tom.
Tom's birthday is October twentieth.
Tom yelled for help, but no one came.
Tom yelled for help, but nobody came.
Tom wrote Mary a song.
Tom wrote a poem for Mary.
Tom wrote Mary a poem.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to kiss him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to hug him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary hug him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to help him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary help him.
Tom works every day except Monday.
Tom works every day but Monday.
Tom won't be able do that without someone's help.
Tom won't be able do that without somebody's help.
Tom weighs about kilos.
Tom weighs about kilograms.
Tom wasn't able to repair the broken radio.
Tom wasn't able to fix the broken radio.
Tom was on the same train I was.
Tom was on the same train that I was.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt that he's still there.
Tom was asleep on the sofa.
Tom was asleep on the couch.
Tom was asleep on the living room sofa.
Tom was asleep on the living room couch.
Tom was afraid Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid everyone would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid everybody would laugh at him.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his father.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his father.
Tom visited not only Boston but also Chicago.
Tom visited not only Boston but Chicago, too.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's also teaching English.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's teaching English, too.
Tom understands French a lot better than everyone thinks he does.
Tom understands French a lot better than everybody thinks he does.
Tom tried to repair the broken radio.
Tom tried to fix the broken radio.
Tom tried on the hat, but it didn't fit.
Tom took his coat and gloves off.
Tom took his clothes off and put his pajamas on.
Tom took his clothes off and got into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and got into bed.
Tom took his clothes off and crawled into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and crawled into bed.
Tom told me you're very good at French.
Tom told me you're very good at baseball.
Tom told me you're unreliable.
Tom told me you're the person I should talk to.
Tom told me you're good at playing the trumpet.
Tom told me you're famous.
Tom told me you're a good singer.
Tom told me you're a French teacher.
Tom told me you're a compulsive gambler.
Tom told me you'd win.
Tom told me you'd done that.
Tom told me you'd do that.
Tom told me you'd be here today.
Tom told me you were with him yesterday afternoon.
Tom told me you were right.
Tom told me you told him that I wouldn't go to his party.
Tom told me you probably know where Mary lives.
Tom told me you like to eat spicy food.
Tom told me you like playing chess.
Tom told me you hate dancing.
Tom told me you didn't tell me everything.
Tom told me we're supposed to wait here.
Tom told me we're out of time.
Tom told me we were out of time.
Tom told me to be gone by the time he got here.
Tom told me this book is interesting.
Tom told me that this book is interesting.
Tom told me the trip was off.
Tom told me the trip had been canceled.
Tom told me the medicine he was taking didn't seem to help.
Tom told me the book was interesting.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told me that Mary would never do that again.
Tom told me that he's just done that.
Tom told me that he's decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me that he'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me that he'd like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me that he'd do it tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he'd rather not go.
Tom told me something was wrong.
Tom told me my plan was reasonable.
Tom told me my hair was too long.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't be here.
Tom told me Mary would likely be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary would likely be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary would likely be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary would likely be interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary would do that.
Tom told me that Mary would do that.
Tom told me Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me Mary wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me Mary wasn't upset.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't upset.
Tom told me Mary wasn't tired.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me Mary wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom told me Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me Mary wasn't shy.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't shy.
Tom told me Mary wasn't scared.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't scared.
Tom told me Mary wasn't retired.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't retired.
Tom told me Mary wasn't reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ready.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ready.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom told me Mary wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't lonely.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't lonely.
Tom told me Mary wasn't interested.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't interested.
Tom told me Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't his type.
Tom told me Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom told me Mary wasn't always late.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't always late.
Tom told me Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom told me Mary wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me Mary was very hungry.
Tom told me that Mary was very hungry.
Tom told me Mary was upset.
Tom told me that Mary was upset.
Tom told me Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me Mary was undependable.
Tom told me Mary was tired.
Tom told me that Mary was tired.
Tom told me Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me Mary was the one who told him that.
Tom told me Mary was the one who stole my bicycle, but I don't believe him.
Tom told me Mary was the one who did that.
Tom told me Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me Mary was shy.
Tom told me that Mary was shy.
Tom told me Mary was scared.
Tom told me that Mary was scared.
Tom told me Mary was safe.
Tom told me Mary was retired.
Tom told me that Mary was retired.
Tom told me Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary was ready.
Tom told me that Mary was ready.
Tom told me Mary was ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary was prepared to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was prepared to do that.
Tom told me Mary was on a diet.
Tom told me Mary was nervous.
Tom told me that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me Mary was lying.
Tom told me that Mary was lying.
Tom told me Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me Mary was interested.
Tom told me that Mary was interested.
Tom told me Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary was his type.
Tom told me Mary was his student.
Tom told me Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
Tom told me Mary was good at her job.
Tom told me Mary was doing that now.
Tom told me that Mary was doing that now.
Tom told me Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me Mary was broke.
Tom told me that Mary was broke.
Tom told me Mary was always late.
Tom told me that Mary was always late.
Tom told me Mary was afraid.
Tom told me that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom told me Mary was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me that Mary was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Tom told me Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me Mary quit smoking.
Tom told me Mary is safe.
Tom told me Mary is ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary is ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me Mary is awake.
Tom told me Mary has never done that.
Tom told me that Mary has never done that.
Tom told me Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom told me that Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom told me Mary has decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me that Mary has decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me Mary has decided to do that.
Tom told me that Mary has decided to do that.
Tom told me Mary has decided not to do that.
Tom told me Mary has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom told me that Mary has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom told me Mary has always done that that way.
Tom told me that Mary has always done that that way.
Tom told me Mary had done that.
Tom told me Mary had decided to do that.
Tom told me Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
Tom told me Mary had already left.
Tom told me Mary had already eaten.
Tom told me Mary had a new boyfriend.
Tom told me Mary got married last month.
Tom told me Mary died on Monday.
Tom told me Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told me Mary could do that.
Tom told me that Mary could do that.
Tom told me it's impossible.
Tom told me it was possible to rent a bicycle.
Tom told me if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with Mary.
Tom told me I'm the strongest person he's ever met.
Tom told me I'm slow.
Tom told me I'm safe.
Tom told me I'm right.
Tom told me I'm quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm pushy.
Tom told me I'm overconfident.
Tom told me I'm last.
Tom told me I'm incompetent.
Tom told me I'm forgiven.
Tom told me I'm first.
Tom told me I'm faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me I'm excused from doing that.
Tom told me I'm difficult to get along with.
Tom told me I'm boring.
Tom told me I'm better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me I'm annoying.
Tom told me I'm always too pessimistic.
Tom told me I wouldn't be able to get permission to do that.
Tom told me I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me I wasn't going to be fired.
Tom told me I was unlikely to get permission to do that.
Tom told me I was thirty minutes late.
Tom told me I was overweight.
Tom told me I was mistaken.
Tom told me I was being too bossy.
Tom told me I was beautiful.
Tom told me I shouldn't trust you.
Tom told me I shouldn't go out at night alone.
Tom told me I shouldn't go out alone at night.
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.
Tom told me I shouldn't eat that.
Tom told me I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me that I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me I shouldn't buy that.
Tom told me I shouldn't be doing this.
Tom told me I should've said yes.
Tom told me that I should study French.
Tom told me I should spend more time with my family.
Tom told me I should spend more time with my children.
Tom told me I should retire.
Tom told me I should resign.
Tom told me I should quit smoking.
Tom told me I should leave early.
Tom told me that I should leave early.
Tom told me I should learn how to play the drums.
Tom told me that I should learn how to play the drums.
Tom told me I should go to Boston with Mary.
Tom told me I should go there by myself.
Tom told me I should go back to Boston.
Tom told me I should get a little sleep.
Tom told me I should eat more slowly.
Tom told me I should eat at that restaurant.
Tom told me I should drop by sometime for a visit.
Tom told me I should do that soon.
Tom told me I should do that as soon as possible.
Tom told me I should do that again.
Tom told me that I should do that again.
Tom told me I should consult a doctor.
Tom told me that I should consult a doctor.
Tom told me I should consider retiring.
Tom told me I should consider resigning.
Tom told me I should come home soon.
Tom told me I should be more careful.
Tom told me I should be finished doing that by next Monday.
Tom told me I needed to go to today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to do that.
Tom told me I needed to be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to be more aggressive.
Tom told me I needed to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to attend today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to go to today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to attend today's meeting.
Tom told me I looked distracted.
Tom told me I looked disorganized.
Tom told me I had to do that.
Tom told me I had no choice but to do what he said I had to do.
Tom told me I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom told me I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
Tom told me I didn't have permission to do that.
Tom told me I could use his room.
Tom told me I could use his computer.
Tom told me I could use his car.
Tom told me I could sleep on his couch.
Tom told me I could keep the book if I wanted it.
Tom told me his father was a teacher.
Tom told me his father was a teacher, too.
Tom told me his father had passed away.
Tom told me his dog died.
Tom told me he's well.
Tom told me he's very hungry.
Tom told me he's upset.
Tom told me he's unimpressed.
Tom told me he's unenthusiastic about that.
Tom told me he's unemployed.
Tom told me he's unconvinced.
Tom told me he's uncertain what he should do.
Tom told me he's unbiased.
Tom told me he's unafraid.
Tom told me he's troubled by what happened.
Tom told me he's tired.
Tom told me he's ticklish.
Tom told me he's through doing that.
Tom told me he's thirsty.
Tom told me he's the next one to do that.
Tom told me he's terrified.
Tom told me he's tempted to do that.
Tom told me he's sympathetic.
Tom told me he's suspicious.
Tom told me he's starved.
Tom told me he's sleepy.
Tom told me he's skeptical.
Tom told me he's shy.
Tom told me he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told me he's scared.
Tom told me he's safe.
Tom told me he's retired.
Tom told me he's reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he's ready.
Tom told me he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's puzzled.
Tom told me he's prepared.
Tom told me he's prepared to do that.
Tom told me he's pleased.
Tom told me he's planning to take Mary out to dinner tonight.
Tom told me he's pessimistic.
Tom told me he's not certain what he should do.
Tom told me he's never coming back here.
Tom told me he's nervous.
Tom told me he's motivated to do that.
Tom told me he's miserable here in Boston without Mary.
Tom told me he's losing weight.
Tom told me he's lonely.
Tom told me he's last.
Tom told me he's just done that.
Tom told me he's jealous.
Tom told me he's irritated.
Tom told me he's intoxicated.
Tom told me he's interested.
Tom told me he's interested in doing that.
Tom told me he's immune to that disease.
Tom told me he's hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he's heartbroken.
Tom told me he's grateful for all our help.
Tom told me he's glad that that's going to happen.
Tom told me he's frightened.
Tom told me he's first.
Tom told me he's fine.
Tom told me he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me he's exhausted.
Tom told me he's done.
Tom told me he's doing that now.
Tom told me he's discouraged.
Tom told me he's determined to do that.
Tom told me he's desperate to do that.
Tom told me he's depressed.
Tom told me he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me he's decided to do that.
Tom told me he's decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me he's decided not to do that.
Tom told me he's curious about why that happened.
Tom told me he's cold.
Tom told me he's broke.
Tom told me he's bored.
Tom told me he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me he's already read that book.
Tom told me he's alone.
Tom told me he's afraid.
Tom told me he's afraid to do that.
Tom told me he's able to speak three languages.
Tom told me he'll join us later.
Tom told me he'll do that the way Mary told him to.
Tom told me he'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom told me he'll be home on Monday.
Tom told me he'll be here early today.
Tom told me he'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom told me he'll be back soon.
Tom told me he'd won.
Tom told me he'd rather not go.
Tom told me he'd never let me down.
Tom told me he'd never had that problem before.
Tom told me that he'd never do that again.
Tom told me he'd lost his watch.
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.
Tom told me he'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me he'd like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me he'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me he'd like to become a doctor.
Tom told me he'd like to become a bus driver.
Tom told me he'd leave soon.
Tom told me that he'd leave soon.
Tom told me he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told me that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told me he'd drive Mary to the airport.
Tom told me he'd done that.
Tom told me that he'd do that.
Tom told me he'd do it tomorrow.
Tom told me he'd decided to quit his job.
Tom told me he'd decided to do that.
Tom told me that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told me he'd cried.
Tom told me he'd come again.
Tom told me that he'd come again.
Tom told me he'd been forgiven.
Tom told me he'd been careless.
Tom told me that he'd been careless.
Tom told me he'd be willing to do that.
Tom told me he'd be supportive.
Tom told me he'd be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom told me he'd be home on Monday.
Tom told me he'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom told me he'd be fair.
Tom told me he'd be discreet.
Tom told me he'd be cooperative.
Tom told me he'd be careful.
Tom told me he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told me that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told me he'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he'd be alone.
Tom told me he'd be absent.
Tom told me he'd already eaten.
Tom told me he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told me that he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to help me wax the floors today.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for three hundred dollars.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to be at the meeting.
Tom told me he would never go back to Boston.
Tom told me he would like me to come over tomorrow afternoon.
Tom told me he would leave soon.
Tom told me he would help us.
Tom told me he would go to Boston in October.
Tom told me he would come again.
Tom told me he won't tell Mary what happened.
Tom told me he won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom told me he wasn't used to speaking in public.
Tom told me he wasn't scared of snakes.
Tom told me he wasn't feeling very good.
Tom told me he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom told me he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
Tom told me he was worried.
Tom told me that he was well.
Tom told me he was wealthy.
Tom told me he was very hungry when he got home.
Tom told me he was unmarried.
Tom told me he was uninsured.
Tom told me he was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he was undecided.
Tom told me he was uncomfortable.
Tom told me that he was unafraid.
Tom told me he was too tired to study.
Tom told me he was through.
Tom told me he was through doing that.
Tom told me he was thrilled.
Tom told me he was the one who needed to do that.
Tom told me he was the one who had to do that.
Tom told me he was the one who did that.
Tom told me he was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he was terrified.
Tom told me he was tense.
Tom told me he was tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he was sympathetic.
Tom told me he was surprised.
Tom told me he was sure that was going to happen.
Tom told me he was stuffed.
Tom told me he was strong.
Tom told me he was strict.
Tom told me he was shy.
Tom told me he was short.
Tom told me he was serious.
Tom told me he was satisfied.
Tom told me he was safe.
Tom told me he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he was relieved.
Tom told me that he was ready to do that.
Tom told me he was quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he was psyched.
Tom told me he was proud of his children's accomplishments.
Tom told me he was proud of his children.
Tom told me he was present at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told me he was positive.
Tom told me he was planning to study abroad.
Tom told me he was planning to quit his job.
Tom told me he was planning to leave his wife.
Tom told me he was planning on leaving his wife.
Tom told me he was overweight.
Tom told me he was offended.
Tom told me he was next.
Tom told me he was never coming back here.
Tom told me that he was never coming back here.
Tom told me he was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he was miserable.
Tom told me he was married.
Tom told me he was lucky.
Tom told me he was lost.
Tom told me he was lazy.
Tom told me he was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he was impressed.
Tom told me he was hot.
Tom told me he was homesick.
Tom told me he was homeless.
Tom told me he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told me that he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told me he was going to marry Mary.
Tom told me he was glad.
Tom told me he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he was full.
Tom told me he was free.
Tom told me he was forgetful.
Tom told me he was flexible.
Tom told me that he was fine.
Tom told me he was famished.
Tom told me he was early.
Tom told me he was doing that now.
Tom told me that he was doing that now.
Tom told me he was dizzy.
Tom told me he was divorced.
Tom told me he was disorganized.
Tom told me he was discontented.
Tom told me he was diabetic.
Tom told me he was determined to do that.
Tom told me he was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he was conservative.
Tom told me he was claustrophobic.
Tom told me he was certain.
Tom told me he was bilingual.
Tom told me he was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he was ambidextrous.
Tom told me he was already married.
Tom told me he was agnostic.
Tom told me he was afraid to do that.
Tom told me that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told me he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me he wants to meet my parents.
Tom told me he wanted to study French.
Tom told me he wanted to stay single.
Tom told me he wanted to meet my parents.
Tom told me that he wanted to meet my parents.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom told me he wanted to buy his mother a pair of slippers.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom told me he wanted me to buy a painting for him.
Tom told me he wanted a dog.
Tom told me he used to be very poor.
Tom told me he thought you could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me he thought that what Mary had done was unethical.
Tom told me he thought my speech was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be upset.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be mad.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be late.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be here later.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be furious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be early.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be curious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be confused.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be busy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be at home.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be angry.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wrong.
Tom told me he thought Mary was worried.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wise.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was upset.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me he thought Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was undependable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ugly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tough.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tired.
Tom told me he thought Mary was through.
Tom told me he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thirty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom told me he thought Mary was terrific.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tense.
Tom told me he thought Mary was talented.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stupid.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strong.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strict.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strange.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stingy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sorry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was slow.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was skinny.
Tom told me he thought Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me he thought Mary was single.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sincere.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought Mary was shy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was short.
Tom told me he thought Mary was serious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was selfish.
Tom told me he thought Mary was scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me he thought Mary was safe.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was right.
Tom told me he thought Mary was rich.
Tom told me he thought Mary was retired.
Tom told me he thought Mary was reliable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ready.
Tom told me he thought Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was pretty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was prepared.
Tom told me he thought Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was poor.
Tom told me he thought Mary was pleased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was overweight.
Tom told me he thought Mary was outside.
Tom told me he thought Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was OK.
Tom told me he thought Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nuts.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nosy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nice.
Tom told me he thought Mary was next.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was miserable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mean.
Tom told me he thought Mary was married.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lucky.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lost.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lazy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was irritated.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interested.
Tom told me he thought Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was insincere.
Tom told me he thought Mary was insane.
Tom told me he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hungry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hot.
Tom told me he thought Mary was honest.
Tom told me he thought Mary was homesick.
Tom told me he thought Mary was homeless.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was here.
Tom told me he thought Mary was healthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was guilty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me he thought Mary was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he thought Mary was furious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was funny.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frustrated.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frightened.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fat.
Tom told me he thought Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me he thought Mary was excited.
Tom told me he thought Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom told me he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me he thought Mary was done.
Tom told me he thought Mary was divorced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was displeased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me he thought Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me he thought Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was desperate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was depressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dependable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was deaf.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cute.
Tom told me he thought Mary was creative.
Tom told me he thought Mary was crazy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was correct.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cool.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conservative.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was confused.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conceited.
Tom told me he thought Mary was competent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cold.
Tom told me he thought Mary was clever.
Tom told me he thought Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was charming.
Tom told me he thought Mary was certain.
Tom told me he thought Mary was busy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was broke.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bossy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was boring.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bored.
Tom told me he thought Mary was blind.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me he thought Mary was biased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me he thought Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me he thought Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was awake.
Tom told me he thought Mary was autistic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was attractive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was asleep.
Tom told me he thought Mary was angry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was alone.
Tom told me he thought Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom told me he thought Mary was adopted.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary looked pale.
Tom told me he thought Mary knew French.
Tom told me he thought Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me he thought Mary had left.
Tom told me he thought Mary had done that.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been rude.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me he thought Mary could swim.
Tom told me he thought Mary could speak French.
Tom told me he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought it would snow all day.
Tom told me that he thought it would snow all day.
Tom told me he thought it would rain all day.
Tom told me he thought I should lose some weight.
Tom told me he thought I should go on a diet.
Tom told me he thought I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought I looked drunk.
Tom told me he thought his house was haunted.
Tom told me he thought he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thought he was losing his sight.
Tom told me he thought he might be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought he had the flu.
Tom told me he thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me he thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me he thinks Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me he thinks Mary is cute.
Tom told me he thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom told me he thinks he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he still had a lot to do.
Tom told me he saw that movie.
Tom told me he saw someone kissing Mary.
Tom told me he saw somebody kissing Mary.
Tom told me he often drinks root beer, but he'd not only never drunk spruce beer, he'd never even heard of it.
Tom told me he often dreams in French.
Tom told me he never uses shampoo.
Tom told me he never thought he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me he needed space.
Tom told me he loved me and I told him I loved him, too.
Tom told me that he loved me and I told him that I loved him, too.
Tom told me he likes you a lot.
Tom told me he likes to swim.
Tom told me he likes swimming.
Tom told me he likes Mary a lot.
Tom told me he liked working with Mary.
Tom told me he liked working in Boston.
Tom told me he just saw Mary.
Tom told me that he just saw Mary.
Tom told me he intended to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom told me he intended to ask Mary to the dance.
Tom told me he hated Christmas.
Tom told me he has quit taking his medication.
Tom told me that he has quit taking his medication.
Tom told me he has no intention of marrying you.
Tom told me he has decided not to do that.
Tom told me he hadn't seen Mary all day.
Tom told me he hadn't done that yet.
Tom told me he had decided to do that.
Tom told me he had been suspended.
Tom told me he had been sick.
Tom told me he had been careless.
Tom told me he had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom told me he had a problem.
Tom told me he had a dream about Mary last night.
Tom told me he grew up in Boston.
Tom told me he got his xylophone for free.
Tom told me he got here early today.
Tom told me he found this in a cave.
Tom told me he forgot where he hid the key.
Tom told me he forgot all about the meeting.
Tom told me he finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he enjoys hanging out with Mary.
Tom told me he enjoyed the drive.
Tom told me he drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom told me he doesn't want to do that again.
Tom told me he doesn't want that.
Tom told me he doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Tom told me he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom told me he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't really care what happens.
Tom told me he doesn't like to study in the morning.
Tom told me he doesn't like Mary.
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
Tom told me he doesn't know what to do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what that is.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he should do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he needs to do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom told me he doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
Tom told me he doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom told me he doesn't have a problem with that.
Tom told me he does thirty push-ups every morning.
Tom told me he does that every Monday.
Tom told me he didn't want to go with us.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that again.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't want to come home empty-handed.
Tom told me he didn't want me to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't want me to do that anymore.
Tom told me he didn't want me to do that again.
Tom told me that he didn't want me to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't see anyone come in.
Tom told me he didn't love Mary anymore.
Tom told me he didn't expect that to happen.
Tom told me he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
Tom told me he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
Tom told me he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom told me he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom told me he could get us what we wanted.
Tom told me he could get us what we needed.
Tom told me that he could get us what we needed.
Tom told me he could get us what we need.
Tom told me that he could do that.
Tom told me he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Tom told me he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told me he could afford another divorce.
Tom told me he can't speak French.
Tom told me he can't eat peanuts.
Tom told me he can't do that.
Tom told me he can see ghosts.
Tom told me he and Mary were still married.
Tom told me he and Mary were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend.
Tom told me he and Mary were going to get married.
Tom told me he and Mary spent their summer vacation at the beach.
Tom told me French isn't very difficult.
Tom told me everything was ready.
Tom told me Boston was his favorite city.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day other than Monday.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day except Monday.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told Mary I'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that I'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary I wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that I wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary I was very hungry.
Tom told Mary that I was very hungry.
Tom told Mary I was upset.
Tom told Mary that I was upset.
Tom told Mary I was unemployed.
Tom told Mary that I was unemployed.
Tom told Mary I was tired.
Tom told Mary that I was tired.
Tom told Mary I was ticklish.
Tom told Mary that I was ticklish.
Tom told Mary I was thirsty.
Tom told Mary that I was thirsty.
Tom told Mary I was suspicious.
Tom told Mary that I was suspicious.
Tom told Mary I was sleepy.
Tom told Mary that I was sleepy.
Tom told Mary I was skeptical.
Tom told Mary that I was skeptical.
Tom told Mary I was shy.
Tom told Mary that I was shy.
Tom told Mary I was scared.
Tom told Mary that I was scared.
Tom told Mary I was retired.
Tom told Mary that I was retired.
Tom told Mary I was reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary I was ready.
Tom told Mary that I was ready.
Tom told Mary I was ready to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was ready to do that.
Tom told Mary I was prepared to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was prepared to do that.
Tom told Mary I was nervous.
Tom told Mary that I was nervous.
Tom told Mary I was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary I was lonely.
Tom told Mary that I was lonely.
Tom told Mary I was interested.
Tom told Mary that I was interested.
Tom told Mary I was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that I was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary I was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary that I was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary I was determined to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was determined to do that.
Tom told Mary I was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary I was broke.
Tom told Mary that I was broke.
Tom told Mary I was always late.
Tom told Mary that I was always late.
Tom told Mary I was afraid.
Tom told Mary that I was afraid.
Tom told Mary I was afraid to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was afraid to do that.
Tom told Mary I was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary that I was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary I could do that.
Tom told Mary that I could do that.
Tom told Mary he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary that he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary that he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary he's decided not to do that.
Tom told Mary that he's decided not to do that.
Tom told Mary he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary he'd quit taking his medication.
Tom told Mary that he'd quit taking his medication.
Tom told Mary he'd never do that again.
Tom told Mary that he'd never do that again.
Tom told Mary he'd never be coming back here.
Tom told Mary that he'd never be coming back here.
Tom told Mary he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary he'd decided to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told Mary he'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary he'd be doing that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he'd be doing that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told Mary that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told Mary he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom told Mary he was well.
Tom told Mary that he was well.
Tom told Mary he was unconvinced.
Tom told Mary that he was unconvinced.
Tom told Mary he was shy.
Tom told Mary that he was shy.
Tom told Mary he was never coming back here.
Tom told Mary that he was never coming back here.
Tom told Mary he was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told Mary that he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told Mary he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary he was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary he was done.
Tom told Mary that he was done.
Tom told Mary he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary he loved her and then hung up the phone.
Tom told Mary that he loved her and then hung up the phone.
Tom told Mary he just saw John.
Tom told Mary that he just saw John.
Tom told Mary that he could do that.
Tom told everyone to remain calm.
Tom told everybody to remain calm.
Tom told everyone to calm down.
Tom told everybody to calm down.
Tom told everyone to be quiet.
Tom told everybody to be quiet.
Tom told everyone that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everybody that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everybody he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everybody he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everybody he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everybody he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was well.
Tom told everybody that he was well.
Tom told everybody he was well.
Tom told everyone that he was very hungry.
Tom told everybody that he was very hungry.
Tom told everybody he was very hungry.
Tom told everyone that he was upset.
Tom told everybody that he was upset.
Tom told everybody he was upset.
Tom told everyone that he was unemployed.
Tom told everybody that he was unemployed.
Tom told everybody he was unemployed.
Tom told everyone that he was unconvinced.
Tom told everybody that he was unconvinced.
Tom told everybody he was unconvinced.
Tom told everyone that he was unafraid.
Tom told everybody that he was unafraid.
Tom told everybody he was unafraid.
Tom told everyone that he was tired.
Tom told everybody that he was tired.
Tom told everybody he was tired.
Tom told everyone that he was ticklish.
Tom told everybody that he was ticklish.
Tom told everybody he was ticklish.
Tom told everyone that he was through doing that.
Tom told everybody that he was through doing that.
Tom told everybody he was through doing that.
Tom told everyone that he was thirsty.
Tom told everybody that he was thirsty.
Tom told everybody he was thirsty.
Tom told everyone that he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everybody he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was sympathetic.
Tom told everybody that he was sympathetic.
Tom told everybody he was sympathetic.
Tom told everyone that he was suspicious.
Tom told everybody that he was suspicious.
Tom told everybody he was suspicious.
Tom told everyone that he was starved.
Tom told everybody that he was starved.
Tom told everybody he was starved.
Tom told everyone that he was sleepy.
Tom told everybody that he was sleepy.
Tom told everybody he was sleepy.
Tom told everyone that he was skeptical.
Tom told everybody that he was skeptical.
Tom told everybody he was skeptical.
Tom told everyone that he was scared.
Tom told everybody that he was scared.
Tom told everybody he was scared.
Tom told everyone that he was safe.
Tom told everybody that he was safe.
Tom told everybody he was safe.
Tom told everyone that he was retired.
Tom told everybody that he was retired.
Tom told everybody he was retired.
Tom told everyone that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everybody he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was ready.
Tom told everybody that he was ready.
Tom told everybody he was ready.
Tom told everyone that he was ready to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was ready to do that.
Tom told everybody he was ready to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was prepared.
Tom told everybody that he was prepared.
Tom told everybody he was prepared.
Tom told everyone that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everybody he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was pleased.
Tom told everybody that he was pleased.
Tom told everybody he was pleased.
Tom told everyone that he was never coming back here.
Tom told everybody that he was never coming back here.
Tom told everybody he was never coming back here.
Tom told everyone that he was nervous.
Tom told everybody that he was nervous.
Tom told everybody he was nervous.
Tom told everyone that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everybody he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was lonely.
Tom told everybody that he was lonely.
Tom told everybody he was lonely.
Tom told everyone that he was jealous.
Tom told everybody that he was jealous.
Tom told everybody he was jealous.
Tom told everyone that he was interested.
Tom told everybody that he was interested.
Tom told everybody he was interested.
Tom told everyone that he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everybody that he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everybody he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everyone that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everybody he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everybody that he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everybody he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everyone that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everybody that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everybody he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone that he was fine.
Tom told everybody that he was fine.
Tom told everybody he was fine.
Tom told everyone that he was exhausted.
Tom told everybody that he was exhausted.
Tom told everybody he was exhausted.
Tom told everyone that he was done.
Tom told everybody that he was done.
Tom told everybody he was done.
Tom told everyone that he was discouraged.
Tom told everybody that he was discouraged.
Tom told everybody he was discouraged.
Tom told everyone that he was determined to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was determined to do that.
Tom told everybody he was determined to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everybody he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was depressed.
Tom told everybody that he was depressed.
Tom told everybody he was depressed.
Tom told everyone that he was cold.
Tom told everybody that he was cold.
Tom told everybody he was cold.
Tom told everyone that he was broke.
Tom told everybody that he was broke.
Tom told everybody he was broke.
Tom told everyone that he was bored.
Tom told everybody that he was bored.
Tom told everybody he was bored.
Tom told everyone that he was afraid.
Tom told everybody that he was afraid.
Tom told everybody he was afraid.
Tom told everyone that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everybody he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everybody that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everybody he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everyone he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everyone he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everyone he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everyone he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everyone he was well.
Tom told everyone he was very hungry.
Tom told everyone he was upset.
Tom told everyone he was unemployed.
Tom told everyone he was unconvinced.
Tom told everyone he was unafraid.
Tom told everyone he was tired.
Tom told everyone he was ticklish.
Tom told everyone he was through doing that.
Tom told everyone he was thirsty.
Tom told everyone he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everyone he was sympathetic.
Tom told everyone he was suspicious.
Tom told everyone he was starved.
Tom told everyone he was sleepy.
Tom told everyone he was skeptical.
Tom told everyone he was scared.
Tom told everyone he was safe.
Tom told everyone he was retired.
Tom told everyone he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everyone he was ready.
Tom told everyone he was ready to do that.
Tom told everyone he was prepared.
Tom told everyone he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everyone he was pleased.
Tom told everyone he was never coming back here.
Tom told everyone he was nervous.
Tom told everyone he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everyone he was lonely.
Tom told everyone he was jealous.
Tom told everyone he was interested.
Tom told everyone he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everyone he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everyone he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everyone he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone he was fine.
Tom told everyone he was exhausted.
Tom told everyone he was done.
Tom told everyone he was discouraged.
Tom told everyone he was determined to do that.
Tom told everyone he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everyone he was depressed.
Tom told everyone he was cold.
Tom told everyone he was broke.
Tom told everyone he was bored.
Tom told everyone he was afraid.
Tom told everyone he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everyone he was able to speak three languages.
Tom thought that Mary was having a good time.
Tom thought it was Mary at the door, but it was someone else.
Tom thought it was Mary at the door, but it was somebody else.
Tom thinks women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks we won't be able to win.
Tom thinks we won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks we can't win.
Tom thinks we can't do that.
Tom thinks we can win.
Tom thinks we can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks we can swim.
Tom thinks we can do that.
Tom thinks wasting food is a sin.
Tom thinks volleyball is more fun than basketball.
Tom thinks the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom thinks that if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everybody else.
Tom thinks sports are a waste of time.
Tom thinks school is a waste of time.
Tom thinks nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom thinks Mary's work is easy.
Tom thinks Mary won't say yes.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
Tom thinks Mary will leave.
Tom thinks Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom thinks Mary wears too much makeup.
Tom thinks Mary might win.
Tom thinks Mary might leave him.
Tom thinks Mary might do that.
Tom thinks Mary may win.
Tom thinks Mary may do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary is the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than me.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than I am.
Tom thinks Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks that Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is in love.
Tom thinks that Mary is in love.
Tom thinks Mary is happy.
Tom thinks that Mary is happy.
Tom thinks Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks that Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks that Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks Mary is funny.
Tom thinks that Mary is funny.
Tom thinks Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks that Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks Mary has a crush on him.
Tom thinks Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks it's going to rain.
Tom thinks if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom thinks if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom thinks if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks I need to sleep more.
Tom thinks I don't know what he said.
Tom thinks I don't know what he did.
Tom thinks I did that on purpose.
Tom thinks his life is boring.
Tom thinks he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks that he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks that he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks he's just a friend.
Tom thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks he's different from other people.
Tom thinks he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks he's always right.
Tom thinks he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks that he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks that he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks that he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks gambling is wrong.
Tom thinks everything will turn out OK.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that is a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that is a bad idea.
Tom thinks all Asians look the same.
Tom sure was mad.
Tom sure was angry.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everyone to hear.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everybody to hear.
Tom sent a text message to Mary.
Tom says you've never done that.
Tom says that you've never done that.
Tom says you've never been arrested.
Tom says that you've never been arrested.
Tom says you're willing to help.
Tom says that you're willing to help.
Tom says you're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says that you're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says you're willing to do that for us.
Tom says that you're willing to do that for us.
Tom says you're very rich.
Tom says that you're very rich.
Tom says you're still hungry.
Tom says that you're still hungry.
Tom says you're lonely.
Tom says that you're lonely.
Tom says you're hungry.
Tom says that you're hungry.
Tom says you're healthy.
Tom says that you're healthy.
Tom says you're good at doing that.
Tom says that you're good at doing that.
Tom says you're good at cooking.
Tom says that you're good at cooking.
Tom says you're a good student.
Tom says that you're a good student.
Tom says you deserve a chance.
Tom says when he did that, Mary started crying.
Tom says we should do that today.
Tom says the two of us should travel together.
Tom says the two of us should sing together.
Tom says the two of us should do that together.
Tom says the three of you are his brothers.
Tom says the noise bothers him.
Tom says that he can't wait any longer.
Tom says someday he'll do that.
Tom says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary.
Tom says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary does.
Tom says someday he'll be able to do that.
Tom says my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
Tom says more research needs to be done.
Tom says Mary would like to do that.
Tom says Mary won't win.
Tom says Mary won't do that.
Tom says Mary won.
Tom says Mary will eat lunch with John and Alice.
Tom says Mary will do that today.
Tom says Mary wants to eat at that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom says Mary thinks she can win.
Tom says that Mary thinks she can win.
Tom says Mary speaks French.
Tom says Mary lies a lot.
Tom says Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom says that Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom says Mary knows what he's doing.
Tom says that Mary knows what he's doing.
Tom says Mary isn't very good at doing that.
Tom says Mary isn't very good at cooking.
Tom says Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Tom says that Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Tom says Mary isn't happy here.
Tom says Mary isn't good at doing that.
Tom says Mary is willing to help.
Tom says that Mary is willing to help.
Tom says Mary is willing to help us do that.
Tom says that Mary is willing to help us do that.
Tom says Mary is willing to do that for us.
Tom says that Mary is willing to do that for us.
Tom says Mary is very rich.
Tom says that Mary is very rich.
Tom says Mary is very busy.
Tom says that Mary is very busy.
Tom says that Mary is tired.
Tom says Mary is still hungry.
Tom says that Mary is still hungry.
Tom says Mary is lonely.
Tom says that Mary is lonely.
Tom says Mary is innocent.
Tom says that Mary is hungry.
Tom says Mary is healthy.
Tom says that Mary is healthy.
Tom says that Mary is happy.
Tom says Mary is good at doing that.
Tom says Mary is good at cooking.
Tom says that Mary is busy.
Tom says Mary is a good student.
Tom says that Mary is a good student.
Tom says Mary intends to do that.
Tom says Mary has never done that.
Tom says that Mary has never done that.
Tom says Mary has never been arrested.
Tom says that Mary has never been arrested.
Tom says Mary has just eaten.
Tom says that Mary has just eaten.
Tom says Mary does that.
Tom says Mary did that.
Tom says Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Tom says Mary cries all the time.
Tom says Mary can go, but that he can't.
Tom says Mary agreed to do that.
Tom says learning a foreign language is hard.
Tom says it'll never happen.
Tom says that it'll never happen.
Tom says I'm annoying.
Tom says I'm a grouch.
Tom says I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom says I always talk about myself.
Tom says he's willing to make you one for free.
Tom says he's willing to help.
Tom says he's willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says he's willing to do that for free.
Tom says he's willing to do it for free.
Tom says he's too tired to study.
Tom says he's too busy to help Mary today.
Tom says he's never tried eating dog food.
Tom says he's never lied to Mary.
Tom says he's never been in Mary's car.
Tom says that he's never been in Mary's car.
Tom says he's met you.
Tom says he's met you several times.
Tom says he's looking forward to seeing you.
Tom says that he's looking forward to seeing you.
Tom says he's lonely.
Tom says he's hoping you can do that.
Tom says that he's hoping you can do that.
Tom says he's hoping we can all go swimming tomorrow.
Tom says that he's hoping we can all go swimming tomorrow.
Tom says he's hoping Mary can do that.
Tom says that he's hoping Mary can do that.
Tom says he's healthy.
Tom says he's good at doing that.
Tom says he's going to read the report this afternoon.
Tom says he's already talked to you about that matter.
Tom says he's able to communicate with the dead.
Tom says he's a good student.
Tom says he'll teach French to my kids.
Tom says he'll study French with Mary this evening.
Tom says he'll pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom says he'll never come back here.
Tom says he'll do that someday.
Tom says he'll come tomorrow, but I doubt that he'll actually show up.
Tom says he'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Tom says he'll agree to do that.
Tom says he'd like to do that with you.
Tom says he'd like to do that this evening.
Tom says he'd like to come over this afternoon.
Tom says he'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom says he won't shake hands with Mary.
Tom says he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
Tom says he wasn't the one who broke the window.
Tom says he wasn't surprised at all.
Tom says he was in Boston that night.
Tom says he was here in Boston that night.
Tom says he wants to win.
Tom says he wants to settle down.
Tom says he wants to do that as well.
Tom says he wants to come with us.
Tom says he wants to buy a new computer.
Tom says that he wants to buy a new computer.
Tom says he wants to be buried here.
Tom says he wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom says he usually makes three hundred dollars per hour.
Tom says he usually makes three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom says he usually has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he usually has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he used to hang out with the Beatles.
Tom says he teaches French.
Tom says he studies French.
Tom says he plans to win.
Tom says he plans to take pictures.
Tom says he plans to stay in Boston as long as he can.
Tom says he plans to major in chemistry.
Tom says that he plans to major in chemistry.
Tom says he plans to major in biology.
Tom says that he plans to major in biology.
Tom says he plans on taking pictures.
Tom says he plans on staying in Boston as long as he can.
Tom says he only swears when it is absolutely necessary.
Tom says he only eats organic food.
Tom says he never refuses a reasonable request.
Tom says he never locks his door.
Tom says he never dreams.
Tom says he needs to do that, too.
Tom says he needs to do that as well.
Tom says he needs a better tennis racket.
Tom says he loves Mary.
Tom says he likes marigolds.
Tom says he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom says that he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom says he knows nothing about Mary.
Tom says he just wants to make Mary happy.
Tom says he intends to win.
Tom says he hates to study.
Tom says he hasn't yet had time to read the report.
Tom says he hasn't made up his mind yet.
Tom says he has to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom says he has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he has to go to Boston next week.
Tom says that he has to do that.
Tom says he has to do that, too.
Tom says he has to do that as well.
Tom says he has to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Tom says he has something important to tell you.
Tom says that he has something important to tell you.
Tom says he has no trouble understanding Mary's French.
Tom says he has a secret weapon.
Tom says he doesn't want to eat anything.
Tom says he doesn't remember having made such a promise.
Tom says he doesn't like children.
Tom says he doesn't know a lot about Mary.
Tom says that he doesn't know a lot about Mary.
Tom says he doesn't feel like jogging.
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.
Tom says he doesn't feel like drinking beer tonight.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that because it's hot.
Tom says he doesn't blame us.
Tom says he does that several times a week.
Tom says he does that a lot.
Tom says he didn't study at all for the test.
Tom says he can't sing well.
Tom says he can't remember anything that happened on the day of the accident.
Tom says he can't help.
Tom says he can't eat any more.
Tom says he can't believe anything Mary says.
Tom says he can swim well.
Tom says he can see ghosts.
Tom says he can drink a whole bottle of whiskey without getting drunk.
Tom says he can be here by 2:30.
Tom says he believes everything I say.
Tom says he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom says he and Mary have played chess together many times.
Tom says he and Mary didn't stay in Boston very long.
Tom says he and Mary are moving to Boston.
Tom says he always feels tense when Mary is in the room.
Tom says he always enjoys playing cards with Mary.
Tom says he also wants to do that.
Tom says he also needs to do that.
Tom says he also has to do that.
Tom says he agrees with Mary.
Tom says ghosts aren't real.
Tom says anyone can be hypnotized.
Tom said you'd just eaten.
Tom said that you'd just eaten.
Tom said you could have this if you wanted it.
Tom said that you could have this if you wanted it.
Tom said that he's glad you're back.
Tom said that he's glad that you're back.
Tom said that he's glad that nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad that no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to help you.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to help you.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to help you do that.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to help you do that.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to do that.
Tom said that he'd assumed Mary would win.
Tom said that he'd assumed that Mary would win.
Tom said that he'd assumed Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd also help me do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that, too.
Tom said that he'd also help Mary.
Tom said that he'd help Mary, too.
Tom said that he'd also help Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd help Mary do that, too.
Tom said that he'd also do that.
Tom said that he'd do that, too.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished you would do that.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that.
Tom said that he wished you would do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wished you would do that for him.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that for him.
Tom said that he wished you knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that you knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished you could do that.
Tom said that he wished that you could do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished Mary would win.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would win.
Tom said that he wished Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said that he wished Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished I was more like Mary.
Tom said that he wished that I was more like Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said that he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said that he wished he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished that he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished he'd given flowers to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd eaten more.
Tom said that he wished that he'd eaten more.
Tom said that he wished he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said that he wished that he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said that he wished he were rich.
Tom said that he wished that he were rich.
Tom said that he wished he were here with us.
Tom said that he wished that he were here with us.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone there.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone there.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been there.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been there.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been late.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been late.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he could speak French better.
Tom said that he wished that he could speak French better.
Tom said that he wished he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he could do that.
Tom said that he wished that he could do that.
Tom said that he wished he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he was planning to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he was planning on staying at home all day.
Tom said that he was hoping you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping that you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping you would do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that you would do that.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that with Mary.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that with him.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that with him.
Tom said that he was hoping we'd do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that we'd do that.
Tom said that he was hoping we could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was hoping he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he was hoping that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was glad you did that for Mary.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said that he was glad you did that for him.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that for him.
Tom said that he wanted to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to know why you aren't working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom said that he wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought you would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought you would do that.
Tom said that he thought that you would do that.
Tom said that he thought you should do that.
Tom said that he thought that you should do that.
Tom said that he thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom said that he thought that you could take care of yourself.
Tom said that he thought you could help us today.
Tom said that he thought that you could help us today.
Tom said that he thought you could do that.
Tom said that he thought that you could do that.
Tom said that he thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he thought we could win.
Tom said that he thought that we could win.
Tom said that he thought we could do that.
Tom said that he thought that we could do that.
Tom said that he thought those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said that he thought that those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought that there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought the statue weighed about pounds.
Tom said that he thought that the statue weighed about pounds.
Tom said that he thought the room was too small.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too small.
Tom said that he thought the room was too hot.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too hot.
Tom said that he thought the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought my jokes were funny.
Tom said that he thought that my jokes were funny.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said that he thought Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely not win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely not win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be shy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be shy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be ready.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be lonely.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be in her office.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be here.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be depressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be cold.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be cold.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't here.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary was worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary was upset.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was too slow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was too slow.
Tom said that he thought Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said that he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom said that he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was still awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary was scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary was right.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was right.
Tom said that he thought Mary was ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was pretty.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was outside.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom said that he thought Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said that he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that he thought Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mad at him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was mad at him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom said that he thought Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in the library.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in the library.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in danger.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in danger.
Tom said that he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was here.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was happy here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was happy here.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom said that he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom said that he thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom said that he thought Mary was busy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was broke.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom said that he thought Mary was bored.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom said that he thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom said that he thought Mary was awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary was at school.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was at school.
Tom said that he thought Mary was at home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was at home.
Tom said that he thought Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary was angry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said that he thought Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought Mary was alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary understood French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary understood French.
Tom said that he thought Mary taught French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary taught French.
Tom said that he thought Mary spoke French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary spoke French.
Tom said that he thought Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might help us today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might help us today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be frightened.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be frightened.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be able win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be able win.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked confused.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked confused.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said that he thought Mary hated John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hated John.
Tom said that he thought Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom said that he thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had already done that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said that he thought that Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said that he thought Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said that he thought that Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't like John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary didn't like John.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said that he thought that Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said that he thought Mary despised John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary despised John.
Tom said that he thought Mary could win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could win.
Tom said that he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said that he thought John was Mary's son.
Tom said that he thought that John was Mary's son.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought it would probably snow.
Tom said that he thought that it would probably snow.
Tom said that he thought it would likely snow.
Tom said that he thought that it would likely snow.
Tom said that he thought it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said that he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said that he thought that it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said that he thought it was time for him to retire.
Tom said that he thought that it was time for him to retire.
Tom said that he thought it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said that he thought that it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said that he thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said that he thought I'd already done that.
Tom said that he thought that I'd already done that.
Tom said that he thought I was very annoying.
Tom said that he thought that I was very annoying.
Tom said that he thought I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought that I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was handsome.
Tom said that he thought that I was handsome.
Tom said that he thought I should get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought that I should get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought I should buy a new car.
Tom said that he thought that I should buy a new car.
Tom said that he thought I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought that I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought I might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not win.
Tom said that he thought that I might not win.
Tom said that he thought I might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I looked lonely.
Tom said that he thought that I looked lonely.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was tired.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was tired.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said that he thought I looked hungry.
Tom said that he thought that I looked hungry.
Tom said that he thought that I looked happy.
Tom said that he thought I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought that I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought he'd find another job.
Tom said that he thought that he'd find another job.
Tom said that he thought he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said that he thought he'd be arrested.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be arrested.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was going to win.
Tom said that he thought that he was going to win.
Tom said that he thought he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he thought that he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he thought he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he should study French.
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.
Tom said that he thought he should learn how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he should learn how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he should help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he should help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he should do that.
Tom said that he thought that he should do that.
Tom said that he thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he thought that he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he thought he ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought he needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that here.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that here.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought that he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought he knew what to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what had to be done.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what had to be done.
Tom said that he thought he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said that he thought he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said that he thought that he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said that he thought he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said that he thought that he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said that he thought he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said that he thought that he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said that he thought he had to study French.
Tom said that he thought that he had to study French.
Tom said that he thought he had to speak French.
Tom said that he thought that he had to speak French.
Tom said that he thought he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he couldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that he couldn't win.
Tom said that he thought he couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he could take care of himself.
Tom said that he thought that he could take care of himself.
Tom said that he thought he could impress Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he could impress Mary.
Tom said that he thought he could help us.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us.
Tom said that he thought he could help us today.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us today.
Tom said that he thought he could help us do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us do that.
Tom said that he thought he could help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he could help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought he could do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that.
Tom said that he thought he could do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that today.
Tom said that he thought he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he could do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said that he thought that he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be OK.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be OK.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said that he thinks there's no life on Mars.
Tom said that he thinks that there's no life on Mars.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't going to win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't going to win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he thinks I'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thinks that I'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thinks his team will win.
Tom said that he thinks that his team will win.
Tom said that he thinks his team will probably win.
Tom said that he thinks that his team will probably win.
Tom said that he thinks his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said that he thinks that his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said that he thinks he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he thinks that he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he thinks he sprained his ankle.
Tom said that he thinks that he sprained his ankle.
Tom said that he thinks he can take care of himself.
Tom said that he thinks that he can take care of himself.
Tom said that he thinks he can do that.
Tom said that he thinks that he can do that.
Tom said that he sold Mary his car.
Tom said that he sold his car to Mary.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew you couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that you couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew you could do that.
Tom said that he knew that you could do that.
Tom said that he knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew this day would come.
Tom said that he knew that this day would come.
Tom said that he knew they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said that he knew they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary would win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would win.
Tom said that he knew Mary would win the race.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would win the race.
Tom said that he knew Mary would do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he knew Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he knew Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary should do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary could win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary could win.
Tom said that he knew Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he knew that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he knew it was time to leave.
Tom said that he knew that it was time to leave.
Tom said that he knew it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew that it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he knew I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said that he knew that I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said that he knew I might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew I might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he knew he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew he might not be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be able to win.
Tom said that he knew he might not be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he could do that.
Tom said that he knew that he could do that.
Tom said that he is glad that you're back.
Tom said he's glad you're back.
Tom said he's glad that you're back.
Tom said that he hopes you're able to win.
Tom said that he hopes that you're able to win.
Tom said that he hopes you're able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you're able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes you won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes you won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said that he hopes you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try your best to win.
Tom said that he hopes that you try your best to win.
Tom said that he hopes you try your best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try your best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try doing that.
Tom said that he hopes you like to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you like to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you like doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that you like doing that.
Tom said that he hopes you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries doing that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary likes to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary likes doing that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary is able to win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary is able to win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary is able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would come to his party.
Tom said he hoped Mary would come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that right away.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that right away.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he hoped Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he hoped he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said that he hoped that he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said that he hoped he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped that he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped he never needed to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped that he never needed to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom said that he hoped that he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom said that he hoped he got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped that he got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could win the race.
Tom said that he hoped that he could win the race.
Tom said that he hoped he could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could do that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet seen that video.
Tom said that he hasn't seen that video yet.
Tom said that he hasn't yet done that.
Tom said that he hasn't done that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what he'll do.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what he'll do yet.
Tom said that he figured Mary could win.
Tom said that he figured that Mary could win.
Tom said that he figured Mary could do that.
Tom said that he figured that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he figured I could do that.
Tom said that he figured that I could do that.
Tom said that he figured he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he figured that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he figured he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he figured that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he figured he could do that.
Tom said that he figured that he could do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you need to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you need to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you have to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you have to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can win.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you can win.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary still does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary still does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that very often.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it's necessary to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it would be wise to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think we should be doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that we should be doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would win.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would win.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let you do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let me do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let me do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let John drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let John do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let him do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would cry.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would cry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was busy.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary should've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary liked to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary liked doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had ever done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had ever done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that very often.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that very often.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could win.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could win.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could swim.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could swim.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was possible.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was possible.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think I should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that I should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that I had the guts to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd win.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd win.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he was very good at French.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was very good at French.
Tom said that he didn't think he was ready to become a father.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was ready to become a father.
Tom said that he didn't think he was good enough for you.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was good enough for you.
Tom said that he didn't think he was good enough for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was good enough for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think he should say anything.
Tom said that he didn't think that he should say anything.
Tom said that he didn't think he ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he had enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he had any chance of winning.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had any chance of winning.
Tom said that he didn't think he could win.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could win.
Tom said that he didn't think he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he didn't think he could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said that he didn't think he could ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that now.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that now.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would make any difference.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would be much fun.
Tom said that he didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom said that he didn't see anybody in the park.
Tom said that he didn't see anyone in the park.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe you'd do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you'd do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe you really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary could do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom said that he believed he could win.
Tom said that he believed that he could win.
Tom said that he believed he could do that.
Tom said that he believed that he could do that.
Tom said that he assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he assumed you would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed you would do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you would do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he assumed Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary would do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he already did that.
Tom said that he did that already.
Tom said Mary would win and she did.
Tom said that Mary would win and she did.
Tom said Mary would help.
Tom said that Mary would help.
Tom said Mary went to Boston.
Tom said that Mary went to Boston.
Tom said Mary told him not to do that.
Tom said that Mary told him not to do that.
Tom said Mary told him never to do that.
Tom said that Mary told him never to do that.
Tom said Mary told him never to do that again.
Tom said that Mary told him never to do that again.
Tom said Mary thinks she can win.
Tom said that Mary thinks she can win.
Tom said Mary is the best swimmer he's ever swum with.
Tom said that Mary is the best swimmer he's ever swum with.
Tom said Mary is the best singer he's ever sung with.
Tom said that Mary is the best singer he's ever sung with.
Tom said Mary is the best French teacher he's ever had.
Tom said that Mary is the best French teacher he's ever had.
Tom said Mary is the best French teacher he knows.
Tom said that Mary is the best French teacher he knows.
Tom said Mary is the best dancer he's ever danced with.
Tom said that Mary is the best dancer he's ever danced with.
Tom said Mary is the best cook he knows.
Tom said that Mary is the best cook he knows.
Tom said Mary is sure she won't do that.
Tom said that Mary is sure she won't do that.
Tom said Mary is supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary is supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary is now living in Boston.
Tom said that Mary is now living in Boston.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to seeing you.
Tom said that Mary is looking forward to seeing you.
Tom said Mary had gone to Boston.
Tom said that Mary had gone to Boston.
Tom said Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom said Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom said that Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom said Mary agreed.
Tom said that Mary agreed.
Tom said his parents told him not to do that.
Tom said that his parents told him not to do that.
Tom said his father worked in Boston.
Tom said that his father worked in Boston.
Tom said his father was a coal miner.
Tom said that his father was a coal miner.
Tom said his father used to be a truck driver.
Tom said that his father used to be a truck driver.
Tom said that he's tried doing that three times.
Tom said he's sure Mary won't win.
Tom said that he's sure Mary won't win.
Tom said he's sure Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he's sure Mary won't do that.
Tom said he's never been arrested.
Tom said that he's never been arrested.
Tom said he's glad that nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad that no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to help you.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to help you do that.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to do that.
Tom said he's glad nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad he was able to help you.
Tom said he's glad he was able to help you do that.
Tom said he's done that many times.
Tom said that he's done that many times.
Tom said he's discussed that with Mary.
Tom said that he's discussed that with Mary.
Tom said that he'll win.
Tom said that he'll wait.
Tom said that he'll visit Boston.
Tom said that he'll try to win.
Tom said that he'll try to do that.
Tom said that he'll try to do that for me.
Tom said that he'll try to buy everything we need.
Tom said that he'll talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'll take what he can get.
Tom said that he'll stay where he is until 2:30.
Tom said that he'll sing.
Tom said that he'll quit doing that.
Tom said that he'll probably win.
Tom said that he'll probably go shopping with Mary on Monday.
Tom said that he'll probably do that.
Tom said that he'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said that he'll pick you up from practice tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll never quit doing that.
Tom said that he'll never do that.
Tom said that he'll look after me.
Tom said that he'll leave soon.
Tom said that he'll help us.
Tom said that he'll help us if we want him to.
Tom said that he'll help us do that.
Tom said that he'll help us any way he can.
Tom said he'll help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'll help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'll help me get what I need.
Tom said that he'll help me get everything I need.
Tom said that he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom said that he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing what he's doing.
Tom said that he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing that.
Tom said that he'll get it done before Monday.
Tom said that he'll do that.
Tom said that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll do that soon.
Tom said that he'll do that later.
Tom said that he'll do that in a couple of days.
Tom said that he'll do that for you.
Tom said that he'll do that for you if you ask him to.
Tom said that he'll do that for us.
Tom said that he'll do that for us if we ask him to.
Tom said that he'll do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'll do that for Mary this time.
Tom said that he'll do that as soon as he can.
Tom said that he'll check into it.
Tom said that he'll call you later.
Tom said that he'll buy that for you.
Tom said that he'll be turning thirty soon.
Tom said that he'll be there.
Tom said that he'll be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'll be on vacation next week.
Tom said that he'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Tom said that he'll be in his office all morning.
Tom said that he'll be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he'll be doing that soon.
Tom said that he'll be doing that on his own.
Tom said that he'll be doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'll be doing that alone.
Tom said that he'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd win and he did.
Tom said that he'd wash the dishes, so you don't have to.
Tom said that he'd walk the dog this morning, but he didn't.
Tom said that he'd walk Mary home.
Tom said that he'd wait for us.
Tom said that he'd wait for Mary until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd wait and see.
Tom said that he'd vote for Mary.
Tom said he'd visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Tom said that he'd visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Tom said he'd visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd very unlikely do that.
Tom said that he'd unlikely do that.
Tom said he'd try.
Tom said that he'd try.
Tom said that he'd try to win.
Tom said he'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom said that he'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom said that he'd try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he'd try to do that.
Tom said that he'd try to do that today.
Tom said that he'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again on Monday.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again later.
Tom said that he'd try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd try doing that.
Tom said that he'd try doing that today.
Tom said that he'd try doing that this weekend.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again on Monday.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again later.
Tom said that he'd try again.
Tom said that he'd think it over and give us his answer tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd think about my suggestion.
Tom said that he'd think about it.
Tom said that he'd think about doing that.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary about what needed to be done.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary about what needed to be done.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary about that.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary about that.
Tom said he'd take care of Mary.
Tom said that he'd take care of Mary.
Tom said that he'd take care of it.
Tom said that he'd stopped doing that.
Tom said that he'd still like to do that.
Tom said that he'd stay there till 2:30.
Tom said that he'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Tom said that he'd sort it out.
Tom said that he'd sign the contract.
Tom said that he'd see what he could do.
Tom said that he'd see what could be done.
Tom said that he'd see me tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd retire this year.
Tom said that he'd rather you didn't do that.
Tom said that he'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom said that he'd rather not swim.
Tom said that he'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Tom said that he'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Tom said that he'd rather not speak French.
Tom said that he'd rather not see that movie.
Tom said that he'd rather not go with us.
Tom said that he'd rather not go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he'd rather not go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he'd rather not go home.
Tom said that he'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Tom said that he'd rather not eat right now.
Tom said that he'd rather not eat now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that today.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that right now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that here.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that again.
Tom said that he'd rather not ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd rather go home.
Tom said that he'd rather do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd rather do that some other time.
Tom said that he'd rather do that next week.
Tom said that he'd rather do that himself.
Tom said that he'd rather do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd rather do that alone.
Tom said that he'd rather die than do that.
Tom said that he'd rather come next week.
Tom said that he'd quit doing that.
Tom said that he'd probably win.
Tom said that he'd probably go shopping with Mary on Monday.
Tom said that he'd probably do that.
Tom said that he'd probably do that today.
Tom said that he'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said that he'd prefer to stay at home.
Tom said that he'd prefer that you not do that here.
Tom said that he'd prefer that Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that here.
Tom said that he'd play tennis with us.
Tom said that he'd pick me up at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd pay for the dinner.
Tom said that he'd pay for everything.
Tom said that he'd overstayed his visa.
Tom said that he'd only talk to you.
Tom said he'd only talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'd only talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd only stay for a few hours.
Tom said that he'd only stay for a few hours.
Tom said that he'd only be gone for a few days.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that on his own.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that at home.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd never tried water skiing.
Tom said that he'd never testify against Mary.
Tom said that he'd never tell Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never teach French.
Tom said that he'd never study French.
Tom said that he'd never speak to me again.
Tom said that he'd never seen it.
Tom said he'd never seen anything like that before.
Tom said that he'd never seen anything like that before.
Tom said that he'd never see me again.
Tom said that he'd never planned to stay that long.
Tom said that he'd never planned on staying that long.
Tom said that he'd never permit you to do that.
Tom said that he'd never permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never let you drive.
Tom said that he'd never let you do that.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary win.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary drive.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd never leave me.
Tom said that he'd never leave his wife.
Tom said that he'd never leave early.
Tom said he'd never hurt anyone.
Tom said that he'd never hurt anyone.
Tom said he'd never hurt anybody.
Tom said that he'd never hurt anybody.
Tom said that he'd never heard of me.
Tom said that he'd never go to that restaurant again.
Tom said that he'd never go back to Boston.
Tom said that he'd never ever do that.
Tom said that he'd never ever do that again.
Tom said that he'd never done that before.
Tom said that he'd never do that.
Tom said that he'd never do that with Mary.
Tom said that he'd never do that to Mary.
Tom said that he'd never do that again.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that alone.
Tom said he'd never come back here.
Tom said that he'd never come back here.
Tom said he'd never come back here again.
Tom said that he'd never come back here again.
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.
Tom said that he'd never been there before.
Tom said that he'd never been in a motorboat.
Tom said that he'd never ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never allow you to do that.
Tom said that he'd never allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never agree to do that.
Tom said that he'd meet us in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd love to help.
Tom said that he'd love to go with us.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Tom said that he'd look into it.
Tom said that he'd look at it.
Tom said that he'd likely win.
Tom said that he'd likely not do that.
Tom said that he'd likely do that.
Tom said that he'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom said that he'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom said that he'd like you to do that now.
Tom said that he'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd like to talk to you.
Tom said that he'd like to spend his next holiday hiking and camping.
Tom said that he'd like to see more.
Tom said that he'd like to live in Boston.
Tom said that he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom said that he'd like to know why you did that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary did that.
Tom said that he'd like to keep working here.
Tom said that he'd like to help.
Tom said that he'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom said that he'd like to hang out with us.
Tom said that he'd like to go with us.
Tom said that he'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom said that he'd like to eat now.
Tom said that he'd like to do that now.
Tom said that he'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd like to continue working here.
Tom said that he'd like to borrow a few books.
Tom said that he'd let me know if anything happened.
Tom said he'd lend me some money.
Tom said that he'd lend me some money.
Tom said that he'd leave.
Tom said he'd leave at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd leave at 2:30.
Tom said he'd help.
Tom said that he'd help you do that, too.
Tom said that he'd help you do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help us.
Tom said he'd help us load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help us load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help us if we want him to.
Tom said that he'd help us do that.
Tom said that he'd help us any way he can.
Tom said that he'd help me load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help me if I wanted him to.
Tom said he'd help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me get what I need.
Tom said he'd help me find what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me find what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me find what I need.
Tom said that he'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Tom said that he'd help me figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do what I needed to do.
Tom said he'd help me do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd help me do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help Mary.
Tom said that he'd help Mary with her plan.
Tom said that he'd help Mary do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help Mary as well.
Tom said that he'd help load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd have to reschedule.
Tom said that he'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tom said that he'd go to church.
Tom said that he'd go back home soon.
Tom said that he'd give me the details later.
Tom said that he'd give me a massage.
Tom said that he'd get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd found something.
Tom said that he'd fly to Boston.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that alone.
Tom said that he'd fill out the application form for me.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to win.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to participate.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to help him.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to go yesterday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said that he'd eat fruit.
Tom said he'd draw a map for Mary if necessary.
Tom said that he'd draw a map for Mary if necessary.
Tom said that he'd do that, so you don't have to.
Tom said that he'd do that, but he hasn't yet.
Tom said that he'd do that soon.
Tom said that he'd do that later.
Tom said that he'd do that in a couple of days.
Tom said that he'd do that if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd do that if I did.
Tom said that he'd do that if I did it, too.
Tom said that he'd do that himself.
Tom said that he'd do that for you.
Tom said that he'd do that for you if you asked him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for us.
Tom said that he'd do that for us if we asked him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for sure.
Tom said that he'd do that for me if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd do that for Mary this time.
Tom said that he'd do that for free.
Tom said that he'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
Tom said that he'd do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd do that as well.
Tom said that he'd do that and he did.
Tom said he'd do that again.
Tom said that he'd do that again.
Tom said that he'd do that again, didn't he?
Tom said that he'd do it later.
Tom said he'd do it himself.
Tom said that he'd do it himself.
Tom said he'd do his homework right after dinner.
Tom said that he'd do his homework right after dinner.
Tom said he'd do his homework by himself.
Tom said that he'd do his homework by himself.
Tom said that he'd do his homework before dinner.
Tom said he'd do anything for you.
Tom said that he'd do anything for you.
Tom said that he'd do anything for Mary.
Tom said that he'd definitely win.
Tom said that he'd definitely do that.
Tom said that he'd definitely do that this week.
Tom said that he'd contact me, but he didn't.
Tom said that he'd consider my idea.
Tom said that he'd consider doing that.
Tom said that he'd complain.
Tom said that he'd come.
Tom said he'd come, but he never showed up.
Tom said that he'd come, but he never showed up.
Tom said he'd come tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd come tomorrow.
Tom said he'd come to the wedding.
Tom said that he'd come to the wedding.
Tom said he'd come over this evening.
Tom said that he'd come over this evening.
Tom said that he'd come every month on the twentieth.
Tom said that he'd come back later.
Tom said that he'd clean up this mess.
Tom said that he'd call you.
Tom said that he'd call tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd call me.
Tom said that he'd call me, but he hasn't yet.
Tom said that he'd call me right back.
Tom said that he'd call me back.
Tom said that he'd call Mary Monday evening.
Tom said he'd call Mary back.
Tom said that he'd call Mary back.
Tom said that he'd call at 2:30.
Tom said he'd buy what was needed.
Tom said that he'd buy what was needed.
Tom said that he'd buy that for you.
Tom said he'd buy something for Mary.
Tom said that he'd buy something for Mary.
Tom said he'd buy something for Mary to eat.
Tom said that he'd buy something for Mary to eat.
Tom said that he'd buy some stamps.
Tom said he'd buy it if I lowered the price to thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd buy it if I lowered the price to thirty dollars.
Tom said he'd buy it if I lowered the price by thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd buy it if I lowered the price by thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd been spending a lot of time with Mary.
Tom said that he'd been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom said that he'd been offered $3,000.
Tom said he'd been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said that he'd been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said that he'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be willing to try something new.
Tom said that he'd be willing to try anything once.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help Mary.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do this.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do the driving.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do the cooking.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for you.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do anything for me.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help us.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that.
Tom said that he'd be thrilled to do that.
Tom said he'd be thirteen next month.
Tom said that he'd be thirteen next month.
Tom said that he'd be there tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he'd be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he'd be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he'd be right over.
Tom said that he'd be right back.
Tom said that he'd be retiring next October.
Tom said he'd be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'd be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'd be ready soon.
Tom said that he'd be leaving soon.
Tom said that he'd be interested in taking over Mary's job when she retires.
Tom said that he'd be in his office all morning.
Tom said that he'd be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be home this evening.
Tom said that he'd be home for dinner.
Tom said that he'd be here.
Tom said that he'd be here, but I can't find him.
Tom said that he'd be here tonight.
Tom said that he'd be here three hours ago, but he still hasn't gotten here.
Tom said that he'd be here in a few minutes.
Tom said that he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be happy to help.
Tom said that he'd be happy to do that.
Tom said that he'd be happy to answer our questions.
Tom said he'd be happy to answer any questions we had.
Tom said that he'd be happy to answer any questions we had.
Tom said he'd be going to Boston on business next month.
Tom said that he'd be going to Boston on business next month.
Tom said that he'd be going by train.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston right after the game.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston right after the concert.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be glad to help.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom said that he'd be embarrassed to do that.
Tom said that he'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Tom said he'd be driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be doing that soon.
Tom said that he'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom said that he'd be coming back.
Tom said that he'd be busy until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back.
Tom said that he'd be back the Monday after next.
Tom said that he'd be back right away.
Tom said that he'd be back on October 20th.
Tom said that he'd be back on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back next Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back in October.
Tom said that he'd be back before the end of the week.
Tom said that he'd be back before 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he'd be at the meeting.
Tom said that he'd be at school today.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom said he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that if Mary helped him.
Tom said that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he'd assumed that Mary would win.
Tom said he'd assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that for you.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to buy that for you.
Tom said he'd ask Mary if she wanted him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary if she wanted him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you could do that for him.
Tom said that he'd also help you do that.
Tom said that he'd almost given up.
Tom said that he writes his own speeches.
Tom said that he wouldn't win.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't walk home today.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't stay here with me.
Tom said that he wouldn't speak French.
Tom said that he wouldn't show me how to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't say anything.
Tom said that he wouldn't recommend doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't play tennis today.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that here.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't let that happen again.
Tom said that he wouldn't let it happen again.
Tom said that he wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't help, but Mary said she would.
Tom said that he wouldn't help me.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't have to do that alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't have to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't have gone to Mary's party even if she'd invited him.
Tom said that he wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't have done that if he'd thought it wasn't necessary.
Tom said that he wouldn't go to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't forget that night.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't eat at that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't dream of letting Mary do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't dream of allowing Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that, so I asked Mary to.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that until Monday.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that unless I helped him.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that again, but he did.
Tom said that he wouldn't do it.
Tom said that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom said that he wouldn't do anything about that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do anything about it.
Tom said that he wouldn't dance.
Tom said that he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't be there.
Tom said he wouldn't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he wouldn't be home for dinner.
Tom said that he wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom said that he wouldn't be gone long.
Tom said that he wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be back until Monday.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to go with us.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to buy everything he needed for $300.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able do anytime soon.
Tom said that he wouldn't attend the meeting.
Tom said that he wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known he had to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he could've.
Tom said that he would've done that by himself if he could've.
Tom said that he would've come to the party if he'd been invited.
Tom said that he would've come if we'd invited him.
Tom said that he would write to us.
Tom said that he would try.
Tom said that he would stop smoking.
Tom said that he would sort it out.
Tom said that he would leave on Monday.
Tom said that he would do what we asked.
Tom said that he would do that.
Tom said that he would do that for us.
Tom said that he would do that for me.
Tom said that he would do that again.
Tom said he would do that again if he ever got the chance to.
Tom said that he would do that again if he ever got the chance to.
Tom said that he would do it again.
Tom said that he would come to the party.
Tom said he would buy me anything I wanted.
Tom said that he would buy me anything I wanted.
Tom said that he would buy it.
Tom said that he would be OK with that.
Tom said that he would be at the meeting.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary did that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary and I didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I really would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he won't walk home today.
Tom said that he won't wait any longer.
Tom said that he won't visit Boston.
Tom said that he won't speak French.
Tom said that he won't sing tonight.
Tom said that he won't marry me.
Tom said that he won't help Mary anymore.
Tom said that he won't go to Boston.
Tom said that he won't go ashore.
Tom said that he won't forget that night.
Tom said that he won't ever do that.
Tom said that he won't ever do that again.
Tom said that he won't do that unless you help him.
Tom said that he won't do that unless I help him.
Tom said that he won't cry.
Tom said that he won't come to our party.
Tom said that he won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he won't be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he won't be buying anything today.
Tom said that he won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he won't attend the meeting.
Tom said that he won't agree to do that.
Tom said that he won.
Tom said that he won three hundred dollars.
Tom said that he wished to speak to you himself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he wished that you would do that.
Tom said he wished that you would do that for Mary.
Tom said he wished that you would do that for him.
Tom said he wished that you knew how to do that.
Tom said he wished that you could do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he wished that Mary would win.
Tom said he wished that Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said he wished that Mary would do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary could do that.
Tom said he wished that I was more like Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said he wished that he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished that he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd eaten more.
Tom said he wished that he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said he wished that he were rich.
Tom said he wished that he were here with us.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone there.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't done that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been there.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been late.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he could speak French better.
Tom said he wished that he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said he wished that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said he wished that he could do that.
Tom said he wished that he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished Mary would never leave.
Tom said he wished Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said he wished Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said he wished Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been so late.
Tom said that he wished he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he went there for a job.
Tom said that he went swimming yesterday.
Tom said that he watched TV for three hours last night.
Tom said that he watched them tear down the house.
Tom said that he wasn't worried about that.
Tom said that he wasn't worried about Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to take that risk.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to help us.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to help us do that.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said that he wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the least bit tired.
Tom said that he wasn't the least bit hungry.
Tom said that he wasn't surprised to hear that John and Mary had gotten married.
Tom said that he wasn't sure.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what he should do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure if Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he's ready to do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he was ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he was ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he could do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he could do it.
Tom said that he wasn't so sure.
Tom said that he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to talk.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go home.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go home yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to give up.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to give up yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to do that yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to become a father.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to stay.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go to Boston next week.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on staying at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on going.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Tom said that he wasn't permitted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't overweight.
Tom said that he wasn't on the baseball team.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to vote.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to drive.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to drink.
Tom said that he wasn't offered a job.
Tom said that he wasn't mad anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't looking forward to this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to win.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to see Mary today.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to do that today.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to cry.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in that.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.
Tom said that he wasn't injured.
Tom said that he wasn't in the mood to do that today.
Tom said that he wasn't in pain.
Tom said that he wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing.
Tom said that he wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't in Boston at that time.
Tom said that he wasn't having much fun.
Tom said that he wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he wasn't having a good time.
Tom said that he wasn't happy here.
Tom said that he wasn't happy here in Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he wasn't going to wait for permission.
Tom said that he wasn't going to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't going to sign the contract.
Tom said that he wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Tom said that he wasn't going to protect me.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Mary's concert.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let you go.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom said that he wasn't going to help us.
Tom said that he wasn't going to help us anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go with us.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Tom said that he wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Tom said that he wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Tom said that he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Boston next summer.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be there.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be at Mary's party.
Tom said that he wasn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wasn't going anywhere.
Tom said that he wasn't going anywhere today.
Tom said that he wasn't from Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary's help.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting any help from you.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom said that he wasn't even there that night.
Tom said that he wasn't convinced.
Tom said that he wasn't coming.
Tom said that he wasn't coming back.
Tom said that he wasn't Canadian.
Tom said that he wasn't being paid enough.
Tom said that he wasn't aware that Mary had done that.
Tom said that he wasn't aware of any problems.
Tom said that he wasn't at home.
Tom said that he wasn't at home last night.
Tom said that he wasn't angry anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't allowed to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of anyone.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned on doing.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he wasn't a terrorist.
Tom said that he wasn't a good French speaker.
Tom said that he wasn't a good chess player.
Tom said that he was wounded.
Tom said that he was worried about the weather.
Tom said that he was worried about me.
Tom said that he was worried about Mary.
Tom said that he was worried about his daughter.
Tom said that he was worn out.
Tom said that he was working on something important.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary would do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary needed to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary had to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he was willing to wait.
Tom said that he was willing to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he was willing to take that risk.
Tom said that he was willing to help us.
Tom said that he was willing to help us out.
Tom said that he was willing to help us do that.
Tom said that he was willing to help me do that.
Tom said that he was willing to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Tom said that he was willing to do the driving.
Tom said that he was willing to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he was willing to do that for us.
Tom said he was willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he was willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said that he was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he was well.
Tom said that he was well.
Tom said that he was waiting for something to happen.
Tom said that he was very unlikely to win.
Tom said that he was very unlikely to do that.
Tom said that he was very unlikely to cry.
Tom said he was very hungry.
Tom said that he was very happy with the results.
Tom said he was very happy here.
Tom said that he was very happy here.
Tom said that he was very grateful for your help.
Tom said that he was very concerned about what might happen.
Tom said he was very busy.
Tom said he was very busy this week.
Tom said that he was very busy this week.
Tom said that he was utterly exhausted.
Tom said that he was unwilling to do that.
Tom said he was unlucky.
Tom said that he was unlikely to win.
Tom said that he was unlikely do that.
Tom said he was unimpressed.
Tom said he was unhurt.
Tom said that he was unhurt.
Tom said he was unemployed.
Tom said he was under a lot of pressure.
Tom said that he was under a lot of pressure.
Tom said he was unconvinced.
Tom said he was unbiased.
Tom said that he was unaware of any problems.
Tom said he was unafraid.
Tom said that he was unable to win.
Tom said that he was unable to do that.
Tom said that he was unable to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he was unable to do everything he had planned to do.
Tom said that he was trying to stay awake.
Tom said he was trying to lose weight.
Tom said that he was trying to lose weight.
Tom said that he was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom said that he was trying to figure something out.
Tom said that he was trying to be optimistic.
Tom said that he was trying to be careful.
Tom said that he was tricked into doing that.
Tom said that he was too young to vote.
Tom said that he was too young to drive.
Tom said that he was too young to drink.
Tom said that he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he was too weak to do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to help you do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to help us today.
Tom said that he was too tired to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to go any further.
Tom said that he was too tired to do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to do any more.
Tom said that he was too tired to dance.
Tom said that he was too stupid to do that.
Tom said that he was too sleepy to do that.
Tom said that he was too shy to do that.
Tom said that he was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom said that he was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Tom said that he was too out of shape to do that.
Tom said that he was too old to go mountain climbing.
Tom said that he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he was too lazy to do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to help me do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to help.
Tom said that he was too busy to help me do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to do that.
Tom said that he was told to do that.
Tom said that he was told to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was told to do that again.
Tom said that he was told not to do that anymore.
Tom said that he was told not to do that again.
Tom said that he was told not do that.
Tom said that he was tired of waiting.
Tom said that he was tired of losing.
Tom said that he was tired of giving speeches.
Tom said that he was tired of doing that.
Tom said that he was tired and wanted to go home.
Tom said that he was tired and wanted to go home early.
Tom said he was ticklish.
Tom said that he was thrilled to be back.
Tom said that he was three months behind on alimony.
Tom said that he was thirty.
Tom said he was thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom said that he was thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom said that he was thinking about doing that.
Tom said that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who got here on time.
Tom said that he was the only one who did that.
Tom said that he was the one who was driving the car.
Tom said that he was the one who did that.
Tom said he was the one responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he was the one responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he was thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom said that he was terrified of snakes.
Tom said he was tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was talking to Mary when the lights went out.
Tom said that he was taking Mary to the prom.
Tom said he was sympathetic.
Tom said he was suspicious.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he was supportive.
Tom said that he was supportive.
Tom said he was studying to be a doctor.
Tom said that he was studying to be a doctor.
Tom said he was studying French now.
Tom said that he was studying French now.
Tom said that he was stranded on a desert island for three years.
Tom said that he was still not very good at doing that.
Tom said he was still afraid.
Tom said that he was still afraid.
Tom said that he was starving.
Tom said he was starved.
Tom said that he was starting to get very dizzy.
Tom said that he was starting to get tired.
Tom said that he was starting to feel dizzy.
Tom said he was starting to feel desperate.
Tom said that he was starting to feel desperate.
Tom said that he was sorry that he couldn't help me.
Tom said that he was sorry for what he did.
Tom said that he was sorry for last night.
Tom said that he was somewhat confused.
Tom said that he was so full he had no room left for dessert.
Tom said he was skeptical.
Tom said that he was sick of doing that.
Tom said he was safe.
Tom said that he was retiring.
Tom said he was retired.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that for me.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that for me.
Tom said he was really sorry for what happened.
Tom said that he was really sorry for what happened.
Tom said he was really glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you were able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad you were able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you were able do that.
Tom said he was really glad you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad you did that.
Tom said that he was really glad you did that.
Tom said he was really glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you could do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary was able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary was able do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary moved to Boston.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary moved to Boston.
Tom said he was really glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary did that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary could do that.
Tom said he was really glad he'd done that.
Tom said that he was really glad he'd done that.
Tom said he was really glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said he was really glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he was able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad he was able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he was able do that.
Tom said he was really glad he didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad he did that.
Tom said he was really glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was ready to talk.
Tom said he was ready to help.
Tom said that he was ready to help.
Tom said that he was ready to face a tough challenge.
Tom said that he was ready to do whatever was necessary.
Tom said he was ready to do whatever it took.
Tom said that he was ready to do whatever it took.
Tom said he was ready to defend himself.
Tom said that he was ready to defend himself.
Tom said he was puzzled.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you would do that.
Tom said that he was present at yesterday's meeting.
Tom said he was prepared.
Tom said he was pleased.
Tom said he was pleased with the results.
Tom said that he was pleased with the results.
Tom said that he was planning to wear a black tuxedo.
Tom said that he was planning to stay in Boston next summer.
Tom said he was planning to stay at home all day.
Tom said he was planning on staying at home all day.
Tom said that he was planning to hitchhike to Boston.
Tom said he was planning to go, too.
Tom said he was planning on going, too.
Tom said that he was planning to go to Boston next summer.
Tom said he was planning to get drunk tonight.
Tom said that he was planning to get drunk tonight.
Tom said he was planning to do that.
Tom said he was planning on doing that.
Tom said that he was planning to do that in Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in Boston.
Tom said that he was planning on staying in Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on going to Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on doing that in Boston next summer.
Tom said he was pessimistic.
Tom said that he was pessimistic.
Tom said that he was over thirty.
Tom said he was optimistic.
Tom said that he was mugged by three men.
Tom said he was motivated to do that.
Tom said he was lucky.
Tom said that he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom said that he was looking forward to coming to visit us.
Tom said he was looking forward to being retired.
Tom said that he was looking forward to being retired.
Tom said that he was looking for you.
Tom said that he was looking for volunteers.
Tom said that he was looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom said that he was looking for more volunteers.
Tom said that he was looking for help.
Tom said that he was looking for a volunteer.
Tom said that he was looking for a place to eat.
Tom said that he was looking for a job in Boston.
Tom said that he was looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom said that he was living in Boston at the time.
Tom said that he was kidnapped when he was thirteen.
Tom said that he was just too tired to do anything else.
Tom said that he was just interested in helping Mary.
Tom said that he was just about to do that.
Tom said that he was just about ready to do that.
Tom said he was jealous.
Tom said he was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was interested in buying a farm.
Tom said he was innocent.
Tom said that he was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he was in no hurry to leave.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to leave.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to go home.
Tom said he was in no hurry to get home.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to get home.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to do that.
Tom said that he was in love with you.
Tom said that he was in his office all day.
Tom said that he was in Boston.
Tom said he was in Boston now.
Tom said that he was in Boston now.
Tom said that he was hungry enough to eat anything.
Tom said he was hoping you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping to see you.
Tom said that he was hoping to get home before it started raining.
Tom said he was hoping that you'd win.
Tom said he was hoping that you would do that.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that with Mary.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that with him.
Tom said he was hoping that would happen.
Tom said that he was hoping that would happen.
Tom said he was hoping that we'd do that.
Tom said he was hoping that we could travel together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could sing together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could eat together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could do that together.
Tom said he was hoping that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said he was hoping that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping he could help Mary.
Tom said that he was home in bed with the flu.
Tom said he was hesitant to do that.
Tom said he was heartbroken.
Tom said he was healthy.
Tom said that he was heading to the airport.
Tom said that he was having second thoughts.
Tom said that he was having problems with Mary.
Tom said that he was having fun.
Tom said that he was having fun, too.
Tom said that he was having dinner with Mary tonight.
Tom said that he was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he was having a good time.
Tom said that he was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he was having a bad day.
Tom said that he was happy to see you.
Tom said that he was happy to do that.
Tom said that he was happy to be of assistance.
Tom said he was happy that you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that you didn't do that.
Tom said he was happy that you did that.
Tom said that he was happy that you did that.
Tom said he was happy that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was happy that Mary did that.
Tom said that he was happy that Mary did that.
Tom said he was happy that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy here.
Tom said that he was happy he got there early.
Tom said that he was happy he did that.
Tom said he was grateful.
Tom said that he was grateful to be here.
Tom said that he was grateful for what you did.
Tom said that he was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he was good at French.
Tom said that he was going to write a letter to Mary.
Tom said that he was going to work.
Tom said that he was going to win.
Tom said that he was going to try to help us.
Tom said that he was going to try out for his school soccer team.
Tom said that he was going to talk to me later.
Tom said that he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he was going to talk to Mary about that.
Tom said that he was going to take that risk.
Tom said that he was going to take a bath.
Tom said that he was going to study French.
Tom said that he was going to stay up all night.
Tom said that he was going to stay up all night long.
Tom said that he was going to quit.
Tom said that he was going to permit us to do that.
Tom said that he was going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going to need a little more money.
Tom said that he was going to lie down for a moment.
Tom said that he was going to let us do that.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary win.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he was going to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he was going to kill Mary's dog.
Tom said that he was going to kill Mary.
Tom said that he was going to help.
Tom said that he was going to help us do that.
Tom said that he was going to help Mary.
Tom said that he was going to have fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said that he was going to go yesterday.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston and see if he could find a job there.
Tom said that he was going to go the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom said that he was going to go see Mary.
Tom said that he was going to go back to sleep.
Tom said that he was going to give it back.
Tom said that he was going to eat fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said that he was going to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he was going to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom said that he was going to do that himself.
Tom said that he was going to do that for me.
Tom said that he was going to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he was going to do that every day after he retired.
Tom said that he was going to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was going to do that anyway.
Tom said that he was going to catch the 2:train.
Tom said that he was going to call the police.
Tom said that he was going to Boston.
Tom said that he was going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom said that he was going to be here.
Tom said that he was going to Australia.
Tom said he was going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom said that he was going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he was going to allow us to do that.
Tom said that he was going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going hunting.
Tom said that he was going back home.
Tom said he was glad you'd done that.
Tom said that he was glad you'd done that.
Tom said he was glad you weren't injured.
Tom said that he was glad you weren't injured.
Tom said he was glad you weren't hurt.
Tom said that he was glad you weren't hurt.
Tom said he was glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom said he was glad you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad you didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad you did that.
Tom said that he was glad you did that.
Tom said he was glad you did that for Mary.
Tom said he was glad you did that for him.
Tom said he was glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was glad to see you.
Tom said he was glad to help.
Tom said that he was glad to help.
Tom said that he was glad to be here.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that.
Tom said he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom said he was glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he was glad Mary had done that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary had done that.
Tom said he was glad Mary got there early.
Tom said that he was glad Mary got there early.
Tom said he was glad Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary could do that.
Tom said he was glad he'd done that.
Tom said that he was glad he'd done that.
Tom said he was glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said he was glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he got there early.
Tom said he was glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was getting tired.
Tom said that he was getting sleepy.
Tom said that he was getting hungry.
Tom said that he was getting drowsy.
Tom said he was furious.
Tom said that he was from Boston.
Tom said that he was from Australia.
Tom said he was frightened.
Tom said that he was forced to do that.
Tom said that he was finished.
Tom said he was fine.
Tom said that he was feeling thirsty.
Tom said that he was feeling pretty good.
Tom said that he was feeling nervous.
Tom said that he was feeling hungry.
Tom said that he was feeling great.
Tom said he was feeling fine.
Tom said that he was feeling fine.
Tom said that he was feeling confident.
Tom said he was feeling better now.
Tom said that he was feeling better now.
Tom said that he was feeling bad.
Tom said that he was extremely tired.
Tom said that he was expecting something bad to happen.
Tom said that he was expecting Mary any minute now.
Tom said he was excused from doing that.
Tom said that he was excused from doing that.
Tom said he was excited.
Tom said that he was enjoying the party.
Tom said that he was enjoying himself in Boston.
Tom said he was embarrassed.
Tom said that he was eager to do that.
Tom said that he was dying.
Tom said that he was dying to meet Mary.
Tom said he was done.
Tom said that he was done, too.
Tom said that he was done for the day.
Tom said he was doing that now.
Tom said that he was doing that now.
Tom said he was doing just fine.
Tom said that he was doing just fine.
Tom said that he was doing fine.
Tom said that he was dog-tired.
Tom said he was displeased.
Tom said that he was displeased.
Tom said that he was disoriented.
Tom said he was discouraged.
Tom said that he was determined to win.
Tom said that he was determined to find out why that happened.
Tom said that he was determined to find out what happened.
Tom said he was determined to do that for us.
Tom said that he was determined to do that for us.
Tom said that he was determined not to do that.
Tom said he was desperate.
Tom said that he was desperate to find a solution.
Tom said he was desperate to do that.
Tom said that he was desperate to do that.
Tom said he was depressed.
Tom said that he was delighted to do that.
Tom said he was curious.
Tom said that he was curious about that.
Tom said he was concerned.
Tom said that he was concerned about the problem.
Tom said that he was concerned about that problem.
Tom said that he was completely exhausted.
Tom said that he was completely baffled.
Tom said that he was coming here after work.
Tom said that he was coming back.
Tom said he was cold.
Tom said that he was Canadian.
Tom said that he was calling from his cell phone.
Tom said he was broke.
Tom said he was aware of the situation.
Tom said that he was aware of the situation.
Tom said that he was at your house yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he was at school.
Tom said that he was at home.
Tom said that he was at home yesterday.
Tom said that he was at home on the night of the murder.
Tom said that he was at his parents' house.
Tom said that he was asked to leave.
Tom said that he was asked to help.
Tom said that he was asked to do that.
Tom said that he was asked to do that again.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that again.
Tom said he was annoyed.
Tom said that he was an artist.
Tom said that he was almost ready to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to go there.
Tom said that he was afraid to fly.
Tom said he was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that alone.
Tom said that he was afraid of snakes.
Tom said he was afraid of heights.
Tom said that he was afraid of heights.
Tom said he was afraid Mary would laugh at him.
Tom said he Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
Tom said that he was aching all over.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom said that he was a new student.
Tom said that he was a businessman.
Tom said that he wants you to stop doing that.
Tom said that he wants to write a book.
Tom said that he wants to win.
Tom said that he wants to talk to you.
Tom said that he wants to study French.
Tom said that he wants to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he wants to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said that he wants to sell his house.
Tom said that he wants to retire.
Tom said that he wants to meet you.
Tom said that he wants to join our band.
Tom said that he wants to go.
Tom said that he wants to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wants to do everything by himself.
Tom said that he wants to die.
Tom said that he wants to change that.
Tom said that he wants to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wants to buy a yacht.
Tom said that he wants to be your friend.
Tom said that he wants to be an architect.
Tom said that he wants to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wants to be a teacher.
Tom said that he wants to be a mechanic.
Tom said that he wants to be a lawyer.
Tom said that he wants to be a fire fighter.
Tom said he wants his money back.
Tom said that he wants his money back.
Tom said that he wants go back to Boston someday.
Tom said that he wanted us to be here by 2:on Monday.
Tom said he wanted us to be back here by 2:on Monday.
Tom said that he wanted us to be back here by 2:on Monday.
Tom said that he wanted to write a book.
Tom said that he wanted to win.
Tom said that he wanted to watch a little TV.
Tom said that he wanted to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom said that he wanted to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to try to win.
Tom said that he wanted to try to swim across this river.
Tom said that he wanted to try to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to try to do that again.
Tom said that he wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Tom said that he wanted to try doing that again.
Tom said that he wanted to tell you how to do that, but Mary told him not to.
Tom said that he wanted to talk.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to you. Is that why you're here now?
Tom said that he wanted to talk to me.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to take some pictures of us.
Tom said that he wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Tom said that he wanted to take a nap.
Tom said that he wanted to study French.
Tom said that he wanted to stick around for a couple of more days.
Tom said that he wanted to stay home.
Tom said that he wanted to stay home this weekend.
Tom said that he wanted to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom said that he wanted to spend some time by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to spend some time alone.
Tom said that he wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to sit somewhere else.
Tom said that he wanted to show what he'd made to Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to see us before we left.
Tom said that he wanted to see Mary win.
Tom said that he wanted to see Mary do that.
Tom said that he wanted to see if Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wanted to see if he could swim to that island.
Tom said that he wanted to see if he could do that.
Tom said he wanted to retire.
Tom said that he wanted to retire.
Tom said that he wanted to replace the drummer in his band.
Tom said that he wanted to relax a little bit.
Tom said that he wanted to quit the band.
Tom said that he wanted to play.
Tom said that he wanted to play poker with us.
Tom said that he wanted to play golf with Mary.
Tom said he wanted to meet you.
Tom said that he wanted to meet you.
Tom said that he wanted to meet Mary's family.
Tom said that he wanted to marry me.
Tom said that he wanted to marry Mary.
Tom said he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistakes he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistakes he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom said that he wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom said that he wanted to leave.
Tom said that he wanted to leave early.
Tom said that he wanted to leave early today.
Tom said that he wanted to leave Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to learn more about Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to tie a square knot.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Tom said he wanted to know why you aren't working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom said he wanted to know when we're going to come over and help him.
Tom said that he wanted to know when we're going to come over and help him.
Tom said that he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom said that he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to kill himself.
Tom said that he wanted to join our band.
Tom said that he wanted to improve his French.
Tom said that he wanted to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he wanted to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he wanted to help.
Tom said that he wanted to help us do that.
Tom said that he wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he wanted to hear the truth.
Tom said that he wanted to go.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the zoo with Mary on their next date.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the beach.
Tom said that he wanted to go to business school.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that he wanted to go swimming.
Tom said that he wanted to go swimming with us.
Tom said that he wanted to go shopping.
Tom said that he wanted to go sailing.
Tom said that he wanted to go home.
Tom said that he wanted to go home early today.
Tom said that he wanted to go home and eat dinner with his wife.
Tom said that he wanted to go camping with us.
Tom said that he wanted to give you something.
Tom said that he wanted to give Mary another chance to do that.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to get some sleep.
Tom said that he wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom said that he wanted to get divorced.
Tom said that he wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom said that he wanted to find an apartment close to where he works.
Tom said that he wanted to find a place to live close to where he works.
Tom said that he wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Tom said that he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Tom said that he wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
Tom said that he wanted to dye his hair black.
Tom said that he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Boston.
Tom said he wanted to drink some milk.
Tom said that he wanted to drink some milk.
Tom said that he wanted to do that right away.
Tom said that he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he wanted to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said that he wanted to do something he'd never done before.
Tom said that he wanted to do something else.
Tom said that he wanted to do more.
Tom said that he wanted to do it by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to do everything by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to die.
Tom said that he wanted to cry.
Tom said that he wanted to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom said that he wanted to change his plans.
Tom said that he wanted to call his lawyer.
Tom said that he wanted to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom said that he wanted to buy some soap.
Tom said that he wanted to buy one of Mary's paintings.
Tom said he wanted to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy another car.
Tom said that he wanted to buy an alarm clock.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a weathervane.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a toolbox.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a skateboard.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a horse.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a fishing pole.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a few things.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a drum set.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom said that he wanted to borrow a few books.
Tom said that he wanted to be your friend.
Tom said that he wanted to be there before 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be the one who did that.
Tom said he wanted to be the one to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to be the one to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to be ready by 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be here.
Tom said that he wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be early.
Tom said that he wanted to be cooperative.
Tom said that he wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Tom said that he wanted to be an architect.
Tom said that he wanted to be alone, and then went up to his room.
Tom said he wanted to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wanted to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wanted to be a teacher.
Tom said that he wanted to be a dentist.
Tom said that he wanted to bake a cake for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to ask me a personal question.
Tom said that he wanted something to eat.
Tom said that he wanted something hot to drink.
Tom said that he wanted something else to eat.
Tom said that he wanted something cold to drink.
Tom said that he wanted some company.
Tom said he wanted revenge.
Tom said that he wanted revenge.
Tom said that he wanted my help.
Tom said that he wanted more details.
Tom said that he wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom said that he wanted me to teach him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Tom said that he wanted me to stop.
Tom said that he wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with him.
Tom said that he wanted me to show him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted me to help him tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to help him paint his garage tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to win.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that by herself.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom said that he wanted answers.
Tom said that he wanted a second opinion.
Tom said that he wanted a picture of me.
Tom said that he wanted a new car.
Tom said that he wanted a little bit more privacy.
Tom said that he wanted a lawyer.
Tom said that he wanted a good job.
Tom said that he wanted a better job.
Tom said he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom said that he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom said that he walked home.
Tom said that he walked home yesterday.
Tom said that he walked home by himself.
Tom said he waited for a long time, but Mary never showed up.
Tom said that he waited for a long time, but Mary never showed up.
Tom said that he usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Tom said that he used to go to Boston three times a month.
Tom said that he understood.
Tom said that he understood why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he understood what needed to be done.
Tom said that he understood how you were feeling.
Tom said that he understood French.
Tom said that he understands why Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he understands why Mary may not want to do that.
Tom said that he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he understands our concern.
Tom said that he tries to be optimistic.
Tom said that he tried very hard to win.
Tom said that he tried to win.
Tom said that he tried to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary with her homework.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he tried to go the day before yesterday.
Tom said that he tried to do that.
Tom said that he tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom said that he tried to do that once.
Tom said that he tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he tried to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he tried doing that once himself.
Tom said that he told you.
Tom said that he told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he thought you'd win.
Tom said he thought you knew Mary.
Tom said that he thought you knew Mary.
Tom said that he thought we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he thought we should try to get there early.
Tom said that he thought we might have a problem.
Tom said he thought we could win.
Tom said he thought we could do that.
Tom said he thought there was no need to hurry.
Tom said he thought that there was no need to hurry.
Tom said he didn't think there was any need to hurry.
Tom said he didn't think that there was any need to hurry.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that it would snow.
Tom said that he thought the pilot was drunk.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that you would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that you would do that.
Tom said he thought that you should do that.
Tom said he thought that you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he thought that you could take care of yourself.
Tom said he thought that you could help us today.
Tom said he thought that you could do that.
Tom said that he thought that would probably not happen.
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.
Tom said that he thought that would embarrass Mary.
Tom said he thought that we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said he thought that those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought that there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that the statue weighed about pounds.
Tom said he thought that the room was too small.
Tom said he thought that the room was too hot.
Tom said he thought that the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
Tom said he thought that my jokes were funny.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said he thought that Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely not win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be tired.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be shy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be ready.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be lonely.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in her office.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be hungry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be here.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be depressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be cold.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't here.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was too slow.
Tom said he thought that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom said he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was still awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary was right.
Tom said he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom said he thought that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom said he thought that Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said he thought that Mary was mad at him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom said he thought that Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in the library.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in danger.
Tom said he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was here.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was happy here.
Tom said he thought that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary was good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom said he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom said he thought that Mary was doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom said he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom said he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom said he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary was at school.
Tom said he thought that Mary was at home.
Tom said he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said he thought that Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary understood French.
Tom said he thought that Mary taught French.
Tom said he thought that Mary spoke French.
Tom said he thought that Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed at least $to buy what she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed at least $to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might help us today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be frightened.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be able win.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked confused.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said he thought that Mary hated John.
Tom said he thought that Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom said he thought that Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said he thought that Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said he thought that Mary didn't like John.
Tom said he thought that Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said he thought that Mary despised John.
Tom said he thought that Mary could win.
Tom said he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that it would probably snow.
Tom said he thought that it would likely snow.
Tom said he thought that it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said he thought that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought that it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said he thought that it was time for him to retire.
Tom said he thought that it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said he thought that it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said he thought that it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said he thought that it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said he thought that I'd already done that.
Tom said he thought that I was very annoying.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was handsome.
Tom said he thought that I should get more exercise.
Tom said he thought that I should buy a new car.
Tom said he thought that I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said he thought that I might want to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not win.
Tom said he thought that I might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that soon.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I looked lonely.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was tired.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said he thought that I looked hungry.
Tom said he thought that I looked happy.
Tom said he thought that I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought that house was haunted.
Tom said he thought that he'd find another job.
Tom said he thought that he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said he thought that he'd be arrested.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he was too young to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was going to win.
Tom said he thought that he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he thought that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he should study French.
Tom said he thought that he should learn how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he should help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he should do that.
Tom said he thought that he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said he thought that he ought to do that.
Tom said he thought that he needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that here.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he knew what to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what had to be done.
Tom said he thought that he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said he thought that he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said he thought that he knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said he thought that he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said he thought that he had to study French.
Tom said he thought that he had to speak French.
Tom said he thought that he had to help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he couldn't win.
Tom said he thought that he couldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he could win.
Tom said that he thought that he could win.
Tom said he thought that he could take care of himself.
Tom said he thought that he could impress Mary.
Tom said he thought that he could help us.
Tom said he thought that he could help us today.
Tom said he thought that he could help us do that.
Tom said he thought that he could help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said he thought that he could do that.
Tom said he thought that he could do that today.
Tom said he thought that he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he could do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he could do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be safe.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be OK.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said he thought that could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought that could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said he thought something was wrong.
Tom said he thought that something was wrong.
Tom said he thought my offer was reasonable.
Tom said that he thought my offer was reasonable.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought Mary would wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be back soon.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't at school.
Tom said that he thought Mary was with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unhappy in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said that he thought Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said that he thought Mary was over thirty.
Tom said that he thought Mary was on vacation.
Tom said he thought Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mad.
Tom said that he thought Mary was lying.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was cute.
Tom said he thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed help.
Tom said he thought Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought John was Mary's son.
Tom said he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it was an accident.
Tom said he thought it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought I'm charming.
Tom said that he thought I'd regret doing that.
Tom said that he thought I was witty.
Tom said that he thought I was wearing a wig.
Tom said he thought I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought I was lying.
Tom said that he thought I was lazy.
Tom said that he thought I was funny.
Tom said that he thought I was dead.
Tom said that he thought I was creative.
Tom said that he thought I was charismatic.
Tom said that he thought I was being stubborn.
Tom said that he thought I should study harder.
Tom said that he thought I should study French.
Tom said that he thought I seemed unfriendly.
Tom said that he thought I seemed impressed.
Tom said that he thought I seemed confused.
Tom said that he thought I might win.
Tom said that he thought I looked sad.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was bored.
Tom said that he thought I looked fit.
Tom said he thought he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought he needed to help Mary.
Tom said he thought he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought he knew what the problem was.
Tom said that he thought he could win.
Tom said that he thought he could pass the test.
Tom said that he thought he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said he thought he could get away with that.
Tom said that he thought he could get away with that.
Tom said that he thinks you're stupid.
Tom said he thinks that there's no life on Mars.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't going to win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can do that.
Tom said he thinks that I'd be able to win.
Tom said he thinks that his team will win.
Tom said he thinks that his team will probably win.
Tom said he thinks that his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said he thinks that he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said he thinks that he sprained his ankle.
Tom said he thinks that he can take care of himself.
Tom said he thinks that he can do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can swim.
Tom said that he thinks he can win.
Tom said that he talked with Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he talked with Mary about that yesterday.
Tom said that he talked to Mary this morning.
Tom said that he takes a walk every day.
Tom said that he suspected that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he suspected that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he suspected Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said that he still had some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom said that he still had a lot of things to do.
Tom said that he still feels pain in his legs.
Tom said that he spoke to Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he spoke to Mary about that.
Tom said that he sold his house last week.
Tom said that he sold his house for $300,000.
Tom said he sold his car to Mary.
Tom said that he sold his car to Mary for $300.
Tom said that he sold his car three weeks ago.
Tom said that he sold his car for $300.
Tom said that he snored.
Tom said that he slept well last night.
Tom said that he shouldn't have walked home by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said that he should've left early.
Tom said that he should've left earlier.
Tom said that he should've done that.
Tom said that he should've done that by himself.
Tom said that he should've done that alone.
Tom said that he should go.
Tom said that he should do that.
Tom said that he shot Mary twice.
Tom said that he shot Mary three times.
Tom said that he shot Mary in self-defense.
Tom said that he sees Mary waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom said that he sees Mary at school every day.
Tom said that he sees a lot of dead animals on the road.
Tom said that he saw that movie with Mary.
Tom said that he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
Tom said that he saw something suspicious the morning Mary died.
Tom said that he saw something suspicious on the morning Mary died.
Tom said that he saw something scary.
Tom said that he saw someone standing outside your office.
Tom said that he saw nothing.
Tom said that he saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Tom said that he saw no point in doing that.
Tom said that he saw Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he saw Mary waiting for the bus.
Tom said that he saw Mary waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary tonight.
Tom said that he saw Mary this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary spanking one of her children.
Tom said that he saw Mary sitting in the park by herself.
Tom said that he saw Mary playing badminton with John.
Tom said that he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom said that he saw Mary kissing John behind the barn.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park yesterday.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park just after 2:30.
Tom said that he saw Mary get into John's car.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom said that he saw Mary earlier this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary crying this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary at the movie theater with John.
Tom said that he saw Mary and John kissing each other.
Tom said that he saw a UFO last night.
Tom said that he saw a shark the other day when he was swimming.
Tom said that he saw a lot of dead animals on the road.
Tom said that he saw a lion yesterday.
Tom said he saw a deer in his backyard.
Tom said that he saw a deer in his backyard.
Tom said that he saved a lot of money by buying in bulk.
Tom said that he remembers doing that.
Tom said that he remembers being there.
Tom said that he remembers asking Mary to do that.
Tom said that he remembers asking Mary not to do that.
Tom said that he remembered seeing Mary do that.
Tom said that he remembered doing that.
Tom said he remembered being there.
Tom said that he remembered being there.
Tom said that he regretted what had happened.
Tom said that he regretted the decision.
Tom said that he regretted that he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom said that he regretted not following Mary's advice.
Tom said that he regretted his decision to do that.
Tom said that he regretted doing that.
Tom said that he regrets not studying French harder when he was in high school.
Tom said that he regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he regrets doing that.
Tom said that he really wanted to be here, but he had to stay in Boston.
Tom said that he really regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he really regrets doing that.
Tom said that he really enjoyed the movie.
Tom said that he really enjoyed the concert.
Tom said he really enjoyed singing with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed singing with Mary.
Tom said he really enjoyed hanging out with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed hanging out with Mary.
Tom said he really enjoyed dancing with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed dancing with Mary.
Tom said that he really doesn't do that much.
Tom said that he really didn't understand.
Tom said that he really did want to be here today.
Tom said that he read three books last week.
Tom said that he read a lot of interesting books over the summer.
Tom said that he read a book about this ship.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Tom said that he probably won't win.
Tom said that he probably won't do that.
Tom said that he probably isn't going to win.
Tom said that he probably isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he prefers to stay at home.
Tom said that he prefers red wine.
Tom said that he plans to study French.
Tom said that he plans to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom said that he plans to stay until Monday.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Boston.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Boston until October.
Tom said that he plans to go.
Tom said that he plans to go on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to go Monday.
Tom said that he plans to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to do that.
Tom said that he plans to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to do that Monday.
Tom said that he plans to be a doctor.
Tom said that he plans to be a doctor someday.
Tom said that he plans on staying with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom said that he plans on staying until Monday.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Boston.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Boston until October.
Tom said that he plans on going.
Tom said that he plans on going on Monday.
Tom said that he plans on going Monday.
Tom said that he plans on doing that.
Tom said that he plans on doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he plans on doing that Monday.
Tom said that he planned to stay where he was.
Tom said that he planned to stay until next Monday.
Tom said he planned to stay inside all day and read a book.
Tom said that he planned to stay inside all day and read a book.
Tom said that he planned to go.
Tom said that he planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to go on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to go Monday.
Tom said that he planned to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to do that.
Tom said that he planned to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to do that Monday.
Tom said that he planned on staying where he was.
Tom said that he planned on staying until next Monday.
Tom said that he planned on going.
Tom said that he planned on going on Monday.
Tom said that he planned on going Monday.
Tom said that he planned on doing that.
Tom said that he planned on doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he planned on doing that Monday.
Tom said that he paid thirty dollars for this book.
Tom said that he paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Tom said that he paid $in advance.
Tom said that he owes Mary money.
Tom said that he owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom said that he owes Mary $300.
Tom said that he owed Mary money.
Tom said that he owed Mary $300.
Tom said that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he only needed a few more minutes.
Tom said that he only had thirty dollars on him.
Tom said that he only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom said that he only did that once.
Tom said that he only did that because everyone else did.
Tom said that he only did that because everybody else did.
Tom said that he often thinks about leaving.
Tom said that he now regrets that decision.
Tom said that he now regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he now regrets his decision.
Tom said that he now regrets doing that.
Tom said that he noticed the same thing.
Tom said that he noticed a difference.
Tom said that he never wanted to see Mary again.
Tom said that he never wanted to get married.
Tom said that he never wanted to do that.
Tom said that he never wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he never wanted to be a policeman.
Tom said that he never wanted this to happen.
Tom said that he never wanted that to happen.
Tom said that he never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom said that he never saw Mary.
Tom said that he never saw Mary on that day.
Tom said that he never saw Mary doing that.
Tom said that he never saw Mary do that.
Tom said that he never lied to Mary.
Tom said that he never hurt Mary.
Tom said that he never had to worry about money.
Tom said that he never felt tired.
Tom said that he never expected this to happen.
Tom said that he never did that.
Tom said that he never considered retiring.
Tom said that he never considered doing that.
Tom said that he never agreed to do that.
Tom said that he needs to study French.
Tom said that he needs to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he needs to go shopping.
Tom said that he needs to get some air.
Tom said that he needs to get more sleep.
Tom said that he needs to find another way to make money.
Tom said that he needs to find another babysitter.
Tom said that he needs to do that.
Tom said that he needs to do that by himself.
Tom said that he needs to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he needs to call the police.
Tom said that he needs to borrow some money.
Tom said that he needs to borrow an umbrella.
Tom said that he needed to use the bathroom.
Tom said that he needed to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he needed to take a shower.
Tom said that he needed to take a nap.
Tom said that he needed to take a bath.
Tom said that he needed to study French.
Tom said that he needed to stay home.
Tom said that he needed to stay at home.
Tom said that he needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom said that he needed to sort a few things out.
Tom said that he needed to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he needed to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he needed to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he needed to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom said that he needed to get some air.
Tom said that he needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom said that he needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Tom said that he needed to get out of there.
Tom said that he needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he needed to get in touch with Mary.
Tom said that he needed to find another babysitter.
Tom said that he needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he needed to do that today.
Tom said that he needed to do that soon.
Tom said that he needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he needed to do that pretty soon.
Tom said that he needed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he needed to do that before Mary got here.
Tom said that he needed to do that before he left.
Tom said that he needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he needed to call the police.
Tom said that he needed to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed to buy something for Mary.
Tom said that he needed to buy a new sweater.
Tom said that he needed to buy a few things.
Tom said that he needed to borrow an umbrella.
Tom said that he needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he needed to ask me a few more questions.
Tom said that he needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Tom said that he needed the rest of the money that I owe him.
Tom said that he needed something to drink.
Tom said that he needed some time to work things out.
Tom said that he needed some more time.
Tom said that he needed some cash.
Tom said that he needed our help.
Tom said that he needed one of us there.
Tom said that he needed my help, so I helped him.
Tom said that he needed money.
Tom said that he needed money to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed at least $to buy what he needed.
Tom said that he needed at least $to buy everything he needed.
Tom said that he needed a special tool to do that.
Tom said that he needed a favor.
Tom said that he needed a dozen eggs.
Tom said that he needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom said that he needed a change.
Tom said that he might win.
Tom said that he might walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said that he might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom said that he might visit Boston.
Tom said that he might sing with Mary and her band next weekend.
Tom said that he might possibly win.
Tom said that he might possibly do that.
Tom said that he might not win.
Tom said that he might not study French anymore.
Tom said that he might not do that.
Tom said that he might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said that he might go to Boston in a week or two.
Tom said that he might do that.
Tom said that he might die.
Tom said that he might cry.
Tom said that he might come to Boston next week or the week after.
Tom said that he might agree to do that.
Tom said that he met a woman named Mary this afternoon.
Tom said that he may walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said that he may wait.
Tom said that he may stay in Boston for a few months.
Tom said that he may possibly do that.
Tom said that he may not win.
Tom said that he may not study French anymore.
Tom said that he may not do that.
Tom said that he may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said that he may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Tom said that he may do that.
Tom said that he may agree to do that.
Tom said that he loves that kind of work.
Tom said he loved chocolate.
Tom said that he loved chocolate.
Tom said he loved baseball.
Tom said that he loved baseball.
Tom said he loved animals.
Tom said that he loved animals.
Tom said that he lost his temper.
Tom said that he likes to help others.
Tom said that he likes to do that.
Tom said that he likes this time of year.
Tom said that he likes the sound of that.
Tom said that he likes to ski, too.
Tom said that he likes the idea.
Tom said that he likes the color of my T-shirt.
Tom said that he likes teaching French.
Tom said that he likes studying French.
Tom said that he likes speaking French.
Tom said that he likes pizza.
Tom said that he likes pizza the way Mary makes it.
Tom said that he likes Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom said that he likes doing that.
Tom said that he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite.
Tom said that he liked to do that.
Tom said that he liked the party.
Tom said that he liked the new carpet.
Tom said that he liked the movie.
Tom said that he liked the idea.
Tom said that he liked the color of my T-shirt.
Tom said that he liked teaching French.
Tom said that he liked studying French.
Tom said that he liked speaking French.
Tom said that he liked snow.
Tom said that he liked my idea.
Tom said that he liked Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom said that he liked Mary.
Tom said that he liked it.
Tom said that he liked doing that.
Tom said that he left early because his wife had called and there was some kind of emergency at home.
Tom said that he left early because he was feeling sick.
Tom said that he left a few minutes after Mary did.
Tom said that he learned something new.
Tom said that he learned how to do that the hard way.
Tom said that he learned how to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he learned how to do that last summer.
Tom said that he learned how to do that in October.
Tom said that he learned how to do that in Boston.
Tom said that he learned how to do that from Mary.
Tom said that he learned a lot from Mary.
Tom said that he knows the rules.
Tom said that he knows one of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he knows Mary's secret.
Tom said that he knows Mary's children.
Tom said that he knows Mary's brother.
Tom said that he knows how to play tennis, but he doesn't like to.
Tom said that he knows both of the victims.
Tom said that he knew you.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew you couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew you could win.
Tom said that he knew why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary did that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew who won.
Tom said that he knew who Mary's husband was.
Tom said that he knew who Mary's ex-husband was.
Tom said that he knew who did that.
Tom said that he knew who did it.
Tom said that he knew where Mary was going.
Tom said that he knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he knew where Mary learned how to do that.
Tom said that he knew where Mary had hidden the money she had stolen.
Tom said that he knew what was going to happen.
Tom said that he knew what was going on.
Tom said that he knew what to do.
Tom said that he knew what that was like.
Tom said that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he knew was what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he knew what Mary was going to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary thought she should do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary should do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary ought to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he knew the rules.
Tom said that he knew the area well.
Tom said he knew that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he knew that you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that you couldn't do that.
Tom said he knew that you could do that.
Tom said he knew that we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said he knew that we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that this day would come.
Tom said he knew that they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said he knew that they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he knew that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said he knew that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he knew that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said he knew that it was time to leave.
Tom said he knew that it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew that I would come.
Tom said he knew that I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said he knew that I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said he knew that I might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that I might have to do that.
Tom said he knew that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he knew that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that he wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that he wouldn't win.
Tom said he knew that he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said he knew that he might not be able to win.
Tom said he knew that he might not be able to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he knew that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said he knew that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he knew that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he knew that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he knew that he could do that.
Tom said he knew something was wrong.
Tom said he knew that something was wrong.
Tom said that he knew something bad was going to happen.
Tom said that he knew one of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he knew nothing about what had happened.
Tom said that he knew Mary's children.
Tom said that he knew Mary's brother.
Tom said that he knew Mary.
Tom said he knew Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said he knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary would win.
Tom said he knew Mary would win the race.
Tom said he knew Mary would do that.
Tom said he knew Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary should do that.
Tom said he knew Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he knew Mary couldn't win.
Tom said he knew Mary could win.
Tom said he knew Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew I was coming.
Tom said that he knew how to win.
Tom said that he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he knew how Mary felt.
Tom said that he knew how I felt.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he could win.
Tom said that he knew both of the victims.
Tom said that he kept doing that.
Tom said that he kept asking questions.
Tom said that he kept asking Mary to help, but she just kept saying she wouldn't.
Tom said that he just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom said that he just needed more time.
Tom said that he just had to eat something right away.
Tom said that he just got back from Boston.
Tom said that he just didn't have the time.
Tom said that he jumped out of the way.
Tom said that he invited Mary to his party.
Tom said that he intends to keep his old car.
Tom said that he intends to go to Australia next October.
Tom said that he intended to take the matter further.
Tom said that he immediately called the police.
Tom said that he I thought I should do that myself.
Tom said that he thought I should do that by myself.
Tom said he hopes you're able to win.
Tom said he hopes you're able to do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes you'll help him do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll do that.
Tom said he hopes you'll be at the party.
Tom said he hopes you won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said he hopes you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said he hopes you won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said he hopes you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try your best to win.
Tom said he hopes you try your best to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try to do that.
Tom said he hopes you try doing that.
Tom said he hopes you like to do that.
Tom said he hopes you like doing that.
Tom said he hopes you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he hopes you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes to keep working here.
Tom said that he hopes to keep working here for several more years.
Tom said that he hopes to continue working here.
Tom said that he hopes to change that.
Tom said that he hopes to change that soon.
Tom said that he hopes to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he hopes to be back in October.
Tom said that he hopes to be back by October 20th.
Tom said that he hopes that'll happen soon.
Tom said he hopes that you're able to win.
Tom said he hopes that you're able to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes that you'll help him do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll do that.
Tom said he hopes that you'll be at the party.
Tom said he hopes that you won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes that you won't be late.
Tom said he hopes that you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said he hopes that you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try your best to win.
Tom said he hopes that you try your best to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you try doing that.
Tom said he hopes that you like to do that.
Tom said he hopes that you like doing that.
Tom said he hopes that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he hopes that you can do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't be late.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will be at the party.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary tries doing that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary likes to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary likes doing that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary is able to win.
Tom said he hopes that Mary is able to do that.
Tom said he hopes that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said he hopes that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that happens before he retires.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can win.
Tom said that he hoped to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he hoped to be back in October.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would help him.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would do that right away.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be here today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he hoped that Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that Mary could do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said he hoped that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he hoped that he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said he hoped that he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said he hoped that he never needed to do that again.
Tom said he hoped that he got home before it started raining.
Tom said he hoped that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could win the race.
Tom said he hoped that he could learn how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said he hoped that he could do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would win.
Tom said he hoped Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said he hoped Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that soon.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could win.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that again.
Tom said he hoped he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped he never had to do that again.
Tom said that he himself was an alcoholic.
Tom said that he heard three shots.
Tom said that he heard three shots fired.
Tom said that he heard three gunshots that night.
Tom said that he heard the gunshots.
Tom said that he heard someone yelling.
Tom said that he heard someone snoring.
Tom said that he heard someone singing.
Tom said that he heard someone screaming.
Tom said that he heard somebody yelling.
Tom said that he heard somebody snoring.
Tom said that he heard somebody singing.
Tom said that he heard somebody screaming.
Tom said that he heard noises in the kitchen.
Tom said that he heard Mary's voice.
Tom said that he heard Mary threaten to kill John.
Tom said that he heard Mary speaking French.
Tom said that he heard Mary snoring.
Tom said that he heard Mary singing this morning behind the school building.
Tom said that he heard Mary screaming.
Tom said that he heard Mary scream.
Tom said that he heard Mary say that.
Tom said that he heard Mary doing that.
Tom said that he heard Mary crying.
Tom said that he heard Mary and John arguing.
Tom said that he heard gunshots.
Tom said that he heard gunshots last night.
Tom said that he heard an explosion.
Tom said that he heard a lot of shots.
Tom said that he heard a lot of gunshots.
Tom said that he hated this book.
Tom said that he hated being treated like a child.
Tom said that he hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet done any of that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what to do.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what needs to be done.
Tom said that he hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't studied French.
Tom said that he hasn't seen Mary.
Tom said that he hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
Tom said that he hasn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hasn't met any of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he hasn't had any trouble sleeping.
Tom said that he hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom said that he hasn't done any of that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what to do.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what to do yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what needs to be done yet.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what he'll do.
Tom said that he has to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he has to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he has to go to school tomorrow.
Tom said that he has to get more sleep.
Tom said that he has to do that.
Tom said that he has to do that by himself.
Tom said that he has to call the police.
Tom said that he has to borrow some money.
Tom said he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has something he wants to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has something he needed to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he has nothing to hide.
Tom said that he has confidence in Mary.
Tom said that he has a lot of homework to do tonight.
Tom said that he hadn't thought about it like that.
Tom said that he hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't seen either of you.
Tom said he hadn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hadn't noticed any difference.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to hurt Mary.
Tom said that he hadn't intended to do that.
Tom said he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal in a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal in a long time.
Tom said that he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal for a long time.
Tom said he hadn't eaten anything, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he hadn't eaten anything, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he hadn't done that in three years.
Tom said that he had trouble doing that.
Tom said that he had to work.
Tom said that he had to work on Saturday.
Tom said he had to work on Monday.
Tom said that he had to work on Monday.
Tom said that he had to work late.
Tom said that he had to walk home.
Tom said that he had to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he had to tell someone about his problems.
Tom said he had to tell somebody about his problems.
Tom said that he had to tell somebody about his problems.
Tom said that he had to talk to me.
Tom said that he had to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he had to stay home.
Tom said that he had to split.
Tom said that he had to share a hotel room with a stranger.
Tom said that he had to leave.
Tom said that he had to leave early.
Tom said that he had to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he had to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he had to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he had to help Mary do that.
Tom said he had to go.
Tom said that he had to go.
Tom said that he had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Tom said that he had to go to a meeting.
Tom said that he had to go somewhere.
Tom said that he had to go home early.
Tom said that he had to do that.
Tom said that he had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he had to do something that needed to be done today.
Tom said that he had to do some things he didn't want to do.
Tom said that he had to call the police.
Tom said that he had to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said that he had to be with his family on Christmas.
Tom said that he had three dogs at home.
Tom said that he had things he needed to do.
Tom said that he had the right to do that.
Tom said that he had the day off tomorrow.
Tom said that he had somewhere to go.
Tom said that he had something very important to say.
Tom said that he had something to take care of.
Tom said that he had something to take care of, and left.
Tom said he had something to show you.
Tom said that he had something to show you.
Tom said that he had something to say to you.
Tom said that he had something to do this afternoon.
Tom said he had something important to tell you.
Tom said that he had something important to tell you.
Tom said that he had something important to tell me.
Tom said that he had something important to tell Mary.
Tom said that he had something important to say to Mary.
Tom said that he had something important to do.
Tom said that he had something important to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he had something important to ask Mary.
Tom said he had something he had to do, and left.
Tom said that he had something he had to do, and left.
Tom said that he had something he had to do this afternoon.
Tom said that he had something going on tomorrow.
Tom said that he had something for you.
Tom said that he had something else to say.
Tom said that he had some personal problems to take care of.
Tom said that he had room in his garage for me to keep some of my things.
Tom said that he had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom said that he had nowhere to go.
Tom said that he had nothing else to do.
Tom said that he had no regrets.
Tom said that he had no reason to stay.
Tom said that he had no plans to do that.
Tom said that he had no other details.
Tom said that he had no other choice.
Tom said that he had no objection to our leaving early.
Tom said that he had no more details.
Tom said that he had no money.
Tom said that he had no idea where Mary was.
Tom said that he had no choice but to do that.
Tom said that he had never planned to stay that long.
Tom said that he had more important things to do.
Tom said that he had his reasons for leaving early.
Tom said that he had his reasons for doing that.
Tom said that he had eaten nothing, but that wasn't true.
Tom said that he had contemplated suicide.
Tom said that he had confidence in Mary.
Tom said that he had better things to do.
Tom said that he had an interesting conversation with Mary.
Tom said that he had an important call to make.
Tom said that he had already planned to do that for us.
Tom said that he had already planned on doing that for us.
Tom said that he had a wonderful time.
Tom said that he had a very urgent matter to discuss with his boss.
Tom said that he had a terrible experience in Boston.
Tom said that he had a terrible cold.
Tom said that he had a surprise for you.
Tom said that he had a stomachache and left the room.
Tom said that he had a stomachache and didn't feel like eating anything.
Tom said that he had a slight cold.
Tom said he had a shovel in his pickup truck.
Tom said that he had a shovel in his pickup truck.
Tom said that he had a plan.
Tom said that he had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom said that he had a knife.
Tom said that he had a knife in his car.
Tom said that he had a job for me.
Tom said that he had a headache.
Tom said that he had a hard time doing that.
Tom said that he had a great time with you.
Tom said that he had a good weekend.
Tom said that he had a good reason for doing that.
Tom said that he had a gift for Mary.
Tom said that he had a friend in Boston.
Tom said that he had a few things to say.
Tom said that he had a difficult time doing that.
Tom said that he had a daughter.
Tom said that he had a cold.
Tom said that he had 300,dollars in his safe.
Tom said that he got really tired of doing that.
Tom said that he got really tired doing that.
Tom said that he got paid extra for doing that.
Tom said that he got out of the way.
Tom said that he got back home on Monday.
Tom said that he goes out with Mary at least once a week.
Tom said that he freaked out.
Tom said that he found the noise irritating.
Tom said that he found something.
Tom said that he found something under the couch.
Tom said that he found something strange.
Tom said that he found something in the forest.
Tom said that he found it difficult to do that.
Tom said that he found his keys.
Tom said that he found a wallet in the back seat.
Tom said that he forgot something.
Tom said he figured that Mary could win.
Tom said he figured that Mary could do that.
Tom said he figured that I could win.
Tom said that he figured that I could win.
Tom said he figured that I could do that.
Tom said he figured that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he figured that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he figured that he could win.
Tom said that he figured that he could win.
Tom said he figured that he could do that.
Tom said that he figured I could win.
Tom said that he figured he could win.
Tom said that he felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Tom said that he felt tired.
Tom said that he felt the same.
Tom said that he felt the same way.
Tom said that he felt the same way Mary did.
Tom said that he felt tempted to do that.
Tom said that he felt strong.
Tom said that he felt seasick.
Tom said that he felt scared.
Tom said that he felt rested and was ready to start hiking again.
Tom said that he felt offended.
Tom said that he felt no pressure to do that.
Tom said that he felt nauseous.
Tom said that he felt like he was dreaming.
Tom said that he felt like giving up.
Tom said that he felt like doing that.
Tom said that he felt like crying.
Tom said that he felt hungry.
Tom said that he felt hot.
Tom said that he felt helpless.
Tom said that he felt he needed to help Mary.
Tom said that he felt he needed to do that.
Tom said that he felt he had to do that.
Tom said that he felt happy.
Tom said he felt great.
Tom said that he felt great.
Tom said that he felt good.
Tom said that he felt good about that.
Tom said that he felt fine.
Tom said that he felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom said that he felt compelled to do that.
Tom said that he felt cold.
Tom said that he felt bad about what he'd done.
Tom said that he felt bad about that.
Tom said that he felt a bit nervous.
Tom said that he feels sick.
Tom said that he feels like doing that.
Tom said that he feels fine.
Tom said that he feels better.
Tom said that he feels a lot better today.
Tom said that he expects to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he expects to be there tomorrow.
Tom said that he expects to be doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he expects Mary to win.
Tom said that he expects Mary to help him.
Tom said that he expects Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expects Mary to do that.
Tom said that he expects his kids to be successful.
Tom said that he expects his children to be successful.
Tom said that he expected us do the same thing he did.
Tom said that he expected the job to be challenging.
Tom said that he expected Mary to win.
Tom said that he expected Mary to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to solve the problem.
Tom said that he expected Mary to participate.
Tom said that he expected Mary to help him.
Tom said he expected Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to eat lunch with us.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do things right.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do that.
Tom said that he expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be here.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be back on Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said that he expected Mary do the same thing he did.
Tom said that he enjoys teaching French.
Tom said that he enjoys studying French.
Tom said that he enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he enjoyed the show.
Tom said that he enjoyed the party last night.
Tom said that he enjoyed the concert.
Tom said that he enjoyed the challenge.
Tom said that he enjoyed Mary's speech.
Tom said that he enjoyed last night's party.
Tom said that he enjoyed it.
Tom said that he enjoyed his time in Boston.
Tom said that he enjoyed himself in Boston.
Tom said that he enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he enjoyed being here.
Tom said that he doubted that Mary would win.
Tom said that he doubted that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he doesn't work on Mondays.
Tom said that he doesn't want to tell Mary about what happened.
Tom said that he doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom said that he doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom said that he doesn't want to take that chance.
Tom said that he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom said that he doesn't want to retire.
Tom said that he doesn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't want to invite Mary to his party.
Tom said that he doesn't want to ever do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that on his own.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't want this.
Tom said that he doesn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't usually lock his house.
Tom said that he doesn't usually lock his car.
Tom said that he doesn't understand why you want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't understand why you don't want to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you need to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you have to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that you can win.
Tom said he doesn't think that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary still does that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary should do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that very often.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary does that anymore.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it's necessary to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that it would be wise to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he needs to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he has to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can find the time to do that.
Tom said he doesn't think that he can do that.
Tom said he doesn't think he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can win.
Tom said he doesn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he doesn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he doesn't smoke anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't remember doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't remember doing it.
Tom said that he doesn't remember anything from that night.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to step down.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay single all his life.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to stay here all day.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go there anytime soon.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go hunting again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to go by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan to be there.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying single all his life.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on staying here all day.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going with us this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going there anytime soon.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going hunting again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on going by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that this weekend.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said that he doesn't plan on being there.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that for you.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't mind doing that at all.
Tom said that he doesn't mind buying that for you.
Tom said that he doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't like to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom said that he doesn't like doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary bought her bicycle.
Tom said that he doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
Tom said that he doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom said that he doesn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom said that he doesn't know Mary.
Tom said that he doesn't know if Mary can do that or not.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said that he doesn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom said he doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom said that he doesn't know any of Mary's children.
Tom said that he doesn't hunt anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't have very much money.
Tom said that he doesn't have very much money on him.
Tom said that he doesn't have the power to stop that.
Tom said that he doesn't have the power to stop it.
Tom said that he doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have health insurance.
Tom said that he doesn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have any plans to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't go camping anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't feel well.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like doing that today.
Tom said that he doesn't feel like a hero.
Tom said that he doesn't ever want to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't even want to think about it.
Tom said that he doesn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
Tom said that he doesn't eat pork.
Tom said that he doesn't eat pork anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't eat meat.
Tom said that he doesn't eat meat anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't care whether he wins or not.
Tom said that he doesn't care if I do that.
Tom said that he doesn't care if he wins or not.
Tom said that he doesn't care at all.
Tom said that he disagrees.
Tom said that he disagreed with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want you to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want you to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want you here.
Tom said that he didn't want to work overtime.
Tom said that he didn't want to work outside.
Tom said that he didn't want to work late.
Tom said that he didn't want to work here anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to work as a waiter.
Tom said that he didn't want to wear John's old clothes.
Tom said that he didn't want to watch TV.
Tom said that he didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.
Tom said that he didn't want to wait for you.
Tom said that he didn't want to try doing that.
Tom said that he didn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't want to travel with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to think about it.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary that he lost so much money gambling.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary anything.
Tom said that he didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to you.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to me.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about work.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about school.
Tom said that he didn't want to talk about it.
Tom said that he didn't want to take any chances.
Tom said that he didn't want to study French.
Tom said that he didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay home all day.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Tom said he didn't want to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't want to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't want to sleep.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to see that movie.
Tom said that he didn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to say anything about that.
Tom said that he didn't want to play tennis with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Tom said that he didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Tom said that he didn't want to mow the lawn.
Tom said that he didn't want to mow the lawn until evening.
Tom said that he didn't want to make you do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary win.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he didn't want to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to leave.
Tom said that he didn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to invite Mary to his party.
Tom said that he didn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to help weed the garden.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us clean the garage out.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary with her homework.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that today.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to help Mary do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to go.
Tom said that he didn't want to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to the park with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to school today.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Tom said that he didn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go swimming with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go drinking with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go camping with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that he didn't want to give any more speeches.
Tom said that he didn't want to give a speech.
Tom said that he didn't want to get married.
Tom said that he didn't want to force you to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to fight.
Tom said that he didn't want to feed his dog dry dog food.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever go fishing with Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat the stew Mary made.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat right now.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat now.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom said that he didn't want to do this.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without Mary's help.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that without Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with you.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that that way.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that now.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that here.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that alone.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want to do that after dark.
Tom said that he didn't want to do it that way.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to do anything until it got light.
Tom said that he didn't want to dance.
Tom said that he didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to buy anything for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to borrow any money.
Tom said that he didn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to be alone with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to be a janitor.
Tom said that he didn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask you to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom said that he didn't want to argue.
Tom said that he didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want that to happen.
Tom said that he didn't want that to happen again.
Tom said that he didn't want me to worry.
Tom said that he didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to win.
Tom said that he didn't want me to wait.
Tom said that he didn't want me to wait for him.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary what happened.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't want me to tell Mary about what we did.
Tom said that he didn't want me to sing.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want me to help him do that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to go.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want me to do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to win.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to ever do that again.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom said that he didn't want anything.
Tom said that he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom said that he didn't want anything to drink.
Tom said that he didn't want anything from me.
Tom said that he didn't want anything for his birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want any of us to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want any of us to help him.
Tom said that he didn't want any more help.
Tom said that he didn't want a sandwich.
Tom said that he didn't want a party.
Tom said that he didn't want a party on his birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want a girlfriend.
Tom said that he didn't want a drink.
Tom said that he didn't wait very long.
Tom said that he didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom said that he didn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom said that he didn't understand what Mary said in French.
Tom said that he didn't understand anything.
Tom said he didn't think we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that's what we should be doing.
Tom said he didn't think that you'd do that.
Tom said he didn't think that you should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that would happen.
Tom said that he didn't think that would happen today.
Tom said he didn't think that we should be doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that really happened.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would win.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would really do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let you do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let me do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let John drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let John do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let him drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would let him do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would cry.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was asleep.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary should've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary liked to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary liked doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had to do that again.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had ever done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that very often.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could've done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could win.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could swim.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was possible.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said he didn't think that it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that I should do that.
Tom said he didn't think that I had the guts to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd win.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd ever do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said he didn't think that he'd do that.
Tom said he didn't think that he was very good at French.
Tom said he didn't think that he was ready to become a father.
Tom said he didn't think that he was good enough for you.
