Mary lost her umbrella.
Mary lost her passport.
Mary lost her car keys.
Mary looked at her dog.
Mary likes her new job.
Mary likes her new car.
Mary kept herself busy.
Mary just lost her job.
Mary isn't in her tent.
Mary isn't in her room.
Mary is shy, isn't she?
Mary is sad, isn't she?
Mary is past her prime.
Mary is on her own now.
Mary is old, isn't she?
Mary is now on her own.
Mary is making her bed.
Mary is in her room.
Mary is in her pajamas.
Mary is in her bedroom.
Mary is fat, isn't she?
Mary is doing her part.
Mary is doing her best.
Mary is all by herself.
Mary hurt her shoulder.
Mary hurt her left leg.
Mary hurt her left arm.
Mary hid under her bed.
Mary helped her father.
Mary held out her hand.
Mary held her hand out.
Mary has lost her keys.
Mary has done her best.
Mary had to go herself.
Mary had her palm read.
Mary gritted her teeth.
Mary got off her horse.
Mary got her car fixed.
Mary finished her beer.
Mary fell off her pony.
Mary dropped her phone.
Mary dropped her glass.
Mary does what she can.
Mary does her job well.
Mary died in her sleep.
Mary did it on her own.
Mary did it by herself.
Mary did all she could.
Mary covered her mouth.
Mary counted her money.
Mary corrected herself.
Mary closed her locker.
Mary clenched her fist.
Mary clapped her hands.
Mary checked her watch.
Mary checked her notes.
Mary changed her plans.
Mary canceled her trip.
Mary buttoned her coat.
Mary brushed her teeth.
Mary broke her promise.
Mary broke her glasses.
Mary altered her plans.
Mary admitted she lied.
Let Mary have her turn.
Does Mary like her job?
Does Mary dye her hair?
Ask Mary if she agrees.
Mary works on her own.
Mary wore herself out.
Mary will do her best.
Mary went to her room.
Mary wastes her money.
Mary washed her hands.
Mary vacuumed her car.
Mary unlocked her car.
Mary tuned her guitar.
Mary took off her wig.
Mary took off her hat.
Mary took off her cap.
Mary took her hat off.
Mary told Tom she won.
Mary told Tom her age.
Mary steadied herself.
Mary spit out her gum.
Mary sold Tom her car.
Mary skinned her knee.
Mary sipped her drink.
Mary set down her cup.
Mary says she's tired.
Mary says she's happy.
Mary says she's angry.
Mary says she'll wait.
Mary says she'll swim.
Mary says she'll sing.
Mary says she'll come.
Mary says she saw Tom.
Mary said she's tired.
Mary said she's ready.
Mary said she's broke.
Mary said she's bored.
Mary said she's angry.
Mary said she's alone.
Mary said she'll wait.
Mary said she'll sing.
Mary said she'd leave.
Mary said she'd do it.
Mary said she was mad.
Mary said Tom hit her.
Mary rose to her feet.
Mary removed her coat.
Mary ran for her life.
Mary raised her voice.
Mary raised her hands.
Mary put out her hand.
Mary put on her socks.
Mary put on her shoes.
Mary put on her boots.
Mary put her socks on.
Mary put her shoes on.
Mary put her shirt on.
Mary put her hands up.
Mary put her hand out.
Mary put her boots on.
Mary put down her pen.
Mary poisoned herself.
Mary opened her mouth.
Mary lost her mittens.
Mary lost her hearing.
Mary lost her glasses.
Mary lost her car key.
Mary lost her balance.
Mary lives by herself.
Mary knows her rights.
Mary knows I like her.
Mary kept her promise.
Mary kept her balance.
Mary keeps to herself.
Mary is in her office.
Mary is herself again.
Mary is OK, isn't she?
Mary hung up her coat.
Mary herself did that.
Mary held up her hand.
Mary hated her mother.
Mary has lost her key.
Mary has lost her job.
Mary has hurt her leg.
Mary has her own room.
Mary grabbed her keys.
Mary grabbed her coat.
Mary got on her horse.
Mary got off her bike.
Mary got into her car.
Mary gave me her word.
Mary gave me her card.
Mary enjoyed her stay.
Mary embraced her son.
Mary drank her coffee.
Mary did that herself.
Mary did her job well.
Mary did her homework.
Mary defended herself.
Mary covered her face.
Mary covered her eyes.
Mary covered her ears.
Mary closed her mouth.
Mary cleaned her room.
Mary changed her mind.
Mary brushed her hair.
Mary blinked her eyes.
Let Mary have her fun.
Is Mary in her office?
Did Mary kill herself?
Did Mary hurt herself?
Ask Mary where she is.
Ask Mary if she voted.
Tell Mary I miss her.
Mary went by herself.
Mary weighed herself.
Mary washed her face.
Mary totaled her car.
Mary told me she won.
Mary stubbed her toe.
Mary sipped her wine.
Mary signed her name.
Mary scalded her arm.
Mary says she's fine.
Mary says she's busy.
Mary sat at her desk.
Mary said she's well.
Mary said she's sick.
Mary said she's safe.
Mary said she's fine.
Mary said she's done.
Mary said she's cold.
Mary said she's busy.
Mary said she'd wait.
Mary said she'd help.
Mary said she'd come.
Mary said she was OK.
Mary said she snored.
Mary said she agreed.
Mary rubbed her eyes.
Mary raised her hand.
Mary put on her robe.
Mary put on her coat.
Mary put her coat on.
Mary packed her bags.
Mary opened her eyes.
Mary opened her book.
Mary nodded her head.
Mary needs her sleep.
Mary missed her stop.
Mary missed her kids.
Mary made it herself.
Mary lost her wallet.
Mary lost her ticket.
Mary lost her temper.
Mary lost her pencil.
Mary locked her door.
Mary lent me her car.
Mary knows her stuff.
Mary kept to herself.
Mary is in her prime.
Mary is her own boss.
Mary injured herself.
Mary honked her horn.
Mary herself said so.
Mary held her breath.
Mary has her reasons.
Mary has her own car.
Mary grabbed her bag.
Mary got to her feet.
Mary gave me her key.
Mary folded her arms.
Mary came by herself.
Mary burned her hand.
Mary broke her ankle.
Mary bites her nails.
Mary behaved herself.
Mary banged her knee.
Mary banged her head.
Mary waved her arms.
Mary tried her best.
Mary tied her shoes.
Mary sold her house.
Mary shook her head.
Mary sends her love.
Mary sat on her bed.
Mary sat by herself.
Mary said she's shy.
Mary said she's mad.
Mary said she'd win.
Mary said she'd try.
Mary ran to her car.
Mary put on her hat.
Mary put her hat on.
Mary pays her taxes.
Mary parked her car.
Mary opened her bag.
Mary needs her rest.
Mary loves her work.
Mary lost her voice.
Mary lost her phone.
Mary lost her money.
Mary locked her car.
Mary killed herself.
Mary keeps her word.
Mary is in her tent.
Mary is in her seat.
Mary is at her desk.
Mary hugged her dog.
Mary hanged herself.
Mary got in her car.
Mary dried her eyes.
Mary drank her wine.
Mary did it herself.
Mary did her chores.
Mary dented her car.
Mary cut her finger.
Mary burned herself.
Mary bowed her head.
Mary ate her dinner.
Mary ate by herself.
Isn't her name Mary?
Mary used her head.
Mary took her time.
Mary took her seat.
Mary shut her eyes.
Mary set her alarm.
Mary says she's OK.
Mary paid her bill.
Mary loves her job.
Mary loved her job.
Mary loved her dog.
Mary lost her mind.
Mary lost her land.
Mary lost her cool.
Mary kept her word.
Mary is on her way.
Mary is on her own.
Mary is by herself.
Mary hurt her knee.
Mary hid her money.
Mary held her nose.
Mary hates her job.
Mary fired her gun.
Mary fed her horse.
Mary dyes her hair.
Mary dyed her hair.
Mary broke her leg.
Mary broke her jaw.
Mary broke her arm.
Mary blew her nose.
Is Mary on her way?
Give Mary her keys.
Mary sold her car.
Mary shot herself.
Mary said she won.
Mary lost her job.
Mary lost her hat.
Mary hurt herself.
Mary hurt her leg.
Mary got her wish.
Mary did her part.
Mary did her best.
Mary ate her fill.
Mary got her way.
Mary cut herself.
Is she Mary?
You're planning to take pictures tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on taking pictures tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning to help tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on helping tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning to help again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on helping again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're not really planning to take pictures, are you?
You're not really planning on taking pictures, are you?
You're not really planning to help Tom, are you?
You're not really planning on helping Tom, are you?
You were planning to take pictures, weren't you?
You were planning on taking pictures, weren't you?
You were planning on helping us, weren't you?
You still plan to take pictures, don't you?
You still plan on taking pictures, don't you?
You still plan to join the team, don't you?
You still plan on joining the team, don't you?
You still plan to help us, don't you?
You still plan on helping us, don't you?
You still plan to help Tom, don't you?
You still plan on helping Tom, don't you?
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning to take pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on taking pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning to help him.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on helping him.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning to take pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning on taking pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning to join the team.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning on joining the team.
You plan to take pictures, don't you?
You plan to on taking pictures, don't you?
You plan to join the team, don't you?
You plan to on joining the team, don't you?
You plan on taking pictures, don't you?
You're planning on taking pictures, aren't you?
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning to take pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning on taking pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning to join the team.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning on joining the team.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning to take pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning on taking pictures.
You know that Tom is still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that both Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary both want to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan to join the team, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to take pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on taking pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You don't really plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't really plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't really plan to join the team, do you?
You don't really plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't plan to join the team, do you?
You don't plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't know how hard it was for Tom.
You don't know how difficult it was for Tom.
You didn't know if Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning to join the team, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning on joining the team, did you?
You can't imagine how hard it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how difficult it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how hard it is for Tom.
You can't imagine how difficult it is for Tom.
You can do whatever you want to do.
Without his glasses, Tom can't see anything.
Without an ID, Tom won't be able to find work.
Tom won't be able to find work without an ID.
Will anyone else be there?
Will anybody else be there?
Why isn't there anyone here?
Why isn't there anybody here?
Why doesn't Tom ever hug Mary?
Why does Tom never hug Mary?
Why does Tom like to do that?
Why does Tom like doing that?
Why do you want to buy Tom this hat?
Why do you want to buy this hat for Tom?
Why are you always so nice to everyone?
Why are you always so nice to everybody?
Who would want to live in a place like this?
Who'd want to live in a place like this?
Who would kiss Tom?
Who'd kiss Tom?
Who would hurt Tom?
Who'd hurt Tom?
Who told you Tom kissed Mary?
Who told you that Tom kissed Mary?
When Tom saw Mary kissing John, he got angry.
When is Tom planning to take pictures?
When is Tom planning on taking pictures?
When is Tom planning to eat?
When is Tom planning on eating?
When do you plan to take pictures?
When do you plan on taking pictures?
When are you planning to take pictures?
When are you planning on taking pictures?
What's the time, Tom?
Tom, what's the time?
What're your plans for tomorrow?
What're your plans for this afternoon?
What are your plans for this afternoon?
What'll Tom be doing in Boston?
What will Tom be doing in Boston?
What Tom is wearing is inappropriate.
What Tom is wearing isn't appropriate.
What Tom is planning to do is dangerous.
What Tom is planning on doing is dangerous.
What happened to Tom could've happened to anybody.
What does Tom plan on doing now?
What did you see exactly?
What are you doing wearing Tom's clothes?
Why are you wearing Tom's clothes?
What are you doing in Tom's clothes?
We've already started doing that.
We've already started to do that.
We're still planning to join the team.
We're still planning on joining the team.
We're planning to take pictures.
We're planning on taking pictures.
We're planning to take pictures tomorrow.
We're planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
We're planning to join the team.
We're planning on joining the team.
We plan to do that in the near future.
We plan on doing that in the near future.
We let Tom do whatever he wants.
We let Tom do whatever he wants to.
We didn't know if Tom would want to go with us or not.
We didn't know if Tom would want to eat with us or not.
Tom wouldn't tell anyone, would he?
Tom wouldn't tell anybody, would he?
Tom wouldn't talk to anyone.
Tom wouldn't speak to anyone.
Tom wouldn't speak to anybody.
Tom wouldn't allow that to happen.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anyone help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anybody help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anyone do that.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do that.
Tom wondered why everyone was staring at Mary.
Tom wondered why everybody was staring at Mary.
Tom wondered if Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wondered if Mary needed to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary needed to do that.
Tom wondered if Mary had to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary had to do that.
Tom wondered if he'd be safe here.
Tom wondered whether he'd be safe here.
Tom wondered if he should do that.
Tom wondered whether he should do that.
Tom wondered if he needed to do that.
Tom wondered whether he needed to do that.
Tom wondered if he had to do that.
Tom wondered whether he had to do that.
Tom won't likely buy ice cream.
Tom will unlikely buy ice cream.
Tom won't let anyone except Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anyone but Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anybody except Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anybody but Mary drive his car.
Tom won't hurt anyone.
Tom won't hurt anybody.
Tom won't hurt anyone else.
Tom won't hurt anybody else.
Tom won't hurt anyone again.
Tom won't hurt anybody again.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. Someone will have to help him.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. Somebody will have to help him.
Tom wired Mary some money.
Tom will have a hard time.
Tom will have a difficult time.
Tom will do that unless someone stops him.
Tom will do that unless somebody stops him.
Tom will do that if no one stops him.
Tom will do that if nobody stops him.
Tom will also buy Mary a pair of earrings.
Tom will also buy a pair of earrings for Mary.
Tom wasn't very nice to anyone.
Tom wasn't very nice to anybody.
Tom wasn't sure if he should do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he could do that or not.
Tom was very nice to everyone.
Tom was very nice to everybody.
Tom was sure that everyone saw Mary.
Tom was sure that everybody saw Mary.
Tom was planning to take pictures.
Tom was planning on taking pictures.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary was.
Tom was born on the 20th of October.
Tom was born on the twentieth of October.
Tom was aware that everyone was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at him.
Tom wants to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wants to throw all of this stuff away.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wants to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom wants someone to help Mary.
Tom wants somebody to help Mary.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for three hundred dollars.
Tom told me that he was planning to leave his wife.
Tom told me that he was planning on leaving his wife.
Tom told me someone was trying to kill Mary.
Tom told me somebody was trying to kill Mary.
Tom told me he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told me he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told me he plans to take pictures.
Tom told me he plans on taking pictures.
Tom told me he plans to join the team.
Tom told me he plans on joining the team.
Tom told me he had lied.
Tom told me that he had lied.
Tom told me he had a knife I could borrow.
Tom told me he had a knife that I could borrow.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to join the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on joining the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to help.
Tom told Mary he was planning to help.
Tom told Mary he was planning on helping.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to get married.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on getting married.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on helping.
Tom told Mary that he was going to give her his old guitar.
Tom told Mary that he was going to give his old guitar to her.
Tom told Mary she could eat anything she wanted.
Tom told Mary she could eat anything she wanted to.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan to buy anything.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan on buying anything.
Tom told everyone that Mary would be there.
Tom told everybody that Mary would be there.
Tom told everyone that Mary was there.
Tom told everybody that Mary was there.
Tom told everyone that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told everybody that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told everyone that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told everybody that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told everyone that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told everybody that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told everyone that Mary knew how to speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary knew how to speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary didn't like him.
Tom told everybody that Mary didn't like him.
Tom told everyone that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary could speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary could speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary could do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary could do that.
Tom thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't likely to do that.
Tom thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever lie to me again.
Tom swore he'd never lie to me again.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom started taking his shoes off.
Tom started taking off his shoes.
Tom sold Mary his old car.
Tom sold his old car to Mary.
Tom shouldn't have been walking in the park alone at night.
Tom shouldn't have been walking in the park by himself at night.
Tom should've bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom should've bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom should let Mary eat as much as she wants.
Tom should let Mary eat as much as she wants to.
Tom should do everything they tell him.
Tom should do everything they tell him to do.
Tom ought to do everything they tell him.
Tom ought to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom sent Mary the pictures he took at the picnic.
Tom sent the pictures he took at the picnic to Mary.
Tom says that he plans to take pictures.
Tom says that he plans on taking pictures.
Tom says Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Tom says Mary might forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Tom says Mary likes eating at Chuck's Diner.
Tom says Mary likes to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom says Mary is planning to take pictures tomorrow.
Tom says Mary is planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
Tom says Mary can eat anything she wants.
Tom says Mary can eat anything she wants to.
Tom says he's planning to take pictures.
Tom says he's planning on taking pictures.
Tom says he's planning to take pictures of Mary tomorrow.
Tom says he's planning on taking pictures of Mary tomorrow.
Tom says he's planning to live here for the rest of his life.
Tom says he's planning on living here for the rest of his life.
Tom says he's planning to buy Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning on buying Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom says he's planning on buying a gift for Mary.
Tom says he didn't plan to buy anything.
Tom says he didn't plan on buying anything.
Tom says he and Mary haven't yet discussed that.
Tom says he and Mary haven't discussed that yet.
Tom saw Mary having lunch with John.
Tom saw Mary eating lunch with John.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom said that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that, too.
Tom said that Mary would also do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that as well.
Tom said that Mary won't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary won't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning to go anywhere.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning on going anywhere.
Tom said that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said that Mary should've done that alone.
Tom said that Mary should've done that by herself.
Tom said that Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't have done that alone.
Tom said that Mary couldn't have done that by herself.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to buy anything.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on buying anything.
Tom said that he didn't really plan to buy anything.
Tom said that he didn't really plan on buying anything.
Tom said nobody else was willing to help Mary.
Tom said no one else was willing to help Mary.
Tom said nobody else could help Mary.
Tom said no one else could help Mary.
Tom said no one had done anything yet.
Tom said nobody had done anything yet.
Tom said no one could help Mary.
Tom said nobody could help Mary.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to buy anything for herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on buying anything for herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to eat lunch at Chuck's Diner.
Tom said Mary was planning on eating lunch at Chuck's Diner.
Tom said Mary told him he could eat anything in the fridge.
Tom said Mary told him he could eat anything in the refrigerator.
Tom said Mary likes driving.
Tom said Mary likes to drive.
Tom said Mary doesn't like to eat at fast food restaurants.
Tom said Mary doesn't like eating at fast food restaurants.
Tom said Mary didn't like eating out.
Tom said Mary didn't like to eat out.
Tom said he's not planning to buy anything.
Tom said he's not planning on buying anything.
Tom said he's not mad at Mary.
Tom said he isn't mad at Mary.
Tom said he wanted to spend some time alone.
Tom said he wanted to spend some time by himself.
Tom said he may walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said he might walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to help Mary.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to help Mary.
Tom said he'd been offered $3,000.
Tom said he'd been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom plans to walk home.
Tom plans on walking home.
Tom planned to stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom planned on staying in Boston for a few days.
Tom passed away Monday.
Tom no longer sits in the front of the classroom.
Tom doesn't sit in the front of the classroom anymore.
Tom never told Mary that he was married.
Tom never told Mary he was married.
Tom never tells anyone anything.
Tom never tells anybody anything.
Tom never planned to go back to Boston.
Tom never planned on going back to Boston.
Tom never had to walk anywhere when he was a kid.
Tom never had to walk anywhere when he was a child.
Tom needs to do everything they tell him.
Tom needs to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom needs someone to help him.
Tom needs someone to help him do that.
Tom needs somebody to help him do that.
Tom needed someone he could trust.
Tom needed somebody he could trust.
Tom needs somebody to help Mary.
Tom needed someone to help Mary.
Tom needs much more than three hundred dollars.
Tom needs a lot more than three hundred dollars.
Tom nearly died.
Tom must like walking.
Tom must like to walk.
Tom may want to walk home with you.
Tom might want to walk home with you.
Tom may not pass the test.
Tom might not pass the test.
Tom may not have to take the test.
Tom might not have to take the test.
Tom may not have died in the accident.
Tom might not have died in the accident.
Tom may need to walk home.
Tom might need to walk home.
Tom may kiss Mary today.
Tom might kiss Mary today.
Tom may join our team.
Tom might join our team.
Tom may help us today.
Tom might help us today.
Tom may have to walk home.
Tom might have to walk home.
Tom may have lied to us about that.
Tom might've lied to us about that.
Tom may have done this.
Tom might've done this.
Tom may go if he wants.
Tom may go if he wants to.
Tom may be missing Mary now.
Tom might be missing Mary now.
Tom may be lying.
Tom might be lying.
Tom made Mary some chicken soup.
Tom made some chicken soup for Mary.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows everything about everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows everything about everybody.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows each other.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows each other.
Tom likes to go for walks alone.
Tom likes to go for walks by himself.
Tom likes talking about his children.
Tom likes to talk about his children.
Tom knows who gave Mary that.
Tom knows who gave that to Mary.
Tom knows that I'm older than him.
Tom knows that I'm older than he is.
Tom knows nothing about Mary.
Tom knew why no one liked Mary.
Tom knew why nobody liked Mary.
Tom knew that somebody was following Mary.
Tom knew that someone was following Mary.
Tom isn't very nice to anyone.
Tom isn't very nice to anybody.
Tom isn't planning to come home for dinner.
Tom isn't planning on coming home for dinner.
Tom is very nice to everyone.
Tom is very nice to everybody.
Tom is sure that everyone saw Mary.
Tom is sure that everybody saw Mary.
Tom is rich, but he's not happy.
Tom is probably going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom is probably going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is probably going to be hard to get along with.
Tom is probably going to be difficult to get along with.
Tom is planning to major in zoology.
Tom is planning on majoring in zoology.
Tom is planning to have his house repainted.
Tom is planning on having his house repainted.
Tom is never going to hurt anyone again.
Tom is never going to hurt anybody again.
Tom is much more intelligent that Mary.
Tom is much more intelligent that Mary is.
Tom is looking for somebody to help Mary.
Tom is looking for someone to help Mary.
Tom is likely going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom is likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is hungry as well.
Tom is hungry, too.
Tom is going to tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's not busy.
Tom is going to tell Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom is going to tell Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom is going to stay here till next Monday.
Tom is going to stay here until next Monday.
Tom is going to do that unless someone stops him.
Tom is going to do that unless somebody stops him.
Tom is going to do that if no one stops him.
Tom is going to do that if nobody stops him.
Tom is fat and everyone makes fun of him.
Tom is fat and everybody makes fun of him.
Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophonist.
Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophone player.
Tom heard somebody calling his name.
Tom hasn't yet talked to Mary.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary yet.
Tom hasn't yet died.
Tom hasn't died yet.
Tom has to do everything they tell him.
Tom has to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom has lots of foreign stamps.
Tom has a lot of foreign stamps.
Tom has been very nice to everyone.
Tom has been very nice to everybody.
Tom has been planning to do that for months.
Tom has been planning on doing that for months.
Tom has been living in Boston since he was three.
Tom has been living in Boston since he was three years old.
Tom has been drinking wine since he was thirteen.
Tom has been drinking wine since he was thirteen years old.
Tom has already started doing that.
Tom has already started to do that.
Tom got home a little after Mary.
Tom got home a little after Mary did.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants to.
Tom gave Mary one of the puppies.
Tom gave one of the puppies to Mary.
Tom gave Mary an expensive watch.
Tom gave an expensive watch to Mary.
Tom gave all the money he had to Mary.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet.
Tom gave a diamond bracelet to Mary.
Tom fooled everyone.
Tom felt somebody touch his shoulder.
Tom felt someone touch his shoulder.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody now.
Tom doesn't trust anyone except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anyone but Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody but Mary.
Tom doesn't let anyone drive his car.
Tom doesn't let anybody drive his car.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't have a lot of friends.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day by himself.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day alone.
Tom didn't want anyone to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him doing that.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he was married.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was married.
Tom didn't see anybody else in the park.
Tom didn't say anything to anyone.
Tom didn't say anything to anybody.
Tom didn't plan to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't plan on going back to Boston.
Tom didn't know if Mary was telling him the truth or not.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was telling him the truth or not.
Tom didn't have a lot of friends.
Tom didn't have many friends.
Tom did the right thing, I think.
Tom did nothing else that day.
Tom didn't do anything else that day.
Tom decided to buy Mary a pearl necklace.
Tom decided to buy a pearl necklace for Mary.
Tom couldn't see anyone.
Tom couldn't open the jar, so he asked Mary to.
Tom couldn't open the jar, so he asked Mary to open it.
Tom couldn't find anyone to help Mary.
Tom couldn't find anybody to help Mary.
Tom couldn't find anyone to go with him, so he went by herself.
Tom couldn't find anybody to go with him, so he went by herself.
Tom could do nothing except wait.
Tom could do nothing but wait.
Tom bought Mary flowers and a box of chocolates.
Tom bought flowers and a box of chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought Mary a microscope.
Tom bought a microscope for Mary.
Tom blamed everyone except himself.
Tom blamed everybody except himself.
Tom became very drunk.
Tom appears to be waiting for somebody.
Tom apparently can speak French.
Tom can apparently speak French.
Tom and Mary were inseparable when they were kids.
Tom and Mary were inseparable when they were children.
Tom and Mary talked about their children.
Tom and Mary say they've already discussed that.
Tom and Mary say they've discussed that already.
Tom and Mary said no one had asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary said nobody had asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary both want to eat steak for dinner.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat steak for dinner.
Tom and Mary both sat in the front of the auditorium.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the auditorium.
Tom and Mary both plan to do that.
Tom and Mary both plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary both like chocolate ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary like chocolate ice cream.
Tom and Mary both lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary lied to us.
Tom and Mary both kissed John goodnight.
Both Tom and Mary kissed John goodnight.
Tom and Mary are planning to eat out tonight.
Tom and Mary are planning on eating out tonight.
Tom and Mary are both sitting over there.
Both Tom and Mary are sitting over there.
Tom and Mary are both here.
Both Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and I were like brothers when we were kids.
Tom and I were like brothers when we were children.
Tom and I have discussed that already.
Tom and I have already discussed that.
Tom and I don't have a lot in common.
There are no stores near my house.
There aren't any stores near my house.
The snow has already melted.
The snow has melted already.
The problem is that we don't know whether we can trust Tom or not.
Sooner or later, I'll get around to doing that.
I'll get around to doing that sooner or later.
Someone other than Tom did that.
Somebody other than Tom did that.
Someone is waiting for Tom.
Somebody is waiting for Tom.
Someone broke into Tom's office last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's office last night.
Please tell Tom I'll be late.
Please tell Tom that I'll be late.
Please make sure we have enough food for everybody.
Over the years, Tom has bought Mary a lot of jewelry.
Over the years, Tom has bought a lot of jewelry for Mary.
Not everyone likes doing this.
Not everybody likes doing this.
Not everyone can do that.
Not everybody can do that.
Normally, someone else does this for us.
Normally, somebody else does this for us.
No one's ever asked me that question before.
Nobody's ever asked me that question before.
No one seems to care about my problems.
Nobody seems to care about my problems.
No one knows exactly where Tom will go.
Nobody knows exactly where Tom will go.
No one kisses Tom anymore.
Nobody kisses Tom anymore.
No one kissed Tom.
Nobody kissed Tom.
No one is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
Nobody is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
No one hugs Tom anymore.
Nobody hugs Tom anymore.
No one hugged Tom.
Nobody hugged Tom.
No one has ever kissed Tom.
Nobody has ever kissed Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried to do that.
Mary told me that she wanted Tom to buy a necklace for her.
Mary told me that she wanted Tom to buy her a necklace.
Mary told everyone that she was Tom's wife.
Mary told everybody that she was Tom's wife.
Mary said that Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary said Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary said she was planning to visit an old boyfriend in Boston.
Mary said she was planning on visiting an old boyfriend in Boston.
Let's buy Tom a baseball glove.
Let's buy a baseball glove for Tom.
Let Tom know I'll be late.
Let Tom know that I'll be late.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's not likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It isn't likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's so simple even a child could do it.
It's so simple that even a child could do it.
It's probably going to be hard to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for you to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for you to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's not going to ever happen anymore.
It's not ever going to happen anymore.
It's going to be very hard get there on time.
It's going to be very difficult get there on time.
It's going to be harder than you think.
It's going to be more difficult than you think.
It's going to be hard to persuade Tom.
It's going to be difficult to persuade Tom.
It's going to be hard to get them to give us a discount.
It's going to be difficult to get them to give us a discount.
It's going to be hard to forget you.
It's going to be difficult to forget you.
It's going to be hard to find someone to do that.
It's going to be difficult to find someone to do that.
It's going to be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It's going to be difficult to find someone to do that for you.
It's going to be hard to find somebody to do that for you.
It's going to be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
It's going to be hard to find a job now.
It's going to be difficult to find a job now.
It's going to be hard to figure out what caused the problem.
It's going to be difficult to figure out what caused the problem.
It's going to be hard to do that.
It's going to be hard to do that that way.
It's going to be difficult to do that that way.
It's going to be hard to do that now.
It's going to be difficult to do that now.
It's going to be hard to determine what caused the problem.
It's going to be difficult to determine what caused the problem.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to sing.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to sing.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to sell his house.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to sell his house.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to go with us.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to go with us.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom not to do that.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom not to do that.
It's going to be hard for Tom to win.
It's going to be difficult for Tom to win.
It's going to be hard for Tom to do that.
It's going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's going to be hard for me to do that.
It's going to be difficult for me to do that.
It won't be so hard to do that.
It won't be so difficult to do that.
It sounds like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It seems that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It seems that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
It seems that Tom and Mary both like classical music.
It seems like Tom and Mary like doing that together.
It seems like Tom and Mary like to do that together.
It looks like Tom is waiting for somebody.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to leave.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to leave.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It looks both like Tom and Mary have left.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both left.
Is it true that both Tom and Mary want to do that?
Is it true that Tom and Mary both want to do that?
If Tom couldn't do that, no one will be able to.
If Tom couldn't do that, nobody will be able to.
If both Tom and Mary want me to do that, I will.
If Tom and Mary both want me to do that, I will.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anyone here yet.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anybody here yet.
I'm worried that Tom may not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm worried that Tom might not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm sure Tom lied to you.
I'm sure that Tom lied to you.
I'm sure Tom did the best he could.
I'm sure that Tom did the best he could.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary are OK.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are both OK.
I'm pretty sure Tom is now in Boston.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in Boston now.
I'm not sure Tom would let anyone help Mary.
I'm not sure Tom would let anybody help Mary.
I'm not sure that's what both Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary both want.
I'm not sure that both Tom and Mary want to go there.
I'm not sure that Tom and Mary both want to go there.
I'm glad we could do that for Tom.
I'm glad we were able to do that for Tom.
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget to.
I'll tell Tom to come if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom to come if I don't forget to.
I'll tell Tom about the meeting if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom about the meeting if I don't forget to.
I'll phone you as soon as I arrive in Boston.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to Boston.
I'll need to do that eventually.
I'll eventually need to do that.
I'll have to do that eventually.
I'll eventually have to do that.
I'll give these books to anyone wants them.
I'll give these books to anybody wants them.
I'll do that if both Tom and Mary want me to.
I'll do that if Tom and Mary both want me to.
I'll do that again if both Tom and Mary want me to.
I'll do that again if Tom and Mary both want me to.
I'll be there as soon as I possible.
I'll be there as soon as I can get there.
I'd never try doing that by myself.
I'd like to know what you're planning to do.
I'd like to know what you're planning on doing.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom is.
I wonder whether both Tom and Mary like doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary both like to do that.
I wonder whether both Tom and Mary have left.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary have both left.
I wonder if Tom will notice the difference.
I wonder whether Tom will notice the difference.
I wonder if Tom really kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom really kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder if Tom really did that by himself.
I wonder if Tom really did that alone.
I wonder if Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder if Tom kissed Mary goodnight last night.
I wonder whether Tom kissed Mary goodnight last night.
I wonder if Tom and Mary would want to sing with us.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary would want to sing with us.
I wonder if somebody could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if someone could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if somebody could tell me what I should do.
I wonder if someone could tell me what I should do.
I wonder if both Tom and Mary have left.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have both left.
I wonder if both Tom and Mary have done that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have both done that.
I won't let anybody hurt Tom.
I want to know whether you've heard from Tom.
I want to know whether you've been talking to Tom.
I want to know whether Tom will be here this afternoon.
I told you I don't know if Tom will tell the truth or not.
I told you I don't know whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning to do.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning on doing.
I think Tom might have a drinking problem.
I think Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I think Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I think Tom and Mary like playing tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary like to play tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary are both single.
I think both Tom and Mary are single.
I think that's not going to happen today.
I don't think that's going to happen today.
I think that's not going to happen soon.
I don't think that's going to happen soon.
I think that won't happen.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary want you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both want you to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary want to come with us.
I think Tom and Mary both want to come with us.
I think both Tom and Mary want something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary both want something to eat.
I think both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I think Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I think both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
I think Tom and Mary both have lied to us.
I think both Tom and Mary have given up hope.
I think Tom and Mary have both given up hope.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have been crying.
I think Tom and Mary have both been crying.
I think both Tom and Mary are tired.
I think Tom and Mary are both tired.
I think both Tom and Mary are sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are both sorry.
I think both Tom and Mary are smart.
I think Tom and Mary are both smart.
I think both Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I think both Tom and Mary are sick.
I think Tom and Mary are both sick.
I think both Tom and Mary are shy.
I think Tom and Mary are both shy.
I think both Tom and Mary are safe.
I think Tom and Mary are both safe.
I think both Tom and Mary are right.
I think Tom and Mary are both right.
I think both Tom and Mary are ready.
I think Tom and Mary are both ready.
I think Tom and Mary are both lying.
I think both Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary are both here.
I think both Tom and Mary are funny.
I think Tom and Mary are both funny.
I think both Tom and Mary are drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are both drunk.
I think both Tom and Mary are crazy.
I think Tom and Mary are both crazy.
I think both Tom and Mary are busy.
I think Tom and Mary are both busy.
I think both Tom and Mary are bored.
I think Tom and Mary are both bored.
I think both Tom and Mary are blind.
I think Tom and Mary are both blind.
I think both Tom and Mary are awake.
I think Tom and Mary are both awake.
I sometimes walk to work and sometimes ride my bike.
I sometimes walk to work and I sometimes ride my bike.
I rarely drive my father's car.
I hardly ever drive my father's car.
I ran into Tom in Boston last week.
I ran into Tom last week in Boston.
I plan to go home for Christmas.
I plan on going home for Christmas.
I plan to drive my sports car today.
I plan on driving my sports car today.
I plan to be here until about 2:30.
I plan on being here until about 2:30.
I plan on lying to Tom about where we went.
I plan to lie to Tom about where we went.
I never used to kiss Tom goodbye in the morning, but I do now.
I used to never kiss Tom goodbye in the morning, but I do now.
I need someone to help me do that.
I need somebody to help me do that.
I may need to tell Tom about that.
I might need to tell Tom about that.
I may need to lie to Tom about that.
I might need to lie to Tom about that.
I may have to tell Tom about that.
I might have to tell Tom about that.
I may have to lie to Tom about that.
I might have to lie to Tom about that.
I may drive to Boston.
I might drive to Boston.
I like how you do that.
I know that Tom will help me do that.
I know Tom better than anyone else does.
I know Tom better than anybody else does.
I know that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I know that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
I know that Tom and Mary both like classical music.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been sick.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I know how busy both Tom and Mary have been.
I know how busy Tom and Mary have both been.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave soon.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave soon.
I know both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I know Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I know both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I know Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I know both Tom and Mary have done that.
I know Tom and Mary have both done that.
I know both Tom and Mary have been injured.
I know Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I know both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I know Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I know both Tom and Mary are unhappy.
I know Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I know both Tom and Mary are rich.
I know Tom and Mary are both rich.
I hope no one goes home hungry.
I hope nobody goes home hungry.
I hope it's not too hot tomorrow.
I hope it isn't too hot tomorrow.
I hope it's not too cold tomorrow.
I hope it isn't too cold tomorrow.
I hope both Tom and Mary have a good time.
I hope Tom and Mary both have a good time.
I hope both Tom and Mary are coming.
I hope Tom and Mary are both coming.
I hear both Tom and Mary have resigned.
I hear Tom and Mary have both resigned.
I hear both Tom and Mary have quit school.
I hear Tom and Mary have both quit school.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a kid.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a child.
I grew up in a small town where everyone knows each other.
I grew up in a small town where everybody knows each other.
I gave thirty dollars to Tom.
I gave Tom a couple of apples.
I gave a couple of apples to Tom.
I found out both Tom and Mary like romance novels.
I found out Tom and Mary both like romance novels.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go camping with us or not.
I don't think anyone does that.
I don't think anybody does that.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like to.
I don't read as much as I'd like to.
I don't read as many books as I'd like to.
I don't know if you'd remember Tom or not.
I don't know if what Tom said is true or not.
I don't know whether what Tom said is true or not.
I don't know if we can help Tom or not.
I don't know whether we can help Tom or not.
I don't know whether we can do that without Tom's permission.
I don't know whether Tom works there or not.
I don't know if Tom will tell the truth or not.
I don't know whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I don't know if Tom will eat with us or not.
I don't know whether Tom will come tomorrow or not.
I don't know if Tom will come by car or by bicycle.
I don't know if Tom will be here tonight or not.
I don't know if Tom will agree to go or not.
I don't know if Tom will agree to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom still lives in Boston or not.
I don't know whether Tom still lives in Boston or not.
I don't know if Tom is angry or not.
I don't know whether Tom is angry or not.
I don't know if Tom has done that yet or not.
I don't know whether Tom has done that yet or not.
I didn't know whether Tom would do that or not.
I didn't know if Tom would come by car or by bicycle.
I didn't know if Tom would agree to go or not.
I didn't know if Tom would agree to do that or not.
I can't help but wonder whether Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I can't believe that Tom did that.
I can't believe both Tom and Mary have gone.
I can't believe Tom and Mary have both gone.
I can prove Tom lied.
I can prove that Tom lied.
How much water does it take to fill your swimming pool?
How much water does it take to fill up your swimming pool?
How many pictures does Tom plan to take?
How many pictures does Tom plan on taking?
How many pictures do you plan to take?
How many pictures do you plan on taking?
How many pictures do are you planning to take?
How many pictures do are you planning on taking?
How many kilos have you lost?
How many kilograms have you lost?
How many kilos have you lost so far?
How many kilograms have you lost so far?
How many kilos has Tom lost?
How many kilograms has Tom lost?
How many kilos has Tom lost so far?
How many kilograms has Tom lost so far?
How many kilos do you want to lose?
How many kilograms do you want to lose?
How many kilos do you think I need to lose?
How many kilograms do you think I need to lose?
How many kilos did you lose?
How many kilograms did you lose?
How many kilos did you lose last month?
How many kilograms did you lose last month?
How many kilos did you actually lose?
How many kilograms did you actually lose?
How many kilos did Tom lose?
How many kilograms did Tom lose?
How many kilos did Tom lose last summer?
How many kilograms did Tom lose last summer?
How long do you plan to help?
How long do you plan on helping?
How does Tom plan on paying for this?
How does Tom plan on paying for that?
How do you know Tom kissed Mary?
How do you know that Tom kissed Mary?
Have you given anyone a gift recently?
Have you given anybody a gift recently?
Have Tom and Mary both already eaten?
Have both Tom and Mary already eaten?
Finding Tom wasn't hard.
Finding Tom wasn't difficult.
Everyone went home disappointed.
Everybody went home disappointed.
Everyone was there except Tom.
Everybody was there except Tom.
Everyone needs to feel loved.
Everybody needs to feel loved.
Everybody knows you.
Everyone knows Tom lied.
Everybody knows Tom lied.
Everyone hugged Tom.
Everybody hugged Tom.
Everyone here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everybody here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everyone at school knows Tom.
Everybody at school knows Tom.
Don't tell anyone else what I just told you.
Don't tell anybody else what I just told you.
Do you think anyone would mind if I did that?
Do you think anyone would mind if I parked my car here?
Do you plan to let Tom drive?
Do you plan on letting Tom drive?
Do Tom and Mary both eat meat?
Do both Tom and Mary eat meat?
Didn't you know both Tom and Mary like watching baseball on TV?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary both like watching baseball on TV?
Did anyone kiss Tom?
Did anybody kiss Tom?
Did anyone hug Tom?
Did anybody hug Tom?
Did anyone else hug Tom?
Did anybody else hug Tom?
Both Tom and Mary will get fired if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary will both get fired if they don't do that.
Both Tom and Mary will eat lunch with us.
Tom and Mary both will eat lunch with us.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat strawberry ice cream.
Tom and Mary both want to eat strawberry ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary used to do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary both used to do that when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the classroom.
Tom and Mary both sat in the front of the classroom.
Both Tom and Mary plan to do that.
Both Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
Both Tom and Mary hugged John.
Tom and Mary both hugged John.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Tom and Mary have both lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary have already eaten.
Tom and Mary have both already eaten.
Both Tom and Mary ate lunch with us.
Tom and Mary both ate lunch with us.
Both Tom and I lied to you.
Tom and I both lied to you.
A year ago Monday, Tom moved to Boston.
Tom moved to Boston a year ago Monday.
I think Tom will be able to buy a pair of ice skates his size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Tom may be able to buy the kind of shoes he's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
It's going to take longer to tell you how to do that than to just go ahead and do it myself.
"Would you like to go to a movie this weekend?" "I'm sorry I can't, but thanks for asking."
It's going to take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless he lent me $30.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed for less than $30.
It's going to take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It's going to take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
How would you feel if you saw someone romantically kissing your girlfriend?
People see things differently depending on whether they're rich or poor.
It's going to take at least one more hour to finish writing this report.
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to finish writing the report?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a pink blouse and a red skirt.
Mary was the only other girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take at least another hour to finish writing this report.
I usually wake up at about six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I can't speak French fluently yet, but I can understand it fairly well.
How many days do you think it'll take you to finish writing the report?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:in the afternoon?
Mary is the only other girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take a long time to do everything that needs to be done.
I usually get up at six, but this morning I didn't get up until eight.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom graduate from college?
It's going to take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight.
I think you should lie to the police about where you were that night.
The twins look so much alike that it's difficult to tell them apart.
Mary wasn't the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's probably going to take you about three hours to read this book.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
It's going to take me a long time to do all the things I want to do.
It's going to cost us a lot of money to put a new roof on our house.
If we don't find water we can drink, we won't survive on his island.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom about where you spent the weekend.
Mary isn't the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
It's going to cost you a fortune to buy the kind of house you want.
How much are we going to have to pay Tom to babysit for us tonight?
How many weeks do you think Tom will be traveling around Australia?
How long does it usually take to you to get to work in the morning?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't eat the ham sandwich he made for her?
Did you really think I'd never find out about what you and Tom did?
Mary's boyfriend saw her dancing with another guy and got jealous.
It doesn't seem fair not to pay Tom the same as we're paying Mary.
Does Tom really think he's the only one here who can speak French?
When was the last time you read a bedtime story to your children?
The weather's nice and it's our day off, so let's go on a picnic.
It's going to take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It's going to take me more than three hours to finish doing this.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't understand French.
I don't think Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to finish his homework?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to build a doghouse?
After failing to make the Olympic team, Tom retired from fencing.
Mary is the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take you a few weeks to get used to wearing a wig.
It's going to take a little time to get used to wearing glasses.
It's going to be a long time before I can afford to buy a house.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether you do that or not.
I wonder if you could tell me what time Tom usually goes to bed.
I wanted to hug you, but I knew it would embarrass you if I did.
I think you should tell Tom why you won't go to Boston with him.
I suggest that you lie to Tom about where you spent the weekend.
I know Tom lives on Park Street, but I'm not exactly sure where.
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to build a doghouse?
How many more hours do you think Tom will be willing to help us?
Tom told Mary she should lie about who she went to Boston with.
Tom thinks Mary will lie to John about what happened yesterday.
Tom takes care of Mary's daughter whenever Mary goes to Boston.
Tom studied French after dinner while his mother washed dishes.
Tom says he doesn't think he can help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he's pretty sure that Mary has seen John do that.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating at a picnic table in the park.
Tom said he thought there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't want to.
Tom probably won't be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant and got a ticket.
Tom just closed his eyes and tried to ignore what was going on.
Tom isn't going to be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom is likely going to go to Boston during his summer vacation.
Tom is likely going to be too busy to do that until after 2:30.
Tom is going to eventually figure out it was Mary who did that.
Tom didn't like Mary at all when they were both in high school.
Tom called Mary to tell her he wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston where they opened an antique shop.
How long do you think it would take us to get to Boston by car?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom speaks perfect French, but his native language is English.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself on the bench next to the pond.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in going to Boston with us.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't eat the soup if it had meat in it.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Tom probably won't be able to help you clean the garage today.
Tom knows that he should do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom knows that he has to do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom is probably going to get injured if he does that that way.
Tom is probably going to be doing that early tomorrow morning.
Tom is likely to lie to Mary about where he spent the weekend.
Tom is likely going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom is likely going to be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is going to provide you with all the information you need.
Tom is going to need at least $to buy everything he needs.
Tom is going to leave for Boston first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to be finished doing that by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be arriving tomorrow at 2:in the afternoon.
Tom finished reading the letter and put it in his desk drawer.
Tom and Mary have parties at their home several times a month.
Tom and Mary are probably never going to see each other again.
My parents died in an automobile accident when I was thirteen.
Mary isn't the sort of girl who would do what you say she did.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's going to take you at least three days to finish this job.
I'm sure I'll eventually go to Boston. I just don't know when.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is aware that Mary has been arrested.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive your car again.
How many women have you talked to since you got out of prison?
How many hours a week do you help out at the homeless shelter?
You really should lie to Tom about where you were last night.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom was walking so fast that Mary couldn't catch up with him.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late for dinner.
Tom said something to Mary, but I couldn't hear what he said.
Tom said he thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary didn't have to eat anything she didn't want to.
Tom promised me he'd buy me something to eat on the way home.
Tom noticed Mary's new hairstyle, but he didn't say anything.
Tom knows you didn't eat any of the cookies he baked for you.
Tom knew Mary was looking for him, so he hid in the basement.
Tom isn't going to be able to help us paint the garage today.
Tom is the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom is probably going to figure out it was Mary who did that.
Tom is going to have to ask Mary to do that for us, isn't he?
Tom is going to buy his mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom is going to be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom is going to be disappointed if you don't go to his party.
Tom has been looking forward to spending some time with Mary.
Tom couldn't help us today, because he was busy helping Mary.
Tom and Mary talked on the phone with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary take a walk together after dinner every evening.
Tom and Mary started doing that when they were both thirteen.
Tom and Mary helped their mother decorate the Christmas tree.
That's an interesting idea, but I don't think we can do that.
Mary doesn't like it when her boyfriend kisses her in public.
Mary called her mother and told her she'd be late for dinner.
It's going to take Tom three hours to finish what he's doing.
It's going to be difficult to complete this report by Monday.
If I'm not home when you get there, please wait on the porch.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't want to drive.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
I don't think Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't have to go into the office until 2:this afternoon.
Apparently, that's the only way we can get that done in time.
Tom will probably feel better once he gets something to eat.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but he never came.
Tom was shocked when he learned that Mary had been arrested.
Tom wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told him not to.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't eat the stew if it had pork in it.
Tom thought that the best solution was to ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he wanted me to help him paint his garage tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't like.
Tom refused to tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom is probably going to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Tom is never going to understand why we want him to do this.
Tom is never going to understand why we want him to do that.
Tom is likely going to be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom is going to keep doing that if someone doesn't stop him.
Tom is going to get into trouble if he eats all the cookies.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he eats all the ice cream.
Tom is going to get himself killed if he's not more careful.
Tom is going to be staying with us for the next three weeks.
Tom decided not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom called to let me know he wouldn't be coming to my party.
Tom and Mary will be leaving for Australia tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary are likely never going to see each other again.
There's something on that shelf that both Tom and Mary want.
The weather's nice and it's my day off, so I'm going hiking.
The picnic was held in the gymnasium because it was raining.
Ninety percent of the time Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was ready to become a father.
If Tom doesn't get an A on the test, his mother will be mad.
I think you should let Tom know that you've never done that.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't speak French.
I don't think Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
How many times a week does Tom help at the homeless shelter?
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom would've let you drive if you'd told him you wanted to.
Tom will tell Mary everything he knows about the situation.
Tom will lose his job if he keeps showing up late for work.
Tom was playing basketball this afternoon with his friends.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't eat the rest of the ice cream.
Tom tried to pick up Mary's suitcase, but it was too heavy.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria, eating lunch.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had been told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she was supposed to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still waiting in the lobby.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom said he thought there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary didn't want to eat Chinese food this evening.
Tom recognized Mary as soon as she walked through the door.
Tom is probably going to get hurt if he does that that way.
Tom is probably going to be ready by the time we get there.
Tom is probably going to be drunk by the time we get there.
Tom is never going to understand why people don't like him.
Tom is never going to live up to his parents' expectations.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without your help.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without some help.
Tom is likely going to be finished doing that before lunch.
Tom is going to help you as soon as he finishes doing that.
Tom is going to have to do that even if he doesn't want to.
Tom is going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel next Monday.
Tom has been working as a plumber for the last three years.
Tom has asked Mary not to eat anything in his refrigerator.
Tom has agreed to babysit our children next Monday evening.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office tomorrow morning.
Tom did his best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Tom bought an old ambulance and converted it into a camper.
Tom announced that he'd be retiring at the end of the year.
Tom and Mary were supposed to meet each other in the lobby.
Tom and Mary say they want to have at least three children.
Tom and Mary have three children under the age of thirteen.
The only language I can speak other than French is English.
It's just not going to be possible for us to do that today.
It's hard to believe that Tom would do something like that.
It's going to take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It's going to take a little time to get used to doing this.
It's going to be a long time before I try doing that again.
It wasn't clear on Monday whether Tom would do that or not.
If I'm not home when you get there, just wait on the porch.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I was the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I have a sore throat, so I don't know if I can sing or not.
How much money will it cost us to get that book translated?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will help us for free?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
How many hours do you think it took Tom paint this picture?
How different is driving a truck compared to driving a car?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you want?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you need?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary were going to be there.
Tom wouldn't be helping us today if Mary hadn't asked him.
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to teach him how to drive.
Tom wasn't waiting for Mary where he said he'd be waiting.
Tom was shocked when he heard that Mary had been arrested.
Tom was only three years old when he first came to Boston.
Tom wanted to remind Mary not to forget about the meeting.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he couldn't find her.
Tom took care of Mary's daughter while Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me yesterday that he wouldn't be at school today.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her clean up after the party.
Tom told Mary she should lie about when she was in Boston.
Tom told Mary he usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was actually awake.
Tom takes the dog for a walk every afternoon after school.
Tom shouted as loud as he could, but Mary didn't hear him.
Tom saw Mary eating by herself at a table near the window.
Tom said that he wasn't responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be concerned about that.
Tom said that Mary didn't attend this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that Mary could've probably done that by herself.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom knows Mary will probably be hungry when she gets home.
Tom knew that Mary would be drunk by the time he got home.
Tom is probably not going to have any fun at Mary's party.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom is probably going to sing that new song he just wrote.
Tom is probably going to go swimming again this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without our help.
Tom is likely going to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary wants to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to accept your offer.
Tom is going to talk to Mary about that when he gets here.
Tom is going to feel better once he gets something to eat.
Tom is going to be waiting for me in front of the station.
Tom is going to be visiting family in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to be cold if he doesn't wear a heavier coat.
Tom has promised to buy some donuts on the way home today.
Tom has had a long day and he's too tired to help you now.
Tom has been playing guitar with our band for three years.
Tom didn't want to help us today, but he helped us anyway.
Tom convinced himself that what he was doing wasn't wrong.
Tom and Mary will sit at the same table as John and Alice.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to eat anything I make for them.
Tom and Mary are going to eat dinner with us this evening.
The table I'm planning to give away is in the living room.
The police officer handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
My parents died in an automobile accident three years ago.
It's going to take us at least three hours to finish this.
It's going to take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
In case of rain, the picnic will be held in the gymnasium.
In 2013, Tom retired from boxing and returned to teaching.
If you do that this way, you'll be able to save some time.
I can't force you to do that, but you really should do it.
How old were you when you and Tom first kissed each other?
How much do you think I should pay Tom to rotate my tires?
How much did Tom pay you to help him clean out his garage?
Have you told Tom why he shouldn't be doing that that way?
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk anyway.
Do you think Tom was the one who taught Mary how to drive?
Could you tell me what time the meeting is going to start?
When Tom told Mary that he'd kissed Alice, she got upset.
Tom, Mary and their children went to Boston last weekend.
Tom's house is a five-minute walk from the train station.
Tom went into the kitchen to help his mother make dinner.
Tom used the money Mary gave him to buy something to eat.
Tom told me he wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to help her today.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach Alice how to drive.
Tom told Mary he didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Tom thinks Mary will want to eat Mexican food for dinner.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had broken the window.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really a Canadian.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was in Boston anymore.
Tom said that Mary would probably be too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary was going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said he thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said he thought Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thinks his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said he didn't think he was ready to become a father.
Tom ought to tell Mary not to eat the fruit on that tree.
Tom knows there are plenty of people who agree with Mary.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't eat anything with nuts in it.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom is probably going to be very tired when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be in Boston two or three years.
Tom is probably going to be able to answer your question.
Tom is likely going to be retired by this time next year.
Tom is going to have plenty of time to do that next week.
Tom is going to have a party at his place Monday evening.
Tom is going to go back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom is going to be staying here with us for three months.
Tom is almost certainly going to be at the party tonight.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't eat the last slice of pizza.
Tom has been trying to figure out how to make Mary happy.
Tom has been on vacation with his family for a few weeks.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston to visit her parents.
Tom didn't know Mary had eaten the whole cake by herself.
Tom convinced himself that he hadn't done anything wrong.
Tom called his wife and told her he'd be late for dinner.
Tom and Mary know John didn't eat breakfast this morning.
Tom and Mary have been dating off and on for three years.
The store you're talking about is located on Park Street.
Please buy a couple of bottles of red wine for the party.
It's going to be easy to find someone to do that for you.
I've only met Mary once, but she seemed like a nice girl.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I wonder if you could tell me what Tom's phone number is.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't like Mary.
I heard that Tom will play tennis with us this afternoon.
I haven't seen Tom since we were in high school together.
I ended up telling Tom what Mary told me not to tell him.
I don't like lying, but sometimes I think it's necessary.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that with Mary.
How much money do you estimate will be needed to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How long do you think it would take me to read this book?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to drive?
Do you really think Tom would forget something like that?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary don't like chocolate?
At the end of the season, Tom retired from football.
Apparently, that's the only way Tom knows how to do that.
You don't need to buy any sugar. We already have plenty.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what the problem is?
Where were you on October 20th at 2:in the afternoon?
When Tom heard about what happened, he started laughing.
We've been waiting for you to tell us what we should do.
Tom, Mary and John all live with their father in Boston.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night.
Tom will hurt himself if he's not a little more careful.
Tom walked into the room, carrying a bouquet of flowers.
Tom used to hang up the laundry, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom told Mary he didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom thought Mary had lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom says he thinks Mary ate dinner with John last night.
Tom said that he wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was very glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was just about to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably be willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably be too shy to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be unwilling to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at playing the piano.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at playing the flute.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was enjoying himself.
Tom said he'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom said he'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom said he thought Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom often sleeps on the train on his way home from work.
Tom knew that Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom is probably going to still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is probably going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom is probably going to finish what he's doing by 2:30.
Tom is most likely going to be the first one to show up.
Tom is likely going to only sleep for about three hours.
Tom is likely going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is likely going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is going to need at least $to buy what he needs.
Tom is going to live in Boston for at least three years.
Tom is going to have to work late every night this week.
Tom is going to be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom heard a couple of students talking in the classroom.
Tom has until October 20th to finish writing the report.
Tom has been waiting all afternoon for Mary to get home.
Tom has been trying to get a hold of Mary all afternoon.
Tom has a French test tomorrow that he has to study for.
Tom didn't know Mary would eat the whole pie by herself.
Tom came to Boston for the first time when he was three.
Tom and Mary were playing tennis together earlier today.
Tom and Mary send each other Christmas cards every year.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston and opened an antique shop.
Tom and Mary had lunch together in the school cafeteria.
Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia tomorrow morning.
On my days off, I often sit in the park and read a book.
Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever met.
Mary is a good-looking girl, but she's not too friendly.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that.
It's going to take some time to get used to living here.
It's going to take me a long time to get over this cold.
It's going to be impossible to do that, don't you think?
It's going to be impossible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
If you ask Tom to lend you some money, he probably will.
I'd rather not lie to my parents about where we've been.
I was waiting for you to tell me what needed to be done.
I think we shouldn't let Tom hang out with Mary anymore.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure I want to marry him.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that for Mary.
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?
How much money do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
How long do you think it would take you to mow our lawn?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that for Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to Mary?
Do you know whether or not Tom will sing for us tonight?
Are you certain it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Apparently, Tom will be going to a university in Boston.
Tom's house is only about a five-minute walk from here.
Tom would prefer to study French with a native speaker.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom will be mad at Mary when he finds out what she did.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom walks his dog every morning before he goes to work.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged by three men.
Tom told me that he and Mary were going to get married.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach him how to drive.
Tom told Mary he thought they should get back together.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he was very sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked him very much.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that many times.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat either of her sandwiches.
Tom said he'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said he'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom said he was going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom said he thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom noticed Mary's car parked in front of John's house.
Tom needed to go back to his house to get his passport.
Tom left his apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Tom isn't the only one who knows what happened to Mary.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
Tom isn't as interested in doing that as he used to be.
Tom is trying to figure out how he can make Mary happy.
Tom is probably going to walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom is probably going to to be excused from doing that.
Tom is probably going to tell you the same thing I did.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom is probably going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is probably going to be late for work this morning.
Tom is probably going to be exhausted after doing that.
Tom is never going to have to worry about going hungry.
Tom is looking forward to spending some time with Mary.
Tom is hoping Mary won't eat the rest of the ice cream.
Tom is going to try to finish writing the report today.
Tom is going to take a walk in the park this afternoon.
Tom is going to be out of the office until next Monday.
Tom is going to be making more money than me this year.
Tom has three children at home and one away at college.
Tom has been Mary's next-door neighbor for three years.
Tom has always had a problem with knowing when to stop.
Tom gave me his notebook with all his favorite recipes.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to and from work.
Tom doesn't really know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't like it when his wife kisses him in public.
Tom asked Mary why she had to eat dinner with her boss.
Tom and Mary spent all morning discussing that problem.
Other than you, I don't have any friends I can talk to.
Not only does Tom speak French, he also speaks English.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to drive.
My guess is that Tom won't do what you asked him to do.
Mary shaves her legs more often than Alice shaves hers.
Mary and her boyfriend were here together this morning.
It's going to take you at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take us several weeks to finish this job.
It's going to take three hours to finish these repairs.
It's going to cost you a lot to furnish your apartment.
If something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
I've only met Tom once, but she seemed like a nice guy.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me how to drive.
I want to know if you know who broke my kitchen window.
I used to see Tom jogging past my house in the morning.
I thought flying to Boston would cost more than it did.
I think you should let Tom know that you won't do that.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't do that.
I swore I'd never kiss Tom, but I ended up kissing him.
I just don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help Mary.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
How much would you be willing to pay for me to do that?
How long did it take you to finish writing this report?
All the boys in Mary's class wanted to go out with her.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him that you miss him?
Why are you always so interested in what Tom is doing?
While Tom was having a good time, Mary stayed at home.
What Tom really needs now is a little time by himself.
Tom wouldn't be doing that today if he didn't have to.
Tom works for a company that sells building materials.
Tom won't be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom went to Mary's house to play video games with her.
Tom wasn't able to help us today, because he was busy.
Tom was looking forward to spending the day with Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom told me that Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told Mary that he'd eat anything she made for him.
Tom told Mary that he had to eat dinner with his boss.
Tom suggested that I read the contract very carefully.
Tom spent the money Mary gave him on something to eat.
Tom says that Mary will eat lunch with John and Alice.
Tom says he needs to find someone to do that for Mary.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't eat all the potato chips.
Tom said that he wasn't very sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he was very glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could speak French.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary would likely be willing to help us.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely ready to do that yet.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at speaking French.
Tom said that Mary was going to go see John in Boston.
Tom said he thought he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be at today's meeting.
Tom knew that I'd be able to do that faster than Mary.
Tom isn't the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom is the only one who thinks that's going to happen.
Tom is probably only going to sleep about three hours.
Tom is probably going to get punished if he does that.
Tom is probably going to get arrested if he does that.
Tom is probably going to be starved when he gets home.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without help.
Tom is likely to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom is likely going to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom is going to want to know more about what happened.
Tom is going to graduate from high school this spring.
Tom is going to be waiting for you when you get there.
Tom is going to be staying at least until next Monday.
Tom is going to be in prison for the rest of his life.
Tom is going to be here for at least three more years.
Tom is going to be heading back to Boston after lunch.
Tom is going to be arriving by train tomorrow evening.
Tom is going to be able to solve the problem, I think.
Tom hasn't even read the first page of the report yet.
Tom has been talking to Mary for the past three hours.
Tom gave me his notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be coming in this morning.
Tom didn't really know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom bought an old bus and is using it as storage shed.
Tom and Mary ended up falling in love with each other.
Tom and Mary are likely never to see each other again.
Tom and Mary adopted John when he was three years old.
This is a picture of the guitar I bought last weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to eat Thai food for lunch.
Mary ran into one of her ex-boyfriends at Tom's party.
Mary must've been very beautiful when she was younger.
It's probably going to be possible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be possible for Tom to do that.
It's not going to be possible for us to do that today.
It's going to take you at least three days to do that.
It's going to take us at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take me at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take a lot of time to finish doing that.
If the weather is good, let's walk to school tomorrow.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I'm fairly certain that Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I wouldn't have lied if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I wonder if Tom really did that when he was in Boston.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary ate both of his sandwiches.
I think you need to tell Tom that you're in love Mary.
I heard that both Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
I don't think we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't know what I can do to convince Tom to help us.
How often do you give advice to people you don't know?
How much time will it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time will it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much money do you think will be needed to do that?
How much money do you estimate you'll need to do that?
How much does Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How many more days do you think Tom will be in Boston?
How long does it usually take you to do your homework?
How long do you think you'll be able to help us today?
How long do you think it would take to read this book?
How long do you think Tom has spent helping us so far?
How long do you estimate it'll take to paint my house?
Have you shown Tom the pictures you took last weekend?
Has anything out of the ordinary happened here lately?
Give me one good reason why I should help you do that.
All Tom wanted was to spend some time with his family.
You shouldn't have told Tom that you didn't like him.
You should've thought about that before you did that.
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Worrying about that's been keeping me awake at night.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what's happening?
Tom would do practically anything to make Mary happy.
Tom would do practically anything to keep Mary happy.
Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
Tom won't be able to buy what he needs at this store.
Tom will be really tired when he gets home, won't he?
Tom wasn't the only boy I kissed. I also kissed John.
Tom used to make fun of Mary, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in Boston.
Tom told Mary she should eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary she had to eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary he'd lied to her and that he was sorry.
Tom thought the girl he saw talking to John was Mary.
Tom says he has to find somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom said that it looked like Mary was getting sleepy.
Tom said that it looked like Mary was getting drowsy.
Tom said that he wasn't sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary regretted what she did.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really scared.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was angry anymore.
Tom said that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she needed to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably too young to do that.
Tom said that Mary was happy she was able to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been to Australia three times.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be having much fun.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat both of her sandwiches.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said he thought Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said he suspected Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where he should park his car.
Tom said Mary would unlikely eat anything this spicy.
Tom refused to tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom ran to the bus stop, so he wouldn't miss the bus.
Tom ran to the bus stop, but he still missed the bus.
Tom knows Mary will probably be too busy to help him.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't eat the fish he'd caught.
Tom knew that I was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is probably going to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom is probably going to have a good time doing that.
Tom is probably going to get injured if he does that.
Tom is probably going to be the last one to get here.
Tom is probably going to be the first one to do that.
Tom is probably going to be interested in doing that.
Tom is probably going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be hungry when he gets here.
Tom is probably going to be homeless by next October.
Tom is probably going to be forgiven for what he did.
Tom is probably going to be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom is never going to be given the chance to do that.
Tom is likely going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is likely going to be out of the office all week.
Tom is going to want to know where you hid the money.
Tom is going to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom is going to learn how to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to have plenty of time to do that later.
Tom is going to go swimming with us tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to figure out how to do that eventually.
Tom is going to eventually figure out how to do that.
Tom is going to come back and help us this afternoon.
Tom is going to be thirsty when he finishes the race.
Tom is going to be sleeping by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be ready for us in about ten minutes.
Tom is going to be mad at you if you keep doing that.
Tom is going to be doing that early tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for us, isn't he?
Tom is definitely not going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is aware that Mary was in prison for three years.
Tom is a pretty nice person once you get to know him.
Tom has been a teacher's assistant for several years.
Tom has always wanted to learn how to play the banjo.
Tom first came to Boston when he was three years old.
Tom didn't recognize the person sitting next to Mary.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over his house.
Tom and Mary still live with their parents in Boston.
Tom and Mary spent all morning talking to each other.
Please don't say anything to Tom about what happened.
One of my favorite things about Boston is the people.
Neither Tom nor Mary will eat lunch with us tomorrow.
Mary told Tom that John wasn't her boyfriend anymore.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's going to take too much time for Tom to get here.
It's going to take a long time for me to finish this.
It's going to take Tom a couple of hours to get here.
It's going to cost about thirty dollars to repair it.
It's been a long time since I've been back to Boston.
I'm scared to death right now, to be honest with you.
I'm only telling you this because I'm your my friend.
I think you should tell Tom that you don't like Mary.
I think we shouldn't let Tom go to Boston by himself.
I think Tom kissed Mary for the first time yesterday.
I think Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I haven't decided whether to go college or get a job.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
How much time did it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time did it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much should I pay Tom to help me paint my garage?
How much money do you think Tom will need to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How much did Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How long did it take Tom to convince Mary to help us?
Didn't you know that Tom used to be a French teacher?
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Apparently, Tom and Mary talked about that on Monday.
"Is Mary your girlfriend?" "No, she's just a friend."
You could've let me know you were going out tonight.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what's going on?
Why don't you call Tom and invite him to your party?
Why do you think Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Boston with Mary?
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got jealous.
When Tom got home, his children were already asleep.
What do you think Tom will do now that he's retired?
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't need to.
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't have to.
Tom works for a company that makes automobile parts.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't eat her whole sandwich.
Tom won't make you do anything you don't want to do.
Tom won't be able to help us paint the garage today.
Tom wasn't supposed to get any money for doing that.
Tom was walking too fast for Mary catch up with him.
Tom was supposed to babysit our children last night.
Tom was afraid that he was about to lose everything.
Tom wanted to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom thought the boy he saw talking to Mary was John.
Tom thought Mary was going to let him go home early.
Tom thought Mary lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom thinks that Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom stole something from the store where Mary works.
Tom says it doesn't matter to him if Mary does that.
Tom says he needs the rest of the money you owe him.
Tom says he has to find someone to do that for Mary.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom says he and his wife haven't yet discussed that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in love with John.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she ought to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in her office.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having a lot of fun.
Tom said that Mary said she was hoping we'd do that.
Tom said that Mary said she didn't care what we did.
Tom said it was Mary who ate the last piece of cake.
Tom said he thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom said he thought that Mary had already done that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom promised Mary that he'd eat whatever she cooked.
Tom loved living on the ranch with his grandparents.
Tom lived in Australia when he was younger, I think.
Tom listened carefully, but he didn't hear anything.
Tom knew that the package on the desk was from Mary.
Tom just got a job working for an insurance company.
Tom isn't as determined to do that as he used to be.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is probably going to know what needs to be done.
Tom is probably going to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be tired when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is probably going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is never going to tell you what really happened.
Tom is never going to be able to keep this a secret.
Tom is never going to be able to do that by himself.
Tom is likely going to come to visit us next summer.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to thank me for this one of these days.
Tom is going to shovel the snow off the roof for us.
Tom is going to help you do that if you want him to.
Tom is going to have to learn to live with the pain.
Tom is going to do that later when he's not so busy.
Tom is going to come to see Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is going to be very sorry if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to be very glad that he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be living in Boston with his father.
Tom is going to be back in less than thirty minutes.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston tomorrow afternoon.
Tom has been seeing a counselor three times a month.
Tom gave me a notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom gave each of his children three hundred dollars.
Tom doesn't think Mary should eat so much junk food.
Tom could hear what was being said in the next room.
Tom can't do that alone. Mary will have to help him.
Tom called to say wouldn't be back until after 2:30.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom and Mary will likely never see each other again.
Tom and Mary spent the evening watching TV together.
Tom and Mary ended up getting married to each other.
Tom and Mary are sitting under that tree over there.
There are lots of people who could help you do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been accused of doing that.
My parents wouldn't let me drive until I was twenty.
Mary's husband was here a while ago looking for her.
Mary is a nice girl, except that she talks too much.
It's going to take me a good three hours to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I wonder if you could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if Tom really wants us to do that for Mary.
I wish you hadn't lied to me about where you'd been.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to drive.
I understand French, but I can't speak it very well.
I thought Tom would apologize to Mary, but he didn't.
I thought Tom knew why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I think you should tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I think we shouldn't let Tom play with Mary anymore.
I think that Tom lied to you about when he did that.
I think Tom will do the same thing he did yesterday.
I still drive that old truck my grandfather gave me.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure that I love him.
I know Tom is in the hospital, but I don't know why.
I interviewed Tom Jackson on October 20th in Boston.
I don't think Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
How much money do you spend on groceries every week?
How many weeks do you think Tom will stay in Boston?
How many days did it take you to paint that picture?
How many days did it take Tom to paint this picture?
Go wake Tom up and tell him that breakfast is ready.
You promised me you'd look after the kids tomorrow.
You could've let me know you were going to be late.
Who did Tom think would want to go there with Mary?
We won't be able to do that if Tom doesn't help us.
We need to find out where Tom wants us to meet him.
We need to buy another file cabinet for the office.
Tom wouldn't tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom wouldn't let his children speak French at home.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do anything she wanted to do.
Tom won't be able to do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom will start taking swimming lessons this summer.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom will be visiting family in Boston next weekend.
Tom wants to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen to Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him in front of the school.
Tom told me you walked home by yourself last night.
Tom told me he walked through the woods by himself.
Tom told Mary he'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Tom told Mary he wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Tom told Mary he couldn't eat lunch with her today.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to help him.
Tom stopped at a store on the way home to buy beer.
Tom seems to have lost interest in studying French.
Tom says he's deleted Mary's number from his phone.
Tom says he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom says he doesn't think he's very good at French.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he was very worried about his future.
Tom said that he was very sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he was very interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was the very first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really busy.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was mad anymore.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely want to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary will fly to Australia next week.
Tom said that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having a good time.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be enjoying the party.
Tom said that Mary said she wasn't sure what to do.
Tom said that Mary said she wanted John to do that.
Tom said that Mary has always lived on Park Street.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said he thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said he thought Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought I might be required to do that.
Tom said he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom said Mary was unlikely to eat anything he made.
Tom said Mary might not eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom promised Mary he'd eat everything on his plate.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to help Mary.
Tom overheard what was being said in the next room.
Tom needs to stay in bed if he wants to recuperate.
Tom might've lied about who he went to Boston with.
Tom looked around the room, but he didn't see Mary.
Tom let the air out of all the tires on Mary's car.
Tom knows you didn't eat the cake he baked for you.
Tom knows Mary will probably be busy all afternoon.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't have to do that.
Tom isn't as motivated to do that as he used to be.
Tom isn't as desperate to do that as he used to be.
Tom is worried that something might happen to Mary.
Tom is the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom is probably going to get fined if he does that.
Tom is probably going to figure out how to do that.
Tom is never going to permit Mary to do that again.
Tom is never going to find out about what happened.
Tom is likely going to be very hesitant to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the first one to do that.
Tom is likely going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom is going to miss the train if he doesn't hurry.
Tom is going to have to figure this out on his own.
Tom is going to go to Boston on business next week.
Tom is going to get mad if you don't do that today.
Tom is going to do that whether you like it or not.
Tom is going to do that first thing in the morning.
Tom is going to be in Boston next week on business.
Tom is going to be evicted at the end of the month.
Tom is going to be asleep by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be arriving in Boston this evening.
Tom is going to be Mary's French teacher next year.
Tom is going to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Tom hired Mary to work at his store on Park Street.
Tom has to finish doing that before he can go home.
Tom has finally found something he's good at doing.
Tom has been playing games with Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been learning French for about three years.
Tom has been Mary's French teacher for three years.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he says he has to.
Tom doesn't have to worry about anything right now.
Tom didn't eat the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary is October 20th.
Tom and Mary have known each other for three years.
Tom and I haven't kissed each other in a long time.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was quite good.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was his old jacket.
Someone who knows French well must've written this.
Other than you, I don't have any friends in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I need to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I have to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten used to doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been able to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever attempted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has apologized for doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help us do that.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to drive.
Mary said she wouldn't do that unless you help her.
Mary said she wouldn't do that unless I helped her.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom's girlfriend was.
Mary refused to accept the roses that Tom sent her.
Mary knew she wasn't the first girl Tom had kissed.
Mary is depressed because her husband has left her.
It's probably going to probably be easy to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for you to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be risky for you to do that.
It's probably going to be risky for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be cheap for you to do that.
It's going to take three hours to make the changes.
It's going to take me about three hours to do that.
It's going to be dark by the time we get to Boston.
It looks like Tom has fallen down and hurt himself.
It doesn't matter to me whether you do that or not.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you've done for Mary.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to drive.
I would've let Tom drive if I'd known he wanted to.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about when he did that.
I wish I could do that with you today, but I can't.
I thought Tom was going to buy some blankets today.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
I ran into some of my friends at the train station.
I hope you haven't forgotten about today's meeting.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom drive.
How much money do you think you'll need to do that?
How many hours do you think it took Tom to do that?
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives are friends with Mary.
You said Tom wouldn't kiss me, but you were wrong.
You haven't forgotten about the meeting, have you?
Would you like to go and see a movie this evening?
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got angry.
Tom would've been here if he knew he needed to be.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom went out drinking with his friends last night.
Tom wasn't the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary wanted to talk to.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary needed to talk to.
Tom was walking too fast for me catch up with him.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was Mary's next-door neighbor for three years.
Tom used to talk to Mary every night on the phone.
Tom told the police that three men had mugged him.
Tom told me he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told Mary he'd eat dinner with John and Alice.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to do that.
Tom says he can help us today if we need his help.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in sports.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in soccer.
Tom said that he was very glad that Mary did that.
Tom said that he was the very last one to do that.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she should do.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she had to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still very hungry.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in her room.
Tom said that Mary said she's seen people do that.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was having fun.
Tom said that Mary is waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that again.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be very worried.
Tom said he'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom said he wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he thought he could take care of himself.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said he thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said he thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom said he met a woman named Mary this afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said he asked Mary not to eat the last orange.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary needed to try to do that on her own.
Tom refused to tell me where he'd put my car keys.
Tom never denied that he was the one who did that.
Tom must've forgotten what he promised us he'd do.
Tom knows that Mary was in prison for three years.
Tom knows that Mary wants to eat steak for dinner.
Tom knew that something bad would probably happen.
Tom knew that Mary wanted to eat steak for dinner.
Tom is the person Mary wants to go to Boston with.
Tom is probably not going to go to Boston with us.
Tom is probably never going to be able to do that.
Tom is probably going to get hurt if he does that.
Tom is probably going to find some way to do that.
Tom is probably going to be ready to do that soon.
Tom is probably going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is never going to permit you to do that again.
Tom is never going to know it was you who told me.
Tom is never going to forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom is never going to be able to do it by himself.
Tom is never going to allow Mary to do that again.
Tom is likely going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary not to leave.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary did that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary not to leave.
Tom is going to need to tell Mary sooner or later.
Tom is going to go to the airport to pick Mary up.
Tom is going to go to Boston the month after next.
Tom is going to get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to catch the next bus to the airport.
Tom is going to be speaking at the dinner tonight.
Tom is going to be ready by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be punished if he does that again.
Tom is going to be playing guitar with us tonight.
Tom is going to be arrested if he does that again.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom is determined to find out what the problem is.
Tom has until Monday to finish writing the report.
Tom has probably done something he shouldn't have.
Tom has been trying to explain everything to Mary.
Tom has been trying to contact Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been interested in horses for a long time.
Tom had to call Mary to get permission to do that.
Tom got to the station just in time for his train.
Tom found Mary's umbrella in the trunk of his car.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't seem to want to tell me what happened.
Tom doesn't have to buy new windshield wipers yet.
Tom didn't know what was probably going to happen?
Tom convinced Mary that she should tell the truth.
Tom can't do that alone. I hope Mary can help him.
Tom came to Boston and stayed with us last spring.
Tom came and stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary is next Monday.
Tom and Mary will probably eventually get married.
Tom and Mary used to spend a lot of time together.
There's no room for anything else in the suitcase.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very nice.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very good.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was expensive.
Some girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told not to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been planning to do that.
Mary isn't the same woman she was three years ago.
Mary has been wearing blue dresses a lot recently.
Mary had never kissed a boy before she kissed Tom.
Mary got her boyfriend's name tattooed on her arm.
It's probably going to be safe for you to do that.
It's probably going to be safe for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for you to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's going to take at least thirty minutes longer.
It's going to be easier to do that than you think.
It seems like I'm the only one who has to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who has to do that.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you've done for him.
I'm really looking forward to doing that with you.
I'm glad I didn't lie to Tom about where I'd been.
I'd be fired if I kissed Tom during working hours.
I wouldn't have kissed Tom if I hadn't been drunk.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I wanted to.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about where he'd been.
I wonder what Tom will do with his old motorcycle.
I wonder if you could tell me what should be done.
I wish we'd lied to Tom about where we were going.
I was waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I thought Tom would apologize to me, but he didn't.
I think you should tell Tom why you won't do that.
I promise I'll do that before the end of the week.
I don't think Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't suppose you would know Tom's phone number.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help Mary.
I don't know exactly what time Tom will be coming.
I didn't know that you couldn't understand French.
I considered lying, but decided it was a bad idea.
How much money do you think it'll take to do that?
How much gasoline did you have to put in the tank?
How much damage do you think the storm will cause?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written together?
How long would it take us to get to Boston by car?
Does Tom really think Mary enjoys eating with him?
You should replace the filter every three months.
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that tomorrow?
Why don't you go home and put on some dry clothes?
What makes you think that Tom will be late again?
Tom's house is only a five-minute walk from here.
Tom's family is coming to visit him next weekend.
Tom won't tell us anything we don't already know.
Tom will stay at a friend's house for a few days.
Tom will be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave by himself.
Tom was walking too fast for me keep up with him.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play golf.
Tom was probably about thirteen when he did that.
Tom was afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
Tom wanted to study French with a native speaker.
Tom wanted Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told me that he forgot all about the meeting.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom told me he didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me Mary knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom told Mary that he'd been waiting a long time.
Tom told Mary he wanted to go to Boston with her.
Tom told Mary he knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom thought the girl he saw in the park was Mary.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't eat what John had made.
Tom thought Mary was still living on Park Street.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was awake.
Tom thinks Mary would be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks Mary is eating lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom stopped for something to eat on his way home.
Tom should've lied to Mary about where he'd been.
Tom said that he'd gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he thought Mary was getting hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could do that.
Tom said that Mary was the one who told him that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still unemployed.
Tom said that Mary was probably still suspicious.
Tom said that Mary was probably still frustrated.
Tom said that Mary was probably still frightened.
Tom said that Mary was probably still downstairs.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at basketball.
Tom said that Mary was going to help us tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary was going back home to Boston.
Tom said that Mary told him she'd never met John.
Tom said that Mary has been asked not to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't do that unless I helped him.
Tom said he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said he wished Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said he wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Tom said he thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom said he thinks Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said he might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't think the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said Mary needs to try to do that on her own.
Tom said I should get Mary to eat healthier food.
Tom said I should ask Mary to eat dinner with us.
Tom refused to give Mary the money she asked for.
Tom proposed to Mary three months after they met.
Tom learned French while he was living in Boston.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to still be in bed.
Tom knew he wasn't the first boy Mary had kissed.
Tom knew Mary didn't want to eat lunch with John.
Tom isn't as tempted to do that as he used to be.
Tom is starting to sound exactly like his father.
Tom is scared to walk through the woods at night.
Tom is probably going to walk to school tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom is probably going to know what we need to do.
Tom is probably going to be waiting in the lobby.
Tom is probably going to be skeptical about that.
Tom is probably going to be reluctant to do that.
Tom is probably going to be desperate to do that.
Tom is probably going to be back by October 20th.
Tom is never going to find what he's looking for.
Tom is never going to believe that Mary did that.
Tom is never going to be able to keep up with us.
Tom is never going to allow you to do that again.
Tom is going to try to convince you to help Mary.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to help him.
Tom is going to sing that new song he just wrote.
Tom is going to hurt himself if he isn't careful.
Tom is going to have to find some way to do that.
Tom is going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is going to go to the beach with us tomorrow.
Tom is going to go swimming again this afternoon.
Tom is going to get out of prison in three years.
Tom is going to get into trouble if he does that.
Tom is going to eventually find out who did that.
Tom is going to come back the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to be out of town until next Monday.
Tom is going to be in Boston the week after next.
Tom is going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be back in Boston tomorrow night.
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods at night.
Tom is afraid that he's about to lose everything.
Tom heard Mary and John talking about doing that.
Tom has spoken with Mary several times this week.
Tom has sent Mary at least three hundred letters.
Tom has no idea where Mary ate dinner last night.
Tom has found a way to make a little extra money.
Tom has been in the hospital for three weeks now.
Tom expects all three of us to do that with Mary.
Tom expected Mary to sit with him at the concert.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves that way.
Tom doesn't think Mary will come in this morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here this morning.
Tom doesn't have Mary to do that for him anymore.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with Mary.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who did that.
Tom could've been a professional baseball player.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't eat dairy products.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public anymore.
Tom and Mary watched several movies last weekend.
Tom and Mary sat at a picnic table, eating lunch.
Tom and Mary know John ate the last piece of pie.
Tom allowed Mary to sit next to him on the bench.
The only thing Tom wants now is something to eat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever refused to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been ordered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me not to do that.
Mary's new boyfriend is much younger than she is.
Mary said she thought Tom was through doing that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't eat the last apple.
Mary said she didn't think the heat bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think the cold bothered Tom.
Mary is going to do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary is depressed because her boyfriend left her.
Mary has already told Tom about that, hasn't she?
It's very fortunate that Tom happened to be here.
It's no secret that Tom and Mary don't get along.
It's going to take some time to get used to this.
It's going to take forever to clean this mess up.
It's going to take at least an hour to get there.
It's going to take a while for the cement to dry.
It's going to happen again if you aren't careful.
It's going to be more fun if we do that together.
It's going to be easy to find someone to do that.
It's going to be dark by the time Tom gets there.
It's been three months since Tom moved to Boston.
It was raining in Boston on the day Tom was shot.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to do that.
If we're lucky, we'll have good weather tomorrow.
I'm not going to try to stop you from doing that.
I wouldn't have done that if I hadn't been drunk.
I would've hugged Tom if I'd thought he'd let me.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about what he'd done.
I wonder if Tom asked Mary to eat lunch with him.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to buy for Mary.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to drive.
I think Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
I still refuse to lie to Tom about what happened.
I still can't believe that you actually did that.
I knew Tom would ask Mary to eat dinner with him.
I don't want you to buy anything from that store.
I don't think Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
How much time did it take to hang up the laundry?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much honey do you want me to put in your tea?
How many hours has Tom already spent helping you?
How long does it take to eat a seven-course meal?
How do you open a bottle without a bottle opener?
Have you asked Tom and Mary if they want do that?
Give me one reason why I should help you do that.
Even though you said I shouldn't kiss Tom, I did.
Even though you said I should kiss Tom, I didn't.
Did Tom say why the police were looking for Mary?
You shouldn't have tried doing that by yourself.
You haven't forgotten to pay the rent, have you?
You don't have to help Tom if you don't want to.
Would you like me to pick you up at the airport?
Why don't you like to speak in French in public?
Why don't you let Tom know that you can't drive?
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't like Mary?
Why don't you get Tom to teach you how to drive?
Who did Tom think was going to do that for Mary?
When was the last time you saw Tom kissing Mary?
What do you and Tom want to do tomorrow morning?
We've only got three days left to get this done.
We're going to have a party to welcome Tom home.
Tom's wife was here a while ago looking for him.
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like his wife.
Tom's parents have decided to get divorced.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd put my car keys.
Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't have to.
Tom will try to attend this afternoon's meeting.
Tom will probably walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom will get himself killed if he's not careful.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom was the person who taught me how to do this.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play poker.
Tom was here with me on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was going to ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom wants to study French with a native speaker.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she pushed him away.
Tom told me that he and Mary were still married.
Tom told Mary she could buy anything she wanted.
Tom told Mary not to kiss him in public anymore.
Tom told Mary he'd never eat anything John made.
Tom told Mary he was going to eat lunch at home.
Tom thought Mary would likely refuse to do that.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't eat so much junk food.
Tom spent all afternoon in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of a computer.
Tom should tell Mary not to eat those mushrooms.
Tom should show Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help Mary.
Tom said that he was very glad that he did that.
Tom said that he was very determined to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was getting tired.
Tom said that he knew Mary was going to be late.
Tom said that Mary was probably still skeptical.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was probably still at school.
Tom said that Mary was going to help us do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be very suspicious.
Tom said that Mary seemed determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary often helps out in the store.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was confused.
Tom said that Mary hasn't yet agreed to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be suspicious.
Tom said he was glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said he wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom said he thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would probably do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom said he thought Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he didn't think the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary would've come if we'd invited her.
Tom said Mary wasn't going to eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary wanted to eat chocolate ice cream.
Tom said Mary wanted John to eat lunch with her.
Tom said Mary didn't want to eat lunch with him.
Tom said Mary always eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom probably won't have any fun at Mary's party.
Tom passes by Mary's house on his way to school.
Tom parked in the parking lot behind the church.
Tom paid for the dinner and left the restaurant.
Tom often reads bedtime stories to his children.
Tom never felt comfortable when Mary was around.
Tom needs to tell Mary not to eat those berries.
Tom learned how to drive when he was a teenager.
Tom knew that something bad would likely happen.
Tom knew that I'd be gone by the time he got there.
Tom knew that I was amused by what was going on.
Tom isn't the person Mary wants to do that with.
Tom isn't the only person Mary wants to talk to.
Tom isn't the only person Mary needs to talk to.
Tom isn't still wearing his wedding ring, is he?
Tom is wearing the shirt that Mary made for him.
Tom is supposed to babysit our children tonight.
Tom is probably going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston next week.
Tom is probably going to do that this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to do that again tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be stubborn about that.
Tom is probably going to be here this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be here in the morning.
Tom is probably going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is never going to make it to school on time.
Tom is never going to have to worry about money.
Tom is never going to get the chance to do that.
Tom is never going to forgive me for doing that.
Tom is likely going to leave before next Monday.
Tom is likely going to find some way to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the last one to leave.
Tom is likely going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is hoping that Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince you to help him.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom is going to take care of buying the tickets.
Tom is going to sing one of the songs you wrote.
Tom is going to need to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to get fired if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to find a way to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to explain everything to you later.
Tom is going to eventually learn how to do that.
Tom is going to do whatever he can to help Mary.
Tom is going to do that, but probably not today.
Tom is going to do that the way you told him to.
Tom is going to do everything you ask him to do.
Tom is going to be very tired when he gets home.
Tom is going to be speaking in Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to be in Boston two or three years.
Tom is going to be here in about thirty minutes.
Tom is going through a difficult time right now.
Tom is determined to find out why that happened.
Tom is depressed because Mary broke up with him.
Tom is definitely going to try doing that today.
Tom is apparently going to be on the same train.
Tom is afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
Tom hopes that Mary will teach him how to drive.
Tom has until October 20th to finish the report.
Tom has until 2:to finish writing the report.
Tom has three children from a previous marriage.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help Mary.
Tom has been waiting outside for thirty minutes.
Tom has been trying to reach Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been sneaking out of the house at night.
Tom has already told Mary about that, hasn't he?
Tom doesn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom didn't understand why Mary behaved that way.
Tom convinced Mary to tell her mother the truth.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be home for lunch.
Tom asked me who walked home with me last night.
Tom asked Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom asked Mary not to eat the last piece of pie.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other on the sofa.
Tom and Mary said they'd be the next to do that.
Tom and Mary often hang up the laundry together.
Tom and Mary go to church together every Sunday.
These are Tom's and Mary's motorcycles, I think.
Please make sure you have enough money with you.
Please make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has volunteered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the ability to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever wanted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has enough time to do that.
Monday would have been Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Maybe Tom thought you wouldn't want to see Mary.
Mary told Tom she'd never eat any wild mushroom.
Mary told Tom she intended to eat lunch at home.
Mary told Tom she didn't want anything to drink.
Mary says she needs to find someone to help Tom.
Mary says Tom wouldn't eat the dessert she made.
Mary said she won't do that unless you help her.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom would need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would like to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be back by 2:30.
Mary said she thought Tom was afraid to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't win.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't cry.
Mary said she thought Tom hadn't been surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom hadn't been impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom had already done that.
Mary said she thought Tom had agreed to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would eat what she made.
Mary said she expected Tom to eat lunch with us.
Mary said she didn't want to work as a waitress.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that for her.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that for Tom.
Mary said she didn't want any of us to help her.
Mary said she didn't want any of us to help Tom.
Mary said Tom didn't want to eat lunch with her.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't eat his sandwich.
Mary passes by Tom's house on her way to school.
Mary is starting to sound a lot like her mother.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary is hoping that Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary is depressed because Tom broke up with her.
Mary hugged Tom and told him that she loved him.
Mary hopes that Tom will teach her how to drive.
Mary asked Tom if she could eat the last cookie.
It's probably going to be impossible to do that.
It's probably going to be depressing to do that.
It's not too late to ask Tom to do that for you.
It's going to take time to get everything ready.
It's going to take less than an hour to do that.
It's going to take all afternoon and maybe more.
It's going to happen, but just not anytime soon.
It's going to be some time before Tom gets here.
It started to rain as soon as we started eating.
I've finished reading all the books you lent me.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I'm telling you this because I'm your friend.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will help Mary do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I'm going to visit Tom in the hospital tomorrow.
I told Tom that I wanted to live on Park Street.
I thought Tom would love the gift Mary gave him.
I thought Tom would like the gift Mary gave him.
I thought Mary would love the gift Tom gave her.
I thought Mary would like the gift Tom gave her.
I thought Mary said she didn't have a boyfriend.
I think your baby is crying because he's hungry.
I think you should try to persuade Tom to drive.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that by himself.
I think we can all agree that that's a bad idea.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
I think Tom should tell Mary to leave him alone.
I think Tom knows why we can't do that for Mary.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I think Mary should tell Tom to leave her alone.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to do that.
I hope Tom will be ready to go when I get there.
I hope Tom and Mary don't eat all the ice cream.
I don't want to answer any more questions today.
I don't think Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't know if Tom will be home this afternoon.
I don't have time for a cup of coffee right now.
How often does Tom wear that scarf you gave him?
How much wine do you think Tom drinks every day?
How much time do you spend on the bus every day?
How much time did it take Tom to clean his room?
How much money do you spend on food every month?
How much help do you think we can expect to get?
How much does Tom charge you for French lessons?
How much did Tom charge you for fixing your car?
How many hours has Tom spent helping you so far?
How long would it take you to paint the ceiling?
Has Tom been saying bad things about Mary again?
Even though you said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though you said I should do that, I didn't.
Even though Tom said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though Tom said I should do that, I didn't.
Don't you remember what Tom did to us last year?
Do you really think this water is safe to drink?
Do you kiss your children goodbye every morning?
Do you have anything planned for this afternoon?
Did Tom say why the police are looking for Mary?
Did Tom actually see Mary eat your piece of pie?
Am I the only one worried that Tom will be late?
About how many pictures does Tom take every day?
You won't believe what happened this afternoon.
You should've lied to Tom about where you were.
You should've let me drive you home last night.
You should tell Tom why you disagree with Mary.
You should let Tom know that you want to drive.
You ought to let Tom know that you can't drive.
You didn't sell any of your paintings, did you?
Wouldn't it be better not to do that right now?
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't like him?
Why didn't you do what you were supposed to do?
When do you think Tom will want us to help him?
Tom, Mary and John all went to the same school.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like his wife.
Tom's keys are somewhere in this room, I think.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I was supposed to do.
Tom won't find anybody who'll do that for Mary.
Tom won't be able to move the piano by himself.
Tom will pay me back what he owes me on Monday.
Tom will make Mary sit with the other children.
Tom will be in prison for the rest of his life.
Tom will be heading back to Boston after lunch.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom wasn't supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom was the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom told me he'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom told me he wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom told me he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told Mary to quit eating so much junk food.
Tom told Mary that she thought he was handsome.
Tom told Mary that his brother's name was John.
Tom told Mary not to eat the ham in the fridge.
Tom told Mary he'd never eat any wild mushroom.
Tom told Mary he intended to eat lunch at home.
Tom told Mary he didn't want anything to drink.
Tom told Mary about what John wanted him to do.
Tom thought that what Mary was doing was wrong.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that with him.
Tom thought Mary was asleep, but she was awake.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help Mary.
Tom says Mary wouldn't eat the dessert he made.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself in the library.
Tom saw Mary eating at a table near the window.
Tom sat on the porch swing and smoked his pipe.
Tom said your snoring kept him awake all night.
Tom said that he was very reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was very motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still confused.
Tom said that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that Mary often stays home on Mondays.
Tom said that Mary could've probably done that.
Tom said he was trying to figure something out.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said he thought Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom said he thought Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said he needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom said he expected Mary to eat lunch with us.
Tom said he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom said he didn't want any of us to help Mary.
Tom said Mary was going to eat lunch with John.
Tom said Mary wanted him to eat lunch with her.
Tom said Mary probably won't eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary isn't going to eat with us today.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't eat her sandwich.
Tom knows Mary will probably want to eat pizza.
Tom knew Mary was going to eat lunch with John.
Tom isn't happy with the way things turned out.
Tom is worried that something bad might happen.
Tom is the person who taught me how to do this.
Tom is the only one who can beat Mary at chess.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play poker.
Tom is starting to sound a lot like his father.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom is probably going to be tempted to do that.
Tom is probably going to be here all afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be furious about that.
Tom is probably going to be fascinated by that.
Tom is probably going to be anxious to do that.
Tom is probably going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is popular with both students and teachers.
Tom is never going to be able to do that again.
Tom is likely going to lose everything he owns.
Tom is likely going to be late for the meeting.
Tom is likely going to be fired for doing that.
Tom is likely going to be fined for doing that.
Tom is likely going to be back by October 20th.
Tom is going to try to do that again next year.
Tom is going to try to convince you to do that.
Tom is going to try doing that again next year.
Tom is going to tell you what you need to know.
Tom is going to take care of everything for us.
Tom is going to need to get used to doing that.
Tom is going to move back to Boston in October.
Tom is going to help Mary do that after supper.
Tom is going to have to get used to doing that.
Tom is going to go swimming with Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he does that.
Tom is going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to find some other way to do that.
Tom is going to do whatever you tell him to do.
Tom is going to do whatever he can to help you.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, too, I think.
Tom is going to do that again, I'm pretty sure.
Tom is going to do everything he's asked to do.
Tom is going to be working in Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to be waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom is going to be thirty years old in October.
Tom is going to be staying with us for a while.
Tom is going to be out for the rest of the day.
Tom is going to be in his office all afternoon.
Tom is going to be here by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be helping us paint our garage.
Tom is going to be gone by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be fired if he does that again.
Tom is going to be fined if he does that again.
Tom is going to be exhausted when he gets home.
Tom is going to be back the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be a college student next year.
Tom is going to attend the meeting in my place.
Tom is going to ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom is depressed because his wife has left him.
Tom is afraid that the police might arrest him.
Tom hugged Mary and told her that he loved her.
Tom hopes Mary will sit next to him on the bus.
Tom heard Mary and John discussing the problem.
Tom has promised to give me one of his guitars.
Tom has no idea how much Mary wants to see him.
Tom has been reading detective novels recently.
Tom has been our family doctor for a long time.
Tom has been airlifted to a hospital in Boston.
Tom got here ten to fifteen minutes after Mary.
Tom got Mary to do what she was supposed to do.
Tom gave away most of his money before he died.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acted that way.
Tom didn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was dead or alive.
Tom didn't even read the message Mary sent him.
Tom did the same thing I did on Monday evening.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne to the party.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne for the party.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with Mary.
Tom asked Mary why she'd eaten all the cookies.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public again.
Tom asked Mary if he could eat the last cookie.
Tom apologized to Mary for eating her sandwich.
Tom and Mary have been looking forward to this.
Tom and Mary have absolutely nothing in common.
Tom and Mary don't have anything to talk about.
Tom and Mary aren't going to eat with us today.
This place hasn't been the same since you left.
This bicycle didn't cost as much as I expected.
There's no room for anything else in my closet.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't so easy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that right away.
Neither Tom nor Mary has experience doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary had ever done that before.
Mary's oldest son looks a lot like her husband.
Mary will be wearing a blue dress to the dance.
Mary wanted Tom to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Mary tried the skirt on, but it didn't fit her.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary told Tom that her brother's name was John.
Mary told Tom about what John wanted her to do.
Mary thought Tom was going to do that with her.
Mary says she'll buy a painting from Tom today.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she's glad that you did that for Tom.
Mary said she'd try to convince Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished you would do that for Tom.
Mary said she wanted Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she thought that would embarrass Tom.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely not win.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely not cry.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Mary said she thought Tom would be heartbroken.
Mary said she thought Tom would be embarrassed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be discouraged.
Mary said she thought Tom would be cooperative.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to win.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't in his office.
Mary said she thought Tom was ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was doing that today.
Mary said Tom wanted her to eat lunch with him.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know how to drive.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's tired.
Mary is going to ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary is depressed because her husband left her.
Mary hopes Tom will sit next to her on the bus.
Mary has no idea how much Tom wants to see her.
Mary has known Tom since she was a little girl.
Mary grabbed her purse and headed for the door.
Mary didn't even read the message Tom sent her.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public again.
Mary asked Tom if he thought she was beautiful.
It's probably going to rain tomorrow afternoon.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be expensive to do that.
It's probably going to be dangerous to do that.
It's going to take me several hours to do that.
It's going to cause me problems if you do that.
It's going to be easier if we do that together.
It's going to be done by the time you get here.
It's been years since I've been back to Boston.
It would be nice if we could go there together.
It seems I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I'm very sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom appreciated what you did for Mary.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I would strongly advise you to stop doing that.
I was born in Boston, but I grew up in Chicago.
I think the whole thing was a misunderstanding.
I think that Tom lied to you about what he did.
I think Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for him.
I think Tom won't stop doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom didn't understand your explanation.
I think Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
I think Mary would like Tom to do that for her.
I still watch TV, but not as much as I used to.
I still have the same questions I asked before.
I have visited Tom a number of times in Boston.
I don't think Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't have many friends who can speak French.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive.
I can show you around town if you'd like me to.
How often does Tom wear that tie Mary gave him?
How much would you pay for something like that?
How much would you charge me to paint my house?
How much severance pay will we have to pay Tom?
How much of what Tom said do you think is true?
How much of a discount do you think we can get?
How much money do you think Tom spends a month?
How much do you usually spend when you eat out?
How many hours has Tom been helping you so far?
How long would it take to get to Boston by bus?
How did you know Tom would refuse to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to kiss Mary?
Have you ever been to Chuck's Diner for brunch?
Either Tom doesn't want to do that or he can't.
Do you really think Tom will let you help Mary?
Could what happened in Boston also happen here?
As far as I know, Tom has never studied French.
As far as I know, Tom has never been to Boston.
Aren't you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Are you sure that Tom was the one who did that?
A girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
Your French isn't good enough to get that job.
You'd really better stop doing that right now.
You shouldn't have told Tom about what we did.
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that today?
When was the last time you saw Tom doing that?
When was the last time Tom ate lunch with you?
When do you think Tom will want us to do that?
When Tom heard about what happened, he smiled.
When I first met Tom, he was still a teenager.
What's the best way to get downtown from here?
What time do you usually get home from school?
Were you able to persuade Tom to donate money?
Tom wouldn't let anybody do anything for Mary.
Tom won't find anyone who'll do that for Mary.
Tom will try to talk to Mary about that today.
Tom will show us the documents this afternoon.
Tom will definitely not allow Mary to do that.
Tom will come back and help us this afternoon.
Tom will be very disappointed if that happens.
Tom will ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary wanted to marry.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave by himself.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help Mary.
Tom told us he wouldn't come back before 2:30.
Tom told me he isn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told Mary not to kiss him in public again.
Tom told Mary about what had happened at work.
Tom told Mary about what John asked him to do.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that for him.
Tom spoke with Mary on the phone this morning.
Tom spent a lot of time with Mary last summer.
Tom showed us that it was possible to do that.
Tom should tell Mary not to eat those berries.
Tom says that he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom says that he needs a better tennis racket.
Tom says he'll buy a painting from Mary today.
Tom says he'll ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he'd be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he was very hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he was interested in doing that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still outside.
Tom said that Mary was probably still at home.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at cooking.
Tom said that Mary should eat more vegetables.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was sleepy.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be prepared.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be confused.
Tom said he's glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said he'd try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished you would do that for Mary.
Tom said he wasn't going to sign the contract.
Tom said he wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said he understood what needed to be done.
Tom said he thought that would embarrass Mary.
Tom said he thought that he might be able win.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely not win.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said he thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said he thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to win.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said he thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom said he hoped Mary would eat what he made.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a new dress.
Tom never expected Mary to eat all the donuts.
Tom needs to go back home to get his passport.
Tom let Mary know he didn't know how to drive.
Tom left his suitcase in the trunk of his car.
Tom knows who Mary hopes asks her to the prom.
Tom knew that something terrible had happened.
Tom isn't the only person Mary should talk to.
Tom is still just a kid, so let's forgive him.
Tom is probably going to volunteer to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's tired.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom is probably going to sleep better tonight.
Tom is probably going to pass the examination.
Tom is probably going to get home next Monday.
Tom is probably going to be the one who comes.
Tom is probably going to be impressed by that.
Tom is probably going to be at home on Monday.
Tom is probably going to be afraid to do that.
Tom is never going to be released from prison.
Tom is never going to admit that he was wrong.
Tom is likely going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary left.
Tom is going to try to do that sometime today.
Tom is going to tell you the same thing I did.
Tom is going to tell me everything eventually.
Tom is going to pick the kids up after school.
Tom is going to meet Mary somewhere in Boston.
Tom is going to get married to Mary next week.
Tom is going to get an opportunity to do that.
Tom is going to eventually find out the truth.
Tom is going to do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom is going to do that the way I told him to.
Tom is going to be the next person to do that.
Tom is going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is going to be late for work this morning.
Tom is going to be busy most of the afternoon.
Tom is going to be back from Boston next week.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that, isn't he?
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods alone.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped him do that.
Tom has been working for an insurance company.
Tom has been wondering what might happen next.
Tom has been waiting for Mary for a long time.
Tom has been trying to convince us to do that.
Tom has been trying to convince me to do that.
Tom has been staying with his uncle in Boston.
Tom has been staying at a hotel near my house.
Tom has been practicing the piano all morning.
Tom has been living in Boston with his father.
Tom has been down in the basement all morning.
Tom has been Mary's boyfriend for a long time.
Tom hardly ever spends time with his children.
Tom got here about fifteen minutes after Mary.
Tom drove to the hospital as fast as he could.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to work.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acts that way.
Tom doesn't often talk about his private life.
Tom didn't really seem to be enjoying himself.
Tom could've been there, but I didn't see him.
Tom carefully planned what he was going to do.
Tom asked Mary to lie about where they'd been.
Tom apparently wants to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary were alone together on the porch.
Tom and Mary don't usually eat out on Mondays.
There are lots of people who wouldn't do that.
Other than you, I don't have any friends here.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is skating.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is fishing.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is camping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the right to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to go with us.
Mary's oldest son looks just like her husband.
Mary's husband died three hours after she did.
Mary's boyfriend is a lot younger than she is.
Mary told Tom not to kiss her in public again.
Mary told Tom about what John asked her to do.
Mary thought Tom was going to do that for her.
Mary never told us that Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary dated Tom's brother before she dated him.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her boyfriend.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to win.
It's going to take Tom a long time to do that.
It's going to be almost impossible to do that.
It's been three weeks since Tom has been here.
It's a good thing that you did that yesterday.
It's a good thing that Tom did that yesterday.
It'll take us at least three hours to do that.
It looks as if Tom won't go to Boston with us.
In October of 2013, Tom retired from coaching.
In 2013, Tom retired from professional tennis.
In 2013, Tom married Mary and moved to Boston.
If Tom goes to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
I'm sure Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you do for Mary.
I'm sure Tom appreciated what you did for him.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car anymore.
I'm glad you're coming to visit us next month.
I'm fairly certain that's not going to happen.
I wouldn't have let Tom drive if I'd been you.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I tried.
I wonder what Tom will do with all that money.
I wonder if Tom really kissed Mary last night.
I told Tom I wanted him to come here tomorrow.
I thought you said you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I think you need to stop doing that right now.
I think Tom knows he needs to help Mary today.
I think Tom expected Mary to get here earlier.
I still wonder why Tom won't let Mary do that.
I often recommend your website to my students.
I never even got to tell Tom that I loved him.
I hope Tom doesn't think we've forgotten Mary.
I don't think Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think Tom will study French next year.
I don't think Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't know where Tom will be this afternoon.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom drive.
I didn't know Tom was going to let Mary drive.
How much of a discount do you think I can get?
How much fun do you think Tom's party will be?
How many pictures have you taken so far today?
How many patients did Dr. Jackson treat today?
How long does it usually take to rotate tires?
How did Tom react when he saw Mary doing that?
Give me one good reason why I should help you.
Don't think that I'm going to let you do that.
Don't put your books on the dining room table.
Don't forget that you need to buy some onions.
Do you think we should take umbrellas with us?
Do you really think Tom will be here tomorrow?
All the boys in Mary's class think she's cute.
You should let Tom know that you can't drive.
You should let Tom know that Mary will drive.
You should get Tom to teach you how to drive.
You should ask Tom to teach you how to drive.
You don't really need to lose weight, do you?
You don't know when Tom will do that, do you?
Why do you think Tom doesn't do that anymore?
Why are you glad that that's going to happen?
When I first met Tom, he was still a student.
What Tom wanted was to another piece of cake.
We didn't know whether Tom was dead or alive.
Tom wondered why Mary wanted to study French.
Tom will unlikely be able to help Mary today.
Tom will have to take better care of himself.
Tom will come to see Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will be very sorry if he doesn't do that.
Tom will be living in Boston with his father.
Tom will be coming here later this afternoon.
Tom went back to his car to get his umbrella.
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for Mary.
Tom was the one who taught me how to do this.
Tom was hoping Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom was afraid that he might lose everything.
Tom wanted to know what had happened to Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to cook dinner for him.
Tom told me the boy talking to Mary was John.
Tom told me he wouldn't be home this weekend.
Tom told me he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told Mary to eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom told Mary about what John told him to do.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria.
Tom swore that Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom suggested that I read the contract again.
Tom still hopes Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom says it was Mary who ate all the cookies.
Tom says he knows Mary won't eat raw carrots.
Tom says he doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said that he wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom said that he was very tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was very glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was very anxious to do that.
Tom said that he was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be early.
Tom said that Mary was very unlikely do that.
Tom said that Mary was too stupid to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too sleepy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was still in her thirties.
Tom said that Mary was probably still sleepy.
Tom said that Mary was probably still eating.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at French.
Tom said that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary should've never done that.
Tom said that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary probably couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary might come back on Monday.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was happy.
Tom said that Mary has to do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary has been asked to do that.
Tom said that Mary hadn't been offered a job.
Tom said that Mary had to do that by herself.
Tom said he's not looking for a relationship.
Tom said he'd ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said he wasn't going to let Mary do that.
Tom said he was concerned about that problem.
Tom said he wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having fun.
Tom said he thought that John was Mary's son.
Tom said he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom said he thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said he thought Mary might help us today.
Tom said he thought Mary might be frightened.
Tom said Mary is going to eat dinner with us.
Tom said Mary has never eaten lunch with him.
Tom rescued a boy from drowning last weekend.
Tom probably needs at least three bodyguards.
Tom poured some milk into a bowl for his cat.
Tom plays his guitar about three hours a day.
Tom played clarinet in a Dixieland jazz band.
Tom lives less than thirty minutes from here.
Tom lived with Mary and John for three years.
Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
Tom knows Mary would rather not go to Boston.
Tom knew that I was interested in doing that.
Tom knew he had to do something to help Mary.
Tom knew Mary wanted to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom isn't the only one who saw what happened.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't like Mary.
Tom isn't the only friend Mary has in Boston.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom is trying to prevent that from happening.
Tom is the person Mary wants to do that with.
Tom is sitting over there next to the window.
Tom is probably not going to want to do that.
Tom is probably not going to help us do that.
Tom is probably not going to do that anymore.
Tom is probably never going to do that again.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is probably going to have fun doing that.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston by car.
Tom is probably going to do that next Monday.
Tom is probably going to do that again today.
Tom is probably going to be safe where he is.
Tom is never going to pay me what he owes me.
Tom is never going to let Mary do that again.
Tom is most likely going to buy the red car.
Tom is married and has a daughter named Mary.
Tom is likely going to want to do that again.
Tom is likely going to end up despising Mary.
Tom is likely going to be tempted to do that.
Tom is going to tell us what we need to know.
Tom is going to take over after Mary retires.
Tom is going to meet with all of you at 2:30.
Tom is going to make an announcement at 2:30.
Tom is going to go, no matter what Mary says.
Tom is going to go swimming tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to explain the situation to you.
Tom is going to eventually need an operation.
Tom is going to do whatever needs to be done.
Tom is going to do what Mary tells him to do.
Tom is going to do that later this afternoon.
Tom is going to be with us until next Monday.
Tom is going to be thirty years old tomorrow.
Tom is going to be starved when he gets home.
Tom is going to be in his office all morning.
Tom is going to be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom is going to be here in less than an hour.
Tom is going to be here for three more years.
Tom is going to be here for three more weeks.
Tom is going to be furious when he finds out.
Tom is going to be back in about three hours.
Tom is going to be back from Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for John.
Tom is definitely going to be at the meeting.
Tom hopes that Mary won't eat all the donuts.
Tom hoped that Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom hasn't ever lied to me, as far as I know.
Tom hasn't been spending much time with Mary.
Tom has been married to Mary a very long time.
Tom has persuaded Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom has finally found something he's good at.
Tom has been trying to make some new friends.
Tom has been playing guitar with Mary's band.
Tom has been married to Mary for a long time.
Tom has been bitten by Mary's dog many times.
Tom has already been punished for doing that.
Tom eats chocolate ice cream whenever he can.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was going to do that.
Tom didn't have to help us today, but he did.
Tom didn't eat the cookies Mary made for him.
Tom couldn't figure out how to lock the door.
Tom claimed he walked from Boston to Chicago.
Tom and Mary will never see each other again.
Tom and Mary were on the beach by themselves.
Tom and Mary got married on October 20, 2013.
Tom allowed Mary to do what she wanted to do.
This is a picture of the car that I restored.
The hospital where Tom was born is in Boston.
Tell Tom that I'll be in Australia all month.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked us to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that.
My favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate.
Maybe Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
Maybe Tom will get into to Harvard in Boston.
Mary's husband is just as stubborn as she is.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom's wife was.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband in public.
Mary came to visit us with her new boyfriend.
It's quite unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's going to take us a long time to do that.
It's going to take time to work through that.
It's going to take me a long time to do that.
It's going to take approximately three hours.
It's going to be dark by the time I get home.
It seems I'm the only one who has to do that.
It looks like Tom won't go to Boston with us.
I've never seen Tom kiss any of his children.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if we stayed here.
I'm sure Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't be at Mary's party.
I'm absolutely positive that Tom can do that.
I wouldn't be able to go even if I wanted to.
I wonder which bicycles are Tom's and Mary's.
I wasn't the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I wanted to kiss Tom yesterday, but I didn't.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom drive.
I thought Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I thought Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I think you should stop doing that right now.
I think Tom will do that in Boston next week.
I think Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I think Tom needs to talk to Mary personally.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to stay.
I ran into some friends at the train station.
I never thought I'd run into Tom in the park.
I know Tom wants us to go swimming with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't kiss Mary goodnight.
I just hope Tom does what we asked him to do.
I first met Tom at a football game in Boston.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't know who kissed Tom and I don't care.
I don't know how Tom did that, but he did it.
I don't hug my children as often as I should.
I convinced Tom to lie about where he'd been.
I can show you around town if you want me to.
I bought these flowers for Mary, not for you.
How many times a day do you check your email?
How many more months will Tom stay in Boston?
How long will it take you to clean your room?
How long does Tom expect us to wait for Mary?
Have you ever made a speech in French before?
Dr. Jackson doesn't have any female patients.
Does Tom really think Mary enjoys doing that?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to drive?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to drive?
Do you really think Tom will help us do that?
Did you do anything interesting last weekend?
Did Tom say anything about who was with Mary?
Did Tom say anything about who Mary was with?
Did Tom actually see Mary eating my sandwich?
Could what happened to Tom also happen to us?
Ask Tom if Mary will eat lunch with us today.
Are you sure you don't mind me tagging along?
Are you going to tell Tom that you love Mary?
Would you like me to teach you how to drive?
Would you happen to know where Tom was born?
Why is Tom glad that that's going to happen?
What have you accomplished so far this week?
What I'd really like is a hot cup of coffee.
We're getting the results that we hoped for.
Was Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like Mary.
Tom wouldn't lend Mary the books she wanted.
Tom works for a company that sells charcoal.
Tom wondered why Mary was eating by herself.
Tom won't likely be able to help Mary today.
Tom won't be able to fix the car by himself.
Tom will be Mary's French teacher next year.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat when I saw him.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom was the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom was supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom was fined for driving without a license.
Tom wanted to remind Mary about the meeting.
Tom very seldom kisses his children anymore.
Tom told us about how nice you were to Mary.
Tom told me that he was going to marry Mary.
Tom told me he'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom told me he needed to buy some new tools.
Tom told Mary that he'd eat lunch with John.
Tom told Mary he didn't know how to do that.
Tom told Mary John wouldn't eat out tonight.
Tom thought that what Mary said wasn't true.
Tom thought Mary would be a good babysitter.
Tom taught French in Boston for three years.
Tom slept in the car while Mary was driving.
Tom shot and killed a man who insulted Mary.
Tom says he's never seen anything like that.
Tom says he's always wanted to go to Boston.
Tom says he needs to finish what he's doing.
Tom says Mary will likely die before Monday.
Tom says Mary wants to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself in the park.
Tom said that he'd be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't obey those orders.
Tom said that he wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't let him do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely not do that.
Tom said that Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom said that Mary was too young to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too tired to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom said that Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still upset.
Tom said that Mary was probably still awake.
Tom said that Mary was probably still angry.
Tom said that Mary was probably still alone.
Tom said that Mary was probably still alive.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at chess.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be very hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed somewhat confused.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that outside.
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was busy.
Tom said that Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said that Mary has seen John doing that.
Tom said that Mary has only done that twice.
Tom said that Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom said that Mary has done that many times.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that.
Tom said that Mary could've done that alone.
Tom said he wouldn't do anything about that.
Tom said he won't do that unless I help him.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said he wasn't ready to become a father.
Tom said he thought you could help us today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was a teacher.
Tom said he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said he thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom said he thought Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said he thought I might want to do that.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that.
Tom said he thinks Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said he didn't want to do that that way.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat very much.
Tom said Mary wouldn't eat anything he made.
Tom said Mary should've done that yesterday.
Tom noticed something strange was happening.
Tom never spoke to Mary about what happened.
Tom never does anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom never did anything Mary asked him to do.
Tom needs to find another way to make money.
Tom lives with his parents in a small house.
Tom lived with his parents in a small house.
Tom lived on a small island for a few years.
Tom let us know that he didn't mind driving.
Tom knows that Mary shouldn't eat shellfish.
Tom knows Mary will probably need some help.
Tom knew the police were trying to find him.
Tom knew he was the best player on the team.
Tom knew Mary wasn't going to eat any salad.
Tom isn't the easiest guy to get along with.
Tom is wearing the shirt that Mary gave him.
Tom is trying to explain everything to Mary.
Tom is the only person who understands Mary.
Tom is the one who taught me how to do this.
Tom is still helping Mary with her homework.
Tom is sick and so he can't help Mary today.
Tom is probably not going to try to do that.
Tom is probably going to make some mistakes.
Tom is probably going to forget his promise.
Tom is probably going to do that by himself.
Tom is probably going to cry if Mary leaves.
Tom is probably going to be late for dinner.
Tom is probably going to be grouchy all day.
Tom is probably going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is now living in Boston with his father.
Tom is never going to stop needing our help.
Tom is never going to permit you to do that.
Tom is never going to notice the difference.
Tom is never going to let you do that again.
Tom is never going to admit that he's wrong.
Tom is going to stay with us for three days.
Tom is going to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom is going to start his new job on Monday.
Tom is going to regret that sooner or later.
Tom is going to need to wait a while longer.
Tom is going to need a couple of bodyguards.
Tom is going to know about this soon enough.
Tom is going to have to go there by himself.
Tom is going to have a good time doing that.
Tom is going to go whether Mary does or not.
Tom is going to go to the concert with Mary.
Tom is going to give Mary the details later.
Tom is going to get you everything you need.
Tom is going to eventually agree to do that.
Tom is going to eat as soon as he gets home.
Tom is going to do whatever it takes to win.
Tom is going to do what he can to help Mary.
Tom is going to do that when his turn comes.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, I suppose.
Tom is going to do that right the next time.
Tom is going to come to Australia next year.
Tom is going to be with me all day tomorrow.
Tom is going to be staying here for a while.
Tom is going to be our next class president.
Tom is going to be in Boston until tomorrow.
Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to be hungry when he gets here.
Tom is going to be homeless by next October.
Tom is going to be happy to see that happen.
Tom is going to be forgiven for what he did.
Tom is going to be away for at least a week.
Tom is going to be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom is determined to find out what happened.
Tom is definitely going to do that sometime.
Tom is afraid that he might lose everything.
Tom hopes that Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom has recently moved into a new apartment.
Tom has asked Mary about that several times.
Tom hardly ever kisses his children anymore.
Tom had lunch with Mary in Boston last week.
Tom had a party at his place Monday evening.
Tom had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
Tom got mad at me for not listening to Mary.
Tom got a very low score on his French test.
Tom got Mary to do what we wanted her to do.
Tom found the stolen jewelry in Mary's room.
Tom found the necklace Mary said she'd lost.
Tom expects all three of us to go with Mary.
Tom drives the way Mary taught him to drive.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with Mary.
Tom doesn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was going to Boston.
Tom didn't really seem to be having any fun.
Tom didn't know how to handle the situation.
Tom didn't come in to work today until 2:30.
Tom couldn't get Mary to eat her vegetables.
Tom borrowed a pair of sunglasses from Mary.
Tom ate the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom asked me where Mary had gone to college.
Tom asked Mary where he should park his car.
Tom and Mary want to get married right away.
Tom and Mary kissed each other passionately.
Tom and Mary have started dating each other.
Tom and Mary first met at a party in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't often eat lunch together.
Tom and Mary are hanging up the laundry now.
Tom and Mary are getting married next month.
Tom and Mary adopted John when he was three.
There were some new students in class today.
That was the last time that I talked to Tom.
Thanks for reminding me to take my medicine.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't easy.
Please make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Nothing is going to stop me from doing that.
Nothing is going to keep me from doing that.
No matter what happens, I'll try to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stop doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has refused to do that.
Mary's husband picked her up at the station.
Mary told Tom that she was moving to Boston.
Mary told Tom she wanted something to drink.
Mary told Tom she didn't eat out very often.
Mary told Tom she could hang up the laundry.
Mary says she knows Tom can't eat chestnuts.
Mary said that she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary said that Tom was smarter than she was.
Mary said she wasn't going to let Tom drive.
Mary said she thought she could impress Tom.
Mary said she thought Tom would be punctual.
Mary said she thought Tom understood French.
Mary said she thought Tom probably did that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be able win.
Mary said she thought Tom had been careless.
Mary never told me that Tom was her brother.
Mary is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
Mary is no longer the shy girl she once was.
Mary hardly ever kisses her husband anymore.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her husband.
Last summer, I moved to Boston from Chicago.
Last summer, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
It's probably going to be unsafe to do that.
It's probably going to be tiring to do that.
It's probably going to be boring to do that.
It's only going to take a couple of minutes.
It's just going to take about three minutes.
It's going to take three hours to get there.
It's going to take a lot of time to do that.
It's going to cost more than thirty dollars.
I'm sure Tom will have no desire to do that.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car again.
I'm glad I lied to Tom about where I'd been.
I'll give these books to whoever wants them.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I wonder which jackets are Tom's and Mary's.
I wonder whether Tom would really help Mary.
I wonder what made Tom lie to us about that.
I was waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I was really scared Tom was going to hit me.
I was going to tell Tom about that tomorrow.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I didn't.
I usually take a shower before going to bed.
I thought Tom would apologize, but he didn't.
I think your French has gotten a lot better.
I think Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I knew Tom would love the gift you gave him.
I hope Tom will do what he's supposed to do.
I have visited Tom multiple times in Boston.
I don't think we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't know who Tom will go to Boston with.
I didn't know whether Tom was dead or alive.
How much would you charge to do that for me?
How much money did Tom steal last yesterday?
How much fire insurance do you think I need?
How much chocolate did you eat last weekend?
How many pounds do you think I need to lose?
How long have you been living in this house?
How long has Tom been trying to lose weight?
How long did it take you to clean your room?
How did you know Tom was going to kiss Mary?
Fortunately, Tom didn't die in the accident.
Do you think Tom is ever going to kiss Mary?
Do you really have enough money to buy this?
Did Tom really expect Mary to eat that much?
Are you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Are you going anywhere this summer vacation?
A burglar broke into Tom's house last night.
You're not going to let Tom drive, are you?
You should let Tom know that you can drive.
You haven't forgotten to do that, have you?
Why don't you go to the zoo with Tom today?
Why doesn't Tom want Mary to eat with John?
Why didn't you say that in the first place?
Where did you stay when you were in Boston?
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.
When do you think Tom will want to do that?
When Tom got home, Mary was already asleep.
What time do you usually get off from work?
Were you able to persuade Tom to volunteer?
We're a better team than we were last year.
We don't know whether Tom will come or not.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like Mary.
Tom's flight is supposed to arrive at 2:30.
Tom would've helped you if you'd asked him.
Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
Tom won't need to walk home this afternoon.
Tom won't be upset if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom won't be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will stay in Boston with us next month.
Tom will have to deal with that on his own.
Tom will go to the airport to pick Mary up.
Tom will find out who did that, eventually.
Tom will be playing guitar with us tonight.
Tom will be old enough to drink in October.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the store.
Tom wasn't able to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom was waiting outside for thirty minutes.
Tom was the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom was supposed to be paid for doing that.
Tom was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Tom was able to help today for a few hours.
Tom wants to try doing something different.
Tom wanted me to buy some firewood for him.
Tom walked into the room, carrying flowers.
Tom told me he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he was moving to Boston.
Tom told Mary she needed to eat more fruit.
Tom told Mary he wanted something to drink.
Tom told Mary he didn't eat out very often.
Tom told Mary he could hang up the laundry.
Tom threw Mary's sunglasses out the window.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that with him.
Tom thought Mary had tried to kill herself.
Tom thinks he'd be a good basketball coach.
Tom taught Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom talked Mary into eating lunch with him.
Tom still lives in Boston with his parents.
Tom showed Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom shot and killed a man who attacked him.
Tom says it was Mary who ate your sandwich.
Tom says he won't be able to help us today.
Tom says he knows Mary can't eat chestnuts.
Tom says Mary's children are scared of him.
Tom said they accomplished a lot yesterday.
Tom said that he wasn't through doing that.
Tom said that he wasn't tempted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't feeling very tired.
Tom said that he wasn't at today's meeting.
Tom said that he was very glad he did that.
Tom said that he was very eager to do that.
Tom said that he was going to be very late.
Tom said that he was determined to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't do that either.
Tom said that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too weak to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary was tired of doing that.
Tom said that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be absent.
Tom said that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary should do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having fun.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that Mary has finished doing that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't do that either.
Tom said he wouldn't have to do that alone.
Tom said he wouldn't have to do that again.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to go with us.
Tom said he wasn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom said he was worried about his daughter.
Tom said he wanted me to help him tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he should study French.
Tom said he thought he had to study French.
Tom said he thought he had to speak French.
Tom said he thought he could help us today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom said he thought Mary understood French.
Tom said he thought Mary probably did that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be able win.
Tom said he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom said he didn't want me to wait for him.
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd eat with her.
Tom refused to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom really needs to buy a new set of tires.
Tom put the vacuum cleaner into the closet.
Tom planned to meet Mary on Monday at 2:30.
Tom never talks about what he does at work.
Tom might've walked to school this morning.
Tom managed to get some sleep on the plane.
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.
Tom lived in Australia when he was younger.
Tom knows Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom knew that I'd be the last one to leave.
Tom knew that I was hiding in the basement.
Tom just stood there and didn't do anything.
Tom isn't living in Boston with his father.
Tom isn't interested in doing that with us.
Tom isn't as disorganized as he used to be.
Tom is unlikely to walk to the supermarket.
Tom is probably not going to do that today.
Tom is probably not going to do that again.
Tom is probably not going to come tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to stay here tonight.
Tom is probably going to refuse to do that.
Tom is probably going to leave next Monday.
Tom is probably going to help a little bit.
Tom is probably going to do that next week.
Tom is probably going to become frustrated.
Tom is probably going to be pretty nervous.
Tom is probably going to be grumpy all day.
Tom is probably going to be back by Monday.
Tom is probably finished doing that by now.
Tom is now in his freshman year at Harvard.
Tom is not going to show it to anyone else.
Tom is never going to let Mary talk to you.
Tom is never going to allow you to do that.
Tom is looking for a way to make ends meet.
Tom is likely not even going to try to win.
Tom is likely never going to do that again.
Tom is likely going to do that later today.
Tom is just a normal thirteen-year-old boy.
Tom is hoping Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom is going to need to do that by himself.
Tom is going to help you do that, isn't he?
Tom is going to help Mary do that, I think.
Tom is going to have to sleep on the floor.
Tom is going to have to pay for everything.
Tom is going to have to do that on his own.
Tom is going to have the chance to do that.
Tom is going to go to Australia in October.
Tom is going to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to do whatever you ask him to.
Tom is going to do whatever has to be done.
Tom is going to do what he can to help you.
Tom is going to do that your way next time.
Tom is going to do that with Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to come to Boston this summer.
Tom is going to come to Boston next Monday.
Tom is going to be with me the entire time.
Tom is going to be with Mary all afternoon.
Tom is going to be upset if he doesn't win.
Tom is going to be there tomorrow for sure.
Tom is going to be there in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is going to be really happy to see you.
Tom is going to be punished for doing that.
Tom is going to be playing tennis tomorrow.
Tom is going to be out of town for a while.
Tom is going to be irritated by that noise.
Tom is going to be here in fifteen minutes.
Tom is going to be forgiven for doing that.
Tom is going to be back tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is going to be back before you know it.
Tom is going to be arriving in the morning.
Tom is going to be appearing on TV tonight.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for us.
Tom is depressed because his wife left him.
Tom is a third-year law student at Harvard.
Tom is a little better at guitar than Mary.
Tom invited Mary to Boston for the weekend.
Tom hugged Mary and said that he loved her.
Tom hasn't yet read the committee's report.
Tom hasn't spoken with Mary in a long time.
Tom has three sisters and an older brother.
Tom has something he needs to do right now.
Tom has been spending a lot time with Mary.
Tom has been sharpening knives all morning.
Tom has been playing tennis a lot recently.
Tom has always wanted to be a fire fighter.
Tom hardly ever sees his daughter anymore.
Tom had no idea Mary was going to be there.
Tom eventually told me what I needed to do.
Tom didn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't turn up at the party last night.
Tom didn't know who was going to help Mary.
Tom could've done that if you'd helped him.
Tom could probably teach Mary how to drive.
Tom can probably walk without crutches now.
Tom came here yesterday morning to help us.
Tom called Mary three times this afternoon.
Tom called Mary in the middle of the night.
Tom became fluent in French fairly quickly.
Tom apparently walked to work this morning.
Tom and Mary still live with their parents.
Tom and Mary soon became very good friends.
Tom and Mary sometimes go jogging together.
Tom and Mary live in the same neighborhood.
Tom and Mary don't kiss each other anymore.
Tom and I don't walk as much as we used to.
Tom already knows you want to talk to Mary.
This isn't the right time to be doing this.
There's nothing I like more than spaghetti.
There are several possible ways to do that.
The doctor says that Tom will be all right.
The children want you to read them a story.
Tell Tom that we're not going to help Mary.
Something really should be done about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to do that.
My favorite kind of ice cream is chocolate.
Most of the people I know can speak French.
Mary wouldn't tell me her boyfriend's name.
Mary told Tom that she was getting married.
Mary told Tom that she had a new boyfriend.
Mary showed Tom where she hid the diamonds.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that for Tom.
Mary said she thought that Tom was married.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely win.
Mary said she thought Tom would be worried.
Mary said she thought Tom would be nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom would be jealous.
Mary said she thought Tom would be grouchy.
Mary said she thought Tom would be careful.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to win.
Mary said she thought Tom seemed depressed.
Mary said she thought Tom ought to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom looked exhausted.
Mary said she thought Tom didn't like John.
Mary said she didn't want to let Tom drive.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was late.
Mary let Tom know that she wanted to drive.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband anymore.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her ex-husband.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend yesterday.
Let's find somewhere to sit near the front.
Let me show you some pictures of my family.
It's probably going to rain this afternoon.
It's probably going to be tough to do that.
It's probably going to be snowing tomorrow.
It's probably going to be raining tomorrow.
It's probably going to be cheap to do that.
It's just going to take a few more minutes.
It's going to take us hours to finish this.
It's going to stop snowing sooner or later.
It's going to cost you more to go by plane.
It's going to cost at least thirty dollars.
It's been a while since I've talked to Tom.
It might be a good idea to stop doing that.
Is Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
I've finished reading the book you lent me.
I'm sure Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I'm sorry I'm late. My alarm didn't go off.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't be interested.
I'm going to buy myself a birthday present.
I'm absolutely positive that I can do that.
I'd rather not kiss Tom if I don't have to.
I wonder if that'll happen in our lifetimes.
I wish you'd stop lying to us all the time.
I wish I could help you today, but I can't.
I wanted to drive, but Tom wouldn't let me.
I want to know if you know where Tom works.
I want to know if you know where Tom lives.
I want to know if Tom knows how to do that.
I tried to hug Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I told Tom he could buy whatever he wanted.
I told Tom he could buy anything he wanted.
I thought I saw Tom kissing Mary yesterday.
I think we shouldn't let Tom drive anymore.
I think we all know that that's a bad idea.
I think Tom won't stop crying anytime soon.
I think Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I think Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I spend a lot of time doing things for Tom.
I sang in the church choir for three years.
I intend to lie to Tom about what happened.
I don't think you should be doing that now.
I don't think this is exactly what we need.
I don't think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think Mary would leave her husband.
I didn't let Tom talk me into helping Mary.
I didn't allow Tom do what he wanted to do.
I did know that Tom used to live in Boston.
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?
How much more work do you have to do today?
How much more weight does Tom want to lose?
How much do you think I could make busking?
How much coffee did you drink this morning?
How many pounds do you think I should lose?
How long did it take you to read that book?
How long did it take Tom to get here today?
How did Tom get Mary to eat her vegetables?
Eventually Tom purchased a house in Boston.
Do you really think Tom will let you drive?
Could you please be quiet? Tom is sleeping.
Are you still working for the same company?
Are you going to take an umbrella with you?
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "In the garden."
You should've asked me to do that for you.
You said Tom wouldn't kiss me, but he did.
Would you happen to know why Tom was late?
Where do you think Tom will go to college?
When was the last time Tom came to Boston?
When and where did you and Tom first kiss?
Were you able to persuade Tom to help you?
We still don't know what Tom will do next.
We shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
Tom's family lived in Boston at that time.
Tom wouldn't likely go camping by himself.
Tom wouldn't let you go there by yourself.
Tom works for a company that sells bricks.
Tom won't be very happy if Mary does that.
Tom will try to convince you to help Mary.
Tom will see if Mary can help us tomorrow.
Tom will probably walk to school tomorrow.
Tom will need more money than what he has.
Tom will love the present you got for him.
Tom will learn how to do that, eventually.
Tom will hurt himself if he's not careful.
Tom will go to the beach with us tomorrow.
Tom will be very uncomfortable doing that.
Tom will be really disappointed, won't he?
Tom will be eating dinner with us tonight.
Tom will be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom went to Boston three times last month.
Tom went to Boston three times in October.
Tom wasn't too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't the only one who saw something.
Tom wasn't the only one who believed that.
Tom wasn't able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom was the only boy Mary saw in the park.
Tom was in the basement a few minutes ago.
Tom was hoping you could do that for Mary.
Tom was here a while ago looking for Mary.
Tom was expecting a little more than that.
Tom was afraid people might laugh at Mary.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him do that.
Tom took Mary's suitcase out of the trunk.
Tom told the police that he'd been robbed.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged.
Tom told Mary that he was getting married.
Tom thought that Mary had eaten breakfast.
Tom thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that for him.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to help him.
Tom thinks Mary is still living in Boston.
Tom suggested that I not hug Mary anymore.
Tom studies French after dinner every day.
Tom still lives in Boston with his father.
Tom spent a weekend in Boston last summer.
Tom spends most of his time reading books.
Tom showed Mary where he hid the diamonds.
Tom should've never been asked to do that.
Tom says he doesn't have time for romance.
Tom said that he'd been forced to do that.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that for sure.
Tom said that Mary wasn't very supportive.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at school today.
Tom said that Mary was worried about John.
Tom said that Mary was willing to help us.
Tom said that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom said that Mary was too young to drink.
Tom said that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still mad.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be upset.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be tired.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be ready.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be early.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be drunk.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be bored.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be awake.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be angry.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be alone.
Tom said that Mary was happy she did that.
Tom said that Mary was going to Australia.
Tom said that Mary was being hypocritical.
Tom said that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary wants to do that today.
Tom said that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom said that Mary should've left earlier.
Tom said that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that Mary should be more patient.
Tom said that Mary probably won't do that.
Tom said that Mary probably wasn't scared.
Tom said that Mary needs to do that today.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that soon.
Tom said that Mary might return on Monday.
Tom said that Mary might agree to do that.
Tom said that Mary looked really confused.
Tom said that Mary didn't sound surprised.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem suspicious.
Tom said that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very tired.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said his parents are getting divorced.
Tom said he'd be glad to do that for Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't do that until Monday.
Tom said he wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom said he wouldn't do anything about it.
Tom said he wouldn't be back until Monday.
Tom said he wanted something hot to drink.
Tom said he wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that we could do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was married.
Tom said he thought he'd find another job.
Tom said he thought he could impress Mary.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely win.
Tom said he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom said he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom said he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to win.
Tom said he thought Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't like John.
Tom said he thought I'd already done that.
Tom said he felt bad about what he'd done.
Tom said he didn't want to let Mary drive.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was late.
Tom said Mary might not eat lunch with us.
Tom recommended that I go there by myself.
Tom noticed that Mary was talking to John.
Tom needs more than three hundred dollars.
Tom looks almost identical to his brother.
Tom let Mary know that he wanted to drive.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be awake.
Tom knew that I was determined to do that.
Tom kissed Mary twice, once on each cheek.
Tom isn't very likely to hug Mary anymore.
Tom isn't as spontaneous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as hardworking as he used to be.
Tom isn't as cooperative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as competitive as he used to be.
Tom is very interested in classical music.
Tom is trying to keep that from happening.
Tom is the person who helped Mary do that.
Tom is the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom is the least likely person to do that.
Tom is swimming with his kids in the pool.
Tom is staying at the hotel near my house.
Tom is probably never going to walk again.
Tom is probably going to stop crying soon.
Tom is probably going to let Mary do that.
Tom is probably going to do that tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be here tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to agree to do that.
Tom is one of my most interesting friends.
Tom is on his way to Mary's apartment now.
Tom is never going to find out about this.
Tom is likely going to follow your advice.
Tom is likely going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is in Boston visiting his grandmother.
Tom is grateful for what you did for Mary.
Tom is going to talk to us about it later.
Tom is going to take care of the children.
Tom is going to stay here with us tonight.
Tom is going to stay here for three weeks.
Tom is going to regret it sooner or later.
Tom is going to notify us if that happens.
Tom is going to meet you tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to have to do that elsewhere.
Tom is going to go to Australia next week.
Tom is going to get the chance to do that.
Tom is going to get fired if he does that.
Tom is going to get all the help he needs.
Tom is going to freeze to death out there.
Tom is going to follow my advice, I think.
Tom is going to find a way to get it done.
Tom is going to figure out how to do that.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow for sure.
Tom is going to do that as soon as he can.
Tom is going to be with me the whole time.
Tom is going to be waiting at the station.
Tom is going to be ready in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to be here when you get back.
Tom is going to be here until next Monday.
Tom is going to be here next week, I hope.
Tom is going to be happy to see you again.
Tom is going to be glad he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be delighted to hear that.
Tom is going to be back in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to be at home this afternoon.
Tom is going to be a good father, I think.
Tom is expected back in Boston in October.
Tom is definitely going to try to do that.
Tom hugged Mary and then got on the train.
Tom hasn't been married to Mary very long.
Tom has until Monday to finish the report.
Tom has tried to kill himself three times.
Tom has pictures of Mary wearing a bikini.
Tom has decided to go back home to Boston.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom has been trying to live a normal life.
Tom has been spending more time with Mary.
Tom has been ready to do that for a while.
Tom has asked Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom has a tattoo of an eagle on his chest.
Tom found the necklace that Mary had lost.
Tom fell in love with one of his students.
Tom fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
Tom eventually told me what I ought to do.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary does that.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to eat so much candy.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom didn't say where or when to meet Mary.
Tom didn't really expect to find anything.
Tom didn't read the message Mary sent him.
Tom didn't know what was likely to happen?
Tom didn't have time to go shopping today.
Tom didn't get home until late last night.
Tom didn't expect you to do that for Mary.
Tom couldn't find his way out of the cave.
Tom couldn't come today because he's sick.
Tom could probably teach you how to drive.
Tom convinced Mary to make him a sandwich.
Tom asked Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to go to the park with him.
Tom and Mary sat side by side on the sofa.
Tom and Mary hung up the laundry together.
Tom and Mary don't hug each other anymore.
Tom and Mary adopted John three years ago.
Tom and I'll hang up the laundry together.
Tom agreed to meet with Mary in the lobby.
They knocked thirty dollars off the price.
There's nothing I like more than swimming.
There's not much chance of that happening.
There's a jewelry store not far from here.
There was nothing we could do to help Tom.
The book I bought yesterday was expensive.
Personally, I think you shouldn't do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that again.
Mary's husband told me she wasn't at home.
Mary will do anything she can to help Tom.
Mary wasn't a popular girl in high school.
Mary told Tom she wanted something to eat.
Mary talked to Tom about that, didn't she?
Mary showed us a picture of her boyfriend.
Mary showed me a picture of her boyfriend.
Mary says she wants to show Tom something.
Mary plans to break up with her boyfriend.
Mary looks almost identical to her sister.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary bought herself a dress for the party.
Many of Tom's friends think he's a genius.
It's unlikely that Tom will be here today.
It's time for the kids to go to bed.
It's probably going to be safe to do that.
It's going to take longer than you expect.
It's going to take a long time to do that.
It's going to be sunny tomorrow afternoon.
It's going to be crowded everywhere today.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't do that.
It seems Tom is having trouble doing that.
It looks like Tom hasn't shaved in a week.
I've been studying French for three hours.
I'm sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I'm sure Tom could teach you how to drive.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be there tonight.
I'm going to give all my possessions away.
I'll tell Tom you're not going to do that.
I'd rather not do that if I don't have to.
I'd like to stay here for three more days.
I wonder if Tom's friends would help Mary.
I wonder if Tom really did that on Monday.
I wonder how much Tom got paid to do that.
I wish Tom hadn't lied to Mary about that.
I wish I could do that today, but I can't.
I was the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I want to know if you know how to do that.
I tried to hug Tom, but he pushed me away.
I think that's going to happen quite soon.
I think Tom should do that somewhere else.
I think Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I think Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I think I'll never get used to doing this.
I suppose I really ought to do that today.
I really don't like the way Tom does that.
I never listen to classical music anymore.
I have a few friends who can speak French.
I had to drive home because Tom was drunk.
I find it hard to understand Tom's French.
I doubt Tom will come to Boston this year.
I don't think you should do that with Tom.
I don't think Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't really like the way Tom does that.
I don't always kiss my children goodnight.
I can't remember what happened after that.
How much time will it take you to do that?
How much time will it take Tom to do that?
How much money do you usually have on you?
How many times a month does Tom come here?
How many sandwiches did Tom make for Mary?
How long have you spent doing that so far?
How long do you intend to keep doing that?
How do you think Tom will propose to Mary?
How did you find out that Tom kissed Mary?
How did Tom know we were looking for Mary?
Have you told Tom why you don't like Mary?
Don't mothers kiss their children anymore?
Do you think Tom will come to pick you up?
Do you think Tom is ever going to do that?
Do you still feel like eating out tonight?
Do you have anything planned for tomorrow?
Did Tom tell Mary why he ate her sandwich?
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with Mary?
Did Tom ask Mary why she ate his sandwich?
Could you tell me where I can park my car?
Can you help me clean up before you leave?
Are you sure that Tom is Mary's boyfriend?
About thirty people were severely injured.
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "On the cheek."
You're just the person I was looking for.
You don't speak French very well, do you?
Would you like me to unwrap that for you?
Would you happen to know where Tom lives?
Would it be all right if I let Tom drive?
Would Tom care if Mary ate lunch with me?
With friends like Tom, who needs enemies?
Why isn't Tom hanging up the laundry now?
Why don't you want to go to school today?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like Boston?
Why do you let Tom to treat you that way?
Why didn't you do what I asked you to do?
Who does Tom think is going to help Mary?
Who did Tom think would do that for Mary?
Who did Tom think was going to meet Mary?
Who did Tom say went to Boston with Mary?
Who did Tom say borrowed money from Mary?
When was the last time you sang with Tom?
When was the last time Tom took a shower?
When was the last time Tom sang with you?
When was the last time Tom drove a truck?
When do you think Tom will want to leave?
When I first met Tom, he was a bartender.
What do you think Tom's favorite food is?
What Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
We don't know what caused that to happen.
Tom's wife died three hours after he did.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sing with his band.
Tom wouldn't be doing that now, would he?
Tom would do anything to keep Mary happy.
Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
Tom won't be very comfortable doing that.
Tom won't be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will do anything he can to help Mary.
Tom will be waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom will be very angry if Mary does that.
Tom will be in Boston all week, won't he?
Tom went to Boston three times last year.
Tom wasn't supposed to receive any money.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to eat so much.
Tom was working for an insurance company.
Tom was wondering what would happen next.
Tom was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom was the one who organized everything.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby.
Tom was hoping we could do that for Mary.
Tom was here for several hours yesterday.
Tom wants to throw all these things away.
Tom wants to know who your girlfriend is.
Tom wants to get rid of all these things.
Tom wanted to spend all day on the beach.
Tom wanted to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him after school.
Tom tried to prevent that from happening.
Tom tried to persuade me to go with Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to do that for him.
Tom told Mary he wanted something to eat.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to do that.
Tom thought Mary knew who his father was.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely eat dessert.
Tom talked to Mary about that, didn't he?
Tom stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom spent the rest of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the next three years in Boston.
Tom spent most of his time reading books.
Tom should have someone do that for Mary.
Tom says he won't walk to school anymore.
Tom says he wants to talk about it later.
Tom says he wants to show Mary something.
Tom says he isn't in the mood to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to work outside.
Tom saw a bag of groceries in Mary's car.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother Mary.
Tom said that tomorrow isn't soon enough.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be late.
Tom said that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he was finished doing that.
Tom said that he felt very uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary would very likely win.
Tom said that Mary would very likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would most likely win.
Tom said that Mary would likely complain.
Tom said that Mary would be coming later.
Tom said that Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary wasn't very surprised.
Tom said that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going anywhere.
Tom said that Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom said that Mary wasn't claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid of John.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid anymore.
Tom said that Mary was worried about you.
Tom said that Mary was working in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was probably still up.
Tom said that Mary was here this morning.
Tom said that Mary was going to help him.
Tom said that Mary was at home on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was afraid of spiders.
Tom said that Mary was a reckless driver.
Tom said that Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be confused.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that, too.
Tom said that Mary looked very surprised.
Tom said that Mary is usually never late.
Tom said that Mary has been to Australia.
Tom said that Mary has been feeling sick.
Tom said that Mary has been busy all day.
Tom said that Mary has agreed to do that.
Tom said that Mary hardly ever does that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be mad.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very busy.
Tom said that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said he'd never testify against Mary.
Tom said he wanted to meet Mary's family.
Tom said he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom said he thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom said he thought Mary would be hungry.
Tom said he thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom said he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said he thought Mary was still awake.
Tom said he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he thought Mary looked confused.
Tom said he doesn't have very much money.
Tom said Mary won't likely eat very much.
Tom said Mary hardly ever eats asparagus.
Tom recognized Mary and John immediately.
Tom really has to buy a new set of tires.
Tom promised me that he'd do that for me.
Tom promised Mary he'd come to her party.
Tom picked up all the coins on the floor.
Tom noticed that Mary wasn't in the room.
Tom needed to explain everything to Mary.
Tom moved from Boston to Chicago in 2013.
Tom looks older than his younger brother.
Tom lives in a middle-class neighborhood.
Tom likes geography, science and history.
Tom likely won't walk to school tomorrow.
Tom let Mary know that he couldn't drive.
Tom knows why Mary didn't eat any dinner.
Tom knows the police are looking for him.
Tom knows that Mary didn't eat any lunch.
Tom knew the police were looking for him.
Tom knew that something bad might happen.
Tom knew that something bad had happened.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be home.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be busy.
Tom knew that I was reluctant to do that.
Tom knew that I was motivated to do that.
Tom knew that I was desperate to do that.
Tom isn't very good at sharpening knives.
Tom isn't the only one who saw something.
Tom isn't the only one who believes that.
Tom isn't really a French teacher, is he?
Tom isn't interested in doing that today.
Tom isn't as unfriendly as he used to be.
Tom isn't as supportive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as overweight as he used to be.
Tom isn't as optimistic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as dependable as he used to be.
Tom is waiting outside the movie theater.
Tom is the only boy Mary has ever kissed.
Tom is probably going to stop doing that.
Tom is probably going to leave next week.
Tom is probably going to be leaving soon.
Tom is probably going to be here all day.
Tom is probably going to be back by 2:30.
Tom is playing with his kids in the pool.
Tom is going to work in Boston next year.
Tom is going to want to know you're here.
Tom is going to visit Boston this summer.
Tom is going to try and stop me for sure.
Tom is going to teach you how to do that.
Tom is going to take care of that for us.
Tom is going to show Mary how to do that.
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.
Tom is going to make sure Mary does that.
Tom is going to have to do that tomorrow.
Tom is going to have his house repainted.
Tom is going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom is going to give it to Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to give Mary what she wants.
Tom is going to give Mary what she needs.
Tom is going to get here sooner or later.
Tom is going to find some way to do that.
Tom is going to find out sooner or later.
Tom is going to do what I tell him to do.
Tom is going to do that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom is going to do that with us tomorrow.
Tom is going to do that when he has time.
Tom is going to do that when he comes in.
Tom is going to do that for you, I think.
Tom is going to do that even if it rains.
Tom is going to be working all afternoon.
Tom is going to be with Mary all morning.
Tom is going to be out of town next week.
Tom is going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is going to be here till next Monday.
Tom is going to be here in just a moment.
Tom is going to be here in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be busy tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to be back in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be arriving an hour late.
Tom is going to be able to come tomorrow.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston at 2:30.
Tom is expecting a little more than that.
Tom is definitely never going to do that.
Tom is certainly going to try to do that.
Tom is afraid people might laugh at Mary.
Tom invited too many people to his party.
Tom invited a lot of people to his party.
Tom hoped he could get his children back.
Tom has told Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom has difficulty controlling his anger.
Tom has decided to return home to Boston.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to come in.
Tom has been told to stay away from Mary.
Tom has been on life support for a while.
Tom has been in prison for several years.
Tom has always walked with a slight limp.
Tom has always dreamed of being a father.
Tom has always been a really hard worker.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet Mary.
Tom eventually told me what had happened.
Tom encouraged Mary to apply for the job.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife in public.
Tom didn't know how sick Mary really was.
Tom didn't help Mary carry her suitcases.
Tom caught Mary and John stealing apples.
Tom called Mary to see how she was doing.
Tom became fluent in French very quickly.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my scooter.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to drive.
Tom and Mary work in the same department.
Tom and Mary want to get married someday.
Tom and Mary often watch movies together.
Tom and Mary got married in October 2013.
Tom and Mary agreed to meet in the lobby.
This should've been done a long time ago.
This is a picture of one of my paintings.
There's a good restaurant on Park Street.
The post office isn't very far from here.
The police recovered Tom's stolen wallet.
That should've been done a long time ago.
Our supplies won't last very much longer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing that.
My flight was supposed to arrive at 2:30.
My favorite modern writer is Tom Jackson.
Most of the people I know live in Boston.
Monday night is pizza night at our house.
Mary said she knew who Tom's ex-wife was.
Mary is visiting her boyfriend in Boston.
Mary is still your girlfriend, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself as Tom's ex-wife.
Make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
It's quite likely to rain this afternoon.
It's probably not a good idea to do that.
It's probably going to be fun to do that.
It's just not possible for me to do that.
It's going to take time to get that done.
It's going to stop snowing soon, I think.
It's going to cost around thirty dollars.
It's going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's been years since I've played tennis.
It'll take us more than a day to do that.
If you do that this way, it'll be easier.
I've spent my last few summers in Boston.
I'm sure Tom will get used to doing that.
I'm really looking forward to doing that.
I'm prepared to lie for Tom if I have to.
I'm counting the days till Tom gets here.
I'm afraid I don't share your enthusiasm.
I'll go to Boston next week to visit Tom.
I'll come back for you in thirty minutes.
I'd really like to speak French fluently.
I wonder why Tom lied to Mary about that.
I wonder who the woman talking to Tom is.
I wonder what Tom will do this afternoon.
I wanted to kiss Tom again, but I didn't.
I think that's going to happen very soon.
I think Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
I think Tom wants me to do that with him.
I think Tom wants me to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom could teach you how to drive.
I sat on a park bench and waited for Tom.
I sat on a park bench and studied French.
I hope Tom will like what I made for him.
I hope Tom knows he has to help us today.
I have lots of other things I want to do.
I have lots of other things I need to do.
I have lots of other things I have to do.
I guess that's why Tom never got married.
I don't yet know what we'll do on Monday.
I don't often drive over the speed limit.
I don't have any friends who like opera.
I could've done that better than Tom did.
I can't even imagine my life without Tom.
I can help you do that if you want me to.
I came to pick Tom up and drive him home.
How much sugar do you put in your coffee?
How much more weight do you want to lose?
How much money do you think we have left?
How much do we actually have to do today?
How much distance have we covered so far?
How much did Tom pay you to mow the lawn?
How much did Tom pay you to mow his lawn?
How much chocolate do you think Tom eats?
How much chocolate did Tom eat yesterday?
How much cheese did you eat last weekend?
How many years has Tom been working here?
How many times a week does Tom come here?
How many pounds did Tom lose last summer?
How many people came into the shop today?
How many months has Tom been living here?
How long would it take to paint the roof?
How long would it take to change the oil?
How long does Tom expect us to help Mary?
How long do you intend to stay in Boston?
How do you think you did on today's test?
How did you know Tom wanted to kiss Mary?
How did Tom react when you told him that?
Has anyone heard any good jokes recently?
Give me one good reason I should do that.
Do you happen to know where Tom was born?
Could Tom have been the one who did that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't want to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't need to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't have to do that?
You shouldn't have kissed Tom yesterday.
You should've told me about that sooner.
You can't possibly expect me to do that.
Would it be OK if Tom stayed for dinner?
Why do you think Tom doesn't trust Mary?
Why didn't you buy any vegetables today?
Who are some of your favorite musicians?
Where do you think Tom will be tomorrow?
What do you and Tom usually do together?
What time are you planning to go to bed?
What have you accomplished so far today?
We're flying back to Boston on the 20th.
We were unaware that that was happening.
We know that Tom doesn't always do that.
Try not to think about Tom all the time.
Tom, Mary and John all ought to do that.
Tom's wife picked him up at the station.
Tom's wife is just as stubborn as he is.
Tom's office was broken into last night.
Tom's parents are getting divorced.
Tom's French is better than his English.
Tom wouldn't let anything happen to you.
Tom wouldn't answer any of my questions.
Tom would never say something like that.
Tom would never marry someone like Mary.
Tom worked as a plumber for three years.
Tom won't go to Boston with us, will he?
Tom won't be very happy if Mary is late.
Tom won't allow Mary to hug him anymore.
Tom woke Mary up and kissed her goodbye.
Tom will write a letter to Mary tonight.
Tom will unlikely walk home in the rain.
Tom will pay you a visit this afternoon.
Tom will need to get used to doing that.
Tom will likely lose everything he owns.
Tom will learn how to drive this summer.
Tom will have to get used to doing that.
Tom will have to do that all by himself.
Tom will give me a haircut this weekend.
Tom will get killed if he's not careful.
Tom will get here earlier than expected.
Tom will be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be in prison for several years.
Tom will be a college student next year.
Tom will ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom went to Boston to live with his father.
Tom was the one who took these pictures.
Tom was the one who planted these trees.
Tom was the last one to leave the store.
Tom was surprised that Mary ate so much.
Tom was still doing that when I saw him.
Tom was married to Mary for a long time.
Tom was here on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend in high school.
Tom wants you to help him do that today.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wants to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wants to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wants to go and live with his uncle.
Tom wants to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for Mary.
Tom uses flashcards to study vocabulary.
Tom tried to get Mary to eat more fruit.
Tom tried the hat on, but it didn't fit.
Tom took his children on a camping trip.
Tom told me you were going to help Mary.
Tom told me the same thing Mary told me.
Tom told Mary John couldn't eat walnuts.
Tom thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom thought Mary would do that with him.
Tom thinks that Mary has a crush on him.
Tom stole money from his mother's purse.
Tom spent all morning cleaning his room.
Tom showed Mary where he kept his money.
Tom seemed to think we didn't like Mary.
Tom says he needs to go home right away.
Tom says Mary always eats lunch at noon.
Tom said that he wasn't very optimistic.
Tom said that he was through doing that.
Tom said that he was tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was feeling very tired.
Tom said that he was at today's meeting.
Tom said that he was anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary won't likely do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely to win.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely to cry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Boston now.
Tom said that Mary was worried about me.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be out.
Tom said that Mary was in love with him.
Tom said that Mary was having a bad day.
Tom said that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that Mary was going to be late.
Tom said that Mary was going to be here.
Tom said that Mary was eager to do that.
Tom said that Mary was afraid of snakes.
Tom said that Mary studies French a lot.
Tom said that Mary may return on Monday.
Tom said that Mary looked very confused.
Tom said that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that Mary has done that before.
Tom said that Mary has been here before.
Tom said that Mary had to do that today.
Tom said that Mary frequently does that.
Tom said that Mary didn't look confused.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a lawyer.
Tom said he wouldn't be home for dinner.
Tom said he wished he were here with us.
Tom said he was going to let Mary drive.
Tom said he wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom said he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom said he thought my jokes were funny.
Tom said he thought he was going to win.
Tom said he thought he should help Mary.
Tom said he thought he had to help Mary.
Tom said he thought Mary would be tired.
Tom said he thought Mary would be ready.
Tom said he thought Mary would be early.
Tom said he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested.
Tom said he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom said he thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said he needed to buy a new sweater.
Tom said he didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom said he couldn't buy what he needed.
Tom said Mary was too busy to eat lunch.
Tom said Mary usually sits in the front.
Tom said Mary should've eaten breakfast.
Tom said Mary is hanging up the laundry.
Tom refused to show Mary how to do that.
Tom pushed the door open with his elbow.
Tom promised Mary he'd be there on time.
Tom probably won't go to Boston with us.
Tom probably didn't die in the accident.
Tom never told Mary about what happened.
Tom needs to explain everything to Mary.
Tom moved his desk closer to the window.
Tom might think that we don't like Mary.
Tom lives less than thirty minutes away.
Tom lives about threes blocks from here.
Tom let me know that he wanted to drive.
Tom left Boston early on Monday morning.
Tom knows that Mary ate lunch with John.
Tom knows better than to let Mary drive.
Tom knows Mary would rather not do that.
Tom knew that I was prepared to do that.
Tom knew that I was hesitant to do that.
Tom knew Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom kissed Mary and then got on the bus.
Tom isn't the only one I know in Boston.
Tom isn't supposed to receive any money.
Tom isn't likely to help us again today.
Tom isn't as talkative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as obnoxious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as impulsive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as forgetful as he used to be.
Tom isn't as confident as he used to be.
Tom isn't as conceited as he used to be.
Tom isn't Mary's current French teacher.
Tom is working for an insurance company.
Tom is willing to do anything Mary asks.
Tom is usually in his office on Mondays.
Tom is the one who organized everything.
Tom is the one who made Mary eat a frog.
Tom is still wearing his police uniform.
Tom is reluctant to move back to Boston.
Tom is probably going to try to do that.
Tom is probably going to like this game.
Tom is probably going to let Mary drive.
Tom is probably going to come home soon.
Tom is probably going to become violent.
Tom is probably going to be unimpressed.
Tom is probably going to be discouraged.
Tom is probably going to be cooperative.
Tom is never going to tell us the truth.
Tom is never going to let you win again.
Tom is never going to go back to Boston.
Tom is never going to get out of prison.
Tom is living in Boston with his father.
Tom is likely going to do that tomorrow.
Tom is likely going to be grouchy today.
Tom is likely going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is likely going to agree to do that.
Tom is hoping you can do that with Mary.
Tom is going to walk to school tomorrow.
Tom is going to tell you how to do that.
Tom is going to show you how to do that.
Tom is going to show up sooner or later.
Tom is going to meet you at the station.
Tom is going to know what we need to do.
Tom is going to have to walk home today.
Tom is going to have to do that as well.
Tom is going to go to Boston next month.
Tom is going to get it right eventually.
Tom is going to get back home on Monday.
Tom is going to drive you to your place.
Tom is going to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to do that some other time.
Tom is going to do that in a day or two.
Tom is going to do that again, I'm sure.
Tom is going to buy a new bicycle today.
Tom is going to be there for a few days.
Tom is going to be skeptical about that.
Tom is going to be out of town all week.
Tom is going to be in Boston for a week.
Tom is going to be in Boston all summer.
Tom is going to be here only a few days.
Tom is going to be here in half an hour.
Tom is going to be here in five minutes.
Tom is going to be at the party tonight.
Tom is going to be able to do that soon.
Tom is going to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to arrive tomorrow evening.
Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
Tom hasn't made much progress in French.
Tom has no intention of ever doing that.
Tom has never told me where he met Mary.
Tom has curly hair just like his father.
Tom has been walking to school recently.
Tom has been in his bedroom all morning.
Tom has been in Boston for three months.
Tom has been doing this for a long time.
Tom has been doing quite well in school.
Tom has been brought in for questioning.
Tom has asked for permission to do that.
Tom has asked Mary not to do that again.
Tom has always had a problem doing that.
Tom has already spoken to me about that.
Tom hardly ever kisses his wife anymore.
Tom had no intention of ever doing that.
Tom gets along well with his stepfather.
Tom gave Mary his permission to do that.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got on the bus.
Tom expects Mary to eat dinner with him.
Tom expected Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom eventually told me what I should do.
Tom eventually told me what I had to do.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom doesn't really want me to help Mary.
Tom doesn't hug Mary very often anymore.
Tom doesn't have anything to talk about.
Tom does tend to be indiscreet at times.
Tom died before the ambulance got there.
Tom didn't want people to see him naked.
Tom didn't even know Mary had a brother.
Tom couldn't hear what Mary were saying.
Tom could've lied to you, but he didn't.
Tom congratulated Mary on her promotion.
Tom claims he doesn't remember anything.
Tom claimed he didn't remember anything.
Tom came here this morning to help Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of gloves from Mary.
Tom asked Mary to follow him downstairs.
Tom and Mary sometimes eat out together.
Tom and Mary haven't discussed that yet.
Tom and Mary have all sorts of problems.
Tom and I often kiss each other goodbye.
Tom and I haven't kissed in a long time.
Tom advised Mary to eat more vegetables.
Three million dollars is a lot of money.
These flowers are for Mary, not for you.
These are the pictures I took on Monday.
There's no reason Tom would've run away.
There's a supermarket on the next block.
There were only a few people on the bus.
The suitcase Tom was carrying was empty.
That happened Monday afternoon at Tom's.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been here.
Neighbors said they heard Tom screaming.
My guess is that Tom won't want to sing.
My favorite restaurant is Chuck's Diner.
Mary told me her husband's name was Tom.
Mary talks about her ex-boyfriend a lot.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her husband.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her brother.
Let's keep doing this as long as we can.
Let's just rest here for a little while.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that now.
It's probably not going to happen today.
It's going to take some time to do that.
It's going to take at least three hours.
It's going to take an hour to get there.
It's going to clear up in the afternoon.
It's going to be easy for us to do that.
It's going to be easy for me to do that.
It was lucky you were there to help Tom.
It looks like Tom will get into Harvard.
It didn't take you much time to do that.
It didn't take Tom very long to do that.
It didn't take Tom much time to do that.
If we're lucky, it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I've only heard Tom play the banjo once.
I'm prepared to lie to Tom if I have to.
I'm not sure Tom would let Mary do that.
I'm not going to teach you how to drive.
I'd rather not to lie to Tom about that.
I'd be surprised if Tom let you do that.
I wouldn't want to do that for a living.
I wonder why Tom won't let Mary do that.
I wonder whether Tom would let me drive.
I wonder if you could help me with this.
I wish I'd never lied to Tom about that.
I want to know if you know who did that.
I told Tom the same thing you told Mary.
I told Tom the same thing Mary told him.
I think Tom will propose to you tonight.
I think Tom understood your explanation.
I think Tom should tell Mary to do that.
I suggest you stop doing that right now.
I still wonder why Tom let Mary do that.
I should've brought my umbrella with me.
I promise I'll do that before I go home.
I know that Tom expects me to help Mary.
I know Tom and Mary want to get married.
I just found out that Tom won't do that.
I hope Tom doesn't find out what we did.
I hope Tom does what we asked him to do.
I have visited Tom many times in Boston.
I don't think the weather will clear up.
I don't think Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think Tom will be too much help.
I don't think Tom was telling the truth.
I don't really like punk rock very much.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary drive.
How much would you charge me to do that?
How much support do you think Tom needs?
How much of this did you write yourself?
How much milk do you think I should buy?
How much candy did you eat last weekend?
How many years ago did you buy your car?
How many times a day does Tom kiss Mary?
How many pounds did you lose last month?
How many pictures have you taken so far?
How many days have you been here so far?
How many days a week does Tom come here?
How long will it take to paint the roof?
How long will it take to change the oil?
How long has Tom been working in Boston?
How did you know Tom wouldn't kiss Mary?
Hopefully, it won't be raining tomorrow.
His name is Tom and he's Mary's brother.
Her name is Mary and she's Tom's sister.
Has Tom ever lied to you about anything?
French is my favorite subject in school.
Don't you remember what Tom did to Mary?
Do you really think it'll snow tomorrow?
Do you really think Tom will believe me?
Did you bring what I asked you to bring?
Did Tom really think we would help Mary?
Could you tell me what needs to be done?
Can you tell me where I should put this?
Are you sure that Tom really likes Mary?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't like Mary?
Are you still working at the same place?
You'd better stop doing that right now.
You shouldn't have told Tom about that.
You shouldn't have been so mean to Tom.
You should tell Tom that you love Mary.
Would you like me to unwrap it for you?
Why don't you help Tom paint the fence?
Why do you think Tom shouldn't do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't trust you?
Why are you always so hard on yourself?
Who did Tom say was going to help Mary?
When was the last time you took a bath?
When was the last time Tom took a bath?
When was the last time Tom kissed Mary?
What Tom really needs now is some rest.
Were you able to persuade Tom to drive?
We need to find out where Tom was born.
We need get to the root of the problem.
Tom, Mary and John all want to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all need to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all have to do that.
Tom's name should be added to the list.
Tom's French is improving very quickly.
Tom wouldn't let us sing with his band.
Tom works in the accounting department.
Tom won't likely try to hug Mary again.
Tom won't let us go there without Mary.
Tom won't be very happy if you do that.
Tom will try to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom will try to do that this afternoon.
Tom will likely lose everything he has.
Tom will have to live with what he did.
Tom will be very mad if Mary does that.
Tom will be the next person to do that.
Tom went to the orthodontist on Monday.
Tom was too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom was the only one who believed that.
Tom was here with me all day yesterday.
Tom was at school when Mary called him.
Tom was able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom wants to know if you remember Mary.
Tom wants to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom wanted me to do something for Mary.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for him.
Tom trusted Mary to do the right thing.
Tom took Mary's car keys away from her.
Tom told Mary not to walk on the grass.
Tom told Mary he'd eat lunch with John.
Tom told Mary he needed to talk to her.
Tom told Mary he needed to leave early.
Tom told Mary about what John had done.
Tom thought Mary would do that for him.
Tom still hasn't taken out the garbage.
Tom started dating Mary in high school.
Tom spent the whole afternoon studying.
Tom should've told Mary he was married.
Tom says he's always wanted to do that.
Tom says Mary hardly ever eats raisins.
Tom saw Mary's dog running in the park.
Tom said that he wasn't very surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't very concerned.
Tom said that he wasn't claustrophobic.
Tom said that he was very disappointed.
Tom said that he was in love with Mary.
Tom said that he was at home on Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary was cute.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely win.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would be here later.
Tom said that Mary was looking for you.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be up.
Tom said that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom said that Mary was in love with me.
Tom said that Mary was going to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wanted to eat trout.
Tom said that Mary tried to shoot John.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be afraid.
Tom said that Mary looked really tired.
Tom said that Mary has never done that.
Tom said that Mary had to do that soon.
Tom said that Mary did a very good job.
Tom said he's never seen Mary eat meat.
Tom said he'd wait for Mary until 2:30.
Tom said he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he wouldn't play tennis today.
Tom said he thought you should do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom said he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom said he thought he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said he thought Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought Mary would be here.
Tom said he thought Mary would be cold.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom said he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary taught French.
Tom said he thought Mary despised John.
Tom said he read three books last week.
Tom said he needed to use the bathroom.
Tom said Mary seldom eats bean sprouts.
Tom owes me over three hundred dollars.
Tom never thought Mary would leave him.
Tom needs to show Mary how to eat that.
Tom must've reached the station by now.
Tom might be here for a couple of days.
Tom makes about thirty dollars an hour.
Tom knows who Mary went to Boston with.
Tom knows Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom knows Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom knows Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom knew that this was going to happen.
Tom knew that I was tempted to do that.
Tom knew he didn't have much time left.
Tom isn't still in the hospital, is he?
Tom isn't really a math teacher, is he?
Tom isn't likely to buy anything today.
Tom isn't interested in doing that now.
Tom isn't as tolerant as he used to be.
Tom isn't as stubborn as he used to be.
Tom isn't as reliable as he used to be.
Tom isn't as gullible as he used to be.
Tom isn't as generous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as creative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as careless as he used to be.
Tom isn't as annoying as he used to be.
Tom is the one who took these pictures.
Tom is the man who helped Mary do that.
Tom is sick, so he can't help us today.
Tom is probably not going to win today.
Tom is probably never going to recover.
Tom is probably never going to do that.
Tom is probably going to pass the test.
Tom is probably going to pass the exam.
Tom is probably going to help us today.
Tom is probably going to do that today.
Tom is probably going to do that again.
Tom is probably going to die in prison.
Tom is probably going to come tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be suspicious.
Tom is probably going to be supportive.
Tom is probably going to be reasonable.
Tom is probably going to be handcuffed.
Tom is probably going to be frightened.
Tom is never going to stop loving Mary.
Tom is never going to get away with it.
Tom is never going to ever forget Mary.
Tom is likely going to lose everything.
Tom is likely going to be leaving soon.
Tom is likely going to be grumpy today.
Tom is hoping you can do that for Mary.
Tom is good at taking care of children.
Tom is going to tell you what happened.
Tom is going to study French with Mary.
Tom is going to play baseball tomorrow.
Tom is going to know something's wrong.
Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom is going to go to Boston next week.
Tom is going to give you what you need.
Tom is going to get married in October.
Tom is going to get mad if you do that.
Tom is going to forgive you eventually.
Tom is going to find out what happened.
Tom is going to do that on Monday, too.
Tom is going to do that in the morning.
Tom is going to do that again tomorrow.
Tom is going to be with me all morning.
Tom is going to be very busy next week.
Tom is going to be thrilled to see you.
Tom is going to be thirty next October.
Tom is going to be thirteen next month.
Tom is going to be skeptical, I'm sure.
Tom is going to be in Boston next year.
Tom is going to be in Boston next week.
Tom is going to be here in three hours.
Tom is going to be here in a few hours.
Tom is going to be here for three days.
Tom is going to be here for a few days.
Tom is going to be back in three hours.
Tom is going to be all right, isn't he?
Tom immediately fell in love with Mary.
Tom hired a good lawyer to defend Mary.
Tom heard Mary say that she loved John.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped Mary.
Tom has said he won't hug Mary anymore.
Tom has never been very good at tennis.
Tom has decided to become an architect.
Tom has decided to become a translator.
Tom has blue eyes just like his mother.
Tom has been watching TV all afternoon.
Tom has been visiting family in Boston.
Tom has been trying to find his father.
Tom has been in his tent all afternoon.
Tom has been here for a very long time.
Tom has been having problems with Mary.
Tom has been at home with Mary all day.
Tom doesn't want to talk to the police.
Tom doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife anymore.
Tom does anything Mary tells him to do.
Tom didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary sitting at the bar.
Tom didn't really want Mary to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was still unhappy.
Tom didn't hear Mary shouting his name.
Tom didn't have anything to talk about.
Tom denied he was the one who did that.
Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
Tom carried the boxes out to the truck.
Tom can tell Mary whatever he wants to.
Tom can tell Mary anything he wants to.
Tom bought a three hundred dollar suit.
Tom asked me to teach him how to drive.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom asked Mary to stay a few more days.
Tom and Mary work in the same hospital.
Tom and Mary work for the same company.
Tom and Mary were married at that time.
Tom and Mary spent all morning talking.
Tom and Mary often go jogging together.
Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary are eating on the veranda.
Tom and I don't hug each other anymore.
This type of thing happens quite often.
This may be our last chance to do this.
This is where Tom told us to meet Mary.
There's a fireplace in the living room.
There's a barbershop across the street.
Now isn't the time to start doing that.
Maybe Tom will go to Harvard in Boston.
Mary was a popular girl in high school.
Mary seldom kisses her husband anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want a boyfriend.
Mary said she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary said her new dress cost her a lot.
Mary rarely kisses her husband anymore.
Mary never told me she had a boyfriend.
Mary isn't the shy girl she used to be.
Mary is your younger sister, isn't she?
It's unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's soon going to be the rainy season.
It's quite likely to snow this evening.
It's quite clear that Tom will be late.
It's probably going to be hot tomorrow.
It's hard to believe that Tom did that.
It's going to stop raining before long.
It's going to be impossible to do that.
It's fine by me if you want to do that.
It won't take you very long to do that.
It won't take you much time to do that.
It won't take Tom very long to do that.
It won't take Tom much time to do that.
It rained a lot when we were in Boston.
It might not be a good idea to do that.
It might be a good idea not to do that.
It didn't take us very long to do that.
It didn't take us much time to do that.
It didn't take me very long to do that.
It didn't take me much time to do that.
If we're lucky, it won't rain tomorrow.
If we don't do something, Tom will die.
I've spoken to Tom and he says he's OK.
I've been waiting here for a long time.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be cut from the team.
I'm not sure who I should give this to.
I'm glad we're able to do that for Tom.
I'm getting a little worried about Tom.
I'll tell Tom I'm not going to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom won't help us.
I'd like to know why Tom won't do that.
I wouldn't let Tom drive if I were you.
I wonder who that woman kissing Tom is.
I wonder where Tom went to high school.
I wonder what Tom will do next weekend.
I wonder if you could help Tom do that.
I wonder if Tom would really help Mary.
I won't lie to Tom about what happened.
I wish Tom were here in Boston with us.
I wish Tom had lied to Mary about that.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to drive.
I was hoping Tom would do that with us.
I told Tom he could buy what he wanted.
I think Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I think Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think Tom lied about how he did that.
I think Tom could get Mary to help you.
I think Tom could get Mary to eat that.
I saw Tom kissing Mary behind the barn.
I saw Tom eating a sandwich over there.
I promised Tom I'd hang up the laundry.
I often spend my days off in this park.
I met with Tom again on Monday morning.
I hope you didn't lie to us about that.
I hope Tom can teach Mary how to drive.
I helped the old lady cross the street.
I heard that Tom will get married soon.
I have only one friend who likes opera.
I forgot to tell Tom about the meeting.
I doubt that Tom will ever forget that.
I don't think you should do that today.
I don't think Tom would leave his wife.
I don't really like this kind of music.
I don't go there as often as I used to.
I didn't think Tom would let you drive.
I didn't know that Tom lived in Boston.
I can't spend the whole day doing this.
I can't remember Tom's brothers' names.
I bumped into Tom and knocked him down.
I asked Tom where I should park my car.
How often does Tom hang up the laundry?
How often do you stay up past midnight?
How much time will you need to do that?
How much money will it take to do that?
How much money has Tom stolen from you?
How many times have you and Tom kissed?
How many times a week do you come here?
How did Tom talk Mary into eating that?
Everything seems to be going perfectly.
Dr. Jackson doesn't have many patients.
Don't you want to see what Tom will do?
Do you think it'll be snowing tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be raining tomorrow?
Do you have any plans for next weekend?
Do both Tom and Mary want to eat pizza?
Did you really tell Tom you hated Mary?
Did you do anything special last night?
Did Tom say who was going to help Mary?
Did Tom know Mary couldn't eat peanuts?
Call Tom and tell him we're on our way.
Are you sure that Tom is in Boston now?
Are you sure nothing's going to happen?
Are you sure Tom will let us help Mary?
Are Tom and Mary still living with you?
All of the students at school know Tom.
A man was here earlier looking for Tom.
You've lied to me before, haven't you?
You won't forget to do that, will you?
You didn't sell your bicycle, did you?
Would Tom really lie to us about that?
Why don't you buy some ice cream, too?
Why does Tom buy things at that store?
Why do you think Tom ought to do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like you?
Why did Tom ask Mary to join the team?
Why are you amused by what's going on?
Who's that woman standing next to Tom?
Who are some of your favorite singers?
When was the last time you kissed Tom?
What's on the other side of this wall?
What's on the other side of this lake?
What's on the other side of the river?
What time does your last class finish?
What do you want to know about Boston?
What do you usually do in the evening?
What did Tom want you to buy for Mary?
What are some of Tom's favorite songs?
We've all lied at one time or another.
We're flying back to Boston on Monday.
We had lunch earlier than usual today.
Tom, Mary and John all live in Boston.
Tom wouldn't like it if you were late.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom would've been happy here, I think.
Tom won't likely walk to work anymore.
Tom won't be very happy to leave here.
Tom will try to find a way to do that.
Tom will need to borrow your suitcase.
Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
Tom will have to do it all by himself.
Tom will get hurt if he's not careful.
Tom wasn't the next person to do that.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he wanted.
Tom wasn't Mary's boyfriend last year.
Tom was waiting for Mary on her porch.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the lobby.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with Mary.
Tom was here earlier looking for Mary.
Tom was afraid someone would see Mary.
Tom warned me not to hug Mary anymore.
Tom wants to be a computer programmer.
Tom wanted to continue the discussion.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was.
Tom wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom waited outside for thirty minutes.
Tom unwrapped the present very slowly.
Tom trusts Mary to do the right thing.
Tom tried to keep that from happening.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a jacket.
Tom told Mary he was ready to do that.
Tom thought the woman he saw was Mary.
Tom thought Mary was going to be late.
Tom thought Mary lived on Park Street.
Tom thinks Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom spent more than $on that suit.
Tom speaks neither French nor English.
Tom shouldn't be helping Mary do that.
Tom says that Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom says mosquitoes don't bother Mary.
Tom says he likes chocolate ice cream.
Tom says he always does that that way.
Tom says Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom said that the smoke bothered Mary.
Tom said that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't really scared.
Tom said that he was very embarrassed.
Tom said that Mary would probably cry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't coming back.
Tom said that Mary was very impressed.
Tom said that Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom said that Mary was good at French.
Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
Tom said that Mary was feeling hungry.
Tom said that Mary was doing that now.
Tom said that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary was born in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was a good swimmer.
Tom said that Mary tried to kiss John.
Tom said that Mary should do that now.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be drunk.
Tom said that Mary often leaves early.
Tom said that Mary had a bad attitude.
Tom said that Mary doesn't eat cheese.
Tom said that Mary didn't look sleepy.
Tom said that Mary could speak French.
Tom said that Mary could probably win.
Tom said that Mary can't speak French.
Tom said that Mary almost never cries.
Tom said he'd never go back to Boston.
Tom said he was at his parents' house.
Tom said he thought you could do that.
Tom said he thought that we could win.
Tom said he thought Mary would be shy.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said he thought Mary was too slow.
Tom said he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom said he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom said he thought Mary spoke French.
Tom said he had nothing to talk about.
Tom said he can't walk without a cane.
Tom said I shouldn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom refused to show us how to do that.
Tom promised me he'd come to my party.
Tom probably won't buy anything today.
Tom probably doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom never stopped asking me questions.
Tom never did like playing volleyball.
Tom needs to get rid of all this junk.
Tom moved home to be with his parents.
Tom looks very similar to his brother.
Tom likes to spend time in the garden.
Tom left his driver's license at home.
Tom knows you didn't do that for Mary.
Tom knows Mary probably won't do that.
Tom kisses Mary goodbye every morning.
Tom isn't going to leave anytime soon.
Tom isn't doing that for his children.
Tom isn't as selfish as he used to be.
Tom isn't as patient as he used to be.
Tom isn't as helpful as he used to be.
Tom isn't as finicky as he used to be.
Tom isn't as curious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as careful as he used to be.
Tom is unlikely to show up here again.
Tom is too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom is the only one who believes that.
Tom is the lead singer in a punk band.
Tom is supposed to receive some money.
Tom is still working as a taxi driver.
Tom is probably not going to be there.
Tom is probably going to win the race.
Tom is probably going to study French.
Tom is probably going to speak French.
Tom is probably going to do that soon.
Tom is probably going to come by taxi.
Tom is probably going to be surprised.
Tom is probably going to be home soon.
Tom is probably going to be back soon.
Tom is never going to let you do that.
Tom is never going to have to do that.
Tom is never going to come here again.
Tom is never going to change his mind.
Tom is never going to allow you to go.
Tom is making a list of what he wants.
Tom is making a list of what he needs.
Tom is likely going to try to do that.
Tom is likely going to be cooperative.
Tom is hoping we'll do that with Mary.
Tom is hoping we can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping he doesn't get arrested.
Tom is good at walking on a tightrope.
Tom is going to wait for us, isn't he?
Tom is going to study French tomorrow.
Tom is going to stay at home tomorrow.
Tom is going to need to do that again.
Tom is going to help me clean my room.
Tom is going to have to work tomorrow.
Tom is going to have to go by himself.
Tom is going to have to do that again.
Tom is going to have a difficult time.
Tom is going to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to find out what you did.
Tom is going to find a way to do that.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom is going to do that soon, I think.
Tom is going to be thirteen next year.
Tom is going to be staying for dinner.
Tom is going to be in Boston all week.
Tom is going to be back in a few days.
Tom is going to be at tonight's party.
Tom is going to be at home until noon.
Tom is going to arrive at around 2:30.
Tom is a normal thirteen-year-old boy.
Tom insisted that we do that for Mary.
Tom helped his mother wash the dishes.
Tom has to explain everything to Mary.
Tom has started taking French lessons.
Tom has rented an apartment in Boston.
Tom has never seen Mary play baseball.
Tom has made several good suggestions.
Tom has given away a lot of his money.
Tom has finally done something useful.
Tom has decided to become a carpenter.
Tom has been working as a taxi driver.
Tom has been trying to calm Mary down.
Tom has been spending time doing that.
Tom has been planning this for months.
Tom has been here since early October.
Tom has been expecting that to happen.
Tom has been an optimist all his life.
Tom has been a pessimist all his life.
Tom has already complained about that.
Tom has already asked Mary to do that.
Tom forgot his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom doesn't need to come to my office.
Tom doesn't like to talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary dresses.
Tom does tend to be stubborn at times.
Tom died three years ago of pneumonia.
Tom didn't want to talk to the police.
Tom didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave him.
Tom didn't tell the police everything.
Tom didn't know Mary was still asleep.
Tom didn't hear Mary yelling for help.
Tom didn't eat the apple you gave him.
Tom can't let Mary do that by herself.
Tom ate the cookies Mary made for him.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom and Mary will eat with us tonight.
Tom and Mary were both very concerned.
Tom and Mary spent Christmas together.
Tom and Mary ended up getting married.
Tom and Mary ended up falling in love.
Tom and Mary are swimming in the pool.
Tom and I never walk anywhere anymore.
This is my third time to visit Boston.
The people were very unfriendly there.
That movie was better than I expected.
Tell Tom you're too busy to help Mary.
Someday, I'm going to have to do that.
Please make sure you get here on time.
One day, I'm going to have to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been injured.
My advice would be to stop doing that.
Mary said she knew who Tom's wife was.
Mary said she didn't have a boyfriend.
It's very fortunate that Tom was here.
It's only going to take three minutes.
It's only going to take a few minutes.
It's going to take forever to do that.
It's going to cost you thirty dollars.
It's going to be expensive to do that.
It's going to be dangerous to do that.
It won't take us very long to do that.
It won't take us much time to do that.
It won't take me very long to do that.
It won't take me much time to do that.
It was Tom who wanted to do that here.
It looks like Tom will be early today.
It could be years before that happens.
Is there an elevator in this building?
Is it absolutely necessary to do that?
I've been looking for a place to live.
I've asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be late.
I'm going to pick Tom up after school.
I'm fairly certain that didn't happen.
I'll tell Tom you're looking for Mary.
I'll tell Tom you're going to do that.
I'll never let Tom drive my car again.
I'll never go shopping with Tom again.
I'll ask Tom to teach me how to drive.
I'd be very surprised if Tom did that.
I wouldn't want to be a brain surgeon.
I wonder if you could help me do that.
I wonder if Tom lied to us about that.
I wonder if Tom is still eating lunch.
I wish you'd told me you were married.
I wish Tom had told me he was married.
I was hoping Tom would do that for us.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to drive.
I want to drive, but Tom won't let me.
I think you should charge $an hour.
I think we can all go in the same car.
I think Tom will do something drastic.
I think Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
I think Tom doesn't understand French.
I shouldn't have kissed Tom yesterday.
I saw Tom at the station this morning.
I never used to do that, but I do now.
I know Tom will try to arrive on time.
I knew Tom would lie to us about that.
I hope we don't have to wait too long.
I hope it doesn't rain this afternoon.
I hope everything turns out all right.
I hope Tom and Mary eat lunch with us.
I hope I can go home for the holidays.
I heard that you kissed Tom yesterday.
I have many other things I want to do.
I have many other things I need to do.
I have many other things I have to do.
I doubt that Tom will ever leave Mary.
I don't think Tom will wait very long.
I don't think Tom will stay very long.
I don't know why Tom let Mary do that.
I don't know where I left my umbrella.
I don't know anything about computers.
I didn't think Tom would let me drive.
I can't remember Tom's brother's name.
How much yogurt do you want me to buy?
How much work do you have to do today?
How much wine do you drink every week?
How much money have you stolen so far?
How much money does Tom spend a month?
How much money do you have on you now?
How much gasoline is left in the tank?
How much further is it to Tom's house?
How much cheese do you think Tom eats?
How much cheese did Tom eat yesterday?
How many pounds did you actually lose?
How many people do you know in Boston?
How many days did you spend in Boston?
Her name is Mary and she's Tom's wife.
Have you ever made a speech in French?
Give me some time to think about that.
Does that mean that Tom won't do that?
Does Tom know why you don't like Mary?
Does Tom know how you feel about Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't trust you?
Did Tom say where we should meet Mary?
Did Mary tell you about her boyfriend?
Are you really going to let Tom drive?
About thirty people have been injured.
A lot of people I know live in Boston.
You shouldn't have told Tom about it.
You should've let me do that for you.
You know what Tom will do, don't you?
Would you like me to wrap it for you?
Why were you the last one to do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't do that?
Why did you encourage Tom to do that?
Why are you interested in doing that?
Which one do you think Tom will want?
Which CD would you like to listen to?
Where do you think Tom will go today?
When does Tom expect us to help Mary?
Whatever you do, don't let Tom drive.
We shouldn't kiss each other anymore.
We know that Tom sometimes hits Mary.
We know that Tom sometimes does that.
We got the results that we hoped for.
We can't predict what Tom will think.
Tom's parents died when he was three.
Tom wouldn't admit that he was wrong.
Tom won't have to walk home tomorrow.
Tom won't get away with it this time.
Tom won't be very anxious to do that.
Tom won't be upset if Mary does that.
Tom won't be angry if Mary does that.
Tom will stay for another three days.
Tom will start working here tomorrow.
Tom will likely be able to fool Mary.
Tom will have to do better than that.
Tom will go to the concert with Mary.
Tom will be very happy Mary did that.
Tom will be mad at us for doing this.
Tom will be late if he doesn't hurry.
Tom will be happy to see that happen.
Tom will ask Mary if she can do that.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary kissed.
Tom wasn't really excited about that.
Tom wasn't expecting me to help Mary.
Tom was waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom was ready to go when I got there.
Tom was hoping we'd do that for Mary.
Tom was at work when Mary called him.
Tom was at home with Mary last night.
Tom was at home when Mary called him.
Tom wants to try something different.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for Mary.
Tom wanted to take Mary to the dance.
Tom wanted to see Mary in his office.
Tom wanted me to walk home with Mary.
Tom used to lie to his parents a lot.
Tom unloaded the boxes off the truck.
Tom told me that Mary died on Monday.
Tom told Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom told Mary he had to talk to John.
Tom told Mary he could help us today.
Tom thought the girl he saw was Mary.
Tom thought Mary would never do that.
Tom spent most of the day doing that.
Tom spent all afternoon helping Mary.
Tom sometimes feeds his cat dog food.
Tom should've told me he was married.
Tom should've been ready an hour ago.
Tom should never have let Mary drive.
Tom seems to be eager to participate.
Tom says he'd never buy one of those.
Tom says he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom says Mary ought to eat something.
Tom says Mary needs to eat something.
Tom said that you tried to kill Mary.
Tom said that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he'd been very unlucky.
Tom said that he wasn't very worried.
Tom said that he wasn't very thirsty.
Tom said that he wasn't disappointed.
Tom said that he wasn't conservative.
Tom said that he was very suspicious.
Tom said that he was very optimistic.
Tom said that he was very interested.
Tom said that he was unfazed by that.
Tom said that he was in love with me.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't help him.
Tom said that Mary wasn't overweight.
Tom said that Mary wasn't interested.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in a hurry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that Mary was very ticklish.
Tom said that Mary was really scared.
Tom said that Mary was going to quit.
Tom said that Mary was a nice person.
Tom said that Mary was a new student.
Tom said that Mary was a good driver.
Tom said that Mary understood French.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary might not do that.
Tom said that Mary hardly ever cries.
Tom said that Mary had been impolite.
Tom said that Mary died in her sleep.
Tom said that Mary didn't want a job.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't look happy.
Tom said that Mary didn't look bored.
Tom said that Mary didn't look angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a job.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a dog.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a car.
Tom said he wouldn't walk home today.
Tom said he wanted to buy a drum set.
Tom said he thought he'd be arrested.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't here.
Tom said he thought Mary was worried.
Tom said he thought Mary was outside.
Tom said he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom said he really enjoyed the movie.
Tom said he had something to say to you.
Tom said he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't remember anything.
Tom said Mary wouldn't let him drive.
Tom returned to work on October 20th.
Tom reached out to shake Mary's hand.
Tom noticed strange things happening.
Tom needs to respect Mary's decision.
Tom may be young, but he's very wise.
Tom made it to Boston in three hours.
Tom locked his bike to the bike rack.
Tom knows we didn't do this for Mary.
Tom knows Mary will probably do that.
Tom knows Mary will probably be late.
Tom knew who was trying to kill Mary.
Tom knew that Mary would be stubborn.
Tom isn't still at the clinic, is he?
Tom isn't in Boston. He's in Chicago.
Tom isn't going to eat with us today.
Tom isn't as stupid as he used to be.
Tom isn't as chubby as he used to be.
Tom is wondering what'll happen next.
Tom is wearing the hat Mary gave him.
Tom is waiting for Mary on her porch.
Tom is the only one who saw anything.
Tom is the one who said he'd do that.
Tom is still living with his parents.
Tom is somewhere in Boston with Mary.
Tom is recovering from heart surgery.
Tom is probably not going to help us.
Tom is probably going to be punished.
Tom is probably going to be arrested.
Tom is playing guitar on the balcony.
Tom is planning to renovate his home.
Tom is never going to come back here.
Tom is likely unaware of the problem.
Tom is hoping we'll do that for Mary.
Tom is going to visit Mary on Monday.
Tom is going to visit Mary next week.
Tom is going to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's tired.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom is going to talk to us on Monday.
Tom is going to play tennis tomorrow.
Tom is going to pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom is going to need a place to stay.
Tom is going to join you in a moment.
Tom is going to go to Boston with me.
Tom is going to get home next Monday.
Tom is going to find out what we did.
Tom is going to do that, but I won't.
Tom is going to come sooner or later.
Tom is going to be tried as an adult.
Tom is going to be thirty in October.
Tom is going to be there to meet you.
Tom is going to be safe here with me.
Tom is going to be out all afternoon.
Tom is going to be impressed by that.
Tom is going to be here this evening.
Tom is going to be here several days.
Tom is going to be happy he did that.
Tom is going to be glad to hear that.
Tom is going to be getting home soon.
Tom is going to be back this evening.
Tom is going to be at home on Monday.
Tom is going to be arriving tomorrow.
Tom is definitely going to be missed.
Tom is absent because he has the flu.
Tom helped Mary fix the broken chair.
Tom hasn't yet bought anything today.
Tom hasn't done that already, has he?
Tom has thirty days to pay this bill.
Tom has started seeing another woman.
Tom has never gone mountain climbing.
Tom has killed at least three people.
Tom has finally done something right.
Tom has been working the night shift.
Tom has been working as a dispatcher.
Tom has been having problems at work.
Tom has been bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom has asked us to do that for Mary.
Tom has a younger brother named John.
Tom got the answer he was hoping for.
Tom ended up walking home last night.
Tom drowned in his own swimming pool.
Tom doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom didn't seem to be having any fun.
Tom didn't know Mary had lied to him.
Tom didn't do that very well, did he?
Tom didn't come in to work yesterday.
Tom convinced Mary to tell the truth.
Tom came here to ask us to help Mary.
Tom called me at 2:in the morning.
Tom asked me to walk a little slower.
Tom asked Mary to tell him the truth.
Tom asked Mary to stay away from him.
Tom apparently wants to learn French.
Tom and Mary were alone on the beach.
Tom and Mary seem like a nice couple.
Tom and Mary sat at the picnic table.
Tom and Mary have both eaten already.
Tom and Mary aren't on the same team.
Tom and Mary are high school seniors.
Tom and I haven't discussed that yet.
Tom almost never kisses his children.
These suitcases are Tom's and Mary's.
These are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
These are Tom's and Mary's suitcases.
There's a perfectly good explanation.
There's a barbershop across the road.
There are lots of people who do that.
The only thing Tom could do was wait.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone abroad.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job.
My guess is that Tom won't want that.
Mary thought the man she saw was Tom.
Mary thought the boy she saw was Tom.
Mary is kind of beautiful, isn't she?
Make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Let's keep this up as long as we can.
It's quite unlikely Tom will do that.
It's probably going to snow tomorrow.
It's going to be dark in a few hours.
It's going to be an interesting game.
It's fine by me if you don't do that.
It'll be difficult to find a job now.
It won't be all that easy to do that.
It was Tom who kissed Mary yesterday.
It should be easy for Tom to do that.
It is inevitable that that'll happen.
It doesn't make any difference to me.
I've quit drinking carbonated drinks.
I've been waiting for you since 2:30.
I'm sure Tom doesn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't do that.
I'm fairly certain that won't happen.
I'd rather stay home and read a book.
I'd rather not lie to Tom anymore.
I wouldn't be surprised if it snowed.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rained.
I wonder whether Tom would help Mary.
I wish my parents would let me drive.
I wish Tom hadn't lied to the police.
I wish Tom had asked us to help Mary.
I wish Tom had asked Mary to help us.
I told Tom that I'd help him do that.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that.
I think this is exactly what we need.
I think that it was Tom who did that.
I think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I think Tom's leg is much better now.
I think Tom wants me to go with Mary.
I think Tom expected Mary to hug him.
I think Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I talked to my attorney this morning.
I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I hope you didn't give Tom any money.
I hope Tom and Mary do that together.
I hear that you kissed Tom yesterday.
I haven't seen a good movie recently.
I don't want to think about that now.
I don't want to go home empty-handed.
I don't think you should do that now.
I don't think Tom would let me drive.
I don't think Tom will need our help.
I don't think I should let you drive.
I don't know where I left sunglasses.
I don't know what I was so afraid of.
I don't have a place to stay tonight.
I don't feel like doing that anymore.
I could've lied to you, but I didn't.
I can't imagine that happening to me.
I asked Tom to teach me how to drive.
How much would you pay us to do that?
How much water does this bucket hold?
How much time did it take to do that?
How much snow do you think we'll get?
How much more do we need to do today?
How much money have you saved so far?
How much money has Tom stolen so far?
How much money does a carpenter make?
How much money does Tom save a month?
How much do you make teaching French?
How much candy do you think Tom eats?
How much candy did Tom eat yesterday?
How much can we really depend on Tom?
How many times a day do you kiss Tom?
How many pounds have you lost so far?
How long would it take us to do that?
How do you know Tom didn't kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom would kiss Mary?
How did you get Tom to let you drive?
Have you told Tom that you love Mary?
Do you think Tom will let Mary drive?
Do you think I need to pay this bill?
Do you and Tom ever discuss politics?
Do Tom and Mary still live in Boston?
Did Mary tell you she was Tom's wife?
Are you still working as a bartender?
You shouldn't have brought Tom here.
You should never have let Tom drive.
You don't have to be so mean to Tom.
Will Tom drive to Boston by himself?
Why weren't you in school yesterday?
Why do you think Tom should do that?
Why do you think Tom has to do that?
Who told Tom he could join the team?
Who kissed Tom first, Mary or Alice?
Who else would want to see Tom dead?
Who did Tom say he saw kissing Mary?
Which one do you think Tom will buy?
Where do you think Tom will do that?
When did you start dyeing your hair?
What's your plan for this afternoon?
What would Tom say if Mary did that?
What was Tom doing in Boston anyway?
What if Tom doesn't know what to do?
What did you buy at the supermarket?
What Tom wanted was to be left alone.
We need to find out where Tom works.
We need to find out where Tom lives.
Tom's brother looks a lot like John.
Tom's boots are near the front door.
Tom wouldn't have made that mistake.
Tom wondered what would happen next.
Tom wondered if Mary could eat pork.
Tom won't take a vacation this year.
Tom won't likely show up here again.
Tom won't likely be here until 2:30.
Tom won't let Mary kiss him anymore.
Tom won't come back to pick Mary up.
Tom won't be very impressed by that.
Tom will probably be pretty nervous.
Tom will need to do that by himself.
Tom will learn to drive this summer.
Tom will help Mary do that, I think.
Tom will have to start saving money.
Tom will have to pay for everything.
Tom will go swimming this afternoon.
Tom will buy a new car next weekend.
Tom will buy a house on Park Street.
Tom will be very successful someday.
Tom will be very sad if Mary leaves.
Tom will be playing tennis tomorrow.
Tom will be angry if Mary does that.
Tom was playing tennis this morning.
Tom was in prison for several years.
Tom was here just a few minutes ago.
Tom wants to see Mary in his office.
Tom wanted me to walk home with him.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his friends.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him at 2:30.
Tom wanted Mary to have a good time.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom told me he was looking for Mary.
Tom told Mary to keep that a secret.
Tom told Mary to enjoy her time off.
Tom told Mary he'd never lie to her.
Tom told Mary he was ready to leave.
Tom told Mary he had to talk to her.
Tom told Mary he had to leave early.
Tom told Mary he could eat anything.
Tom thought Mary would remember him.
Tom thought Mary was in her bedroom.
Tom spent the entire day doing that.
Tom shut the car door on his finger.
Tom should've walked home with Mary.
Tom says he wants to buy a drum set.
Tom says he never wanted to do that.
Tom saw Mary kissing John yesterday.
Tom said that he wasn't very sleepy.
Tom said that he wasn't discouraged.
Tom said that he was very surprised.
Tom said that he was very skeptical.
Tom said that he was very irritated.
Tom said that he was very intrigued.
Tom said that he was very impressed.
Tom said that he was very concerned.
Tom said that he was claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary would likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would be on time.
Tom said that Mary wasn't surprised.
Tom said that Mary wasn't satisfied.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was very unhappy.
Tom said that Mary was really drunk.
Tom said that Mary was good-looking.
Tom said that Mary was going to win.
Tom said that Mary was disorganized.
Tom said that Mary was disappointed.
Tom said that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom said that Mary was a good pilot.
Tom said that Mary was a bad driver.
Tom said that Mary seldom does that.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that Mary looked skeptical.
Tom said that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that Mary is in Boston now.
Tom said that Mary is a good mother.
Tom said that Mary didn't look sick.
Tom said that Mary always does that.
Tom said some men had attacked Mary.
Tom said he wanted to quit the band.
Tom said he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom said he thought Mary was scared.
Tom said he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom said he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary hated John.
Tom said he thought I might not win.
Tom said he needed to take a shower.
Tom said he felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom said Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom said Mary has never lied to him.
Tom reluctantly did that by himself.
Tom ran for reelection, but he lost.
Tom promised Mary he'd walk the dog.
Tom probably won't lie to you again.
Tom played a waltz on his accordion.
Tom paid Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom noticed that Mary looked sleepy.
Tom never seems to hug Mary anymore.
Tom might think you don't like Mary.
Tom might drive to Boston with Mary.
Tom loaded the boxes onto the truck.
Tom left his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom knows you'll never forgive Mary.
Tom knows that he can count on Mary.
Tom knows Mary won't likely do that.
Tom knew that I was unfazed by that.
Tom knew that I was being sarcastic.
Tom knew Mary was going to be there.
Tom kissed Mary under the mistletoe.
Tom kept us waiting for three hours.
Tom isn't really excited about that.
Tom isn't doing very well in school.
Tom isn't as tough as he used to be.
Tom isn't as timid as he used to be.
Tom isn't as pushy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as picky as he used to be.
Tom isn't as naive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as fussy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as funny as he used to be.
Tom isn't as crazy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as bossy as he used to be.
Tom isn't Mary's next-door neighbor.
Tom is usually very busy on Mondays.
Tom is unlikely to die anytime soon.
Tom is trying to live a normal life.
Tom is the tallest kid in his class.
Tom is still living with his family.
Tom is probably going to be thirsty.
Tom is probably going to be starved.
Tom is probably going to be nervous.
Tom is probably going to be furious.
Tom is probably going to be elected.
Tom is probably going to be curious.
Tom is never going to let you drive.
Tom is never going to agree to that.
Tom is mad at you for lying to Mary.
Tom is likely going to be surprised.
Tom is likely going to be impressed.
Tom is likely going to be here soon.
Tom is likely going to be back soon.
Tom is just as obnoxious as Mary is.
Tom is in a maximum-security prison.
Tom is going to wonder where we are.
Tom is going to win sooner or later.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is going to take the 2:train.
Tom is going to stay for three days.
Tom is going to show you what to do.
Tom is going to leave in a few days.
Tom is going to leave here tomorrow.
Tom is going to lead the discussion.
Tom is going to have plenty of help.
Tom is going to have a busy weekend.
Tom is going to graduate in October.
Tom is going to go to Boston by car.
Tom is going to get back home today.
Tom is going to do that, eventually.
Tom is going to do that pretty soon.
Tom is going to do that next Monday.
Tom is going to do that again today.
Tom is going to be ready in October.
Tom is going to be on duty tomorrow.
Tom is going to be home by midnight.
Tom is going to be here soon enough.
Tom is going to be here later today.
Tom is going to be here in a moment.
Tom is going to be here in a minute.
Tom is going to be here before long.
Tom is going to be here all evening.
Tom is going to be happy to see you.
Tom is going to be glad he did that.
Tom is going to be getting an award.
Tom is going to be coming home soon.
Tom is going to be back later today.
Tom is going to be back in a second.
Tom is going to be back in a moment.
Tom is going to be back in a minute.
Tom is going to be back before long.
Tom is going to be back around 2:30.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom is concerned about that problem.
Tom is certainly going to be missed.
Tom is a former boyfriend of Mary's.
Tom is Mary's former French teacher.
Tom helped Mary fix the broken lamp.
Tom hasn't done anything for us yet.
Tom hasn't been very helpful so far.
Tom has promised to help Mary today.
Tom has probably done something bad.
Tom has never told Mary he was sorry.
Tom has made some very big mistakes.
Tom has made some sandwiches for us.
Tom has lived abroad for many years.
Tom has complained about that a lot.
Tom has been working as a bartender.
Tom has been wearing a blue sweater.
Tom has been trying to get in shape.
Tom has been sneezing all afternoon.
Tom has been riding the bus to work.
Tom has been planning on doing that.
Tom has been in Boston since Monday.
Tom has been hiding in the basement.
Tom has been here since last Monday.
Tom has been getting ready to leave.
Tom has been a gambler all his life.
Tom had nothing in common with Mary.
Tom had no idea Mary would be there.
Tom had a chat with Mary about that.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston.
Tom drove Mary over to John's house.
Tom doesn't usually drink very much.
Tom doesn't often talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary today.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to eat candy.
Tom disappeared on October 20, 2013.
Tom didn't stop asking me questions.
Tom didn't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom didn't let Mary eat his dessert.
Tom crashed his car into a lamppost.
Tom could hear Mary talking to John.
Tom can tell Mary whatever he likes.
Tom called an ambulance immediately.
Tom burned everything Mary gave him.
Tom asked for permission to do that.
Tom asked Mary to walk more quickly.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him again.
Tom asked Mary if she'd eaten lunch.
Tom apparently hasn't yet done that.
Tom and Mary work at the same place.
Tom and Mary know John lied to them.
Tom and Mary have been working hard.
Tom and Mary enjoyed being together.
Tom and Mary are kissing each other.
This is Tom's third visit to Boston.
These are Tom's and Mary's bicycles.
The post office isn't far from here.
The hurricane destroyed Tom's house.
That kind of thing drives Tom crazy.
Tell Tom you'd like to go with Mary.
Perhaps Tom won't lie to us anymore.
Now is the time to start doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that.
My favorite novelist is Tom Jackson.
My advice would be to do that today.
Mary told me Tom was her ex-husband.
Mary sounds exactly like her mother.
Look what Tom found in the backyard.
It's soon going to be time to leave.
It's going to rain in the afternoon.
It's a good thing that you did that.
It's a good thing that Tom did that.
It was Tom who made Mary eat a frog.
It should be easy for us to do that.
It should be easy for me to do that.
It might be easy for Tom to do that.
Is there any other way to get there?
Is it all right if I kiss you again?
If I could do that for you, I would.
I've got lots of other things to do.
I've been watching Tom very closely.
I'm not sure Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure Tom will agree to this.
I'm currently living on Park Street.
I'll probably be here all afternoon.
I'd suggest not staying up too late.
I would've driven if Tom had let me.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I won't come back here anytime soon.
I went home without buying anything.
I want you to start studying French.
I thought Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think you should ask Tom to drive.
I think you need to stop doing that.
I think that's going to happen soon.
I think Tom won't lie to us anymore.
I think Tom did what he said he did.
I think I've heard that name before.
I think I won't be able afford that.
I suppose I really ought to do that.
I saw Tom on the beach this morning.
I let Tom talk me into helping Mary.
I know what Tom is capable of doing.
I hope Tom won't be the one driving.
I haven't kissed Tom in a long time.
I don't think Tom will give it back.
I don't kiss Tom very often anymore.
I can't stand people who always lie.
I can't remember what happened next.
I bet you wish you hadn't done that.
How much tea do you drink every day?
How much sugar do you eat every day?
How much money do you usually carry?
How much money do you plan to spend?
How many pounds has Tom lost so far?
How many pounds do you want to lose?
How many hours do you usually sleep?
How long did you spend at the beach?
Has Tom ever asked you to help Mary?
Don't forget that Tom is my brother.
Don't be in such a hurry to do that.
Do you think Tom would let me drive?
Do you think Tom will let you drive?
Do you think Tom will find anything?
Do you think Tom will agree to this?
Do you think I should let Tom drive?
Do you still live in the same place?
Do you still have a house in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still live with you?
Did Tom really lie to me about that?
You won't be able to do that today.
You should've kissed Tom goodnight.
You all don't speak French, do you?
Why wouldn't Tom want to kiss Mary?
Why would Tom want me to help Mary?
Why weren't you at today's meeting?
Why is Tom so reluctant to do that?
Why is Tom so motivated to do that?
Why do you stay at home on Mondays?
Which hotel will you be staying at?
When will Tom get back from Boston?
What time do you get off from work?
What movie would you like to watch?
We'll be watching Tom very closely.
We can't predict where Tom will be.
We can't predict how Tom will feel.
Tom's sister looks a lot like Mary.
Tom's children must be missing him.
Tom's brother looks just like John.
Tom wouldn't tell me what happened.
Tom wouldn't allow us to help Mary.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help Mary.
Tom won't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom won't let Mary hug him anymore.
Tom won't be very happy to do that.
Tom won't be very happy about that.
Tom won't be mad if Mary does that.
Tom won't be able to work tomorrow.
Tom won't be able to help us today.
Tom woke up at 2:in the morning.
Tom will wait until Mary gets here.
Tom will pick me up at the station.
Tom will like what you did for him.
Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
Tom will do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom will come back to pick Mary up.
Tom will be ready in just a minute.
Tom will be executed in three days.
Tom went to the playground to play.
Tom went to a university in Boston.
Tom wasn't really enjoying himself.
Tom was the next person to do that.
Tom was really polite on the phone.
Tom was only trying to be friendly.
Tom was killed in Boston yesterday.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary French.
Tom wanted me to do that with Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to sit next to him.
Tom told Mary to enjoy her day off.
Tom told Mary not to hug him again.
Tom told Mary he needed some money.
Tom thought he'd be safe in Boston.
Tom thought he needed to help Mary.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't help him.
Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom still hasn't washed the dishes.
Tom sounds exactly like his father.
Tom seldom kisses his wife anymore.
Tom says we can start without Mary.
Tom says he's eager to participate.
Tom says he wants to quit the band.
Tom says he can't walk any further.
Tom said that you'd better do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that.
Tom said that he'd get there early.
Tom said that he'd been very lucky.
Tom said that he'd been humiliated.
Tom said that he'd been handcuffed.
Tom said that he wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he wasn't colorblind.
Tom said that he was very ticklish.
Tom said that he was very confused.
Tom said that he was uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was really scared.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be mad.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that Mary wasn't Canadian.
Tom said that Mary was very strong.
Tom said that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom said that Mary was seldom late.
Tom said that Mary was over thirty.
Tom said that Mary was intelligent.
Tom said that Mary was hyperactive.
Tom said that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom said that Mary was hardworking.
Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
Tom said that Mary was feeling bad.
Tom said that Mary was discouraged.
Tom said that Mary was coming back.
Tom said that Mary remained silent.
Tom said that Mary often does that.
Tom said that Mary may not do that.
Tom said that Mary looked confused.
Tom said that Mary had been polite.
Tom said that Mary does that a lot.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem mad.
Tom said that Mary didn't like him.
Tom said that Mary ate his dessert.
Tom said he'd never let Mary drive.
Tom said he wanted to get divorced.
Tom said he thought Mary would cry.
Tom said he thought Mary was tired.
Tom said he thought Mary was right.
Tom said he thought Mary was ready.
Tom said he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom said he thought Mary was broke.
Tom said he thought Mary was bored.
Tom said he thought Mary was awake.
Tom said he thought Mary was alone.
Tom said he thought Mary could win.
Tom said he had a knife in his car.
Tom said he didn't want me to wait.
Tom said he couldn't help us today.
Tom said he couldn't hear anything.
Tom said Mary should've eaten more.
Tom received a three-year sentence.
Tom read the poem he wrote to Mary.
Tom rarely kisses his wife anymore.
Tom probably won't help Mary today.
Tom probably lied to us about that.
Tom needs time to think about that.
Tom must appear in court on Monday.
Tom moved in with his grandparents.
Tom might not want us to help Mary.
Tom might come home for a few days.
Tom lived in Boston his whole life.
Tom let Mary go fishing by herself.
Tom left Boston when he was thirty.
Tom knows who told Mary to do that.
Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom knew that Mary would be hungry.
Tom knew that I was home on Monday.
Tom knew that I had been suspended.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't eat spinach.
Tom isn't waiting for Mary anymore.
Tom isn't very popular around here.
Tom isn't likely to wait very long.
Tom isn't likely to stay very long.
Tom isn't likely to let Mary drive.
Tom isn't as slow as he used to be.
Tom isn't as nice as he used to be.
Tom isn't as lazy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as cute as he used to be.
Tom isn't a French teacher anymore.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come in.
Tom is very interested in baseball.
Tom is unlikely to lie to us again.
Tom is studying history at college.
Tom is sitting in the waiting room.
Tom is probably worried about Mary.
Tom is probably too shy to do that.
Tom is on vacation with his family.
Tom is never going to let you down.
Tom is never going to leave Boston.
Tom is never going to believe that.
Tom is never going to be forgotten.
Tom is just as stubborn as Mary is.
Tom is in the garden planting corn.
Tom is good at talking to children.
Tom is going to study French today.
Tom is going to retire next spring.
Tom is going to need some of these.
Tom is going to need a good lawyer.
Tom is going to help Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to handle that for us.
Tom is going to get it figured out.
Tom is going to get another chance.
Tom is going to find out the truth.
Tom is going to explain everything.
Tom is going to eventually give up.
Tom is going to eventually do that.
Tom is going to buy a blue sweater.
Tom is going to be with me all day.
Tom is going to be waiting for you.
Tom is going to be there, isn't he?
Tom is going to be late for dinner.
Tom is going to be home any minute.
Tom is going to be here until noon.
Tom is going to be here in no time.
Tom is going to be here in an hour.
Tom is going to be here in a while.
Tom is going to be here any second.
Tom is going to be here any moment.
Tom is going to be going home soon.
Tom is going to be glad to see you.
Tom is going to be busy until 2:30.
Tom is going to be back in an hour.
Tom is going to be back in a while.
Tom is going to be back any minute.
Tom is going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is going to arrive around noon.
Tom is enjoying his life in Boston.
Tom is doing this for his children.
Tom is doing that for his children.
Tom is definitely going to help us.
Tom hasn't told me who helped Mary.
Tom hasn't been able to find a job.
Tom has to do something about that.
Tom has kissed Mary more than once.
Tom has gotten used to living here.
Tom has been depressed for a while.
Tom has been absent a lot recently.
Tom has a thirteen-year-old sister.
Tom hardly ever lies to me anymore.
Tom got caught cheating on an exam.
Tom found a few coins on the floor.
Tom flashed his headlights at Mary.
Tom drove to Boston in three hours.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left him.
Tom doesn't have any place to live.
Tom doesn't drink coffee every day.
Tom died in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom didn't tell the man who he was.
Tom didn't tell Mary his last name.
Tom didn't know where he was going.
Tom didn't expect to find anything.
Tom dared Mary to kiss the teacher.
Tom can't let Mary do that anymore.
Tom called an ambulance right away.
Tom bought a basket full of apples.
Tom asked me to stay and help Mary.
Tom and Mary wrote a song together.
Tom and Mary were absent on Monday.
Tom and Mary walked close together.
Tom and Mary go to the same school.
Tom and Mary go to the same church.
Tom and Mary go to church together.
Tom and Mary are kissing right now.
Tom and I won't walk home together.
Tom and I ate sandwiches for lunch.
Tom almost never hugs Mary anymore.
This is Tom's first time in Boston.
This bicycle didn't cost that much.
That boy speaking French is my son.
Our next meeting will be on Monday.
Now that's an interesting question.
Neither Tom nor Mary has long hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gray hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has eaten yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dark hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has confessed.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rowboat.
My favorite teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Maybe Tom told Mary sit over there.
Mary's sister looks a lot like her.
Mary's husband must be missing her.
Mary's boyfriend broke up with her.
Mary would never leave her husband.
Mary told me Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary isn't your girlfriend, is she?
Mary is your girlfriend, isn't she?
Mary begged Tom not to lie anymore.
Let me go back and get an umbrella.
Lend me a hand with this, will you?
It's no secret that Tom likes Mary.
It's my intention to do that today.
It's hard to tell what Tom will do.
It's going to take time to do that.
It's going to be tiring to do that.
It might be easy for us to do that.
It might be easy for me to do that.
It might be a good idea to do that.
It didn't take Tom long to do that.
In 2013, Tom retired from baseball.
I've read every one of these books.
I've never seen that happen before.
I've become close friends with Tom.
I'm hoping it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I'll tell Tom I'm going to do that.
I'd suggest not doing that anymore.
I'd expected Tom to lie about that.
I wonder if Tom would let me drive.
I won't let Tom drive my car again.
I won't ever try hugging Tom again.
I wish I hadn't lied to the police.
I wish I could live on Park Street.
I was tempted to lie, but I didn't.
I usually take a shower before bed.
I tried to persuade Tom to help me.
I told Tom I wanted him to help me.
I told Tom I wanted him to do that.
I think you should stop doing that.
I think that this is Tom's bicycle.
I think I can't afford to buy that.
I talked to my lawyer this morning.
I promised Tom that we'd help Mary.
I often drive over the speed limit.
I made dinner for Tom Monday night.
I know Tom will want to go with us.
I hope it doesn't rain all weekend.
I hope Tom will do the right thing.
I hope Tom will be happy in Boston.
I don't think Tom will forget that.
I don't think Tom sees it that way.
I don't think Tom misses Mary much.
I didn't think you'd let Tom drive.
I asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I asked Tom to buy some rat poison.
I almost didn't kiss Tom yesterday.
How often do you hug your children?
How much more weight should I lose?
How much money was actually stolen?
How much money does a teacher make?
How much money does a plumber make?
How much money did you spend on it?
How much coffee do you drink a day?
How much can you make washing cars?
How many times has Tom kissed Mary?
How many people still speak French?
How many days ago did you buy this?
How many days ago did you buy milk?
How do you know what you should do?
How can people do things like that?
Give me a hand with this, will you?
Don't tell me you're already drunk.
Do you think Tom will let me drive?
Do you think I need to lose weight?
Did you hug you children yesterday?
Did you have a fun time last night?
Did Tom drive to Boston by himself?
About thirty people have been hurt.
A little help would be appreciated.
You should really stop doing that.
You didn't sell your car, did you?
You didn't let Tom drive, did you?
You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
Would you please not do that here?
Why is Tom so hesitant to do that?
Why is Tom always so mean to Mary?
Why do girls I don't like like me?
Why did you turn down their offer?
Why can't you be more considerate?
Why are you trying to lose weight?
Why are you determined to do that?
Why are you always so pessimistic?
Why are you always so mean to Tom?
Who told you Tom didn't kiss Mary?
Who did Tom think would help Mary?
When do you think Tom will arrive?
What's Tom going to cook for Mary?
What would Tom say if we did that?
What time is your last class over?
What makes you think Tom is wrong?
What have you accomplished so far?
What are you going to buy for Tom?
What Tom saw changed his life.
What Tom did didn't surprise Mary.
We're going to the beach tomorrow.
We're fortunate to still be alive.
We'll do that as soon as possible.
We won't be able to do that today.
We seldom kiss each other anymore.
We can't drive across that bridge.
Tom wouldn't let you guys do that.
Tom wouldn't let Mary go anywhere.
Tom wouldn't come out of his room.
Tom wondered who walked Mary home.
Tom wondered how Mary ate so much.
Tom won't go camping this weekend.
Tom will probably be leaving soon.
Tom will probably be here all day.
Tom will meet me back at my house.
Tom will make it on time, I think.
Tom will likely be pretty nervous.
Tom will have to go to a hospital.
Tom will have his house repainted.
Tom will go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom will do that for his children.
Tom will definitely never do that.
Tom will be working all afternoon.
Tom will be very sad if you leave.
Tom will be very happy to see you.
Tom will be really busy, won't he?
Tom will be mad if Mary does that.
Tom will be lonely if Mary leaves.
Tom will be late for school today.
Tom will be in Boston next summer.
Tom will be even better next time.
Tom will be a little disappointed.
Tom was really excited about that.
Tom was arrested three days later.
Tom wants you to help him do that.
Tom wants you to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wants me to fix this for Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach him French.
Tom wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with John.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in school.
Tom very seldom hugs Mary anymore.
Tom unwrapped the present quickly.
Tom tried to persuade me to drive.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him.
Tom told me to keep this a secret.
Tom told me he liked Mary's smile.
Tom thought he could impress Mary.
Tom thought Mary was an architect.
Tom thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't eat dessert.
Tom suspected something was wrong.
Tom stopped doing that months ago.
Tom still hasn't fed the chickens.
Tom still has unfinished business.
Tom stayed in the house with Mary.
Tom started dating Mary last year.
Tom spent the entire day studying.
Tom sometimes walks home from work.
Tom solved the problem on his own.
Tom should've let me talk to Mary.
Tom should be able to handle that.
Tom seemed to be somewhat curious.
Tom says that didn't surprise him.
Tom says he'll pay for everything.
Tom says he'd never do that again.
Tom says he saw Mary this morning.
Tom says he knows what he's doing.
Tom says he doesn't remember much.
Tom says he doesn't remember Mary.
Tom says aliens had abducted Mary.
Tom says Mary will likely do that.
Tom saw Mary walking on the beach.
Tom said that just a few days ago.
Tom said that he'd been fortunate.
Tom said that he'd be there early.
Tom said that he'd be cooperative.
Tom said that he wasn't very cold.
Tom said that he wasn't surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't skeptical.
Tom said that he wasn't satisfied.
Tom said that he wasn't concerned.
Tom said that he was very worried.
Tom said that he was very unhappy.
Tom said that he was very thirsty.
Tom said that he was very serious.
Tom said that he was very nervous.
Tom said that he was very excited.
Tom said that he was very curious.
Tom said that he was discontented.
Tom said that he was disappointed.
Tom said that he was conservative.
Tom said that he was ambidextrous.
Tom said that he didn't feel safe.
Tom said that Mary would be there.
Tom said that Mary would be early.
Tom said that Mary won't eat pork.
Tom said that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that Mary wasn't serious.
Tom said that Mary wasn't retired.
Tom said that Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom said that Mary wasn't married.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that Mary was very drunk.
Tom said that Mary was very angry.
Tom said that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom said that Mary was unemployed.
Tom said that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that Mary was supportive.
Tom said that Mary was possessive.
Tom said that Mary was persuasive.
Tom said that Mary was overweight.
Tom said that Mary was often late.
Tom said that Mary was interested.
Tom said that Mary was hysterical.
Tom said that Mary was frustrated.
Tom said that Mary was frightened.
Tom said that Mary was doing fine.
Tom said that Mary was dependable.
Tom said that Mary was delusional.
Tom said that Mary was attractive.
Tom said that Mary was articulate.
Tom said that Mary was aggressive.
Tom said that Mary waited for him.
Tom said that Mary should eat now.
Tom said that Mary saved his life.
Tom said that Mary likes to dance.
Tom said that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that Mary did a good job.
Tom said that Mary can't eat pork.
Tom said his parents are divorced.
Tom said he'd never let you drive.
Tom said he won't walk home today.
Tom said he thought Mary was here.
Tom said he needed to take a bath.
Tom said he almost didn't do that.
Tom said Mary was finished eating.
Tom said Mary might not eat lunch.
Tom said Mary didn't eat broccoli.
Tom retired from baseball in 2013.
Tom rented an apartment in Boston.
Tom remained in Boston until 2013.
Tom rarely ever hugs Mary anymore.
Tom raises rabbits and sells them.
Tom promised me he'd come by 2:30.
Tom painted the walls light green.
Tom never did like Mary very much.
Tom might need to walk home today.
Tom might have to walk home today.
Tom might come tomorrow afternoon.
Tom made a list of what he wanted.
Tom made a list of what he needed.
Tom made a copy of Mary's car key.
Tom likely won't die anytime soon.
Tom knows the police suspect Mary.
Tom knows that I'm claustrophobic.
Tom knew we were looking for Mary.
Tom knew that he was being unfair.
Tom knew that Mary would be tired.
Tom knew that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom knew Mary was looking for him.
Tom isn't very good at volleyball.
Tom isn't still doing that, is he?
Tom isn't staying with you, is he?
Tom isn't likely to let you drive.
Tom isn't in his office right now.
Tom isn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom isn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom isn't a very religious person.
Tom isn't a music teacher anymore.
Tom is studying French at college.
Tom is scared to go into the cave.
Tom is saving up to go to college.
Tom is probably going to be upset.
Tom is probably going to be tired.
Tom is probably going to be there.
Tom is probably going to be ready.
Tom is probably going to be early.
Tom is probably going to be angry.
Tom is only trying to be friendly.
Tom is never going to let you win.
Tom is never going to forgive you.
Tom is never going to forget Mary.
Tom is never going to do it again.
Tom is never going to be forgiven.
Tom is likely going to be pleased.
Tom is likely going to be nervous.
Tom is likely going to be jealous.
Tom is likely going to be furious.
Tom is likely going to be curious.
Tom is just trying to be friendly.
Tom is just as strange as Mary is.
Tom is going to want to know more.
Tom is going to want some of this.
Tom is going to visit Boston soon.
Tom is going to take care of this.
Tom is going to take care of that.
Tom is going to stay here tonight.
Tom is going to really be pleased.
Tom is going to need some support.
Tom is going to need both of them.
Tom is going to make Mary do that.
Tom is going to leave next Monday.
Tom is going to keep you informed.
Tom is going to help us, isn't he?
Tom is going to go, too, isn't he?
Tom is going to go there tomorrow.
Tom is going to go back home soon.
Tom is going to explain it to you.
Tom is going to do that, isn't he?
Tom is going to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to do that with Mary.
Tom is going to do that right now.
Tom is going to do that on Monday.
Tom is going to come back at 2:30.
Tom is going to college next year.
Tom is going to buy that painting.
Tom is going to become frustrated.
Tom is going to be waiting for us.
Tom is going to be waiting for me.
Tom is going to be there for sure.
Tom is going to be ready tomorrow.
Tom is going to be pretty nervous.
Tom is going to be here very soon.
Tom is going to be here till 2:30.
Tom is going to be here real soon.
Tom is going to be here on Monday.
Tom is going to be here next week.
Tom is going to be going with you.
Tom is going to be coming with us.
Tom is going to be back on Monday.
Tom is going to be back next week.
Tom is going to be back home soon.
Tom is doing quite well in school.
Tom is certainly going to do that.
Tom is actually younger than Mary.
Tom intended to do that yesterday.
Tom has promised to help us today.
Tom has just moved back to Boston.
Tom has gotten used to doing that.
Tom has friends who can help Mary.
Tom has built three houses so far.
Tom has been seeing another woman.
Tom has been reading Mary's diary.
Tom has been driving a stolen car.
Tom has a hard time keeping a job.
Tom hardly ever hugs Mary anymore.
Tom had a hard time keeping a job.
Tom got back to Boston last night.
Tom gets up before his parents do.
Tom explained his reasons clearly.
Tom doesn't want to help us today.
Tom doesn't live very far from me.
Tom doesn't know Mary's shoe size.
Tom doesn't ever hug Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't drink beer very often.
Tom does what Mary asks him to do.
Tom does tend to be a little loud.
Tom didn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom didn't know what to tell Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary was sleeping.
Tom didn't have any place to live.
Tom didn't even open the envelope.
Tom decided to do that on his own.
Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
Tom could go home if he wanted to.
Tom came to visit us last weekend.
Tom called the police immediately.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne.
Tom asked Mary to sit next to him.
Tom and Mary still live in Boston.
Tom and Mary speak French at home.
Tom and Mary have three grandsons.
Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and I studied French together.
Tom and I often walk on the beach.
Tom always seems to be by himself.
Tom admitted that he'd lied to me.
This wasn't an easy place to find.
This picture was taken in October.
This book isn't written in French.
There are several ways to do that.
That's going to happen quite soon.
That was the last thing I expected.
Tell Tom I'm not going to do that.
Someone stole Tom's car last week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has resigned.
Neither Tom nor Mary has red hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has met John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has an alibi.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a ticket.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lawyer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a guitar.
Neither Tom nor Mary can eat nuts.
My parents taught me how to drive.
My father bought me a new bicycle.
Most people here can speak French.
Mary wants me to be her boyfriend.
Mary treated Tom like her own son.
Mary is very beautiful, isn't she?
Look what I found in Tom's closet.
It's going to cost a lot of money.
It's going to cost $to fix it.
It's going to be risky to do that.
It's going to be cheap to do that.
It's definitely a dream come true.
It's been a crazy couple of years.
It won't take you long to do that.
It won't take Tom long to do that.
It took me a long time to do that.
It rained all afternoon yesterday.
It didn't take us long to do that.
It didn't take me long to do that.
Is Tom a common name in Australia?
I'm positive that Tom can do that.
I'm not going to teach you French.
I'm not going to let you get away.
I'm not going to apologize to Tom.
I'm glad we're having this debate.
I'm afraid that's not quite right.
I'll try to persuade Tom to drive.
I'll be watching Tom very closely.
I'd have driven if Tom had let me.
I wonder why Tom let Mary do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't kiss Mary.
I wonder if Tom will ever do that.
I won't ever try doing that again.
I won't drive to Boston by myself.
I trust you to do the right thing.
I think Tom won't do that, either.
I think Tom will want to sit down.
I think Tom will want to see this.
I think Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think Tom came here to see Mary.
I sort of expected this to happen.
I really can't talk about that now.
I knew you'd lie to me about that.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I hope Tom finds a way to do that.
I have lots of other things to do.
I fell asleep before Tom got home.
I doubt that Tom will forget that.
I doubt if Tom would let me drive.
I don't see your name on the list.
I don't live in Boston any longer.
I don't know who Tom will talk to.
I don't know where I left my cane.
I didn't think you'd let me drive.
I didn't know Tom knew about that.
I can't believe Tom won't do that.
How much money do you have on you?
How much money do carpenters make?
How much experience does Tom have?
How much do you make mowing lawns?
How much candy does Tom have left?
How many times has Tom kissed you?
How long have you been here today?
How long has Tom worked in Boston?
How long has Tom been helping you?
How did you persuade Tom to drive?
Have you lived in Boston for long?
French isn't Tom's first language.
Even Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Could you tell me where Tom lives?
Are you sure that Tom is busy now?
All the girls are crazy about Tom.
You'd never lie to me, would you?
You'd be crazy to lie about that.
You shouldn't have let Tom drive.
You don't walk to school, do you?
Why would Tom want us to do that?
Why is Tom trying to lose weight?
Why is Tom so good at doing that?
Why is Tom determined to do that?
Why is Tom always so pessimistic?
Why do guys I don't like like me?
Why are you reluctant to do that?
Why are you always so aggressive?
Who said Tom could join the team?
Where do you think Tom will live?
Where did you and Tom first kiss?
When will Tom get back to Boston?
When does your last class finish?
When did Tom hang up the laundry?
What's Tom going to buy for Mary?
What's Boston like in the winter?
What's Boston like in the summer?
What would you say if I did that?
What did you and Tom do together?
We're not going to let Tom drive.
We paid a lot for this furniture.
We need to find a way to do that.
We don't kiss each other anymore.
Tom's third wife was from Boston.
Tom's family must be missing him.
Tom wrapped himself in a blanket.
Tom wouldn't talk to me about it.
Tom wouldn't let me say anything.
Tom won't start doing that today.
Tom won't likely come here again.
Tom won't let you guys help Mary.
Tom won't let me hug him anymore.
Tom won't let Mary drive anymore.
Tom won't hang out with us today.
Tom won't be going to work today.
Tom will think I was behind this.
Tom will stay in the Boston area.
Tom will see if Mary can do that.
Tom will propose to Mary tonight.
Tom will probably let Mary drive.
Tom will need to walk home today.
Tom will laugh when he sees this.
Tom will have to walk home today.
Tom will have to stop doing that.
Tom will explain it to all of us.
Tom will come after us, won't he?
Tom will buy a new bicycle today.
Tom will be waiting in the lobby.
Tom will be very glad to see you.
Tom will be here for three weeks.
Tom will be executed at midnight.
Tom went duck hunting last month.
Tom was trying to calm Mary down.
Tom was really nice on the phone.
Tom was only trying to help Mary.
Tom was glad to do that for Mary.
Tom was found dead in his office.
Tom was found dead in his garage.
Tom was expecting that to happen.
Tom was alone on Valentine's Day.
Tom wants us to know he did that.
Tom wants me to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him.
Tom tried to get me to help Mary.
Tom told me you agreed with Mary.
Tom told me not to wait for Mary.
Tom told me Mary didn't eat pork.
Tom told Mary to sit next to him.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her.
Tom told Mary he was ready to go.
Tom told Mary he wanted to leave.
Tom thought Mary lived in Boston.
Tom thought Mary knew who he was.
Tom thought Mary had a boyfriend.
Tom thinks he ought to help Mary.
Tom thinks he needs to help Mary.
Tom taught Mary a new song today.
Tom still wants you to help Mary.
Tom still doesn't walk very well.
Tom stayed there for three years.
Tom slept on the sofa last night.
Tom shouldn't have let you drive.
Tom shouldn't be doing that here.
Tom says that was no coincidence.
Tom says that he likes marigolds.
Tom says Mary often eats bananas.
Tom saw Mary jogging in the park.
Tom said that you'd better leave.
Tom said that he'd been careless.
Tom said that he wasn't ticklish.
Tom said that he wasn't offended.
Tom said that he wasn't homesick.
Tom said that he was very sleepy.
Tom said that he was very lonely.
Tom said that he was unimpressed.
Tom said that he was unconvinced.
Tom said that he was unconcerned.
Tom said that he was sympathetic.
Tom said that he was overwhelmed.
Tom said that he was intoxicated.
Tom said that he was heartbroken.
Tom said that he was embarrassed.
Tom said that he was discouraged.
Tom said that he was an agnostic.
Tom said that didn't bother Mary.
Tom said that Mary's dog bit him.
Tom said that Mary yelled at him.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't swim.
Tom said that Mary wasn't single.
Tom said that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that Mary wasn't crying.
Tom said that Mary wasn't coming.
Tom said that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that Mary wasn't amused.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that Mary was very sick.
Tom said that Mary was very rich.
Tom said that Mary was very poor.
Tom said that Mary was very busy.
Tom said that Mary was unmarried.
Tom said that Mary was talkative.
Tom said that Mary was surprised.
Tom said that Mary was skeptical.
Tom said that Mary was intrigued.
Tom said that Mary was in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was impulsive.
Tom said that Mary was impressed.
Tom said that Mary was impatient.
Tom said that Mary was exhausted.
Tom said that Mary was easygoing.
Tom said that Mary was dishonest.
Tom said that Mary was desperate.
Tom said that Mary was depressed.
Tom said that Mary was delirious.
Tom said that Mary was courteous.
Tom said that Mary was concerned.
Tom said that Mary was conceited.
Tom said that Mary was attentive.
Tom said that Mary was at school.
Tom said that Mary was assertive.
Tom said that Mary was an artist.
Tom said that Mary was ambitious.
Tom said that Mary told him that.
Tom said that Mary seemed scared.
Tom said that Mary seemed hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed afraid.
Tom said that Mary might not win.
Tom said that Mary might do that.
Tom said that Mary looked sleepy.
Tom said that Mary likes to sing.
Tom said that Mary had been rude.
Tom said that Mary had been hurt.
Tom said that Mary felt homesick.
Tom said that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that Mary could do that.
Tom said not to worry about Mary.
Tom said he's never lied to Mary.
Tom said he'd pay for everything.
Tom said he heard Mary screaming.
Tom said he had no other details.
Tom said he didn't remember much.
Tom said Mary was through eating.
Tom said Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom said Mary often eats bananas.
Tom said Mary is finished eating.
Tom resigned on October 20, 2013.
Tom rents an apartment in Boston.
Tom recently bought a motorcycle.
Tom really doesn't need to worry.
Tom really doesn't have to worry.
Tom raised rabbits and sold them.
Tom quickly pulled the door open.
Tom probably won't help us today.
Tom predicted Mary would be late.
Tom pounded on Mary's front door.
Tom ought to tell Mary the truth.
Tom ought to take his medication.
Tom often goes mountain climbing.
Tom now has a job that pays well.
Tom needs to take his medication.
Tom needs to get to work on time.
Tom must've seen Mary doing that.
Tom knows how much you love Mary.
Tom knows Mary is angry with him.
Tom knows Mary doesn't like that.
Tom knows Mary can't eat peanuts.
Tom knocked on Mary's front door.
Tom knew that Mary would be busy.
Tom knew that Mary was conceited.
Tom knew that I'd be cooperative.
Tom knew that I was disappointed.
Tom knew Mary was angry with him.
Tom knew Mary shouldn't eat nuts.
Tom isn't very nice to strangers.
Tom isn't the baby of the family.
Tom isn't playing guitar anymore.
Tom isn't going to let you drive.
Tom isn't going to help us today.
Tom isn't Mary's only grandchild.
Tom is visiting family in Boston.
Tom is the one who milks the cow.
Tom is supposed to help us today.
Tom is really excited about that.
Tom is probably going to be late.
Tom is probably going to be fine.
Tom is probably going to be busy.
Tom is now a freshman at Harvard.
Tom is never going to walk again.
Tom is never going to understand.
Tom is never going to forget you.
Tom is likely going to be sleepy.
Tom is likely going to be scared.
Tom is likely going to be lonely.
Tom is likely going to be hungry.
Tom is having problems with Mary.
Tom is good at handling children.
Tom is going to need our support.
Tom is going to leave in an hour.
Tom is going to keep us informed.
Tom is going to go there with me.
Tom is going to fly to Australia.
Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
Tom is going to end up in prison.
Tom is going to do that, I think.
Tom is going to do that sometime.
Tom is going to do that for sure.
Tom is going to do that for free.
Tom is going to become a teacher.
Tom is going to be there as well.
Tom is going to be here all week.
Tom is going to be free tomorrow.
Tom is going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is going to be back tomorrow.
Tom is going to be arriving soon.
Tom is going to agree to do that.
Tom is expecting Mary to do that.
Tom heard Mary and John fighting.
Tom hasn't left his room all day.
Tom has to go to a funeral today.
Tom has something he needs to do.
Tom has made a number of enemies.
Tom has decided to become a cook.
Tom has been renovating his home.
Tom has been ready to go all day.
Tom has been planning to do that.
Tom has been acting suspiciously.
Tom has agreed to walk Mary home.
Tom has a lot to be thankful for.
Tom got a text message from Mary.
Tom expects Mary to sit with him.
Tom drove to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom doesn't want to work outside.
Tom doesn't usually drink coffee.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very well.
Tom doesn't ride the bus to work.
Tom doesn't really need to worry.
Tom doesn't know who stabbed him.
Tom doesn't have to go with Mary.
Tom died three months after Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
Tom didn't have to help us today.
Tom did that the way he was told.
Tom could teach you how to drive.
Tom can't let Mary do that again.
Tom came up with some good ideas.
Tom called the police right away.
Tom called Mary from a pay phone.
Tom bragged about what he'd done.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne.
Tom asked me to do this for Mary.
Tom apparently committed suicide.
Tom and you have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary were happy together.
Tom and Mary were both very busy.
Tom and Mary were both concerned.
Tom and Mary plan to get married.
Tom and Mary need to go home now.
Tom and Mary need to be vigilant.
Tom and Mary go jogging together.
Tom and Mary don't often eat out.
Tom and Mary ate dinner together.
Tom and Mary are very well known.
Tom and Mary are happily married.
This type of thing happens a lot.
There's a good chance it'll snow.
There's a good chance it'll rain.
There's a crack in my windshield.
There's a chance that it'll work.
That's going to happen very soon.
Tell Tom not to hug Mary anymore.
Not many young people like opera.
Neither Tom nor Mary hugged John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the flu.
Neither Tom nor Mary has retired.
Neither Tom nor Mary has arrived.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a piano.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a horse.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a fever.
Neither Tom nor Mary ate dessert.
Mary wasn't wearing a blue dress.
Mary told me Tom was her husband.
Mary told me Tom was her brother.
Mary pretended she was my sister.
Mary is your daughter, isn't she?
Mary is too young to be a mother.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend.
It's quite unlikely Tom will win.
It's only going to take a second.
It's only going to take a minute.
It's just going to take a minute.
It's just going to be you and me.
It's going to take a few seconds.
It's going to take a few minutes.
It's going to start raining soon.
It's going to happen to you, too.
It's going to be easy to do that.
It's going to be dark in an hour.
It's going to be cloudy tomorrow.
It's been raining for three days.
It'll be easy for Tom to do that.
It won't take us long to do that.
It won't take me long to do that.
It started raining at about 2:30.
It looks as if Tom won't help us.
Is something the matter with Tom?
I've spoken to Tom and he's fine.
I've never given it much thought.
I've driven to Boston many times.
I've been told Tom will be fired.
I've been here since last Monday.
I'm sure Tom will let Mary drive.
I'm sorry I didn't let you drive.
I'm not going to try to stop you.
I'm never going to let you drive.
I'm looking for something to eat.
I'm going to ask Tom to move out.
I'm convinced that I can do that.
I'm afraid I can't let you drive.
I'll do that as soon as possible.
I'd suggest not doing that again.
I'd be very surprised if Tom won.
I wished I'd gotten here earlier.
I tried to persuade Tom to drive.
I thought it'd be more expensive.
I think it's time to wake Tom up.
I think it'll start raining soon.
I think I can break Tom's record.
I think I can afford to buy that.
I sometimes can't understand Tom.
I should've kissed Tom yesterday.
I saw Tom kissing Mary yesterday.
I really like this kind of music.
I really don't think Tom will go.
I met some nice people in Boston.
I know you'd never let Tom drive.
I know where Tom will be tonight.
I know exactly what Tom will say.
I know both Mary and her husband.
I know Tom will be there tonight.
I know Tom wants us to help Mary.
I just joined the team yesterday.
I joined the team just yesterday.
I imagine I'll be busy on Monday.
I hope it's not raining tomorrow.
I hope Tom and Mary sit together.
I heard Tom will quit doing that.
I haven't talked to Tom recently.
I haven't seen Tom at all lately.
I haven't played tennis recently.
I fell asleep during the concert.
I don't usually kiss Tom goodbye.
I don't think Tom will like that.
I don't think Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think Tom will get fired.
I don't think Tom told the truth.
I don't know anything about cars.
I don't drink white wine anymore.
I can't spend the whole day here.
How's Tom getting back to Boston?
How would you say that in French?
How much applesauce should I buy?
How many times did Tom kiss Mary?
How long did you spend in Boston?
How long did the earthquake last?
How did Tom get you to help Mary?
How can I get a driver's license?
Have you heard from Tom recently?
Have you been to Boston recently?
Has Tom come to Boston this year?
Does Tom want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom know that you love Mary?
Do you really think Tom will die?
Do you really think Tom loves me?
Do you know what Tom will do now?
Come over here and give me a hug.
Can you give me a hand with this?
Boston is where Tom and Mary met.
About thirty people were injured.
You're just in time for dessert.
You can turn out the lights now.
Would you teach me how to drive?
Would you please not smoke here?
Why is Tom always so dressed up?
Why is Tom always so aggressive?
Why does this room smell so bad?
Why does Tom take that medicine?
Why are you hesitant to do that?
Why are you always so skeptical?
Why are you always so secretive?
Who's that woman talking to Tom?
Who told you where Tom was born?
Who told Tom he should hug Mary?
When did you buy those earrings?
When did you and Tom first kiss?
When did Tom teach you to drive?
What's Tom going to do for Mary?
What's Tom doing in Mary's room?
What do Tom and Mary have to do?
What are you doing in Tom's car?
We're now living in Tom's house.
We'll start as soon as possible.
We'll do that as soon as we can.
We'll begin as soon as possible.
We should've brought more worms.
We didn't even think about that.
Tom's third wife is from Boston.
Tom's parents are Mary and John.
Tom's office has been ransacked.
Tom writes several poems a week.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary anything.
Tom wouldn't have let you drive.
Tom worries about Mary too much.
Tom won't likely stay very long.
Tom won't force Mary to do that.
Tom won't be here for very long.
Tom won't be happy to hear that.
Tom won't be gone for very long.
Tom won't be at today's meeting.
Tom will write a letter to Mary.
Tom will unlikely help us today.
Tom will start doing that today.
Tom will probably help us today.
Tom will permit Mary to do that.
Tom will need medical attention.
Tom will likely lose everything.
Tom will likely be leaving soon.
Tom will lend me a book to read.
Tom will leave tomorrow morning.
Tom will find out what happened.
Tom will do what he's got to do.
Tom will crash here for a while.
Tom will come back here tonight.
Tom will be surprised, won't he?
Tom will be staying for a while.
Tom will be so happy to see you.
Tom will be really proud of you.
Tom will be lonely if you leave.
Tom will be home any minute now.
Tom will ask you some questions.
Tom wasn't on duty at that time.
Tom was very worried about that.
Tom was sitting in the backseat.
Tom wants you to sing with Mary.
Tom wants you to help him today.
Tom wants to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wants to meet Mary's family.
Tom wants to buy a leather belt.
Tom wanted to take care of Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom wanted to get out of Boston.
Tom wanted me to help him today.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home.
Tom used to never walk anywhere.
Tom unlocked his car and got in.
Tom told Mary it was time to go.
Tom thought something was wrong.
Tom thought he should help Mary.
Tom thought he had to help Mary.
Tom thought Mary would kiss him.
Tom thought Mary would help him.
Tom thought Mary would eat more.
Tom thought Mary was a Canadian.
Tom thought Mary had to do that.
Tom thinks he can do that again.
Tom taught me how to play poker.
Tom talks a lot about Australia.
Tom talked to Mary before class.
Tom still hasn't washed the car.
Tom still hasn't milked the cow.
Tom stays in Boston on weekends.
Tom stayed in the car with Mary.
Tom spilled coffee on the table.
Tom spent all afternoon cooking.
Tom soon fell in love with Mary.
Tom showed up at every practice.
Tom shouldn't be the head coach.
Tom should've bought a used car.
Tom should be locked up forever.
Tom should be added to the list.
Tom should be able to handle it.
Tom seldom stays home on Monday.
Tom says it's a dream come true.
Tom says he's in love with Mary.
Tom says he won't help us today.
Tom says he has no other choice.
Tom says Mary will be back soon.
Tom said you'd do that for Mary.
Tom said there were no problems.
Tom said that might be the case.
Tom said that he'd been foolish.
Tom said that he'd been careful.
Tom said that he wasn't worried.
Tom said that he wasn't shocked.
Tom said that he wasn't serious.
Tom said that he wasn't retired.
Tom said that he wasn't nervous.
Tom said that he wasn't married.
Tom said that he wasn't jealous.
Tom said that he wasn't healthy.
Tom said that he wasn't adopted.
Tom said that he was very upset.
Tom said that he was very sorry.
Tom said that he was very happy.
Tom said that he was very drunk.
Tom said that he was very broke.
Tom said that he was very bored.
Tom said that he was very angry.
Tom said that he was unemployed.
Tom said that he was suspicious.
Tom said that he was optimistic.
Tom said that he was interested.
Tom said that he was going bald.
Tom said that he was frustrated.
Tom said that he was frightened.
Tom said that he was colorblind.
Tom said that Mary wasn't wrong.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready.
Tom said that Mary wasn't lucky.
Tom said that Mary wasn't drunk.
Tom said that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that Mary was very sad.
Tom said that Mary was very mad.
Tom said that Mary was ticklish.
Tom said that Mary was thrilled.
Tom said that Mary was talented.
Tom said that Mary was stubborn.
Tom said that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that Mary was reliable.
Tom said that Mary was offended.
Tom said that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that Mary was homesick.
Tom said that Mary was homeless.
Tom said that Mary was gullible.
Tom said that Mary was friendly.
Tom said that Mary was divorced.
Tom said that Mary was deranged.
Tom said that Mary was creative.
Tom said that Mary was charming.
Tom said that Mary was barefoot.
Tom said that Mary was autistic.
Tom said that Mary was athletic.
Tom said that Mary was artistic.
Tom said that Mary was arrogant.
Tom said that Mary was Canadian.
Tom said that Mary seldom cries.
Tom said that Mary seemed tired.
Tom said that Mary seemed happy.
Tom said that Mary seemed drunk.
Tom said that Mary looked tired.
Tom said that Mary looked happy.
Tom said that Mary looked drunk.
Tom said that Mary is very sick.
Tom said that Mary is skeptical.
Tom said his son was a good kid.
Tom said his life was in danger.
Tom said he'd sign the contract.
Tom said he was having fun, too.
Tom said he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom said he wanted to kill Mary.
Tom said he thought I was funny.
Tom said he thought I might win.
Tom said he had no other choice.
Tom said he had no more details.
Tom said he had fully recovered.
Tom said he had a terrible cold.
Tom said he could help us today.
Tom said Mary is through eating.
Tom said I should let you drive.
Tom returned to work last month.
Tom returned Mary's book to her.
Tom retired from racing in 2013.
Tom retired from boxing in 2013.
Tom retired from acting in 2013.
Tom retired and moved to Boston.
Tom reluctantly went by himself.
Tom rarely stays home on Monday.
Tom put his suitcase on his bed.
Tom promised that he'd be there.
Tom pretended to be unconscious.
Tom posted a notice on the wall.
Tom polished his father's shoes.
Tom plays tennis in the morning.
Tom plays soccer and runs track.
Tom planted roses in the garden.
Tom ought to talk to his lawyer.
Tom only listens to heavy metal.
Tom often writes to his parents.
Tom often watches horror movies.
Tom never used to walk anywhere.
Tom never asked me to help Mary.
Tom needs to talk to his lawyer.
Tom needs to sign this document.
Tom needs to pay for everything.
Tom needs to get back to Boston.
Tom might want you to help Mary.
Tom might buy a surfboard today.
Tom may come tomorrow afternoon.
Tom made up his mind right away.
Tom made some very big mistakes.
Tom made some sandwiches for us.
Tom loves to watch horror films.
Tom lives three miles from Mary.
Tom lives only a few miles away.
Tom lived abroad for many years.
Tom likes traveling and so do I.
Tom let me make my own decision.
Tom let Mary do what she wanted.
Tom lent me his French textbook.
Tom left his glasses in his car.
Tom left Australia this morning.
Tom leaves for Boston next week.
Tom knows that I'm disorganized.
Tom knows it's a tough decision.
Tom knows how to sharpen knives.
Tom knows how to play the blues.
Tom knows how to open this door.
Tom knows how I feel about Mary.
Tom knows his children need him.
Tom knew that he was overweight.
Tom knew that I was unimpressed.
Tom knew that I was unconvinced.
Tom knew that I was sympathetic.
Tom knew that I was heartbroken.
Tom knew that I was embarrassed.
Tom knew that I was discouraged.
Tom knew he needed to help Mary.
Tom knew he had to do something.
Tom knew Mary couldn't eat nuts.
Tom kept me waiting for an hour.
Tom isn't likely to forget that.
Tom isn't going to buy a camera.
Tom isn't at his desk right now.
Tom isn't afraid to do anything.
Tom isn't able to help us today.
Tom isn't a computer programmer.
Tom isn't Mary's French teacher.
Tom is wearing a dark blue suit.
Tom is waiting for Mary at home.
Tom is very interested in music.
Tom is too shy to talk to girls.
Tom is talking to his roommates.
Tom is sound asleep in his room.
Tom is scared to try new things.
Tom is probably not going to go.
Tom is probably going to say no.
Tom is probably going to be mad.
Tom is playing a game with Mary.
Tom is only trying to help Mary.
Tom is now home with his family.
Tom is not going to let Mary go.
Tom is likely going to be tired.
Tom is likely going to be ready.
Tom is likely going to be early.
Tom is likely going to be angry.
Tom is likely going to be alone.
Tom is just trying to help Mary.
Tom is just as short as Mary is.
Tom is just as funny as Mary is.
Tom is just as crazy as Mary is.
Tom is going to wash the dishes.
Tom is going to wait until 2:30.
Tom is going to try to stop you.
Tom is going to try and stop me.
Tom is going to return tomorrow.
Tom is going to need more money.
Tom is going to miss Mary a lot.
Tom is going to let you do that.
Tom is going to let Mary decide.
Tom is going to leave next week.
Tom is going to know what to do.
Tom is going to go to Australia.
Tom is going to get better soon.
Tom is going to do that somehow.
Tom is going to do that himself.
Tom is going to be worried sick.
Tom is going to be very pleased.
Tom is going to be missed a lot.
Tom is going to be leaving soon.
Tom is going to be home by 2:30.
Tom is going to be here tonight.
Tom is going to be here by 2:30.
Tom is going to be gone all day.
Tom is going to be back by 2:30.
Tom is going to be back at 2:30.
Tom is going to be an architect.
Tom is going to be absent today.
Tom is going to appreciate that.
Tom is going to always be there.
Tom is from Australia, isn't he?
Tom is expecting that to happen.
Tom is definitely going to come.
Tom is currently writing a book.
Tom is being treated for cancer.
Tom is afraid to try new things.
Tom is a third-year law student.
Tom insists nothing has changed.
Tom insisted on my helping Mary.
Tom heard Mary and John talking.
Tom has persuaded Mary to drive.
Tom has no friends to talk with.
Tom has never said he was sorry.
Tom has had more than one drink.
Tom has had his house repainted.
Tom has had a nervous breakdown.
Tom has done a lot for our team.
Tom has decided he's had enough.
Tom has been waiting to do that.
Tom has been sentenced to death.
Tom has been out skiing all day.
Tom has been named team captain.
Tom has been missing since 2013.
Tom has been arrested in Boston.
Tom has always been an optimist.
Tom has already joined the team.
Tom has a history of depression.
Tom had burns all over his body.
Tom got married in October 2013.
Tom got Mary to sit next to him.
Tom goes to Boston once a month.
Tom gets along with his in-laws.
Tom gets a haircut once a month.
Tom fell down and hurt his knee.
Tom explained his reasons to me.
Tom expects Mary to forgive him.
Tom drove to Boston last Monday.
Tom doesn't want to study today.
Tom doesn't want to settle down.
Tom doesn't want to do anything.
Tom doesn't speak French either.
Tom doesn't play guitar anymore.
Tom doesn't greet his neighbors.
Tom doesn't even know your name.
Tom died of pneumonia in Boston.
Tom died of lung cancer in 2013.
Tom died in a car crash in 2013.
Tom didn't want to work outside.
Tom didn't want to play outside.
Tom didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom didn't treat Mary very well.
Tom didn't resign. He got fired.
Tom didn't know Mary was hungry.
Tom didn't do too badly himself.
Tom didn't do the job very well.
Tom didn't do anything about it.
Tom couldn't get what he wanted.
Tom complained about that a lot.
Tom commutes to work by bicycle.
Tom cleaned his room in a hurry.
Tom can't come to work tomorrow.
Tom can swim further than I can.
Tom came to ask us to help Mary.
Tom came to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom came into the room, sobbing.
Tom brushed his daughter's hair.
Tom bought an expensive bicycle.
Tom bought an electric chainsaw.
Tom borrowed a pencil from Mary.
Tom attends church every Sunday.
Tom asked Mary why she had lied.
Tom and Mary were good students.
Tom and Mary met at the library.
Tom and Mary have nothing to do.
Tom always gets to work on time.
Tom almost never walks anywhere.
Today is the last day of school.
This might just be what we need.
Things are likely to get better.
The snow kept me from going out.
That name sounds familiar to me.
Something is starting to happen.
No wonder Tom never got married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a cold.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a boat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a blog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a bike.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Ph.D.
My favorite poet is Tom Jackson.
Mary wished she had a boyfriend.
Mary looks just like her mother.
Mary isn't wearing a blue dress.
Mary bought herself a new dress.
It's going to stop raining soon.
It's going to be fun to do that.
It'll be easy for us to do that.
It'll be easy for me to do that.
It was a lot of work to do that.
It looks like Tom won't help us.
Is it OK to come again tomorrow?
Is Tom really a science teacher?
Introduce me to your friend Tom.
If Tom won't go, I won't either.
I've come a long way since then.
I'm sure Tom will let you drive.
I'm still living on Park Street.
I'm positive that I can do that.
I'm hoping it'll happen quickly.
I'm going to buy a new umbrella.
I'd prefer to do that on Monday.
I won't do anything to hurt Tom.
I wish I'd kissed Tom yesterday.
I want to start studying French.
I want to start learning French.
I think Tom will love this book.
I think Tom wants me to do that.
I think Tom knows who shot Mary.
I think Tom is somewhat curious.
I think Tom has done a good job.
I think Tom doesn't remember me.
I need time to think about this.
I need time to think about that.
I hear Tom will quit doing that.
I haven't washed the dishes yet?
I guess I was kind of surprised.
I don't think I can afford that.
I don't believe you can do that.
I couldn't find a parking space.
I couldn't do that for a living.
I can't help worrying about Tom.
I can't hear what Tom is saying.
I can't believe I let Tom drive.
I already know what Tom will do.
I actually kissed Tom yesterday.
Hundreds attended Tom's funeral.
How much of this stuff is yours?
How much money do teachers make?
How much money do plumbers make?
How much ice cream should I buy?
How much chocolate should I buy?
How much cheese do we have left?
How much candy do you have left?
How much applesauce did you eat?
How much applesauce did you buy?
How much applesauce did Tom eat?
How many times did you kiss Tom?
How many pictures will Tom take?
How many pictures has Tom taken?
How many eggs do you eat a week?
How does Tom know what happened?
How do I get a driver's license?
How did you get to the hospital?
How did Tom get to the hospital?
How did Tom get to be so famous?
How did Tom get to be a partner?
Haven't you finished eating yet?
Have you been downtown recently?
Everything seems to be going OK.
Don't you remember what Tom did?
Do you still play golf with Tom?
Do you still eat lunch with Tom?
Do you know that guy over there?
Do you know if Tom will do that?
Did Tom go to Boston in October?
Are you doing anything tomorrow?
Are these Tom's and Mary's cups?
Are these Tom's and Mary's bags?
You'll just have to be patient.
You'd better not let Tom drive.
You really like Tom, don't you?
You might try doing that today.
You left your hat on the table.
Would you like another blanket?
Why wouldn't you let Tom drive?
Why is Tom so good at swimming?
Why is Tom so good at baseball?
Why is Tom always so secretive?
Why has Tom been losing weight?
Why are you tempted to do that?
Why are you being so sarcastic?
Why Tom won't let Mary do that?
Who told Tom he should do that?
Who knows what Tom is thinking?
Who else would want to do that?
When did you buy this computer?
What happened to Tom on Monday?
What do you and Tom want to do?
We think Tom will be back soon.
We know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom's wife must be missing him.
Tom's van is parked over there.
Tom's school is on Park Street.
Tom's name is also on the list.
Tom's car is parked over there.
Tom wouldn't like it in Boston.
Tom would never let Mary drive.
Tom would never leave his wife.
Tom won't want Mary to do that.
Tom won't try to do that today.
Tom won't likely help us today.
Tom won't likely do that again.
Tom won't let me drive anymore.
Tom won't do that now, will he?
Tom won't do anything about it.
Tom won't be at the conference.
Tom will wash the car tomorrow.
Tom will love living in Boston.
Tom will go to school tomorrow.
Tom will find out what you did.
Tom will do something about it.
Tom will come back to get Mary.
Tom will come back and help us.
Tom will ask Mary to marry him.
Tom will allow Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't there to greet Mary.
Tom wasn't a very good student.
Tom was likely unaware of that.
Tom was here all day yesterday.
Tom was born in in Boston.
Tom wants you to wait for Mary.
Tom wants to try something new.
Tom wants to help Mary do that.
Tom wants to become a pharmacist.
Tom wants me to work with Mary.
Tom wanted me to wait for Mary.
Tom wanted me to come get Mary.
Tom very seldom walks anywhere.
Tom very rarely walks anywhere.
Tom told me not to follow Mary.
Tom thought it was an accident.
Tom thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom thought Mary might do that.
Tom thinks he should help Mary.
Tom thinks he has to help Mary.
Tom still can't walk very well.
Tom started crying immediately.
Tom spent three days in Boston.
Tom sometimes gets embarrassed.
Tom shouldn't be gone too long.
Tom should've let Mary do that.
Tom should take his medication.
Tom shot Mary between the eyes.
Tom seems eager to participate.
Tom says he's looking for Mary.
Tom says he'll stay for dinner.
Tom says he won't buy any beer.
Tom says Mary seldom eats fish.
Tom saw Mary and John fighting.
Tom said this belonged to Mary.
Tom said that's no longer true.
Tom said that he wasn't single.
Tom said that he wasn't scared.
Tom said that he wasn't guilty.
Tom said that he wasn't amused.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he was very sick.
Tom said that he was very rich.
Tom said that he was very poor.
Tom said that he was very cold.
Tom said that he was unmarried.
Tom said that he was terrified.
Tom said that he was surprised.
Tom said that he was skeptical.
Tom said that he was satisfied.
Tom said that he was mortified.
Tom said that he was miserable.
Tom said that he was irritated.
Tom said that he was intrigued.
Tom said that he was impressed.
Tom said that he was exhausted.
Tom said that he was desperate.
Tom said that he was depressed.
Tom said that he was concerned.
Tom said that he felt homesick.
Tom said that Mary wasn't well.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sick.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hurt.
Tom said that Mary was worried.
Tom said that Mary was wealthy.
Tom said that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that Mary was too fat.
Tom said that Mary was strange.
Tom said that Mary was shocked.
Tom said that Mary was serious.
Tom said that Mary was selfish.
Tom said that Mary was retired.
Tom said that Mary was psyched.
Tom said that Mary was patient.
Tom said that Mary was nervous.
Tom said that Mary was married.
Tom said that Mary was jealous.
Tom said that Mary was helpful.
Tom said that Mary was healthy.
Tom said that Mary was furious.
Tom said that Mary was engaged.
Tom said that Mary was curious.
Tom said that Mary was bipolar.
Tom said that Mary was at home.
Tom said that Mary was annoyed.
Tom said that Mary was adopted.
Tom said that Mary slapped him.
Tom said that Mary seldom wins.
Tom said that Mary seemed busy.
Tom said that Mary punched him.
Tom said that Mary often cries.
Tom said that Mary may do that.
Tom said that Mary looked pale.
Tom said that Mary looked busy.
Tom said that Mary is ticklish.
Tom said that Mary always wins.
Tom said he wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom said he never lied to Mary.
Tom said he likes to ski, too.
Tom said he knew the area well.
Tom said goodbye to his family.
Tom said Mary sat in the front.
Tom rarely ever walks anywhere.
Tom quit doing that months ago.
Tom promised to walk Mary home.
Tom promised he'd walk the dog.
Tom probably won't die tonight.
Tom now knows where Mary lives.
Tom needs to apologize to Mary.
Tom must've seen us doing that.
Tom moved to Boston in October.
Tom might ask you to help Mary.
Tom made up his mind weeks ago.
Tom lost sight of his daughter.
Tom likes to talk to strangers.
Tom knows that I'm competitive.
Tom knew that Mary was engaged.
Tom knew that I'd be back soon.
Tom knew that I was suspicious.
Tom knew that I was optimistic.
Tom knew that I was interested.
Tom knew that I was frightened.
Tom knew that I was displeased.
Tom isn't too tired to do that.
Tom isn't still at work, is he?
Tom isn't interested in horses.
Tom isn't aware that Mary lied.
Tom isn't as strong as you are.
Tom is working as a dispatcher.
Tom wants to buy my old car.
Tom is very worried about this.
Tom is very worried about that.
Tom is very busy at the moment.
Tom is trapped in the basement.
Tom is the one who helped Mary.
Tom is the man who helped Mary.
Tom is the head football coach.
Tom is the guy who helped Mary.
Tom is still working as a cook.
Tom is searching for a way out.
Tom is probably going to be up.
Tom is probably going to be OK.
Tom is one of my ex-boyfriends.
Tom is never going to catch me.
Tom is likely going to do that.
Tom is likely going to be late.
Tom is likely going to be home.
Tom is likely going to be busy.
Tom is just worried about Mary.
Tom is hoping you'll help Mary.
Tom is having problems at work.
Tom is going to win eventually.
Tom is going to remain at home.
Tom is going to quit on Monday.
Tom is going to need some help.
Tom is going to meet you there.
Tom is going to let Mary drive.
Tom is going to end up in jail.
Tom is going to drive you home.
Tom is going to do it tomorrow.
Tom is going to do a great job.
Tom is going to come on Monday.
Tom is going to come home soon.
Tom is going to come back soon.
Tom is going to call you later.
Tom is going to be discouraged.
Tom is going to be bored stiff.
Tom is asleep in the next room.
Tom is always the last to know.
Tom is a retired schoolteacher.
Tom is a bad influence on Mary.
Tom hurried back to his office.
Tom has worked as a journalist.
Tom has woken up from his coma.
Tom has to tell Mary the truth.
Tom has to take his medication.
Tom has made a good suggestion.
Tom has decided to buy a house.
Tom has been here since Monday.
Tom has already talked to Mary.
Tom had an operation last week.
Tom got rid of his old bicycle.
Tom gave me just what I needed.
Tom gave Mary his home address.
Tom filled the vase with water.
Tom doesn't usually drink wine.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer.
Tom doesn't often drink coffee.
Tom doesn't ever walk anywhere.
Tom does tend to be late a lot.
Tom didn't let me say anything.
Tom decided he needed a change.
Tom couldn't get his gloves on.
Tom came into the room, crying.
Tom called Mary at around 2:30.
Tom called Mary Monday evening.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket.
Tom baked a cake for the party.
Tom ate the apple you gave him.
Tom asked me where Mary worked.
Tom asked me to do it for Mary.
Tom and Mary were very unhappy.
Tom and Mary took care of John.
Tom and Mary talked about John.
Tom and Mary have the same job.
Tom and Mary have already left.
Tom and Mary got married young.
Tom and Mary are still at home.
This photo was taken on Monday.
This is where Tom and Mary met.
These flowers were sent by Tom.
That's the best I've ever seen.
Tell Tom that I'm proud of him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a gun.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a car.
Music is a big part of my life.
Maybe I could help Tom do that.
May I take a nap on your couch?
Mary is your sister, isn't she?
Leave a message after the beep.
It's unlikely Tom will do that.
It's going to take a long time.
It's going to all be over soon.
It's fine by me if you do that.
It's been really windy all day.
It's OK with me if you do that.
It won't be so easy to do that.
It was a bit tricky to do that.
It took a long time to do that.
Is it OK to come tomorrow, too?
If Tom wants to drive, let him.
I've spoken to Tom and he's OK.
I've been here for three weeks.
I'm worried about Tom's future.
I'm sure Tom will be all right.
I'm not sure Tom will be there.
I'm not going to let you drive.
I'm not going to let Tom drive.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
I'm convinced Tom isn't guilty.
I'm a patient of Dr. Jackson's.
I'll give this to Tom tomorrow.
I wonder why is Tom doing that.
I wonder what Tom will tell us.
I want you to start doing that.
I very seldom kiss Tom anymore.
I used to lived on Park Street.
I took this picture in October.
I think Tom will propose to me.
I think Tom will do that today.
I think Tom still has a chance.
I think I should go to the gym.
I spend a lot of time studying.
I shouldn't have let you drive.
I never would've let Tom drive.
I listen to music all day long.
I know that you care about Tom.
I hope you remember to do that.
I hope Tom does that on Monday.
I have many other things to do.
I hardly ever kiss Tom anymore.
I forgot to ask Tom to do that.
I don't walk to school anymore.
I don't think Tom will make it.
I don't think Tom will hear us.
I don't often kiss Tom anymore.
I don't know when I'll do that.
I can't take this pain anymore.
I can't stand people like that.
I can't speak a word of French.
I can't make up for what I did.
I believe that Tom can do that.
How much sand is in the bucket?
How much property does Tom own?
How much more water do we have?
How much money have you stolen?
How much ice cream do you want?
How much ice cream did you eat?
How much ice cream did you buy?
How much ice cream did Tom eat?
How much chocolate did you eat?
How much chocolate did you buy?
How much chocolate did Tom eat?
How much candy do we have left?
How many pictures did Tom take?
How did you know Tom had a dog?
Don't tell Tom that I did that.
Does Tom ever hug his children?
Do you think Tom would do that?
Do you have plans for tomorrow?
Did you pack this bag yourself?
Did you do anything last night?
Did you come by yourself today?
Did you bring what I asked for?
Could you tell me what this is?
Could you help me for a second?
Are you going to let Tom drive?
You promised me you'd do that.
Would you like a piece of pie?
Why is Tom being so sarcastic?
Why does Tom take those pills?
Why didn't you help Tom today?
Why didn't Tom help you today?
Why didn't Tom get on the bus?
Why are you always so unlucky?
Why are you always so jealous?
Why are you always so grouchy?
Who told you why Tom was late?
Who told Tom not to kiss Mary?
Where is Tom Jackson's office?
Where can I rent a motorcycle?
What's your plan for tomorrow?
We're not going to lie to you.
We'll start as soon as we can.
We'll begin as soon as we can.
We don't speak French at home.
Tom's trial lasted three days.
Tom's third wife died in 2013.
Tom's parents don't like Mary.
Tom's motorcycle is brand new.
Tom wouldn't tell us anything.
Tom wouldn't make you do that.
Tom wouldn't like living here.
Tom wouldn't let us help Mary.
Tom would never let you drive.
Tom wondered if Mary ate pork.
Tom won't bother Mary anymore.
Tom won't be helping us today.
Tom won't be happy about this.
Tom won't be doing that today.
Tom will put his dog to sleep.
Tom will love being in Boston.
Tom will like being in Boston.
Tom will learn how to do that.
Tom will have to talk to Mary.
Tom will have to study harder.
Tom will go skiing by himself.
Tom will find out what we did.
Tom will come when he's ready.
Tom will be tried as an adult.
Tom will be back this evening.
Tom wasn't very upset by that.
Tom was in Boston at the time.
Tom was gone for three months.
Tom was Mary's French teacher.
Tom wants to do something new.
Tom wants me to wait for Mary.
Tom walks his dog twice a day.
Tom took Mary to the doctor's.
Tom told us what was going on.
Tom told us what had happened.
Tom told me you work for Mary.
Tom thought he'd be safe here.
Tom thought Mary was homesick.
Tom thinks it was an accident.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that.
Tom still can't find his keys.
Tom spilled wine on his shirt.
Tom spilled soup on his shirt.
Tom spilled coffee on himself.
Tom showed up at Mary's party.
Tom showed Mary his new watch.
Tom should talk to his lawyer.
Tom should pay for everything.
Tom says that Mary lies a lot.
Tom says he'd never kiss Mary.
Tom says he can help us today.
Tom said that you'd better go.
Tom said that he'd been wrong.
Tom said that he'd be on time.
Tom said that he wasn't wrong.
Tom said that he wasn't sorry.
Tom said that he wasn't ready.
Tom said that he wasn't lucky.
Tom said that he wasn't drunk.
Tom said that he wasn't broke.
Tom said that he wasn't alone.
Tom said that he was very sad.
Tom said that he was very mad.
Tom said that he was unbiased.
Tom said that he was unafraid.
Tom said that he was troubled.
Tom said that he was ticklish.
Tom said that he was thrilled.
Tom said that he was relieved.
Tom said that he was prepared.
Tom said that he was offended.
Tom said that he was mistaken.
Tom said that he was homesick.
Tom said that he was homeless.
Tom said that he was grateful.
Tom said that he was famished.
Tom said that he was divorced.
Tom said that he was confused.
Tom said that Mary would come.
Tom said that Mary would call.
Tom said that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that Mary was unhurt.
Tom said that Mary was thirty.
Tom said that Mary was strict.
Tom said that Mary was stingy.
Tom said that Mary was skinny.
Tom said that Mary was single.
Tom said that Mary was scared.
Tom said that Mary was pretty.
Tom said that Mary was lonely.
Tom said that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that Mary was honest.
Tom said that Mary was crying.
Tom said that Mary was cranky.
Tom said that Mary was chubby.
Tom said that Mary was bright.
Tom said that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that Mary was afraid.
Tom said that Mary left early.
Tom said that Mary isn't well.
Tom said that Mary isn't done.
Tom said that Mary isn't cold.
Tom said that Mary isn't busy.
Tom said that Mary is thirsty.
Tom said that Mary is retired.
Tom said that Mary is curious.
Tom said that Mary didn't win.
Tom said he heard Mary scream.
Tom said he felt the same way.
Tom said Mary told him to lie.
Tom never kisses Mary anymore.
Tom never intended to do that.
Tom never actually lied to me.
Tom needs to get out of there.
Tom needed to change his plan.
Tom moved to Boston last year.
Tom may buy a surfboard today.
Tom made a very wise decision.
Tom locked his bike to a tree.
Tom likes to play in the snow.
Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
Tom knew that Mary was asleep.
Tom knew that I was terrified.
Tom knew that I was surprised.
Tom knew that I was skeptical.
Tom knew that I was satisfied.
Tom knew that I was miserable.
Tom knew that I was irritated.
Tom knew that I was in Boston.
Tom knew that I was impressed.
Tom knew that I was exhausted.
Tom knew that I was desperate.
Tom knew that I was depressed.
Tom knew that I was concerned.
Tom knew more than he told us.
Tom isn't wearing his uniform.
Tom isn't old enough to drink.
Tom isn't likely to stay long.
Tom isn't here at this moment.
Tom isn't going to work today.
Tom is wearing a blue sweater.
Tom is unaware that Mary lied.
Tom is trying to get in shape.
Tom is probably going to wait.
Tom is probably going to lose.
Tom is probably going to fail.
Tom is probably going to come.
Tom is playing basketball now.
Tom is never going to recover.
Tom is never going to give up.
Tom is never going to find it.
Tom is married to a biologist.
Tom is married to Mary's aunt.
Tom is likely unaware of that.
Tom is hiding in the basement.
Tom is happy with his new job.
Tom is going to win this game.
Tom is going to meet me later.
Tom is going to leave tonight.
Tom is going to join us later.
Tom is going to help us today.
Tom is going to go to college.
Tom is going to get well soon.
Tom is going to get here soon.
Tom is going to get back soon.
Tom is going to figure it out.
Tom is going to do that later.
Tom is going to do that alone.
Tom is going to come tomorrow.
Tom is going to call you soon.
Tom is going to be so jealous.
Tom is going to be here today.
Tom is going to be here later.
Tom is going to be frightened.
Tom is going to be back later.
Tom is going to be along soon.
Tom is going to ask Mary to wait.
Tom is aware of what Mary did.
Tom is a teacher and novelist.
Tom is a high school graduate.
Tom is Mary's only grandchild.
Tom hates being called stupid.
Tom has until 2:to do that.
Tom has no idea why Mary lied.
Tom has found a job in Boston.
Tom has been studying all day.
Tom has been skipping classes.
Tom has been coughing all day.
Tom has been asking for money.
Tom has asked us to help Mary.
Tom has a tattoo on his chest.
Tom had on shoes but no socks.
Tom gave me everything he had.
Tom found a good hiding place.
Tom forced Mary to eat a frog.
Tom explained why he did that.
Tom drove to Boston with Mary.
Tom doesn't like his new sofa.
Tom doesn't know who shot him.
Tom doesn't kiss Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have an assistant.
Tom died from a gunshot wound.
Tom didn't want to go outside.
Tom didn't read Mary's letter.
Tom didn't know Mary was busy.
Tom didn't come to my concert.
Tom did very well on the exam.
Tom decided he had had enough.
Tom bought a new guitar today.
Tom begged me to go with Mary.
Tom asked me to buy some wine.
Tom asked me not to help Mary.
Tom asked me if I missed Mary.
Tom asked Mary to walk faster.
Tom asked Mary join his group.
Tom and Mary were both scared.
Tom and Mary were both afraid.
Tom and Mary are working hard.
Tom and Mary are very unhappy.
Tom and Mary are still eating.
Tom and Mary are here to stay.
This didn't cost me very much.
The food there was disgusting.
That's not what we need to do.
Thanks for washing the dishes.
Tell me what you have planned.
Tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Someday, I'll need to do that.
Someday, I'll have to do that.
October 20, was a Monday.
Now isn't the time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left.
My flight will arrive at 2:30.
Maybe I could do that for you.
Mary was wearing a blue dress.
Mary never kisses her husband.
Make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Let me teach you how to drive.
Jackson is Mary's maiden name.
It's only going to get better.
It's definitely going to rain.
It's been raining all morning.
It was easy for us to do that.
It looks like it'll rain soon.
Is Tom really married to Mary?
I'm scared to death right now.
I'm going to buy a new camera.
I'm glad we did that together.
I'll be home all day tomorrow.
I'll be here until about 2:30.
I'd be willing to lie for you.
I wonder why Tom lies so much.
I won't ask Tom to lie for me.
I wish I hadn't let Tom drive.
I was hoping Tom would resign.
I wanted to lie, but I didn't.
I usually don't eat breakfast.
I tried to guess Tom's weight.
I think Tom won't forget that.
I think Tom will like it here.
I suggest you stop doing that.
I should've never lied to you.
I should've never lied to Tom.
I really want a cup of coffee.
I really need a cup of coffee.
I read that article last week.
I need to get home right away.
I knew Tom wouldn't lie to us.
I haven't done the dishes yet.
I have a house on Park Street.
I guess we should forgive Tom.
I guess I was kind of shocked.
I found it hard to lie to Tom.
I don't think Tom will resign.
I don't share your enthusiasm.
I don't ever kiss Tom anymore.
I almost kissed Tom yesterday.
How much wine do we have left?
How much support did Tom need?
How much support did Tom have?
How much more time do we have?
How much money will that take?
How much coffee did you drink?
How much coffee did Tom drink?
How much candy have you eaten?
How many pounds have you lost?
Dr. Jackson has many patients.
Does Tom want us to help Mary?
Does Tom want me to help Mary?
Didn't you kiss Tom yesterday?
Can you teach me how to drive?
You should go home and relax.
You may do whatever you like.
Would you help me carry this?
Why is Tom so good at French?
Why is Tom always so grouchy?
Why didn't you let Tom drive?
Why are you being nice to me?
Why are you always so sleepy?
Why are you always so grumpy?
Who's that woman kissing Tom?
Who did Tom ask to help Mary?
Where are Tom and Mary going?
When did you try hugging Tom?
When did you buy those shoes?
When did you and Tom do that?
What was Tom doing in Boston?
We won't be working tomorrow.
We both kissed Tom yesterday.
Tom's room smells really bad.
Tom's children must miss him.
Tom wouldn't try to stop you.
Tom wouldn't like doing that.
Tom wouldn't drive to Boston.
Tom wouldn't do that, either.
Tom would never let me drive.
Tom won't visit you tomorrow.
Tom won't think that's funny.
Tom won't show up here again.
Tom won't leave anytime soon.
Tom won't do that right away.
Tom won't be here to do that.
Tom won't be happy to see me.
Tom will wake up pretty soon.
Tom will never let you drive.
Tom will make a great father.
Tom will get you some coffee.
Tom will find out eventually.
Tom will eat with us tonight.
Tom will do that next summer.
Tom will come looking for me.
Tom will be on duty tomorrow.
Tom wasn't there to greet us.
Tom was too tired to do that.
Tom was on duty at that time.
Tom was married at that time.
Tom wants us to go with Mary.
Tom wants to live on his own.
Tom wants me to wait for him.
Tom wants me to go with Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to come home.
Tom told Mary about the fire.
Tom still hasn't fed the dog.
Tom stayed at home with Mary.
Tom spent all day doing that.
Tom shouldn't let Mary drive.
Tom shouldn't do it that way.
Tom seldom hugs Mary anymore.
Tom says he's had a hard day.
Tom says he'll help us today.
Tom says he understands Mary.
Tom says Mary is still alive.
Tom said that he wasn't sick.
Tom said that he wasn't rich.
Tom said that he wasn't hurt.
Tom said that he wasn't free.
Tom said that he wasn't done.
Tom said that he wasn't cold.
Tom said that he was worried.
Tom said that he was unlucky.
Tom said that he was stunned.
Tom said that he was starved.
Tom said that he was shocked.
Tom said that he was serious.
Tom said that he was retired.
Tom said that he was relaxed.
Tom said that he was puzzled.
Tom said that he was psychic.
Tom said that he was psyched.
Tom said that he was pleased.
Tom said that he was nervous.
Tom said that he was married.
Tom said that he was jealous.
Tom said that he was healthy.
Tom said that he was furious.
Tom said that he was excited.
Tom said that he was dubious.
Tom said that he was curious.
Tom said that he was baffled.
Tom said that he was annoyed.
Tom said that he was adopted.
Tom said that Mary was wrong.
Tom said that Mary was witty.
Tom said that Mary was upset.
Tom said that Mary was there.
Tom said that Mary was short.
Tom said that Mary was ready.
Tom said that Mary was picky.
Tom said that Mary was naive.
Tom said that Mary was moody.
Tom said that Mary was happy.
Tom said that Mary was fussy.
Tom said that Mary was funny.
Tom said that Mary was crazy.
Tom said that Mary was broke.
Tom said that Mary was brave.
Tom said that Mary was bossy.
Tom said that Mary was bored.
Tom said that Mary was blind.
Tom said that Mary was angry.
Tom said that Mary was alone.
Tom said that Mary might win.
Tom said that Mary might cry.
Tom said that Mary isn't shy.
Tom said that Mary is lonely.
Tom said nothing had changed.
Tom said it belonged to Mary.
Tom said he wanted a new car.
Tom said he had to help Mary.
Tom resigned on October 20th.
Tom refused to speak to Mary.
Tom refused to open the door.
Tom really enjoyed the movie.
Tom rarely hugs Mary anymore.
Tom predicted Mary would lie.
Tom polished my shoes for me.
Tom only listens to podcasts.
Tom now works as a bartender.
Tom now knows how to do that.
Tom never asks for more time.
Tom needs to see a therapist.
Tom needs to make some money.
Tom needs to check with Mary.
Tom needs to change his plan.
Tom needed to buy a new belt.
Tom looks pretty happy today.
Tom knows Mary is mad at him.
Tom knew that Mary was crazy.
Tom knew that I'd be on time.
Tom knew that I'd be curious.
Tom knew that I'd be careful.
Tom knew that I was unafraid.
Tom knew that I was offended.
Tom knew that I was homesick.
Tom knew that I was homeless.
Tom knew that I was confused.
Tom knew he should help Mary.
Tom knew Mary didn't do that.
Tom isn't used to doing this.
Tom isn't playing tennis now.
Tom isn't as wise as you are.
Tom is still on life support.
Tom is never going to change.
Tom is looking for a way out.
Tom is likely going to be OK.
Tom is going to win tomorrow.
Tom is going to win the race.
Tom is going to win for sure.
Tom is going to want to help.
Tom is going to wait for you.
Tom is going to stay with us.
Tom is going to protect Mary.
Tom is going to pay the bill.
Tom is going to need surgery.
Tom is going to let Mary win.
Tom is going to have to wait.
Tom is going to go to Boston.
Tom is going to get it fixed.
Tom is going to get homesick.
Tom is going to forgive Mary.
Tom is going to do that soon.
Tom is going to deal with it.
Tom is going to cook for you.
Tom is going to come with me.
Tom is going to come get you.
Tom is going to come by taxi.
Tom is going to come at 2:30.
Tom is going to be very hurt.
Tom is going to be done soon.
Tom is going to be depressed.
Tom is going to be back soon.
Tom is going to be a janitor.
Tom is from a wealthy family.
Tom is exceptionally unlucky.
Tom is a teacher's assistant.
Tom heard the water dripping.
Tom has started dating again.
Tom has never seen the ocean.
Tom has had enough of Boston.
Tom has family in the Boston.
Tom has been staying with us.
Tom has been skipping school.
Tom has been on duty all day.
Tom has been driving to work.
Tom has been arrested before.
Tom expected to be safe here.
Tom doesn't often drink wine.
Tom doesn't often drink beer.
Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom didn't open the envelope.
Tom did that for three weeks.
Tom came near being run over.
Tom asked for his money back.
Tom apparently speaks French.
Tom and Mary were very lucky.
Tom and Mary were very happy.
Tom and Mary sometimes argue.
Tom and I know why Mary lied.
This furniture was expensive.
This furniture cost us a lot.
The fight was started by Tom.
The accident wasn't my fault.
That's all the French I know.
That wasn't what we expected.
Please teach me how to drive.
Please speak a little louder.
Our work here is almost done.
Not even Tom knows the truth.
Mary's husband must miss her.
Mary is your aunt, isn't she?
Mary is just like her mother.
It's our third day in Boston.
It's going to happen tonight.
It's going to be a long wait.
It's about time to go to bed.
Is this Tom Jackson's office?
Is it OK to call you tonight?
Is it OK if I kiss your wife?
Is it OK if I kiss you again?
I've heard so much about Tom.
I'm very sorry I lied to you.
I'm very sorry I lied to Tom.
I'm sorry that I lied to you.
I'm scared Tom won't like me.
I'm not really all that busy.
I'm glad I didn't lie to Tom.
I'll never forget doing that.
I'll need to do that someday.
I'll have to do that someday.
I'd rather do that on Monday.
I would've never lied to you.
I wish we hadn't lied to Tom.
I thought Tom had lied to me.
I think this is what we need.
I think Tom might lie to you.
I think Tom isn't very happy.
I think Tom is quite curious.
I think Tom is going to lose.
I know that Tom will help me.
I hope it doesn't snow today.
I hope it doesn't rain today.
I hope Tom isn't lying to us.
I hope Tom doesn't lie to us.
I have no desire to kiss Tom.
I guess we could forgive Tom.
I forgot to kiss Tom goodbye.
I find it hard to lie to Tom.
I don't think Tom lied to us.
I don't ever hug Tom anymore.
I don't care what Tom drinks.
How much yogurt should I buy?
How much will we need to pay?
How much will we have to pay?
How much money will you need?
How much money did you steal?
How much money did you spend?
How much money did Tom steal?
How much money did Tom spend?
How much coffee do you drink?
How much cheese should I buy?
How much butter should I buy?
How many pounds has Tom lost?
How many pounds did you lose?
How many pounds did Tom lose?
How long ago did you do that?
Have you ever seen Tom naked?
Have you and Tom ever kissed?
Don't wake me up before 2:30.
Don't tell Tom that I'm here.
Do you think Tom misses Mary?
Do those ladies speak French?
Breakfast will be ready soon.
You shouldn't let Tom drive.
You know Tom likes baseball.
Why is Tom being nice to me?
Why is Tom always so sleepy?
Why is Tom always so grumpy?
Why don't you let Tom drive?
Why did Tom get on that bus?
Why are you still unmarried?
Why are you always so tired?
Why are you always so quiet?
Why are you always so early?
Why are Tom's clothes dirty?
Who's that woman over there?
Who taught you how to drive?
Who does Tom think did that?
Who did Tom say kissed Mary?
Who did Tom say helped Mary?
Where does Tom teach French?
When did you buy this bread?
What's Tom's favorite drink?
What's Tom ever done to you?
What's Tom doing down there?
What did Tom bring for Mary?
What a terrible thing to do!
What Tom did surprised Mary.
Tom's shirt is really dirty.
Tom's mother is still alive.
Tom wouldn't likely do that.
Tom wouldn't leave us alone.
Tom worked at a music store.
Tom won't want to hear that.
Tom won't take tomorrow off.
Tom won't make Mary do that.
Tom won't like this one bit.
Tom won't like it very much.
Tom won't let Mary kiss him.
Tom won't eat with us today.
Tom won't do that right now.
Tom won't come live with us.
Tom won't buy that for Mary.
Tom will pick me up at 2:30.
Tom will paint his car blue.
Tom will make us very happy.
Tom will make a good father.
Tom will have to try harder.
Tom will have to pay for it.
Tom will handle that for us.
Tom will get himself killed.
Tom will explain it to Mary.
Tom will buy a new computer.
Tom will buy a blue sweater.
Tom will be very successful.
Tom will be out for a while.
Tom will be late today, too.
Tom will be here in an hour.
Tom went to bed an hour ago.
Tom was married at the time.
Tom wants us to go with him.
Tom wants us to follow Mary.
Tom wants me to lie for him.
Tom wants me to follow Mary.
Tom wanted me to visit Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to love him.
Tom waited for Mary at home.
Tom told me the baby's name.
Tom told Mary to stop lying.
Tom thinks Mary kissed John.
Tom still misses Mary a lot.
Tom showed Mary around town.
Tom should let me help Mary.
Tom should leave Mary alone.
Tom should hire a bodyguard.
Tom should get out of there.
Tom should apologize to you.
Tom says I should walk home.
Tom said that he'd be there.
Tom said that he'd be early.
Tom said that he wasn't sad.
Tom said that he was strong.
Tom said that he was single.
Tom said that he was scared.
Tom said that he was amused.
Tom said that he was afraid.
Tom said that he felt dizzy.
Tom said that Mary was ugly.
Tom said that Mary was thin.
Tom said that Mary was tall.
Tom said that Mary was sick.
Tom said that Mary was safe.
Tom said that Mary was rich.
Tom said that Mary was poor.
Tom said that Mary was nuts.
Tom said that Mary was nosy.
Tom said that Mary was nice.
Tom said that Mary was mean.
Tom said that Mary was lazy.
Tom said that Mary was deaf.
Tom said that Mary was cute.
Tom said that Mary was busy.
Tom said that Mary was back.
Tom said that Mary is angry.
Tom said he wants to retire.
Tom said he never hurt Mary.
Tom said he needed a change.
Tom refuses to get involved.
Tom refused to get involved.
Tom put his gun in the safe.
Tom persuaded Mary to drive.
Tom ordered Mary to do that.
Tom offered Mary some money.
Tom never hugs Mary anymore.
Tom never got to thank Mary.
Tom needs to listen to Mary.
Tom needs to buy a new belt.
Tom might buy a canoe today.
Tom met Mary in high school.
Tom looked through the hole.
Tom let me sit next to Mary.
Tom let Mary read his diary.
Tom left here at about 2:30.
Tom knows what he should do.
Tom knows that I'm ticklish.
Tom knows that I'm homesick.
Tom knows that I'm homeless.
Tom knows that I'm divorced.
Tom knows how Mary did that.
Tom knew that Mary was dead.
Tom knew that I was worried.
Tom knew that I was unlucky.
Tom knew that I was unhappy.
Tom knew that I was thirsty.
Tom knew that I was shocked.
Tom knew that I was serious.
Tom knew that I was puzzled.
Tom knew that I was outside.
Tom knew that I was nervous.
Tom knew that I was jealous.
Tom knew that I was furious.
Tom knew that I was excited.
Tom knew that I was curious.
Tom knew that I was correct.
Tom knew that I was annoyed.
Tom knew Mary needed to eat.
Tom keeps his gun in a safe.
Tom isn't too tired to work.
Tom isn't friends with Mary.
Tom isn't a college student.
Tom is never going to agree.
Tom is my aunt's ex-husband.
Tom is kind of good-looking.
Tom is interested in horses.
Tom is home alone with Mary.
Tom is going to see to that.
Tom is going to protect you.
Tom is going to leave early.
Tom is going to go with you.
Tom is going to get over it.
Tom is going to get married.
Tom is going to forgive you.
Tom is going to eat with us.
Tom is going to do the same.
Tom is going to do that now.
Tom is going to do it again.
Tom is going to do his best.
Tom is going to beat you up.
Tom is going to be arrested.
Tom is going to assist Mary.
Tom is going to arrive soon.
Tom is eager to participate.
Tom is driving a stolen car.
Tom is aware of Mary's past.
Tom is an authority on jazz.
Tom is a really hard worker.
Tom is a homicide detective.
Tom is a former firefighter.
Tom hopes Mary forgives him.
Tom hit Mary with a crowbar.
Tom helped Mary last Monday.
Tom helped Mary fix her car.
Tom heard the water running.
Tom heard the doorbell ring.
Tom hates eating by himself.
Tom has to get out of there.
Tom has been really nervous.
Tom has been expecting that.
Tom has a really nice voice.
Tom got in his car and left.
Tom gave Mary some medicine.
Tom forgot to buy batteries.
Tom doesn't think Mary lied.
Tom didn't show up for work.
Tom didn't answer my letter.
Tom could hear Mary talking.
Tom checked in to the hotel.
Tom cheated on today's exam.
Tom bought a one-way ticket.
Tom asked us to follow Mary.
Tom and Mary were very busy.
Tom and Mary were concerned.
Tom and Mary know John lied.
Tom and Mary have gone home.
Tom allowed us to help Mary.
This isn't a picture of Tom.
This is exactly what I need.
This is a picture of my car.
There's a crack in this cup.
There's a chance it'll snow.
There's a chance it'll rain.
The zoo isn't far from here.
The whole thing is my fault.
That's going to happen soon.
Should I try to do that now?
Should I tell Tom the truth?
Nothing bad happened to Tom.
Mary says she sings soprano.
Let's go get some ice cream.
It's not so easy to do that.
It's my third day in Boston.
It's going to take too long.
It's going to rain tomorrow.
It's going to rain for sure.
It's going to get dark soon.
It's going to be a nice day.
It's going to be a busy day.
It would be nice to do that.
Introduce me to your friend.
I've persuaded Tom to drive.
I'm sure Tom will like that.
I'm sure Tom will hate this.
I'm sorry that I kissed Tom.
I'm going to visit Tom soon.
I'll buy you a new umbrella.
I'd be surprised if Tom won.
I wonder why Tom lied to us.
I wonder where Tom was born.
I wonder how Tom will react.
I won't ever kiss Tom again.
I wish I'd never kissed Tom.
I think Tom is very curious.
I should've arrived earlier.
I really wanted to kiss Tom.
I really regret kissing Tom.
I read this book last night.
I let Tom kiss me yesterday.
I know you'd never lie to me.
I know Tom won't lie to you.
I kissed Tom just yesterday.
I joined the team yesterday.
I hope Tom saw what you did.
I heard that you kissed Tom.
I hardly ever eat breakfast.
I had no desire to kiss Tom.
I enjoyed reading this book.
I dreamed about kissing Tom.
I doubt Tom will lie to you.
I don't care what you drink.
I didn't kiss Tom yesterday.
I definitely won't kiss Tom.
How much yogurt did you eat?
How much yogurt did you buy?
How much yogurt did Tom eat?
How much wine did you drink?
How much wine did Tom drink?
How much support do we have?
How much sugar should I buy?
How much money did you save?
How much money did Tom save?
How much money did Tom lose?
How much milk did you drink?
How much milk did Tom drink?
How much honey should I buy?
How much cheese did you eat?
How much cheese did you buy?
How much cheese did Tom eat?
How much candy should I buy?
How much butter did you buy?
How much bread should I buy?
How much beer did you drink?
How much beer did Tom drink?
How many uncles do you have?
How many people can you see?
Haven't you ever kissed Tom?
Have you made a reservation?
Has the snow melted already?
Does Tom know why Mary lied?
Does Tom have to work today?
Did you turn off the lights?
Are you sure Tom lied to us?
You'd be crazy to kiss Tom.
You must be Mary's husband.
Why shouldn't Tom hug Mary?
Why should I join the team?
Why not go and do that now?
Why is Tom still unmarried?
Why is Tom in such a hurry?
Why is Tom always so tired?
Why is Tom always so quiet?
Why is Tom always so happy?
Why is Tom always so early?
Why don't we order a pizza?
Why are your clothes dirty?
Why are you good at French?
Why are you always so slow?
Who did you eat lunch with?
Where did you and Tom stay?
Where can I rent a bicycle?
When did you buy this milk?
When did Tom join the team?
What's Tom going show Mary?
What's Tom going to give Mary?
What did you and Tom drink?
We're fortunate to be here.
We think Tom will be ready.
We learned French together.
Tom's trial isn't over yet.
Tom's family must miss him.
Tom wouldn't stop fighting.
Tom wouldn't stop drinking.
Tom wouldn't help us today.
Tom wouldn't have a chance.
Tom wouldn't do the dishes.
Tom would stay if he could.
Tom would never lie to you.
Tom works at a music store.
Tom worked late last night.
Tom won't start doing that.
Tom won't see Mary anymore.
Tom won't likely kiss Mary.
Tom won't let you go there.
Tom won't let us help Mary.
Tom won't let me help Mary.
Tom won't hug Mary anymore.
Tom won't do that for Mary.
Tom won't be leaving today.
Tom will want to read this.
Tom will totally freak out.
Tom will take tomorrow off.
Tom will regret doing that.
Tom will make some changes.
Tom will love it in Boston.
Tom will like what you did.
Tom will have a great time.
Tom will do that this fall.
Tom will come live with us.
Tom will be with you today.
Tom will be late for class.
Tom will be famous someday.
Tom will be expecting that.
Tom will be back here soon.
Tom went to the drug store.
Tom went in that direction.
Tom wasn't upstairs in bed.
Tom wasn't in the basement.
Tom was able to trick Mary.
Tom was able to find a job.
Tom wants to join the team.
Tom wants to have some fun.
Tom wants to be a pharmacist.
Tom wants me to coach Mary.
Tom wants Mary to help him.
Tom used to make fun of me.
Tom told Mary not to leave.
Tom thought Mary had a car.
Tom talked about the rules.
Tom suggested we walk home.
Tom spent all day studying.
Tom shouldn't go with Mary.
Tom should've stopped Mary.
Tom saw what was happening.
Tom said that he was wrong.
Tom said that he was upset.
Tom said that he was sorry.
Tom said that he was ready.
Tom said that he was naked.
Tom said that he was lucky.
Tom said that he was drunk.
Tom said that he was broke.
Tom said that he was bored.
Tom said that he was alone.
Tom said that Mary was shy.
Tom said that Mary was ill.
Tom said that Mary was fat.
Tom said that Mary is sick.
Tom said that Mary is safe.
Tom said that Mary is busy.
Tom said that Mary hit him.
Tom said he'd do that soon.
Tom said everything was OK.
Tom said Mary wasn't lying.
Tom needs to take a shower.
Tom needs to help us today.
Tom needs Mary to help him.
Tom must've studied French.
Tom must've seen something.
Tom lives near the airport.
Tom lives a few miles away.
Tom let Mary go home early.
Tom left his phone at home.
Tom knows that I'm married.
Tom knows a lot about cars.
Tom knows Mary kissed John.
Tom knew that I'd be early.
Tom knew that I'd be alone.
Tom knew that I was sleepy.
Tom knew that I was scared.
Tom knew that I was lonely.
Tom knew that I was hungry.
Tom knew that I was afraid.
Tom kissed Mary last night.
Tom isn't asking for money.
Tom is the one who's lying.
Tom is still at the clinic.
Tom is somewhere in Boston.
Tom is renovating his home.
Tom is reading in his room.
Tom is never going to quit.
Tom is married to a doctor.
Tom is in Boston with Mary.
Tom is going to work today.
Tom is going to leave soon.
Tom is going to go as well.
Tom is going to follow you.
Tom is going to come later.
Tom is going to come early.
Tom is going to bring help.
Tom is going to be worried.
Tom is going to be waiting.
Tom is going to be thirsty.
Tom is going to be starved.
Tom is going to be shocked.
Tom is going to be present.
Tom is going to be pleased.
Tom is going to be nervous.
Tom is going the wrong way.
Tom is Mary's only brother.
Tom helped Mary last night.
Tom hasn't taken his pills.
Tom hasn't shaved all week.
Tom has to change his plan.
Tom has never let me drive.
Tom has never been in jail.
Tom has been yelling a lot.
Tom has been ignoring Mary.
Tom has been denied parole.
Tom has another girlfriend.
Tom has a scar on his chin.
Tom goes jogging every day.
Tom gave me a nice present.
Tom failed his French test.
Tom doesn't let Mary drive.
Tom doesn't know Mary lied.
Tom didn't kiss Mary today.
Tom can't let Mary do that.
Tom came back this morning.
Tom begged me to help Mary.
Tom asked us to trust Mary.
Tom and Mary say John lied.
Tom and I both walked here.
Tom and I are here for you.
Those sunglasses are Tom's.
This wasn't very expensive.
This wasn't that expensive.
These are Tom's and Mary's.
That's what it's all about.
That's a bit too expensive.
That was really unpleasant.
Please don't let Tom drive.
My goal is to learn French.
It's unlikely Tom will win.
It's time for Tom to leave.
It's pretty cold, isn't it?
It's going to rain tonight.
It's going to be over soon.
It's going to be dark soon.
It seemed like a long time.
Is French taught at school?
I'm sure Tom will be there.
I'm not going to apologize.
I'm going to get ice cream.
I'm glad you're doing that.
I'm glad I didn't kiss Tom.
I'll give Tom your message.
I'd suggest not doing that.
I'd really like doing that.
I wonder what Tom will buy.
I tried to guess Tom's age.
I thought Tom was your husband.
I think that's Tom's house.
I think that this is Tom's.
I think Tom will get fired.
I think Tom will come back.
I think Tom told the truth.
I saw Tom driving your car.
I need to talk to you guys.
I need to go get a haircut.
I left Tom's house at 2:30.
I knew that you'd kiss Tom.
I hope you didn't kiss Tom.
I hope it's sunny tomorrow.
I hope Tom comes on Monday.
I haven't ever lied to you.
I hate standing on the bus.
I don't think I'd kiss Tom.
I don't regret kissing Tom.
I don't intend to kiss Tom.
I don't drink milk anymore.
I don't care what Tom buys.
I didn't actually kiss Tom.
How much sugar do you want?
How much sugar did you buy?
How much salt should I add?
How much milk should I buy?
How much honey did you buy?
How much do we need to pay?
How much candy did you eat?
How much candy did you buy?
How much candy did Tom eat?
How much bread did you eat?
How much bread did you buy?
How much beer should I buy?
How many aunts do you have?
How long did the rain last?
How long did the game last?
Do you still work with Tom?
Do you still live with Tom?
Didn't you hear Tom scream?
Did you make a reservation?
Did you kiss Tom yesterday?
Did Tom drink all the wine?
Can you drive me to school?
Are these Tom's and Mary's?
Your French is impeccable.
You'd better let me drive.
You know Tom likes Boston.
Would Tom ever lie to you?
Why wouldn't Tom hug Mary?
Why is Tom good at French?
Why is Tom always so busy?
Why don't we go to Boston?
Why doesn't Tom trust you?
Why did you let Tom drive?
Why did Tom join the team?
Who wants to learn French?
Who paid for these drinks?
Where were you in October?
When did you buy this hat?
What's Tom doing up there?
What's Tom doing nowadays?
What time is the last bus?
What a stupid thing to do!
What a rotten thing to do!
What Tom saw was shocking.
We're being very cautious.
We won't be here tomorrow.
We got lost in the forest.
We both drive sports cars.
Tom's father punished him.
Tom wouldn't let us leave.
Tom wouldn't let me drive.
Tom wouldn't ever do that.
Tom wouldn't do that here.
Tom wouldn't ask for help.
Tom won't make it on time.
Tom won't do that, I hope.
Tom won't do that with me.
Tom won't come here again.
Tom won't be staying long.
Tom won't argue with Mary.
Tom will take care of you.
Tom will need our support.
Tom will make a complaint.
Tom will love living here.
Tom will likely walk home.
Tom will let Mary do that.
Tom will get through this.
Tom will explain it to me.
Tom will call you tonight.
Tom will be late for work.
Tom wasn't really nervous.
Tom wasn't really excited.
Tom wasn't in his bedroom.
Tom was very good to Mary.
Tom was too tired to work.
Tom was nice on the phone.
Tom was busy at that time.
Tom was able to fool Mary.
Tom wants to leave Boston.
Tom trusted his instincts.
Tom trusted Mary too much.
Tom told us what happened.
Tom thought Mary had died.
Tom thinks it was a prank.
Tom still has his coat on.
Tom should let Mary drive.
Tom says he misses Boston.
Tom said that he was sick.
Tom said that he was safe.
Tom said that he was rich.
Tom said that he was poor.
Tom said that he was next.
Tom said that he was hurt.
Tom said that he was full.
Tom said that he was free.
Tom said that he was done.
Tom said that he was cold.
Tom said that Mary was OK.
Tom said that Mary snored.
Tom said that Mary is shy.
Tom said that Mary is mad.
Tom said he felt nauseous.
Tom recognized Mary's car.
Tom ran a good race today.
Tom planted these flowers.
Tom ought to take a break.
Tom ought to go with Mary.
Tom now works at a bakery.
Tom never kisses his wife.
Tom needs us to help Mary.
Tom needs to take a break.
Tom needs to go with Mary.
Tom might drive to Boston.
Tom might be lying to you.
Tom lives alone in Boston.
Tom lied to me about that.
Tom let me stay with Mary.
Tom knows who killed Mary.
Tom knows we believe Mary.
Tom knew that he was safe.
Tom knew that he was lost.
Tom knew that Mary was OK.
Tom knew that I'd be late.
Tom knew that I was upset.
Tom knew that I was tired.
Tom knew that I was right.
Tom knew that I was ready.
Tom knew that I was drunk.
Tom knew that I was broke.
Tom knew that I was bored.
Tom knew that I was awake.
Tom knew that I was angry.
Tom knew Mary was unhappy.
Tom knew Mary was thirsty.
Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
Tom isn't very well liked.
Tom isn't upstairs in bed.
Tom isn't my boss anymore.
Tom isn't getting married.
Tom is very upset by this.
Tom is coming this Monday.
Tom is living near Boston.
Tom is going to need that.
Tom is going to hate that.
Tom is going to handle it.
Tom is going to find Mary.
Tom is going to cooperate.
Tom is going to catch you.
Tom is going to call back.
Tom is going to buy bread.
Tom is going to be scared.
Tom is going to be lonely.
Tom is going to be afraid.
Tom is going to be a cook.
Tom is going to bat third.
Tom is going to assist me.
Tom is an assistant coach.
Tom is a very wealthy guy.
Tom is a talented pianist.
