Being overworked is not a badge of honour.
Being tired is not a badge of honor.
Tom works forty hours a week.
Tom works sixty hours a week.
Tom was relieved to see a familiar face.
Mary was relieved to see a familiar face.
It's not a badge of honor.
Why can't I do anything right?
Why do I feel like I can't do anything right?
I feel like I can't do anything right.
Somehow, her boyfriend found out.
Somehow, his girlfriend found out.
Tom was found dead in his hotel room.
She seemed to hang on his every word.
He seemed to hang on her every word.
The birds flapped their wings.
I thought you guys were friends.
Tom is rude and disrespectful.
I'm sure Tom is waiting for you.
I'm sure that Tom is waiting for you.
I thought that Tom would be here by now.
No matter what Tom says, I plan to do that.
No matter what Tom says, I plan on doing that.
Tom told us why that happened.
I went to the window and looked out.
Tom is trying to help, isn't he?
That's nothing we need to worry about.
Has Tom already left for school?
That's something we all wanted to do.
Tom is very angry now, isn't he?
I walked to the window and looked out.
The best time to do that is right now.
Tom is very assertive, isn't he?
I gave up on that idea a long time ago.
What did you say to make Tom cry?
I don't like fishing, but my father does.
Tom is very attentive, isn't he?
Things are bound to be better next time.
What time did Tom leave for work?
I like swimming, but my mother doesn't.
Tom is very committed, isn't he?
I like snowboarding, but I can't do it well.
Tom goes swimming whenever he can.
That's one of the reasons people come here.
Tom is very emotional, isn't he?
That's something none of us were able to do.
Tom said he wanted to talk to you.
That's an idea that may be worth considering.
Tom is very laid back, isn't he?
A little bit of compassion can go a long way.
I like to do that, but Tom doesn't.
I used to live in Boston, but I don't anymore.
Tom is very motivated, isn't he?
I used to work in Boston, but I don't anymore.
Tom would help us, I think.
I didn't use to like to do that, but I do now.
Tom is very obnoxious, isn't he?
It may take a while to get used to doing this.
Tom is supposed to come on Monday.
That's more or less what I expected to happen.
Tom is very organized, isn't he?
That's something we're all looking forward to.
Tom plays tennis as often as he can.
I like snowboarding, but I'm not very good at it.
Tom is very religious, isn't he?
The police managed to keep the crowd under control.
Tom will definitely be back by 2:30.
I used to be pretty good at tennis, but not anymore.
Tom is very secretive, isn't he?
I used to go swimming once a week, but I don't anymore.
Tom will definitely be here by 2:30.
I didn't use to like to watch horror movies, but I do now.
Tom is very tired now, isn't he?
I used to often take a walk before breakfast, but I don't anymore.
I enjoyed visiting Boston.
Does Tom know how to play the guitar?
Do you ever go to the beach with Tom?
Tom is waiting for me, isn't he?
Does Tom have to go to many meetings?
Tom is waiting for us, isn't he?
You'd better think twice before agreeing to do that.
Has Tom ever cooked anything for you?
When was the last time you ate at an expensive restaurant?
Tom is waiting inside, isn't he?
What time will you get back?
Tom said he wanted to live in a cave.
This isn't my natural hair color.
Tom is washing dishes, isn't he?
There's nothing particularly wrong with it.
It was no surprise that Tom did that.
Only a few students in the classroom were actually awake.
Tom is wearing a coat, isn't he?
My favorite season is spring.
Tom washes clothes three times a week.
My favorite kind of music is jazz.
Tom is wearing a suit, isn't he?
Let's wait here until it stops raining.
Tom will be in charge while I'm away.
It's bound to be better next time.
Tom is wearing gloves, isn't he?
It makes no difference who does that as long as it gets done.
Tom left without even saying goodbye.
In case you're wondering, this isn't my natural hair color.
Tom is wearing my cap, isn't he?
If only I'd known sooner, I could've done something about that.
Has Tom ever done your homework for you?
If it's all right with you, I'll go home early today.
Tom is well connected, isn't he?
If I could, I'd do that again.
Tom and Mary are going to need your help.
I'm not in a position to comment on that right now.
Tom is a Boston native, isn't he?
I'll leave it up to you if that's all right.
Tom and Mary are having a party tomorrow.
I studied an extra three hours every day just to catch up.
Tom is a ballet dancer, isn't he?
I never bothered to do that.
Tom and Mary are just about the same age.
I liked science when I was in junior high school.
Tom and Mary are the only Canadians here.
I like to play chess, but I don't do it very often.
Tom is a bit conceited, isn't he?
I don't worry about it too much.
Tom and Mary are very excited about that.
I don't like the climate here.
Tom is a bit of a snob, isn't he?
I don't like doing that at all.
Tom found Mary's necklace under the sofa.
I don't know about you, but I think we should do that.
Tom is a control freak, isn't he?
I don't enjoy watching game shows.
Tom probably knows what Mary plans to do.
I didn't use to like watching horror movies, but I do now.
Tom is a good customer, isn't he?
Tom seems to be here almost all the time.
I didn't go, but I was supposed to.
Tom is a good listener, isn't he?
I can't do that even though it looks easy.
Tom could sense that Mary wanted to leave.
Have you ever gone camping with any of your classmates?
Tom is a good musician, isn't he?
For the moment, things seem stable.
Tom is a good neighbor, isn't he?
Do you like to watch TV with your friends?
Tom has studied French, but not for long.
Do you like playing baseball?
Tom is a good salesman, isn't he?
Changes are already under way.
I never would've guessed Tom could do that.
At one time, I thought that, too.
I used to think that was true, too.
Tom is a heavy sleeper, isn't he?
Everybody likes ice cream.
Tom had forgotten how beautiful Mary was.
Today's your birthday, isn't it?
I have no one to turn to except you.
Tom should never have borrowed money from Mary.
Tom's flight will be arriving early.
This plan is far from perfect, but it's the best plan we have.
Tom held Mary's hand very tightly and wouldn't let go.
Tom's French is much better than Mary's.
Did Tom skip class again today?
Tom soon fell asleep and started snoring.
Tom is real cute.
Mary must be Tom's girlfriend.
Tom is out front honking his horn.
What is the best advice you've ever been given?
What is the best piece of advice you've ever been given?
Acrobats are amazing.
Tom was amazed by Mary's acrobatics skills.
The high wire act sent chills down Tom's back.
Acrobats are very agile.
The fakir sat on a bed of nails.
The fakir lied down on a bed of nails.
Tom found a non-profit coffee shop in the university town.
You must never lose your temper.
Always look for creative solutions.
Be kind to everyone you meet.
Don't worry. You'll get credit.
This song is lovely and sweet.
Tom is a set designer.
Can you do a cartwheel?
Cartwheels are a lot of fun.
Tom's goal is to become a celebrity chef.
Sugar-free vanilla latte for Angie.
I have a spinach croissant sandwich.
You look all spiffy.
On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom.
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
No matter that we may mount on stilts, we still must walk on our own legs. And on the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom.
Do you want to sit in the shade?
Where is the farmers' market?
I'll have a peanut butter and banana smoothie with whole milk.
We used to have fruit.
I bought two pints of black raspberries from the Amish farmer.
Tom accepted another offer.
How is it done?
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the views which they take of things.
People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them.
The dog suddenly took off after a squirrel.
Tom's dog suddenly took off after a squirrel.
Tom took off like a rocket.
A squirrel suddenly came running out of nowhere.
The squirrel jumped off a branch.
The dog suddenly took off running after a squirrel.
The dog took off after a squirrel and yanked hard on the leash.
The dog barked at the squirrel.
The dog started running in circles.
The dog yanked on the leash.
This is a very common injury.
Many children dream of competing in the Olympics.
Many children dream of playing in the World Cup.
What teams are playing in the World Cup?
Italy failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Don't talk back.
Falconry is an old tradition in many parts of the world, including Western Europe, the Middle East and Central Asia.
Tom is a professional falconer.
It’s amazing to be able to hold a glove out and have a falcon land on your hand.
The hawk spread its wings.
Tom thinks that Brazil will win the World Cup.
The World Cup will be held in Russia.
Tom is a middle child.
Mary is a middle child.
I don't have anything at all.
This truck stop has a conjoined fast food restaurant.
Just because something is more expensive doesn't mean that it's better.
Fortnite is a popular online video game.
Did you watch the Winter Olympics?
Tom pulled out his checkbook.
We shouldn't press our luck.
You shouldn't press your luck.
You shouldn't push your luck.
I need a hot shower.
I think I've got frostbite.
It's very humid today.
What is the temperature there?
Which way to the monument?
Do you have any ice tongs?
Do you know the extension?
Do you have an extension?
Can we get a voucher?
The unthinkable has happened.
I trust him with my secrets and he doesn't tell them to anybody.
I receive a lot of letters and I always respond to them.
I really like the films that are shown at the Cannes Festival.
We paid, in total, euros.
I trusted him with my secrets and he didn't tell them to anybody.
He still hasn't finished paying for his wife's jewelry?
They still haven't finished paying for their house?
You still haven't finished paying for your washing machine?
Do you see the pond, behind the castle?
I stayed at home last night, what about you?
Does she always smoke Charles' cigarettes?
Do you see the six windows on the facade?
If I had had the time, I would've dropped by your place.
He promised he'd call as soon as he arrived.
We met a week ago.
They're launching a new production line.
If you had studied more, you would be happy.
For dinner, she prepared raclette and green salad.
Out of the two, I choose the least expensive.
Who is he looking for?
Who did he call?
I can replace him.
I can replace it.
I was worried to death.
Tom! What a nice surprise!
Tom speaks Hessian.
Tom acts as if he's the king.
You're eating like you haven't eaten anything all day.
We're selling the house.
Stop! Don't come in!
Mary was awaken by the cries of her child.
Where is the next gas station?
Can I get a bag?
Do you have any plans for summer?
Where can I buy a train ticket?
How do I get downtown?
We should use reason before force.
Where are we going for dinner tonight?
The Dutch flag is red, white and blue.
Do you have any plans for the summer?
Whatever is not forbidden is permitted.
Whatever is not forbidden is allowed.
Out of the two, I choose the less expensive one.
Out of the two, I chose the cheaper one.
Tom promised he'd call as soon as he arrived.
Tom promised he'd call as soon as he got there.
If I'd had the time, I would've dropped by your place.
I bought the least expensive pair of shoes in the store.
I bought the cheapest pair of shoes in the store.
If I'd had the money, I would've bought that.
Lose not yourself in far off time! Seize the moment that is thine.
If you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. If you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
If you want to know yourself, just look how others do it. If you want to understand others, look into your own heart.
Mary finished applying her makeup.
When's the baby due?
We're expecting a baby in October.
Mary is putting makeup on.
Ask Tom if he's going to the party tonight.
Ask Tom where he bought his hat.
Ask Tom if he's planning to do that.
Ask Tom if he's planning on doing that.
Ask Tom if he's going to do that or not.
What class do you have third period?
I don't often go to Boston alone.
I spent all afternoon in the park.
I spent all afternoon shopping.
The store is closed on Mondays.
That store is closed on Mondays.
I'll be there by Monday.
Apparently, Tom will be here tomorrow.
Apparently, we have to do that today.
We don't have enough time to burn all these documents before the police arrive.
We won't have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
I might visit Boston.
Someone broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Somebody broke into Tom's house while he was asleep.
Hand injuries from cutting avocados are common.
This hotel chain is no longer providing high quality service.
Bring at least a gallon of water or two.
In case of a positive answer, we'll move to Moscow.
Mary never thought she would be this happy.
She's quite gorgeous.
Crying won't help. No one will hear you.
Tom lacks spatial awareness.
Teachers should create a positive learning environment.
True science is an ignorance which knows itself.
Stay out of my personal space.
Stay out of my personal space!
All of the days go toward death and the last one arrives there.
I'll wash up quickly, get dressed and meet you downstairs.
Tom ate a quick bite.
Tom made some coffee.
That too wakes interest in me.
What took you two so long?
I fell asleep soon.
Tom moved halfway around the world.
Tom ate my cookie.
Tom practices what he preaches.
Tom was born with Down's syndrome.
Tom had a normal childhood.
Tom threw a tantrum.
Tom drives a red Camaro.
Tom drives a black Mustang.
Tom drives an orange Lamborghini.
Tom is sniffing a lot today. He has probably caught a cold.
Tom went to Germany to visit his friend.
Don't feel obligated.
The wedding is on a boat.
Tom is drinking coffee with rancid cream and eating figs. Good times.
Please call or go online now.
I like soft mattresses.
Vacationing in a less than perfect place can be more relaxing.
Tom has been exposed to asbestos on the job.
Tom is a hotel engineer.
The hotel is built around a mineral spring.
That shirt is too tight.
That shirt looks like it's too small for you.
That shirt doesn't fit you very well.
Mary went to Siberia to visit her friend.
You'll need a time machine to do that.
I thought for a second that she was going to faint.
I thought for a second that Tom was going to faint.
I thought for a second Tom was going to faint.
It looked like Tom was going to faint.
I thought Tom was going to faint.
I thought that Tom was going to faint.
I wonder why Tom fainted.
Have you ever fainted?
When was the last time you fainted?
What causes people to faint?
What causes a person to faint?
Tom told the doctor that he'd fainted three times last week.
You need to frame your request correctly.
Tom told the doctor he'd fainted three times last week.
Mary takes ballet classes.
Mary takes ballet lessons.
Tom takes ballet classes.
Help! I was bitten by the dog.
To go from Paris to Lyon, do you go on the streets or take the highway?
There was an accident on the highway.
I spent my vacation in the Balearic Islands.
Where did you come back from?
That's not the right word.
As soon as he came, he started eating.
Clean everything up before Mom comes.
They left an hour ago.
You have to know how to read between the lines.
Would you trust this person with your child?
He offered a dress to his wife.
The officer offered to help the blind person get across.
Replace the objects with the correct pronouns in the following sentences.
He walks with his hands in his pockets and his head in the clouds.
She is asking her fiancé to come see her.
She is asking her fiancé to come see it.
Think about what you told me.
Did you really advise him to move?
Everyone appreciated his gesture.
Everyone appreciated her gesture.
You have to let everyone know.
This is the noise that bothers her.
Each of them were successful in life.
If you left, everyone would go with you.
She is proud.
My name is Alberto, what's yours?
Tom said he'd call back as soon as he could.
Tom said that he'd call back as soon as he could.
Tom and Mary were the first ones to arrive.
Did you try the cake?
Tom is a hypochondriac, isn't he?
Do you enjoy traveling?
Tom has studied French, but not very long.
Do you enjoy old movies?
Tom is a light sleeper, isn't he?
How do you like living here?
Tom probably knows what Mary intends to do.
How do you like this school?
Tom is a music teacher, isn't he?
You'd better make up your mind.
Tom and Mary are leaving Boston next Monday.
Do you enjoy watching old movies?
Tom is a piano teacher, isn't he?
How do you like living in Boston?
Tom is a quick learner, isn't he?
How do you like the weather here?
Tom and I used to have a lot of fun together.
That's one reason why I did that.
Tom is a salesman, too, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are going to Australia tomorrow.
I think the government's to blame.
Tom is a schoolteacher, isn't he?
What kind of food do you like best?
Tom and Mary are junior high school students.
Do you have a favorite baseball team?
Tom is a secretive guy, isn't he?
How do you like Mary's new hairstyle?
Tom has known Mary for more than three years.
You'd better make up your mind soon.
Tom is a smooth talker, isn't he?
I was hungry by the time we took off.
I was hungry by the time the plane took off.
Tom is a soccer player, isn't he?
I can't wait to get on the road again.
I can't wait to be on the road again.
Tom likes to do that, but his mother doesn't.
Did you like the last movie that you saw?
Tom is a terrible cook, isn't he?
I wouldn't turn down such a good offer.
I wouldn't turn down an offer like that.
Tom couldn't see Mary from where he was sitting.
Would you rather watch TV or read a book?
Tom is a terrible liar, isn't he?
Which do you like better, buses or trains?
Tom is a very busy man, isn't he?
Why don't we just forget the whole thing?
Tom will no doubt get better at doing that.
Which do you like better, winter or summer?
Tom is a very rich man, isn't he?
Would you rather stay here or go somewhere?
Would you rather stay here or go somewhere else?
Tom thinks that Mary doesn't get enough sleep.
You need to find something you're good at.
Tom is able to do that, isn't he?
Doesn't it make sense to do this this way?
That's most likely the reason Tom isn't here.
We're here now so we might as well do that.
Tom is almost finished, isn't he?
Which do you like better, ice cream or cake?
Tom and Mary are going to play tennis tomorrow.
Do you enjoy playing cards with your brother?
Tom is already at home, isn't he?
Which do you speak better, French or English?
Tom and Mary have been spending too much money.
The people next door asked us to be quieter.
Tom is already engaged, isn't he?
Which do you ride more often, buses or trains?
Tom and Mary are leaving the day after tomorrow.
Which do you eat more often, ice cream or cake?
Tom is already married, isn't he?
Did you get to do everything you wanted to do?
Tom and Mary are going to get married in October.
That's something I've always taken for granted.
Tom is always cheerful, isn't he?
What was your favorite toy when you were a child?
Tom and Mary are going to leave tomorrow morning.
Did you like baseball when you were in high school?
Tom is always confused, isn't he?
What was your favorite kind of candy when you were a child?
Tom has already told the police what was stolen.
What was your favorite holiday when you were a child?
Tom is always friendly, isn't he?
Did you like going to the library when you were a child?
Tom is still waiting for Mary to make up her mind.
What was your favorite place to go when you were a child?
Tom is always prepared, isn't he?
Who was your favorite teacher when you were in high school?
Whether we do that or not depends on what Tom wants to do.
Ever since I've been at the sea, it's been raining.
The couple has children.
They offered us some coffee.
What's your mom's name?
From tomorrow on, I'll get up early.
Tom claims to have seen a Tasmanian tiger.
Tom claims to have seen a Tasmanian wolf.
I'll go to the pool every Monday again.
Write it.
There are none.
There isn't any.
He had too much to drink.
It's unthinkable!
I go swimming every Monday.
I plan to go to the pool every day this summer.
It depends on whether or not Tom wants to do that.
Do you like old movies?
Whether we go or not depends on whether or not Tom wants to go.
Why do you like baseball?
Whether we go or not depends on whether Tom wants to go.
Do you like playing cards?
Tom is an archeologist, isn't he?
What fruit do you like best?
Tom and Mary are currently working on that problem.
When do you like to do that?
Tom is an engineer now, isn't he?
Why do you like this school?
Tom and Mary are probably halfway to Boston by now.
Do you enjoy going on picnics?
Tom is asleep upstairs, isn't he?
Do you like to play badminton?
Tom saw Mary's car parked in front of John's house.
I watch TV almost every night.
Tom is behind schedule, isn't he?
Do you like your part-time job?
Mary was Tom's girlfriend when he was in high school.
What vegetable do you like best?
Tom is close to thirty, isn't he?
Why do you like living in Boston?
Tom pointed out that I had forgotten to sign my name.
About how many stamps do you have?
Tom is coming tomorrow, isn't he?
Do you enjoy talking about sports?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to play the mandolin?
I have stamps from many countries.
Tom is counting on you, isn't he?
I like to go skiing with my cousin.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about what was going to happen.
What kind of fish do you like best?
Tom is deaf in one ear, isn't he?
Do you like living with your parents?
Tom and Mary managed to sort everything out on their own.
Who is your favorite Canadian singer?
Tom is doing OK so far, isn't he?
I don't like traveling with my family.
As usual, Tom didn't do his homework until the last minute.
Do you often look at the stars at night?
Tom is doing all right, isn't he?
What are some of your favorite TV programs?
It's been a long time since Tom and I've done that together.
Do you like watching people playing baseball?
Tom is doing something, isn't he?
I'd rather live in Boston than in Chicago.
Tom's parents were disappointed when they saw his test score.
What time do you usually go to bed at night?
Tom is doing very well, isn't he?
Do you like to go shopping with your mother?
One thing Tom and Mary have in common is their love of music.
Tom is easy to impress, isn't he?
Would you rather play volleyball or watch it?
"Can Tom play the trumpet?" "No, but he's a pretty good singer."
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
Tom is easy to talk to, isn't he?
Would you rather watch a movie or a soccer game?
You're the only one here who thinks Tom is a nice guy, aren't you?
Would you rather live in a city or in the country?
Tom is fairly reliable, isn't he?
I like playing tennis, but I don't have the time to play very often.
Although French isn't Tom's native language, he speaks it quite well.
I like almost any kind of music, but my favorite is heavy metal.
Tom is getting married, isn't he?
On the alley Bernardin we go to the cozy square.
I intend to make Boston my new home.
I have decided to make Boston a home away from home.
Why are you throwing that stuff in the fire?
The Israeli army shoots kids.
The Israeli army shoots Palestinian ambulances.
The IDF kills civilians.
The Israeli army shoots and kills innocent Palestinian people.
How is life in Gaza?
Gaza is one of the worst places to live.
Gaza is the world's largest open-air prison.
Israel has intensified its siege on Gaza.
Israel's blockade on Gaza has cut off Palestinians from the rest of the world.
Israel has intensified its collective punishment of the Palestinian people.
Who's your favourite actor?
Eating well and being happy is the ticket to living a long life.
A university degree is the ticket to a successful career.
Call me old-fashioned, but I think dictators should be surrounded on the Senate floor and stabbed to death.
Did you enjoy the last movie you saw?
Did you enjoy the last movie that you saw?
We talk to each other almost every day.
The scent of tobacco cologne brought back memories of Tom's visits to his grandfather's.
Whenever Tom hears that song, it brings back memories of his days in Boston.
This song brings me back to my childhood.
The way our relational memory works is very interesting.
Tom must already be in Boston.
Tom is probably already in Boston.
Is Tom already in Boston?
Are you already in Boston?
He came from Boston.
How many days does it take to sail to Boston?
How many hours does it take to fly to Boston?
Summer in Boston is warm and humid, while winter is cold, windy, and snowy.
Bostonians love their city.
Are you on social media?
I'm going to walk around for awhile.
Did you do your squat exercises?
This distillery looks like a suburban mall bookstore from the nineties.
Are you still the manager now?
She's out of town.
She left before that.
Actually I was going to save that.
Take out the middle section.
Seagulls, pelicans, seals. What else do you need?
There's no order here.
Can I have hamburger patty instead of chicken?
It's impossible to cook for this house because everyone is on a different diet.
Are you a Christopher Walken fan?
The door to the kitchen squeaks too loudly.
It got a little intense for a second.
I'm hard of hearing in one ear.
You want me to close that?
You cleaned up tonight, buddy.
Is your kitchen still open?
Altitude makes a huge difference.
I've been thrown out of better joints than this one.
You gotta go somewhere.
I don't want to venture out too much.
Not many people can pull off this haircut.
I live kilometers from the sea.
In the morning, the telephone does not stop ringing.
How's it goin' there, chief?
Mary knows how to get people to tell her their secrets.
I've done that quite a bit.
I don't know where Boston is.
I've decided to postpone my trip to Boston.
Measure twice. Cut once.
She betrays everyone.
There's no reason to it.
I don't know who Tom sold his car to.
I don't know who Tom gave his bicycle to.
We do not distinguish the true from the false.
There's no reason we should do that.
I haven't seen Tom for a very long time.
You have your hat on backwards.
Please don't interrupt me when I'm speaking.
There were thirty passengers on the bus.
Measure twice and cut once.
This woman is my wife.
I am married to a Palestinian woman.
Sami's wife is Palestinian.
My wife can't visit Jerusalem because she is a Palestinian refugee.
Palestinian refugees can't visit Jerusalem.
Why can't Palestinian refugees visit Jerusalem?
Why can't the Palestinians of the West Bank visit Jerusalem?
Why are Palestinians living abroad denied the right to visit Jerusalem?
The crimes of the IDF must be denounced.
Everyone is talking about the crimes of the IDF.
Many Palestinian kids were killed by the soldiers of the IDF.
The war crimes committed by the IDF aren't propaganda. They are fact and they will be tomorrow's history.
Israel is ruled by an apartheid regime.
To some, Israel is a democracy. To others, it is a racist apartheid regime.
It comes as no surprise that the oppressive regime of Saudi Arabia is friends with the militaristic and racist regime of Israel.
Israel is not the Jewish people and much less the Jewish religion.
As much as Saudi Arabia is not Islam and doesn't represent Muslims, Israel is neither the Jewish people nor does it or should it represent the Jewish religion.
Mammoths no longer walk the earth.
Mammoths were herbivores.
Mammoth society was probably matriarchal.
Israeli settlements are illegal.
Amid the waves is seen / an island, sacred to the Nereids' queen / and Neptune, lord of the AEgean wave, / which, floating once, Apollo fixed between / high Myconos and Gyarus, and gave / for man's resort, unmoved the blustering winds to brave.
Gaza is one of the world's most populous enclaves.
The Palestinians are the indigenous people of Palestine.
Music is getting worse every year.
I am considered as an antiquated individual.
These are shocking results.
You have been to Boston before.
The door will be open.
You will be jealous.
She threw him an insolent stare.
He knows him.
She knows him.
As long as you're under 18, you can't vote.
I'll explain it to him until he understands.
He was always accompanied by his wife.
He was always accompanied by someone.
His speech was one of the moments that impressed me.
Her speech was one of the moments that impressed me.
Couldn't we have translated this word?
If it doesn't exist, create it.
What problems did they run into?
The envelope hadn't been delivered to her.
The envelope hadn't been delivered to him.
They asked him to call me.
Is this what you talked about?
It'll be us three: you, me, and Anne.
There will be three of us: you, me, and Anne.
When did you read them?
Did you respond to them?
Bologne is closer to Florence than Milan.
The tree whose trunk our initials were carved on was cut down.
There's going to be trouble here. Be on guard.
The map says we're no more than two kilometers from the treasure.
What are your memories of Tom?
What do you remember about Tom?
How could he possibly think that would work?
Tom's dad is cool.
Tom's mom is cool.
Tom and Mary prayed together.
This is a touching story.
This is a touching story about friendship between a man and a squirrel.
This is a story about friendship between a young boy and an elderly woman.
Tom stole Mary's lunch money.
He tried to win her affection.
Tom tried to win Mary's affection.
Tom turned the volume to the maximum.
How did you learn to do a backflip?
When did you learn how to do a backflip?
When did you read this book?
Tom asked me to call Mary.
What problems did you run into?
Tom struggled to learn algebra.
Tom worked from sunup to sundown.
You've been to Boston before, haven't you?
In this forest, humans and squirrels still live together in harmony.
Where'd you learn to do that?
Tom told me that you've been to Boston before.
I look forward to doing that with you.
It would be great if you could sing for us.
When Tom broke up with her, Mary was devastated.
When Mary broke up with him, Tom was devastated.
When Tom broke up with Mary, she was devastated.
I spent the whole day cleaning my house.
We apologize for Tom's rudeness.
Tom told me you've been to Boston before.
I wish I could've stayed in Boston longer.
Mary flung her arms around Tom's neck and kissed him.
The cat is sleeping.
The soap bar is dirty.
Mary decided to swim to the other lake shore while Tom paddled a canoe along side her for safety.
Tom always wears a life vest.
The soup is frozen.
Tom makes his own tacos on Tuesdays and invites Mary to dinner.
Tom vandalized the abandoned farmhouse.
Well, I don't care!
That's his problem!
I'll be in my room if you need me.
Scratch that idea.
It's loose.
It's just about to fall off.
It's still drivable.
Is this your lunch?
Someone stole my lunch.
This dog saved my life.
The cat ruined my evening.
Toast isn't really that healthy.
You've become a great asset to the company.
I've been to the birthplace of tomato juice.
Tell me in plain English.
Tom set an alarm.
Tom woke up the neighbors with his drunken opera singing.
Tom felt weak after deeply inhaling a cat fart.
The battle was ferocious.
It's smaller than a grain of salt.
There's a spider in the box.
Do you have laundry to do?
We're out of pickles.
Can you buy some more pickles?
Keep chocolate away from the dog.
Give me a piece.
Tell me later.
My dog sleeps under my bed.
My dog sleeps in the same room that I do.
My dog sleeps in the same room I do.
Thanks, I'll update the information.
There can be peace in this house.
We found a snapping turtle.
Those fish aren't fit to eat.
What's the point here?
Please don't touch the merchandise.
Soak them overnight.
Don't make spears out of the junk in the backyard.
Why did you buy travel insurance?
You have to go outside if you want to smoke.
I play football almost every day.
We don't know why Tom had to leave?
I really love doing that.
I wasn't feeling very hungry.
We couldn't see the top of the mountain.
Guerrilla gardening is gardening on another person's land without permission.
I've bought a car.
I've been wanting to ask you a question.
The emperor doesn't have any clothes on.
There is still a part of me that loves her.
When Joan Rivers expressed her support for Israel, she showed no sympathy when asked about Gaza's civilians who were killed by the hundreds.
In Gaza, even hospitals and UN schools were shelled.
Does Israel comply with international laws?
Israel occupies Palestinian and Syrian lands.
Do Palestinians have the right to resist genocide?
Tom has a black 'Stang.
Tom's new car is a pussy magnet.
Tom is a five-figure donor to the Tatoeba Project.
Tom made a six-figure donation to help the earthquake victims in Boston.
Tom Goodman donates thousands of dollars to charities each year. He really lives up to his name.
At last he came.
"What about Tom?" "What about him?"
What kind of books don't you like?
What kind of books do you not like?
The vase Tom gave me is made of glass.
The vase that Tom gave me is made of glass.
Tom promised that he wouldn't do that.
That's not my responsibility.
That isn't my responsibility.
No wonder Tom was mad.
I feel OK.
Tom is terminally ill, isn't he?
I have toothache.
Tom's a bit of a fanatic.
Hand me the hammer.
Tom is going back home, isn't he?
You're getting fat.
Tom is a bit old fashioned.
Tom is going to Boston, isn't he?
It's likely to rain.
What did Tom say last night?
I put on my slippers.
Tom is going to be mad, isn't he?
I turned off the light.
Why don't you call Tom again?
It's quite complicated.
Tom is going to escape, isn't he?
It's quite spectacular.
You can't just let Tom do that.
It's really impressive.
Tom is going to prison, isn't he?
It's really surprising.
How much do you think Tom makes?
It's relatively simple.
Tom is going to resign, isn't he?
I can't get this to work.
Don't forget to give this to Tom.
May I offer a suggestion?
Tom is going to say no, isn't he?
Perhaps you've heard of me.
Tom is supposed to arrive today.
You'd better wear a jacket.
Tom is going to try it, isn't he?
The sooner I do that, the better.
Tom said he always carried a gun.
What kind of food don't you like?
Tom is good at biology, isn't he?
Could you tell me what time it is?
Tom likes playing tennis, but I don't.
I'll stay here until you get back.
Tom is good at cooking, isn't he?
I'll stay here until you come back.
Tom hasn't done that, but he ought to.
What kind of music do you like best?
Tom is good at drawing, isn't he?
Have you finished cleaning your room?
Were you able to get in touch with Tom?
There's a bowling alley near my home.
Tom is good at driving, isn't he?
We won't be able to get there on time.
I don't like Tom very much, to be honest.
I'll pick you up in front of the hotel.
Tom is good at his job, isn't he?
This is something that needs to be done.
Did you manage to get in touch with Tom?
I need to get myself a new pair of glasses.
Tom is good at singing, isn't he?
I took off my slippers and put on my shoes.
I never should've borrowed money from Tom.
I want you to tell me what needs to be done.
Tom is growing a beard, isn't he?
Do you like listening to baseball on the radio?
Somehow Tom managed to get away with it.
There's a pitcher of orange juice on the table.
Tom is happily married, isn't he?
There should be a box of matches in the top drawer.
Tom dropped by to see how you were doing.
This should do.
It's quizzical.
Is there any benefit to it?
What are your favorite flavors?
Please pick a few peppermint leaves from the garden.
I have the worst luck with socks.
Tom ate three pounds of meat after doing squats and deadlifts.
This tastes like soap.
While camping, Tom gave Mary dysentery by not thoroughly cleaning the pots and pans.
Tom gets immediate inflammation from gluten.
Where can I buy butter?
Where can I buy gloves?
Where can I buy a lawnmower?
Don't watch the movie first. Read the book.
Tom is in treatment.
It took me a year to finish the book.
Where can I buy a hammer?
What are you throwing at me?
Do we have to ask for permission?
You must ask for permission.
Where can I buy cumin?
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.
I need to buy a pair of pliers.
Yesterday I bought a new tablecloth.
Where can I buy anchovies?
I'd like to buy some apricots.
Is that the sweater you bought yesterday?
Is that the sweater that you bought yesterday?
I need to buy some flour.
Where did you buy these cherries?
Tom bought a bathrobe.
Do you have a stapler I could borrow?
Do you have a stapler that I could borrow?
Tom's horse bit him.
Blue isn't my favorite color.
I'll add it to my collection.
Tom's dog bit him.
Tom's mother spanked him.
Tom's mother yelled at him.
You have to stop Tom from ordering a huge burrito.
That's not the correct answer.
That isn't the correct answer.
Tom is addicted to slot machines.
Tom likes to get drunk and talk endlessly about guns.
What's your preference?
You already know who I'm talking about, don't you?
There's a local bakery here that sells gluten-free bread.
I hope you found everything.
I hope you found everything you need.
I hope you were able to buy everything you need.
Tom keeps a fully loaded gun in his house. Fortunately, no one cares to bother with his moldy and boring house.
I'm going straight to Mexico.
I never thought you cared.
I'm good at them.
I did it with one of my old roommates in LA.
Don't eat that dirty olive.
Mary is a nail biter.
There's someone in the hallway!
Tom froze when Mary found him in front of the refrigerator at 3:AM in the morning.
It is so much fun!
It's right up your geek alley.
Do you want to do another one?
It's the same life experience.
I like that video game. And only that video game.
I realized only then where it was going.
Have you seen the movie?
Have you tried the Batman one?
This cat is the bane of my life.
The dog has destroyed thousands of dollars of furniture.
Who is that guy with the goatee?
I'm going to explode.
I'm having flashbacks.
He's a good eight years younger than us.
I thought he was done forever.
So it's nice.
Keoko, sit!
But that's what I'm saying.
There are times when you have to choose between saving this character and that character.
We only have potato wedges.
I never study in the library.
I go shopping every day.
These people are so weird.
We're out of towels.
What kind of mistakes did you make?
We rode our bicycles around the lake.
I didn't do anything all day.
I told you that three weeks ago.
Tom danced with Mary all evening.
There are still things that we need to do.
There are still things we need to do.
Tom showed up at the party dressed as a pirate.
I don't like traveling with lots of luggage.
I don't like to travel with a lot of luggage.
Do you know what your cats do all day alone at home?
I think we need a coffee break.
Please don't throw anything out the window.
Could you lend me your knife so I can sharpen this pencil?
Please hand me the bottle opener.
Do you have a bottle opener that I could borrow?
Do you have a bottle opener I could borrow?
I have to buy a new colander.
My wife is from Australia.
I forbid you to go there.
I just learned a new word.
This is the last time I'm going to help you.
This is the last time that I'm going to help you.
I just burped.
What an ugly dog!
There's a hole in your shirt.
I have calluses on my feet.
Do you like my pickup truck?
One of my favorite spices is cinnamon.
Go down to the cellar to get some wine.
I bought a few apples.
The world has changed a lot in the last thirty years.
Tom baked the cake and Mary iced it.
I left my keys at the office.
I just chipped a tooth.
Try to reconsider.
There's an error here.
They'll let us know.
It's not his.
He forgot to tell you.
It wasn't his to give.
Tom forgot to tell you.
There's been a lot noise around here lately.
The construction just started.
You came just in time.
We're leaving Boston next Monday.
Can you get more figs?
Help me fix this.
Those are hers.
I need a couple of hamburgers.
Cut the sandwich into four squares.
Those look good.
Can you chip in?
I found your missing tools.
Remember to set your alarm.
I'm a peanut butter vacuum.
I just saw a huge owl.
Do you want another one?
It would take a long time to explain it to you.
It was Tom's own fault.
You'd better buy that book.
It was a mistake to do that.
I only saw one apple.
I have to finish reading that book by tomorrow.
I'm taking a trip to Australia next year.
It looks like something's going to happen soon.
All I saw was an apple.
Israel is building new settlements in the West Bank.
According to international law, Israel's settlements in the West Bank are totally illegal.
Israel has a love-hate relationship with the Jewish settlers.
Some people think that Israel would never evacuate the West Bank settlements.
Have you personally had problems with the Israeli police?
The Palestinian territory keeps shrinking and shrinking.
Israel should stop the building of settlements in the West Bank.
Hither we sail and on this island fair, / worn out, find welcome in a sheltered bay, / and, landing, hail Apollo's town with prayer.
We gave Tom the apple.
Tom gives it to John.
Mary gives it to Tom.
Mary will give it to Tom.
Tom has given it to John.
I want to give it to Mary.
Tom had to sleep in the living room on the couch because Mary's dog didn't let him get in his room.
I gave him the money.
Thank God, the storm is over.
There is a piranha in that jungle river.
Is your momma a piranha?
If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.
I don't just want to be outraged; I want to be liberated.
Thank God the storm is over.
What should we do apart from getting outraged and protesting?
The modern right wants to make you believe that their unjust actions are no reason to be outraged, and that the real threat to social justice is the people who oppose them.
Tom has a side job writing epitaphs.
The pardoning of the racist police officer's crimes demonstrated the truth about "justice" in the United States.
The building is yellowish gray.
Birds have beaks.
Shut your filthy beaks, you fucking birds!
I expected to be home by 2:30.
Tom made a faux pas.
Tom made a horrible mistake.
Tom did something horrible.
This tastes horrible.
What's that horrible sound?
There was a horrible accident on Park Street yesterday afternoon.
Isn't it too late to do that?
The stew that Tom made last night tasted horrible.
We've been having horrible weather.
I thought that movie was horrible.
I had a horrible cold last week.
Our baseball team had a horrible season last year.
This fast food restaurant creates a lot of waste.
Tom's belly is growing.
By deactivating certain genes, scientists were able to grow chicken embryos with dinosaur snouts instead of beaks.
Tom's favorite team was cheated of a score by corrupt officiating.
The puppy is cheering me up.
Those kittens are so cute.
What time is the show?
I'm too full to move.
I have a horrible headache.
Where is your letter?
Don't tell me now.
I have a feeling that something horrible is about to happen.
Do you want to open your present now?
What did Mary say?
Why didn't Mary go?
The tram broke down.
Tom bought an American-made automobile.
Help yourself to some cake.
I have a spider bite on my foot.
The dogs are happy with their new beds.
Make sure to wear eye protection.
I'm puzzled by your reaction.
I can help the next guest in line.
You just made a friend.
"Can you make me a fruit smoothie?" "We don't have fruit. We used to."
"I got you some horseshoe sauce packets." "Did you just say horseshoe sauce? Surely you mean horseradish sauce."
They think we left.
My full name is Tom Kun, Junior.
What is your new address?
I just want lettuce.
I can't believe we got on that ride.
She said, "Just thanks."
She sent a text.
I wish I was a police officer.
Why are you turning red?
Police officers and paramedics just came into the restaurant.
It's not even connecting.
I hear mumbling all around me, but I can't make out what is being said.
Tom said he's tired of Germanic languages.
I can't go home until 2:30.
I wish I were a police officer.
Tom said he's tired of doing that.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
What's your new address?
I can't stand staying indoors.
Not a lot is going on here.
Tom walks five miles a day.
Tom gets plenty of sun every day.
It's addicting.
What was your final score?
The train departs in twenty-nine minutes.
Tom has been acting aggressively lately.
I think I'm too tired to do that now.
The only thing I saw on the table was an apple.
The only person I saw doing that was Tom.
The only dessert I really like is ice cream.
The only language that I can speak really well is French.
The only thing I want to do right now is sleep.
The only place I want to be right now is with you.
You're the only one I've really ever loved.
It's common and there are numerous vectors.
I like watching Korean soap operas.
I want to slice these potatoes into strips.
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.
I don't like this restaurant -- let's go to a different one, OK?
This is an East Asian concept -- it's a little tricky to explain in Spanish.
"It smells like popcorn." "You're right!"
Koreans don't like eating cilantro.
The broccoli is overcooked today -- it's not very good.
I'm a bad-ass.
You are so full of crap!
I'm captivated by the challenges of translation.
He is a talented young director.
I think you've overcooked the broccoli.
I was the last one to turn in my test.
Tom lost his torch yesterday.
I almost sneezed.
I saw your girlfriend kissing Tom.
I was in Boston a couple of weeks ago.
You'll have to move.
This magazine comes out every month.
I've never seen such a beautiful girl.
We have to move out of our apartment by the end of the month.
Dinewan the emu, being the largest bird, was acknowledged as king by the other birds.
Oolah the lizard was tired of lying in the sun, doing nothing.
Oolah the lizard was tired of lying in the sun, doing nothing. So he said, "I will go and play."
He took his boomerangs out, and began to practise throwing them.
"I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go," said Holmes, as we sat down together to our breakfast one morning.
"I am afraid, Watson, that I shall have to go," said Holmes, as we sat down together to our breakfast one morning. "Go! Where to?"
I was not surprised.
I was not surprised. Indeed, my only wonder was that he had not already been mixed upon this extraordinary case, which was the one topic of conversation through the length and breadth of England.
For a whole day my companion had rambled about the room with his chin upon his chest and his brows knitted, charging and recharging his pipe with the strongest black tobacco, and absolutely deaf to any of my questions or remarks.
Check his pulse.
Fresh editions of every paper had been sent up by our news agent, only to be glanced over and tossed down into a corner.
Yet, silent as he was, I knew perfectly well what it was over which he was brooding.
There was but one problem before the public which could challenge his powers of analysis, and that was the singular disappearance of the favourite for the Wessex Cup, and the tragic murder of its trainer.
When, therefore, he suddenly announced his intention of setting out for the scene of the drama it was only what I had both expected and hoped for.
"I should be most happy to go down with you if I should not be in the way," said I.
My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming.
My dear Watson, you would confer a great favour upon me by coming. And I think that your time will not be misspent, for there are points about the case which promise to make it an absolutely unique one.
We have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington.
You would oblige me by bringing with you your very excellent field-glass.
And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in the corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for Exeter.
And so it happened that an hour or so later I found myself in the corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for Exeter, while Sherlock Holmes, with his sharp, eager face framed in his ear-flapped travelling-cap, dipped rapidly into the bundle of fresh papers which he had procured at Paddington.
"We are going well," said he, looking out the window and glancing at his watch. "Our rate at present is fifty-three and a half miles an hour."
The tragedy has been so uncommon, so complete and of such personal importance to so many people, that we are suffering from a plethora of surmise, conjecture, and hypothesis.
The difficulty is to detach the framework of fact—of absolute undeniable fact—from the embellishments of theorists and reporters.
On Tuesday evening I received telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from Inspector Gregory, who is looking after the case, inviting my co-operation.
"Tuesday evening!" I exclaimed. "And this is Thursday morning. Why didn't you go down yesterday?" "Because I made a blunder, my dear Watson--which is, I am afraid, a more common occurrence than any one would think who only knew me through your memoirs."
I lay back against the cushions, puffing at my cigar, while Holmes, leaning forward, with his long, thin forefinger checking off the points upon the palm of his left hand, gave me a sketch of the events which had led to our journey.
Tom is a jockey.
John Straker, who is a married man, lives in a small villa about two hundred yards from the stables. He has no children, keeps one maid-servant, and is comfortably off.
In every other direction the moor is a complete wilderness, inhabited only by a few roaming gypsies.
At a few minutes after nine the maid, Edith Baxter, carried down to the stables his supper, which consisted of a dish of curried mutton.
The maid carried a lantern with her, as it was very dark and the path ran across the open moor.
Edith Baxter was within thirty yards of the stables, when a man appeared out of the darkness and called to her to stop.
Tom is a snake handler.
Tom's family disapproved of his relationship with Mary.
Tom vowed revenge.
This restaurant is popular with tourists.
Tom stared at the night sky for a long time and completely spaced out.
The squirrel is looking for nuts.
As he stepped into the circle of yellow light thrown by the lantern she saw that he was a person of gentlemanly bearing, dressed in a grey suit of tweeds, with a cloth cap.
He wore gaiters, and carried a heavy stick with a knob to it.
She was most impressed, however, by the extreme pallor of his face and by the nervousness of his manner.
His age, she thought, would be rather over thirty than under it.
"Can you tell me where I am?" he asked.
I had almost made up my mind to sleep on the moor, when I saw the light of your lantern.
Tom is a metrosexual.
I understand that a stable-boy sleeps there alone every night. Perhaps that is his supper which you are carrying to him.
She was frightened by the earnestness of his manner.
"Good-evening," said he, looking through the window. "I wanted to have a word with you."
"What business have you here?" asked the lad.
He sprang up and rushed across the stable to unloose the dog.
She begged him to remain at home, as she could hear the rain pattering against the window, but in spite of her entreaties he pulled on his large mackintosh and left the house.
Mrs. Straker awoke at seven in the morning, to find that her husband had not yet returned.
She dressed herself hastily, called the maid, and set off for the stables.
The two lads who slept in the chaff-cutting loft above the harness-room were quickly aroused.
They had heard nothing during the night, for they are both sound sleepers.
Hunter was obviously under the influence of some powerful drug.
They still had hopes that the trainer had for some reason taken out the horse for early exercise.
On ascending the knoll near the house, from which all the neighbouring moors were visible, they not only could see no signs of the missing favourite, but they perceived something which warned them that they were in the presence of a tragedy.
About a quarter of a mile from the stables John Straker's overcoat was flapping from a furze-bush. Immediately beyond there was a bowl-shaped depression in the moor, and at the bottom of this was found the dead body of the unfortunate trainer.
His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy weapon, and he was wounded on the thigh, where there was a long, clean cut, inflicted evidently by some very sharp instrument.
It was clear, however, that Straker had defended himself vigorously against his assailants, for in his right hand he held a small knife, which was clotted with blood up to the handle, while in his left he clasped a red and black silk cravat.
An analysis has shown that the remains of his supper left by the stable-lad contain an appreciable quantity of powdered opium.
Those are the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and stated as baldly as possible.
Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer.
Inspector Gregory, to whom the case has been committed, is an extremely competent officer. Were he but gifted with imagination he might rise to great heights in his profession.
He was a man of excellent birth and education, who had squandered a fortune upon the turf, and who lived now by doing a little quiet and genteel book-making in the sporting clubs of London.
When confronted with his cravat, he turned very pale, and was utterly unable to account for its presence in the hand of the murdered man.
His wet clothing showed that he had been out in the storm of the night before.
His stick, which was a Penang-lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon as might, by repeated blows, have inflicted the terrible injuries to which the trainer had succumbed.
There you have it all in a nutshell, Watson, and if you can give me any light I shall be infinitely obliged to you.
I had listened with the greatest interest to the statement which Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me.
It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge circle of Dartmoor.
Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station—the one a tall, fair man with lion-like hair and beard and curiously penetrating light blue eyes; the other a small, alert person, very neat and dapper, in a frock-coat and gaiters, with trim little side-whiskers and an eye-glass.
I wish to leave no stone unturned.
"Have there been any fresh developments?" asked Holmes.
"I am sorry to say that we have made very little progress," said the Inspector.
A minute later we were all seated in a comfortable landau, and were rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city.
Nigeria will face off against Iceland tonight.
Inspector Gregory was full of his case, and poured out a stream of remarks, while Holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection.
Colonel Ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted over his eyes.
I listened with interest to the dialogue of the two detectives.
The evidence is purely circumstantial.
A few minutes later our driver pulled up at a neat little red-brick villa with overhanging eaves which stood by the road.
We all sprang out with the exception of Holmes, who continued to lean back with his eyes fixed upon the sky in front of him, entirely absorbed in his own thoughts.
It was only when I touched his arm that he roused himself with a violent start and stepped out of the carriage.
"Excuse me," said he, turning to Colonel Ross, who had looked at him in some surprise. "I was day-dreaming."
"Perhaps you would prefer at once to go on to the scene of the crime, Mr. Holmes?" said Gregory.
"This is a very singular knife," said Holmes, lifting it up and examining it minutely.
Her face was haggard and thin and eager, stamped with the print of a recent horror.
"Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little time ago, Mrs. Straker?" said Holmes. "No, sir; you are mistaken." "Dear me! Why, I could have sworn to it. You wore a costume of dove-coloured silk with ostrich-feather trimming." "I never had such a dress, sir," answered the lady.
There was no wind that night.
Holmes and I walked slowly across the moor.
The sun was beginning to sink behind the stables of Mapleton, and the long, sloping plain in front of us was tinged with gold, deepening into rich, ruddy browns where the faded ferns and brambles caught the evening light.
But the glories of the landscape were all wasted upon my companion, who was sunk in the deepest thought.
It's this way, Watson.
We may leave the question of who killed John Straker for the instant, and confine ourselves to finding out what has become of the horse.
The horse is a very gregarious creature.
The track of a horse was plainly outlined in the soft earth in front of him, and the shoe which he took from his pocket exactly fitted the impression.
"See the value of imagination," said Holmes. "It is the one quality which Gregory lacks."
We imagined what might have happened, acted upon the supposition, and find ourselves justified.
We crossed the marshy bottom and passed over a quarter of a mile of dry, hard turf.
It was Holmes who saw them first, and he stood pointing with a look of triumph upon his face.
A man's track was visible beside the horse's.
We don't want any loiterers about here.
"I only wished to ask a question," said Holmes, with his finger and thumb in his waistcoat pocket.
A fierce-looking elderly man strode out from the gate with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand.
"What's this, Dawson!" he cried. "No gossiping! Go about your business!"
And you, what the devil do you want here?
I've no time to talk to every gadabout. We want no stranger here. Be off, or you may find a dog at your heels.
"It's a lie!" he shouted, "an infernal lie!"
Holmes leaned forward and whispered something in the trainer's ear. He started violently and flushed to the temples. "It's a lie!" he shouted, "an infernal lie!" "Very good. Shall we argue about it here in public or talk it over in your parlour?" "Oh, come in if you wish to."
I follow my own methods, and tell as much or as little as I choose. That is the advantage of being unofficial.
I don't know whether you observed it, Watson, but the Colonel's manner has been just a trifle cavalier to me.
I am inclined now to have a little amusement at his expense.
Say nothing to him about the horse.
I was thunderstruck by my friend's words.
"My friend and I return to town by the night-express," said Holmes. "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor air."
Might I ask for a photograph of Mr. John Straker?
My dear Gregory, you anticipate all my wants.
I saw by the Inspector's face that his attention had been keenly aroused.
"Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?" "To the curious incident of the dog in the night-time." "The dog did nothing in the night-time." "That was the curious incident," remarked Sherlock Holmes.
His face was grave, and his manner was cold in the extreme.
The Colonel was very angry.
I confess that I can make neither head nor tail of it.
Don't you think that you have kept up your mystery long enough, Mr. Holmes?
Let us all go round and have a look at the horse together.
I owe you a thousand apologies for having doubted your ability.
You have done me a great service by recovering my horse.
You have done me a great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John Straker.
"You have done me a great service by recovering my horse. You would do me a greater still if you could lay your hands on the murderer of John Straker." "I have done so," said Holmes quietly.
The Colonel and I stared at him in amazement.
"You have got him! Where is he, then?" "He is here." "Here! Where?" "In my company at the present moment."
The Colonel flushed angrily.
I must regard what you have just said as either a very bad joke or an insult.
"I assure you that I have not associated you with the crime, Colonel," said he. "The real murderer is standing immediately behind you." He stepped past and laid his hand upon the glossy neck of the thoroughbred. "The horse!" cried both the Colonel and myself.
Brazil knocked Costa Rica out of the World Cup.
John Straker was a man who was entirely unworthy of your confidence.
We had the corner of a Pullman car to ourselves that evening as we whirled back to London.
It was while I was in the carriage, just as we reached the trainer's house, that the immense significance of the curried mutton occurred to me.
You may remember that I was distrait, and remained sitting after you had all alighted. I was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly have overlooked so obvious a clue.
I at once concluded that Straker was leading a double life, and keeping a second establishment.
When I returned to London I called upon the milliner, who had recognised Straker as an excellent customer of the name of Derbyshire, who had a very dashing wife, with a strong partiality for expensive dresses.
I have no doubt that this woman had plunged him over head and ears in debt, and so led him into this miserable plot.
This is Clapham Junction, if I am not mistaken, and we shall be in Victoria in less than ten minutes.
If you care to smoke a cigar in our rooms, Colonel, I shall be happy to give you any other details which might interest you.
I can't even begin to imagine what you went through.
I can't even begin to imagine what Tom went through.
It was a blazing hot day in August.
Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house across the road was painful to the eye. It was hard to believe that these were the same walls which loomed so gloomily through the fogs of winter.
Baker Street was like an oven.
Our blinds were half-drawn, and Holmes lay curled upon the sofa, reading and re-reading a letter which he had received by the morning post.
My term of service in India had trained me to stand heat better than cold, and a thermometer at ninety was no hardship.
The morning paper was uninteresting.
Parliament had risen.
Everybody was out of town.
I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shingle of Southsea.
Don't forget to bring your bathing suit.
Baker Street was like an oven, and the glare of the sunlight upon the yellow brickwork of the house across the road was painful to the eye.
Tom and Mary are hanging out at the pool.
Tom and Mary are hanging out by the pool.
Make sure you pack a bathing suit.
Did you bring your bathing suit?
Tom jumped in the pool.
Tom wore his bathing suit under his shorts.
Mary wore her bikini under her shorts and T-shirt.
Tom had a hectic morning.
Mary applied sunscreen to her face.
I can apply sunscreen myself.
Can you put some sunscreen on my back?
Mary's legs dangled in the water.
Mary sat by the edge of the pool, her bare legs dangling in the water.
Tom spread the towel out on the ground.
Where can we talk privately?
Are you going to Tom's party tomorrow?
Tom unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it aside.
I'll keep you safe.
A depleted bank account had caused me to postpone my holiday.
As to my companion, neither the country nor the sea presented the slightest attraction to him.
He loved to lie in the very centre of five millions of people, with his filaments stretching out and running through them, responsive to every little rumour or suspicion of unsolved crime.
Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts, and his only change was when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the country.
Holmes was too absorbed for conversation.
Suddenly my companion’s voice broke in upon my thoughts: “You are right, Watson,” said he. “It does seem a most preposterous way of settling a dispute.” “Most preposterous!” I exclaimed, and then suddenly realizing how he had echoed the inmost thought of my soul, I sat up in my chair and stared at him in blank amazement.
“What is this, Holmes?” I cried. “This is beyond anything which I could have imagined.”
He laughed heartily at my perplexity.
"Do you mean to say that you read my train of thoughts from my features?" "Your features and especially your eyes."
"Perhaps you cannot yourself recall how your reverie commenced?" "No, I cannot." "Then I will tell you."
After throwing down your paper, which was the action which drew my attention to you, you sat for half a minute with a vacant expression. Then your eyes fixed themselves upon your newly framed picture of General Gordon, and I saw by the alteration in your face that a train of thought had been started. But it did not lead very far. Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands upon the top of your books. Then you glanced up at the wall, and of course your meaning was obvious. You were thinking that if the portrait were framed it would just cover that bare space and correspond with Gordon’s picture over there.
When a moment later I saw your eyes wander away from the picture, I suspected that your mind had now turned to the Civil War, and when I observed that your lips set, your eyes sparkled, and your hands clenched I was positive that you were indeed thinking of the gallantry which was shown by both sides in that desperate struggle.
But then, again, your face grew sadder; you shook your head. You were dwelling upon the sadness and horror and useless waste of life.
Your hand stole towards your own old wound and a smile quivered on your lips, which showed me that the ridiculous side of this method of settling international questions had forced itself upon your mind. At this point I agreed with you that it was preposterous and was glad to find that all my deductions had been correct.
Have you observed in the paper a short paragraph referring to the remarkable contents of a packet sent through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?
I picked up the paper which he had thrown back to me and read the paragraph indicated.
Tom spread the towel out on the sand.
Mary spread the towel out on the sand.
Tom listened to the sound of the waves.
At two o’clock yesterday afternoon a small packet, wrapped in brown paper, was handed in by the postman. A cardboard box was inside, which was filled with coarse salt. On emptying this, Miss Cushing was horrified to find two human ears, apparently quite freshly severed.
"I was longing for something to do." "You shall have it then."
I was longing for something to do.
I’ll be back in a moment when I have changed my dressing-gown and filled my cigar-case.
A shower of rain fell while we were in the train, and the heat was far less oppressive in Croydon than in town.
Holmes had sent on a wire, so that Lestrade, as wiry, as dapper, and as ferret-like as ever, was waiting for us at the station.
It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim, with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women gossiping at the doors.
Lestrade stopped and tapped at a door, which was opened by a small servant girl.
Miss Cushing was sitting in the front room, into which we were ushered. She was a placid-faced woman, with large, gentle eyes, and grizzled hair curving down over her temples on each side.
Tom lay face down on the blanket.
Mary lay face down on the blanket.
Tom was stretched out on a chaise longue.
Mary was stretched out on a chaise longue by the pool.
I've never wanted anything more in my life.
A moment later he and I were back in the front room, where the impassive lady was still quietly working away at her antimacassar.
She looked at us with her frank, searching blue eyes.
I have not an enemy in the world.
I have not an enemy in the world, as far as I know, so why should anyone play me such a trick?
You have two sisters, I believe.
“I observed the very instant that I entered the room that you have a portrait group of three ladies upon the mantelpiece, one of whom is undoubtedly yourself, while the others are so exceedingly like you that there could be no doubt of the relationship.” “Yes, you are quite right. Those are my sisters, Sarah and Mary.”
She was unmarried at the time.
He would always take drink when he was ashore, and a little drink would send him stark, staring mad.
It was evident that Miss Cushing had come upon a subject on which she felt very deeply.
Like most people who lead a lonely life, she was shy at first, but ended by becoming extremely communicative.
Holmes listened attentively to everything, throwing in a question from time to time.
I don’t want to say a word against my own sister, but she was always meddlesome and hard to please.
We must strike while the iron is hot.
Holmes sent off a short wire and for the rest of the drive lay back in the cab, with his hat tilted over his nose to keep the sun from his face.
Holmes had his hand upon the knocker, when the door opened and a grave young gentleman in black, with a very shiny hat, appeared on the step.
“Is Miss Cushing at home?” asked Holmes.
“Miss Sarah Cushing is extremely ill,” said he.
Lestrade was waiting for us at the door.
“A telegram for you, Mr. Holmes,” said he. “Ha! It is the answer!”
“Have you found out anything?” “I have found out everything!”
Lestrade stared at him in amazement.
"You are joking." "I was never more serious in my life."
A shocking crime has been committed, and I think I have now laid bare every detail of it.
I should prefer that you do not mention my name at all in connection with the case, as I choose to be only associated with those crimes which present some difficulty in their solution.
Come on, Watson.
As a medical man, you are aware, Watson, that there is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear.
Mary took a sip of tea.
She was a fine tall woman, black and quick and fierce, with a proud way of carrying her head, and a glint from her eye like a spark from a flint.
It had seemed to me sometimes that she liked to be alone with me, or to coax me out for a walk with her, but I had never thought anything of that.
But one evening my eyes were opened.
I had come up from the ship and found my wife out, but Sarah at home.
‘Where’s Mary?’ I asked.
‘Can’t you be happy for five minutes without Mary, Jim?’ says she.
There was no need for her to speak, nor for me either.
I frowned and drew my hand away.
From that time Sarah hated me with her whole heart and soul.
I never said a word to Mary, for I knew it would grieve her.
Things went on much as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary herself. She had always been so trusting and so innocent, but now she became queer and suspicious, wanting to know where I had been and what I had been doing, and whom my letters were from, and what I had in my pockets, and a thousand such follies.
Things went on much as before, but after a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary herself.
Day by day she grew queerer and more irritable, and we had ceaseless rows about nothing.
Sarah avoided me now, but she and Mary were just inseparable.
I can see now how she was plotting and scheming and poisoning my wife’s mind against me, but I was such a blind beetle that I could not understand it at the time.
Then I broke my blue ribbon and began to drink again.
She had some reason to be disgusted with me now, and the gap between us began to be wider and wider.
He was a dashing, swaggering chap, smart and curled, who had seen half the world and could talk of what he had seen.
For a month he was in and out of my house, and never once did it cross my mind that harm might come of his soft, tricky ways.
I had come into the parlour unexpected, and as I walked in at the door I saw a light of welcome on my wife’s face. But as she saw who it was it faded again, and she turned away with a look of disappointment.
There was no one but Alec Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine.
If I could have seen him then I should have killed him, for I have always been like a madman when my temper gets loose.
Mary saw the devil’s light in my eyes, and she ran forward with her hands on my sleeve. ‘Don’t, Jim, don’t!’ says she.
Don't, Tom, don't!
‘Sarah,’ says I as I went in, ‘this man Fairbairn is never to darken my door again.’ ‘Why not?’ says she. ‘Because I order it.’
‘Oh!’ says she, ‘if my friends are not good enough for this house, then I am not good enough for it either.’
If Fairbairn shows his face here again I’ll send you one of his ears for a keepsake.
Fairbairn used to stay there, and Mary would go round to have tea with her sister and him.
I followed her one day, and as I broke in at the door Fairbairn got away over the back garden wall, like the cowardly skunk that he was.
I swore to my wife that I would kill her if I found her in his company again, and I led her back with me, sobbing and trembling, and as white as a piece of paper.
There was no trace of love between us any longer.
I could see that she hated me and feared me, and when the thought of it drove me to drink, then she despised me as well.
I left the ship and came home, thinking what a surprise it would be for my wife, and hoping that maybe she would be glad to see me so soon.
There’s something throbbing in my head now, like a docker’s hammer, but that morning I seemed to have all Niagara whizzing and buzzing in my ears.
I saw red from the first.
There was a good crowd round the booking-office, so I got quite close to them without being seen.
At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was a very hot day, and they thought, no doubt, that it would be cooler on the water.
My God, shall I ever forget their faces when they saw who was in the boat that was closing in upon them?
She screamed out.
He swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes.
He swore like a madman and jabbed at me with an oar, for he must have seen death in my eyes. I got past it and got one in with my stick that crushed his head like an egg.
I would have spared her, perhaps, for all my madness, but she threw her arms round him, crying out to him, and calling him ‘Alec.’
I was like a wild beast then that had tasted blood.
You can hang me, or do what you like with me, but you cannot punish me as I have been punished already. I cannot shut my eyes but I see those two faces staring at me—staring at me as they stared when my boat broke through the haze.
I killed them quick, but they are killing me slow; and if I have another night of it I shall be either mad or dead before morning.
“What is the meaning of it, Watson?” said Holmes solemnly.
What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
She wears glasses.
She is British.
She's British.
She's English.
He's British.
He was British.
She was British.
He who dumps garbage here is a jackass.
Tom is a cleanaholic.
Save the theatrics, Tom.
Cut the purple prose, Tom.
The word "deception" isn't in Tom's vocabulary.
I'll pay this bill as soon as I get paid.
Here are a bunch of bilIs I need to pay.
I have to pay all these bills by the end of the month.
I don't have enough money to pay this bill.
Tom told me he doesn't care whether you like it or not.
Tom told me he doesn't care whether you like him or not.
I don't really care. Do you?
Tom read the poem he wrote for Mary.
Tobacco will eventually kill you.
There are too many smokers around here.
Did you end up volunteering?
Did you end up going to Boston with Tom?
Did you end up doing that?
Please don't use my phone as a coaster.
Mary is four foot ten inches tall.
These tables need to be bussed.
Where did you end up eating?
Where did you end up staying?
Where did you end up doing that?
Where did you end up going?
How were you caught?
How were you able to pull this off?
How were you able to achieve what you did?
How were you able to achieve that?
How were you able to do all that?
I was sitting there.
See what she wants.
I got chills.
Who did you end up doing that with?
I doubt she will remember.
See what Tom wants.
Let's talk first thing Monday.
Why don't you go see what Tom wants?
Do you think Tom would want one of these?
I doubt that Tom would want one of those.
I doubt Tom would want one of those.
Ask Tom what he wants.
Tom became a chiropractor.
Let's do that first thing on Monday.
There's another solution.
Do you think Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Do you think that Tom would enjoy doing that with us?
Tom became a doctor, like his father.
In Paris, we walked many miles each day.
Where do you call home?
Is there a reason for your hesitation?
Do you know who directed this movie?
What was the point of your tantrum?
You can never stop at one.
Your kids have gone over the edge.
My favorite is with ground round.
There are just five more things on my list.
The gorilla died of heartbreak.
Just a few more steps and we'll be there.
What are you hauling?
Let's clear the table.
What were you there for?
What's the tally?
Tom is doing that, too.
Is Tom doing that now?
We did that well.
We did that deliberately.
I'm still a little disoriented.
She knows I love her deeply.
One gets used to anything.
There are three more things on my list that I need to buy.
I doubt Tom will remember.
I doubt that Tom will remember.
I was sitting over there all morning.
Have you found out anything?
Tom was waiting for us at the gate.
Can you tell me where I am?
I am really embarrassed that the Israeli government did this to your family.
I don't believe in the system of separation that the Israeli government is implementing.
The Israeli government and its military occupation are terrible.
I have myself amazing Israeli friends who don't support the apartheid system of the Israeli regime.
Palestine and Israel are the same land.
Forget everything that they teach you. Your regime is an apartheid racist system that is blatanlty violating international law.
Why didn't Tom go?
Who's that guy with the goatee?
There's someone in the hall.
There's somebody in the hall.
Somebody stole my lunch.
We need to let Tom know what's going to happen.
Tom has accepted another offer.
Tom and his friends pushed as hard as they could, but the car wouldn't budge.
The Palestinians are the indigenous people of Palestine. They are not the settlers.
Hasbara is another word for Zionist propaganda.
The natives need to be eliminated.
You cannot create a settler state without the elimination of the natives.
The Palestinians are dehumanized.
Israel will not be able to defend its exceptionalism for ever.
The Palestinians are besieged in demographic bantustans to be controlled and eventually expelled of their country.
Netanyahu is not willing to give up territory to the Palestinians.
Zionism should not be conflated with Jews.
This far-right Austrian party has also become pro-Zionist.
Ilan Pappe was born in Israel.
Ilan Pappe grew up in Israel.
Anti-Zionism is not antisemitism.
The native population needs to be uprooted.
They are intent on destroying and eliminating the natives.
The natives were dispossessed of their homes and lands.
When Zionism started, a lot of Jews didn't accept it.
You don't need to colonize Palestine to be a Jew.
You don't need to dispossess the Palestinians to be a Jew.
Anti-Zionists are labeled as being antisemitic.
The ideology of the Israeli state is unacceptable.
Criticizing Zionism doesn't mean that you're criticizing the Jewish religion.
Criticizing the Israeli government doesn't make me a racist or an antisemite.
Israel continues its aggressive policies towards the Palestinians.
The BDS movement started in 2005.
I am a dissenting voice in Israel.
Sami Bakir taught the history of Israel in Haifa.
The natives are dehumanized.
The Palestinians are not immigrants in their own country.
Israel is portrayed in the media as the only democracy in the Middle East. Is that true?
If you take any book about what defines democracy and compare the Israeli system to it, Israel wouldn't pass the test.
Most of the land of Israel belongs to the Jewish Agency and it is not allowed to sell that land to non-Jews, including indigenous Palestinians.
Israel pretends to be the only democracy in the Middle East, yet it has laws that discriminate against its Arab citizens.
The two-state solution is unviable.
I devoted my life to the one-state solution.
The right of the Palestinian refugees to return to their homeland needs to be seriously considered.
The state has to be a state for everyone.
There should be one democratic state in Palestine, not two state condoning injustice and apartheid.
Sami Bakir's family comes from Haifa.
We are now focused on the history of the Palestinian refugees.
Sami is an Israeli historian and antizionist activist.
The Palestinians were deprived of their rights.
The Palestinians weren't allowed to return to their homeland.
No place is really home for the Palestinians.
Netanyahu has to be held accountable for what happened in Gaza on May 14, 2018.
Tom is a germaphobe and he washes his hands several times every hour of the day.
This milk tastes funny.
The floor is wet and slippery. Be careful!
Why are you soaking wet?
I bought a thirty-six pound bag of dog food for an eleven pound dog.
Tom and Mary like to try a new cheese every week.
The milk has been contaminated. It must be thrown out.
Your dog is absolutely precious!
Can I take a peek?
We've reached the peak.
Can I have a kiss and peck?
Too sore from strength training to do anything else, Tom went to the movies.
Tom bought a backwoods cabin that was without electricity or running water.
Tom fell down the hatch.
It takes three to enjoy a good story: One to tell it right, one to relish it and one to fail to understand it. The pleasure of the first two is doubled by the lack of understanding of the third.
Laws are the codified intolerance of the majority.
The three states of matter are: solid, liquid and gaseous.
It is not the case that every piece of reading matter is worth reading.
The doctor seized the patient's hand and said: "So how do we feel today?"
How can one be a good contributor at Tatoeba?
Six pages in, I lost interest.
Tom never takes down his Christmas decorations.
Tom is stuck in fashion-wise.
"I was in the popular kid group." "Really, Tom, really?"
I started noticing it.
That kind of money is hard to come by.
He stole my shoes.
This will never see daylight.
We've been exposed.
I am thrilled!
We always knew he would steal from the store.
Driving, to me, represents having a choice: the choice of independent movement.
This all happened in one month.
What does the majority think?
I feel safe, our country did everything to make this transition pleasant and safe for every woman behind the wheel. I am really thankful to witness this historic moment and I am so happy for all the women in Saudia Arabia, especially my daughters.
The coffee has been sitting too long.
Can I throw this out?
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
Humans are not descended from apes, except for some people.
Never wrestle with pigs. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!
When a thing is funny, search it carefully for a hidden truth.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation.
The play was a great success, but the audience was a dismal failure.
After all, the wrong road always leads somewhere.
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
Is it a taboo to talk about Palestine today?
There are Kangxi radicals.
Gaza is the biggest prison on Earth.
Jewish Voice For Peace is one of the main organizations behind the BDS campaign.
Could you say a few words about the BDS campaign?
We can boycott Israel.
What is the essence of Zionism?
What can we do to strengthen the movement of solidarity with the Palestinian people?
The Zionist project goes back to the late 19th century.
We need to reassess the so-called Peace Process.
Ilan Pappe says that the Zionism is a settler colonial project.
The United States itself is a settler colonialist state, according to Ilan Pappe.
The natives need to be annihilated.
The natives needed to be eliminated.
Ilan Pappe says that Zionism is a settler colonial movement.
Ilan Pappe says that Zionism is no different than any other settler colonial movement.
Israel occupied the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in 1967.
The Palestinians are being dehumanized.
They need to get rid of the indigenous population.
They needed to get rid of the indigenous population.
The Israeli Arabs are the Palestinian minority inside Israel.
These Palestinian villagers are at the mercy of Israeli soldiers.
The American administration is hostile to the Palestinians.
Israel wants more and more space.
Israel needs the West Bank.
Some Israeli officials say that Israel cannot exist without the West Bank.
The natives need to be expelled.
Most Israeli officials don't want to grant the Palestinians of the occupied territories citizenship.
The Palestinian Authority polices West Bank people for the Israeli state.
I don't like dying. It'll be the last thing I do.
The best thing about life is the certainty that it will end.
The Palestinians of the West Bank are living in a kind of an open prison.
Collective punishment is very common in the West Bank and it is permanent in the Gaza Strip.
The Gaza Strip is a ghetto.
The Gaza Strip is a maximum security prison.
In Palestine, we should talk about decolonization and not peace.
The occupation of the West Bank is a continuation of Zionism.
Jerusalem is to be annexed.
The West Bank is already annexed de facto.
Not all Israelis hate Arabs.
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
Not all Palestinians hate Jews but there needs to be a just solution to the Palestinian problems, not the hypocrisy and utopia of the two-state solution that would ignore the right of return of the Palestinian refugees to their homeland.
The Zionists took the Bible as a map for their project.
The two-state solution is not the good one in Palestine.
We need a united Palestinian front.
A small state in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would never be a just solution to the Palestinian tragedy.
A small state in the West Bank would have no water, no territorial continuity, and no army. This is at least how Israeli officials want it.
We supported the anti-apartheid movement.
The indigenous Palestinian population is perceived as an alien population.
It's not a pleasure to be an anti-Zionist Israeli if you live in Israel.
The Israeli left doesn't have an easy life.
Israel doesn't seem to have a strategy for Gaza.
Israel knows what to do with the West Bank but not really with Gaza.
Israel wants the West Bank for strategic reasons.
Life has become impossible for the Palestinians in many areas of the West Bank.
Area C of the West Bank is directly ruled by Israel.
The Israeli authorities are transferring Palestinians from Area C of the West Bank to Area B. Area C is directly ruled by Israel.
This sentence doesn't necessarily reflect my opinion.
Get off your soapbox, Tom.
In the name of academic freedom, we have the right to criticize the Israeli government.
Big car, little dick.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I won't do that.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I can't do that.
I understand what you mean, but I'm not sure how to translate it.
I've just waxed the floor.
I've been looking for a way to do that.
I've been trying to figure out a way to do that.
Tom's silence made Mary even angrier.
Tom's silence made Mary angry.
If Tom isn't careful, he's going to break that.
I have no one else to turn to except you.
I have no one else to turn to but you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't know Mary.
Please don't be angry with me.
Tom carried his son on his back.
Tom isn't as active as Mary is.
Tom ordered a Bloody Mary.
Tom ran out of skips on his playlist.
We made the necessary preparations for the voyage.
Mayonnaise is nothing but chemistry.
Don't tell stories!
I will eat your oranges.
The temperature is warming. The snow is melting.
He has a Brassens mustache.
What a preposterous question!
Tom was arrested by the supermarket security guards after he stole a bottle of tomato sauce worth €0.85.
Please stop smoking!
We have discovered a great novelty.
He grows tomatoes in the garden.
Tom is planning a trip to Kenya with Mary.
The creative personality can give two shits about rules.
Just throw anything into the wind.
Enjoy, dear. You're welcome.
I'm starting to get cold.
I need to invent something.
How many people live in this town?
I could eat five thousand pizzas.
How do you say lobster in French?
Mary can cook everything without needing a recipe.
Get out of your chair and help!
Stop playing video games and get to the gym.
Tom often makes the same mistakes.
I'm getting longsighted as I get older.
There's a lot of movie previews these days.
Tom is hard of hearing, isn't he?
They've been trained.
Tom now drinks a lot more than he used to.
They've supported us.
Tom is hard to impress, isn't he?
This isn't difficult.
What kind of salary do you think Tom gets?
This isn't justified.
Tom is hard to talk to, isn't he?
Don't feel embarrassed.
You can't imagine what Tom is going through.
It's not unprecedented.
Tom is headed this way, isn't he?
That's absolutely true.
Tom can't be expected to do that without help.
That's another problem.
Tom is here to help us, isn't he?
That's basically right.
Tom has actually been doing that for some time now.
That's clearly changed.
Tom is in his room now, isn't he?
That's fairly alarming.
Tom hasn't done that yet, but he'll do it pretty soon.
That's incredibly rude.
Tom is in his thirties, isn't he?
That's probably unfair.
As far as I know, it's the first time Tom has ever done that.
That's really shocking.
Tom is in real trouble, isn't he?
That's still happening.
Tom and I are good friends now, but we didn't like each other at first.
There are alternatives.
Tom is in the audience, isn't he?
This isn't appropriate.
Tom and Mary got married three weeks after they graduated from college.
Conditions could change.
Tom is in the basement, isn't he?
Everyone's feeling good.
Tom is looking for an apartment with three bedrooms near where he works.
Everything's been great.
Tom is in the bathroom, isn't he?
It's pretty interesting.
Tom and I are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
Tom is just a beginner, isn't he?
The beach was beautiful.
I wanted to visit Tom next Monday, but he said he was going to be busy, so I'm planning to visit him the Monday after next.
Doing that wasn't complicated.
Tom is pretty heavy.
They'll try to manipulate you.
Tom is learning French, isn't he?
This is very interesting stuff.
Tom wants to do more.
Doing that was fairly difficult.
Tom is leaving at 2:30, isn't he?
Doing that was pretty difficult.
Tom has made an offer.
This book is pretty interesting.
Tom is like his father, isn't he?
This report is still incomplete.
Tom had something to say.
It's fairly difficult to do that.
Tom is living here now, isn't he?
This school is now coeducational.
Tom is pretty aggressive.
I'm always learning something new.
Tom is loading the car, isn't he?
It's actually possible to do that by yourself.
Tom said he was satisfied.
It's pretty important that this gets done today.
Tom is majoring in art, isn't he?
You're going somewhere this afternoon, aren't you?
Tom showed me how it's done.
It was actually possible for me to do that by myself.
Russia has the right to defend its geostrategic interests.
What were Western and Saudi-sponsored foreign fighters doing in Chechnya?
Chechnya is part of the Russian Federation.
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
I am one of those Israeli Jews who don't consider Palestinian Arabs as enemies.
Yitzhak gave his old laptop to his Arab neighbor.
Every Ramadan, Yitzhak goes to visit his friend Sami in a small West Bank village.
Yitzhak is an Israeli Jew and Sami is an Arab and they are friends.
Yitzhak has many Arab friends in Tel-Aviv.
Yitzhak is totally opposed to the massive military offensives led by the IDF in Gaza.
You should be tired.
Why aren't you sleepy?
Do we have any schnapps left?
Yitzhak, just as Sami, believes that it is possible for Jews and Arabs to live in a single democratic state where there are no racist policies to discriminate against anyone because of their race or religion.
Hand me a fig.
I need some carbs.
Yitzhak, an Israeli Jew, and Sami, an Arab, are best friends.
Finish your sentence.
Yitzhak and Sami live in Tel-Aviv and they are best friends.
Yitzhak is Jewish and he is totally opposed to the ideas of Zionism.
Tom spoke to the pastor for two hours.
Yitzhak, who was born and raised in Tel-Aviv, rejects the apartheid policies of the Israeli government.
People like Yitzhak need to be listened to.
Peace-loving, anti-apartheid Israeli Jews like Yitzhak need to be listened to.
Yitzhak refused to serve in the IDF.
Yitzhak refused to take orders to arrest a Palestinian child in the West Bank.
Anti-racist Israeli Jews like Yitzhak are very brave people.
Don't just listen to lunatics like Trump and Netanyahu. You should also listen to anti-racist Israeli Jews like Yitzhak, from Tel-Aviv.
Yitzhak, an Israeli Jew from Tel-Aviv, regularly visits his Arab friends in the West Bank. Sadly, his Arab friends can't visit him in Tel-Aviv. Apartheid rules here.
Have you reported it to the police?
Yitzhak and Sami regularly contribute articles to Haaretz.
Learning a foreign language is a waste of time.
Tom ironed his trousers.
I've never seen anyone swimming across a river.
Ilan Pappe was forced to leave the University of Haifa because of his anti-Zionist views.
Gaza and the West Bank are the biggest prisons on Earth.
Trump's declaration on Jerusalem shows a total disregard of international law.
The war crimes committed by the IDF in Gaza on May 14, 2018, show a total disregard of international law.
Even the State Department regards the West Bank settlements as a violation of international law.
International law is important and Israel is not above the law.
With Netanyahu's government, international law doesn't matter.
Israel is not exempt from abiding by international law.
How far can Israel go in violating international law?
Before Trump, even the United States didn't dare move its embassy from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem.
Before Trump, no American administration dared move its embassy from Tel-Aviv to Jerusalem.
You're a ruthless man.
I've lost that ring.
The Trump declaration on Jerusalem comes a hundred years after the Balfour Declaration, and this shows a total disregard in international law.
We are not in Biblical times. International law matters and the Palestinian people can't just be evicted of their homeland.
Washington is not playing a positive role in the history of Palestine.
The only Jews West Bank Palestinians know are armed settlers and soldiers.
I only have this picture of her.
The natives need to be overcome and eliminated.
They attempted to eliminate the natives in South Africa and Algeria, but it failed.
BDS stands for the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement.
The BDS movement has become popular.
The Quakers support the BDS movement.
The two-state solution is already dead.
The Palestinians are the native indigenous people of the country.
The natives need to be exterminated. This is what happened in North America and Australia.
Australia is a settler colonialist country. The natives were eliminated to set up what is modern Australia.
The United States is a settler colonialist country. The natives had to be annihilated to set up what is called the Republic of the United States today.
In 1948, apartheid became a constituional law in South Africa.
The only way to force people to leave a place where they have lived for hundreds of years is by using force.
Ethnic cleansing is regarded as a crime against humanity.
The Palestinians who were forced to leave their homeland in are not allowed to come back.
Tom needs to change his behaviour.
I haven't seen him for ages.
Tom paid three dollars for a sandwich.
Tom tried to sneak into the concert.
You're not allowed to speak French here.
Why didn't you come for lunch?
Why didn't you come for dinner?
I don't feel well, sir. Is it okay if I don't come to the office today?
The flock of birds is very beautiful.
To tell the truth, I wasn't going to come to the office today. But I didn't know what to do at home, so I came to the office any way.
I would much rather live in a slum than in a building.
I want to rent out my house.
Doing yoga makes the body flexible and healthy.
Practicing yoga makes the body flexible and healthy.
How much is this shirt?
Why didn't you come home for lunch?
Why don't you come over for dinner tonight?
Tom is working at a bank.
The tea at my office isn't good, so I don't drink it.
I'm going to come home a little early. There isn't much work at the office anyway.
I thought you didn't know how to do anything.
I thought you didn't know how to drive.
To live in love towards our actions and to let live in the understanding of the other person's will is the fundamental maxim of free human beings.
Tom doesn't use salt in his cooking.
This is the only picture I have of Tom.
Tom and Mary were married in October of 2013.
To live in love for action and to let live in the understanding of another person's volition is the fundamental maxim of free human beings.
Mary had gone to the police of her own volition.
Tom often wears a fake wedding ring.
I thought you said Tom was a pilot.
I can speak neither French nor English.
It is Greek, you don't read that.
Tom's parents live in a large house.
Tom's parents live in a big house.
I haven't seen Tom for ages.
I haven't seen Tom in very long time.
The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together.
Tom finished the quiz early.
The cat ate the severed fish head.
The puppies slept in a pile.
The kittens climbed up the curtains.
The dog threw up on the rug.
The cold wind made Mary's cheeks red.
The dog licked the plates clean.
Tom wrote the note in Esperanto.
Tom refused to tip the waiter.
Tom ate a bowl of huckleberries.
The dog growled at the crow.
The cat told the puppy a bedtime story with a series of trills, describing a world of swirling odors and wonderment.
The vegetarians fought over the last morsel of egg salad.
False narratives are propagated about the Palestinians.
Ilan Pappe wrote with honesty and courage about the events that led to the creation of Israel.
Ilan Pappe's books created a controversy in Israel.
This is a pro-Israel narrative. Let's now read some pro-Palestinian narratives written by Jewish and Israeli authors.
I made every decision.
What is the nature of Zionism?
What is the nature of the Zionist project in Palestine?
The Palestinians are first and foremost the native indigenous people of Palestine.
Having a small Palestinian bantustan next to Israel is not going to work.
Historian Ilan Pappe said that Israel planned the occupation of the West Bank long before the war of 1967.
Some people call Israel an apartheid state.
Six million Palestinians continue to live under an oppressive regime in various forms.
We need to realize that the two-state solution is dead.
The Israeli state wants to have as much of Palestine as possible with as few Palestinians in it as possible.
I was born in Israel in and I was indoctrinated into the Zionist discourse.
I don't think that the Jewish settlers of the West Bank should be evacuated from that land. What needs to be done is the ending the apartheid system and allowing the Palestinian refugees back into their homeland, including those who were expelled in 1948.
There needs to be one democratic states for the Jews and the Palestinians between the Mediterranean and the Jordan river.
We should have Jewish settlers and Palestinians living together in the same state.
This idea that an Arab majority would systematically kill a Jewish minority is a racist idea that needs to be challenged.
The Palestinian Authority should be disbanded.
Israel controls the West Bank.
Most of the IDF's checkpoints in the West Bank are in areas A and B.
Israel already thinks that area C in the West Bank is part of Israel. That explains why half of the military checkpoints in that area have been removed.
The Palestinian Authority should go.
The Palestinians don't need the Palestinian Authority.
I don't think that the political Islamic movements have a vision for Palestine that is going to work.
The outside world cannot be indifferent to the suffering of the Palestinian people.
The BDS movement is so important.
The people of Gaza and the West Bank are only half of the Palestinian people.
Netanyahu doesn't want a one-state solution with the Palestinians.
Netanyahu has realized that the two-state solution is dead.
Tulkarem is a Palestinian town surrounded by a fence with a gate controlled by a few Israeli soldiers.
Tulkarem is a big jail for its Palestinian residents.
There is a difference between genocide and ethnic cleansing.
The death of thousands of people in Gaza is inevitable and that's what turns any massive attack on that enclave into a genocide.
They believed they had to eliminate the native populations in order for their colonial project to succeed.
What is the logic of Zionism?
Is Israel really part of the democratic world?
Israel captured East Jerusalem from Jordan in 1967.
Many people are boycotting Israeli products manufactured in the West Bank.
Unlike Jews Palestinians need a permit to go to that part of Jerusalem.
I can't travel miles in the West Bank without being stopped at a checkpoint.
I was told by Israeli troops to travel on this road, not that one.
Israeli checkpoints block traffic for hours each day in the West Bank.
The Israeli occupation permeates every aspect of the Palestinians' life.
The BDS movement supports boycotting any Israeli company.
So far, the impact of the BDS movement is more symbolic than economic.
This Israeli industrial estate is in occupied Palestinian territories.
For decades, Israel has offered financial incentives for businesses to come to the West Bank.
Many Israeli businesses rushed into the West Bank to take advantage of cheap rents and to exploit cheap Palestinian labor.
Jews and Palestinians have to know each other, work together, and see each other as human beings.
Many people call the Israeli security fence the "apartheid wall."
Many Israelis believe that something must be done to help the Palestinians.
Yitzhak is anti-Zionist.
Yitzhak is an anti-Zionist Jew.
Is Israel a democratic country?
Are you sure Israel is a democratic country?
The Arab Israeli politician Ahmad Tibi supports the BDS movement.
Ahmad Tibi says that what was good for South Africa decades ago is good for Israel today.
The two-state solution won't work.
Israeli historian Ilan Pappe is considered as a traitor.
Israeli historian Ilan Pappe was on the S.H.I.T list.
Yitzhak doesn't want to serve as an ambassador for the Zionist cause.
Any Jew who criticizes Zionism is labelled as a "self-hating Jew."
Israeli historian Ilan Pappe wrote many scholarly works.
Zionism isn't part of Judaism.
There are more than half a million Jewish settlers in the West Bank.
Israel wants to keep the Golan Heights that are part of Syria.
The Israeli government is putting the security cart before the peace horse.
Many Jews are saying that Zionism doesn't speak for them and they are not complicit in its illegal acts.
In the one-state solution, Jews and Arabs would become citizens of the same nation with equal rights. Of course, in order for such a solution to be totally fair, the Palestinian refugees need also to be allowed back into their homeland.
This solution would replace a racist apartheid state with a democratic state for all its citizens.
Suffer fools gladly.
Russia is under attack.
Russia is being attacked by many Western countries.
I will be free all morning next Friday.
What is truth?
"Checkers" is the American name for what is called "draughts" in Britain.
It is getting ahead of me.
Get over yourself, Tom.
Put some water in your wine.
This is not the time or the place, Tom.
I speak Spanish a little bit.
I speak Italian a little bit.
I speak German a little bit.
The girl gave her seat to an old woman in the bus.
I speak French a little bit.
I'll be free all morning tomorrow.
I made all those decisions myself.
Tom said it was true.
Tom said that it was true.
I hope you aren't doing anything illegal.
I hope you're not doing anything illegal.
Everybody's losing money.
Everyone's losing money.
Everybody's really happy.
Everyone's really happy.
No one's forcing you to do anything.
Everybody's doing something.
Everyone's doing something.
That isn't mandatory.
That's not mandatory.
You're probably thinking we don't really need to do that.
You're probably thinking that we don't really need to do that.
Tom is making progress, isn't he?
This is very nice.
They appointed Tom chairperson.
That's not too fun.
Tom is much better now, isn't he?
It's cold in Boston.
That's not Tom's responsibility.
It's just too risky.
Tom is nearly finished, isn't he?
We aren't convinced.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't alone.
We have to register.
Tom is now on vacation, isn't he?
Everything's perfect.
Tom has gotten better at swimming.
It's still a mystery.
Tom is now the manager, isn't he?
That's going to happen.
Tom is older than I am, isn't he?
It'll make a difference.
What Tom did was pretty remarkable.
That's really important.
Tom is on duty tonight, isn't he?
You're wonderful people.
It's real frustrating dealing with Tom.
Everything isn't perfect.
Tom is on his way home, isn't he?
Experts aren't convinced.
The story Tom told was very heartwarming.
The story Tom told us was very heartwarming.
It's worth investigating.
That's worth investigating.
Tom is only a beginner, isn't he?
That's basically correct.
Tom is three years older than you, isn't he?
That's hardly surprising.
Tom is paid to do that, isn't he?
That's highly improbable.
What Tom suggested sounded ridiculous to me.
That's perfectly obvious.
Tom is partially right, isn't he?
That's pretty ridiculous.
It's perfectly natural that Tom would want to do that.
Tom is planning a trip, isn't he?
That's standard practice.
Tom did what most people would've done in the same situation.
That's totally justified.
Tom's house was almost completely destroyed.
Well, that's interesting.
Tom is graduating this year, isn't he?
Good afternoon, everybody.
Tom and John are brothers-in-law.
Mary and Alice are sisters-in-law.
It's decision-making time.
Tom is having problems here, isn't he?
It's their responsibility.
That's their responsibility.
Tom wasn't intimidated.
Tom wasn't intimidated by Mary.
That's our responsibility.
Tom is hiding in the closet, isn't he?
That's pretty encouraging.
Tom's wounds weren't self-inflicted.
Tom's wounds were self-inflicted.
That's pretty significant.
Tom is hiding under the bed, isn't he?
That's standard procedure.
There's nothing wrong with the way Tom did that.
They've stolen everything.
Tom is hoping we'll do that, isn't he?
This is a dream come true.
I did that just like Tom did.
Eventually, that'll happen.
Tom is impatient to do that, isn't he?
Everything has been stolen.
Tom is more laid back than I am.
Tom is the most laid back person I know.
I'll definitely stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom is in a good mood today, isn't he?
Tom is in a very good mood today, isn't he?
As you get older, you're going to have more of these kinds of problems.
Mother went through the forest.
Mom went through the forest.
Is it okay to use this?
How do you do, my name is Douglas. Nice to meet you.
Have you ever seen a Disney movie?
At last! We meet.
"Is it okay to eat chocolate?" -- "I don't know whether or not it's okay, but you can try eating it as a test."
The ancestors overcame many obstacles.
Tom, it doesn't work that way.
About months later, a letter came from her.
Notice that the selling price is written in red.
Tom wants Maria to meet his mother.
Sorry for being selfish.
What kind of animal is this?
Sentences that are not translated defy the purpose of Tatoeba.
Tom was sitting alone, reading a book.
I'm baking a cake for Tom's birthday.
Tom doesn't speak French, and neither do I.
That factory is pretty far from the town center.
These crisps are very moreish.
Bring some munchies.
President Trump is very unpopular.
In fact, Marie Curie was Polish, not French.
Whoever is able to translate a pun may consider themselves to be among the best translators.
Some Israeli officials even deny the existence of the Palestinian people.
Seeing an advertisement for burial plots, I thought to myself "That is the last thing I need."
My religion is simple: I believe whatever I want.
King Anius here, enwreath'd with laurel spray, / the priest of Phoebus meets us on the way; / with joy at once he recognised again / his friend Anchises of an earlier day. / And joining hands in fellowship, each fain / to show a friendly heart the palace-halls we gain.
I don't know you guys.
The settlers are demonizing the indigenous population.
An apartheid system is being imposed on the Palestinians.
They need to get rid of the people who are already there.
The Palestinians have lived in Palestine for centuries and they are entilted to continue to live there. This is their homeland.
How could all the Palestinians be transferred out of Palestine?
The Palestinians of the West Bank are being dispossessed of their lands and homes.
The Palestinians are depicted as the people who refuse peace.
The Palestinians are blamed for their "intransigeance" because they don't want to disappear.
The Palestinians are depicted by the media as always rejecting peace plans.
Israeli historian Ilan Pappe says that all the Palestinian towns that were occupied in were destroyed, except for the town of Nazareth.
Palestinian refugees should be allowed to return to their homeland.
The Palestinians don't have to pay for a genocide that happened in Europe.
In the West Bank, an Israeli soldier is a little king.
Israel is building a wall around the West Bank.
Why is the Israeli army in every part of the West Bank?
Many of the Palestinians of the West Bank are refugees from 1948.
Who is supposed to receive the Palestinians of the West Bank and Gaza if they were expelled?
West Bank Palestinians have been living for decades without basic civil rights.
Many Palestinians are being expelled of the West Bank for various reasons.
New settlers are being sent to colonize the West Bank.
Israel is building more settlements in the West Bank.
The airforce was used to bomb the city of Jenin.
The Palestinians are not terrorists.
Can the wall around the West Bank be made higher?
How can the Israeli government get away with it?
Are the Palestinians going to spend another one hundred years of suffering?
Well, it's horses for courses, isn't it?
The Palestinians were expelled by force in 1948.
The Jewish state confiscated most of the lands of the Palestinians that were expelled in 1948.
Israeli historian Ilan Pappe's books are regarded as solid academic works.
We shouldn't lose our moral courage in criticizing the Israeli government.
The Palestinians who survived the period need to be interviewed.
A terrible massacre took place in the Palestinian village of Tantura.
You don't have to like my views but this doesn't mean that I am wrong.
You may not like my views, but I have the right to say what I think.
Ilan Pappe was not allowed to have a conference in that room.
Guest: "There's a hair in my soup." Waiter: "Looks more like a rabbit to me."
A racist society tends to demonize other societies.
The Arabs are being dehumanized by some media.
The Palestinians are dehumanized by some media.
Most Israelis are decent people and are capable of understanding what is actually going on in Palestine.
Israeli academics should start to criticize the policies of their own government.
The reign of terror and intimidation should end in the occupied territories.
Should Israel continue to build walls between it and the rest of the world?
Should Israel become a theocracy like Iran?
The aliens' upper arms are ridgy.
I'm feeling very sleepy.
What is this store's return policy?
This store offers a 15-day, no-questions-asked return policy.
Stores are becoming showrooms for things people plan to buy on the Internet.
Tom hates his job for a lot of reasons.
I've despised Tom for a long time.
Tom has a website for his business.
We leave for Australia on Monday.
I can speak French and also English.
I can speak French and I can also speak English.
Tom is fluent in French and English.
You'd better leave there on Monday.
Tom is less active than his brother.
Tom isn't as active as his brother.
The boss isn't going to fire Tom.
Would you two like to do that with us?
Where have you two been all afternoon?
Tom looked at the menu and decided to order a hamburger.
All three of you need to do that.
Mary is on a 100-day Duolingo streak.
How did you know Tom wasn't going to be here?
I have three times more books than Tom has.
It happened on the twentieth of October.
It happened on the 20th of October.
I've underestimated the strength of my opponent.
It looks like Tom will be coming here next month.
I have to be at the station by 2:30.
My sister isn't a good cook, and neither am I.
Tom pulled into the gas station.
Tom leased a new car.
I guess we shouldn't have done that yesterday.
We were chatting.
Can you create a chart?
I have an image.
I'm a professional.
Can you make deviled eggs?
How many wives has Tom had?
How many times has Tom been divorced?
How many times has Tom been married?
A skeleton sees the doctor, who comments: "You should have come earlier."
Cucumbers repeat on me.
Yitzhak is Jewish and he has many Muslim friends. Is that wrong?
Yitzhak is Jewish and he has many Arab friends.
Yitzhak was dating an Arab girl that he later married.
Yitzhak is married to an Arab girl.
Yitzhak married an Arab girl and they had six children.
My father is Jewish and my mother is Arab.
Yitzhak married a Muslim woman.
Yitzhak fell in love with the cutest Arab girl in our high school.
Yitzhak is more fluent in Arabic than he is in Hebrew. He also wants to marry an Arab girl.
Yitzhak grew up in an Arab neighborhood.
Yitzhak learned Arabic.
Yitzhak studied Arabic in Haifa.
Yitzhak visited his Arab friends in Gaza many times.
Yitzhak wants true peace and justice, not political hypocrisy, racism, and massacres.
Yitzhak is an Israeli peace activist who regularly visits his friends in Gaza.
Yitzhak is a Jewish peace activist who flies all the way from Canada to the West Bank to visit his Arab friends and support them.
Could such respectable figures as Ilan Pappe, Noam Chomsky, and Avi Shlaim be considered as anti-Semite?
Why doesn't Israel allow the Palestinian refugees to return to their homeland?
Why is the right of return of the Palestinians rejected by Israel?
Why are the Palestinian refugees prevented by the Israeli government from returning to their homeland?
Why is the right of return of the Palestinian refugees ignored?
Even if it's true that in case the Palestinian refugees were allowed back into Israel, Jews would no longer be a majority, what's wrong with it?
Yitzhak and his Arab friend Sami celebrated the Jewish holiday together.
Yitzhak defines himself as a non-Zionist Jew.
Yitzhak has a new Arab friend, and his name is Sami.
The right of return of the Palestinian refugees is something we don't talk about.
The return of the Palestinian refugees wouldn't mean in any way the end of the Jewish people.
Is it OK to love Arabs?
Is it OK to claim that Arabs are not terrorists?
Is it OK if I married an Arab girl?
One should avoid negative questions, since a simple "yes" or "no" answer might be ambiguous.
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Israel controls the life of every Palestinian inside the occupied territories in one way or another.
Israel is still depicted as a democracy by the media.
Israeli Arabs are discriminated against.
The regime under which the Palestinians of the occupied territories are living looks like apartheid.
Israel claims to be the only democracy in the Middle East.
Gideon Levy says that Israel is not a democracy.
The West Bank is under Israeli military occupation.
More and more Palestinians read Hebrew newspapers.
Yitzhak grew up singing that Arabic song.
Racism is everywhere now in Europe.
Racism is nowadays the Likud's new political correctness.
Israel and the Palestinian occupied territories are already one state.
The Israeli area of Galilee is already a Jewish-Arab binational state.
Israeli Jews and Palestinian Arabs could live together in a single democratic state where all the citizens would have equal rights.
The one-state solution is much better than the two-state solution that is doomed to fail anyway.
Israel is continuing to build the separation wall in the West Bank.
The discourse of the Likud is becoming much more racist.
Someone ate all the biscuits.
Somebody ate all the biscuits.
There is an antiracist anticulture inside Israel.
Post-apartheid South Africa wasn't created by eliminating the whites. Therefore, even a post-Zionist Israel wouldn't mean the elimination of Israeli Jews.
The Israeli separation wall needs to be demolished.
Tom's feeling a bit off colour.
This is an animal.
There can't be a direct war between Israel and Iran.
The right of return of the Palestinian refugees? This is such a shocking thing to say in the Israeli society, but this is also a very huge political issue and the topic of a very interesting debate.
Ilan Pappe sometimes gives lectures in Israel.
Avi Shlaim have a lecture in Israel.
We climbed on the cherry picker to get a better view.
Is Zionism today the real enemy of the Jews?
Avi Shlaim's first language is Arabic, and Hebrew is his second language.
Yitzhak is Jewish, but his first language is Arabic. English is his second language. French is his third, and Hebrew is his fourth.
The group of Israeli historians called the New Historians challenge the official narrative of the history of Zionism.
Let's keep it together.
The Fuggerei in Augsburg is the world's oldest social housing complex still in use.
The woman who's pregnant is my mother.
I have already given you many opportunities, but you never knew how to take advantage of them.
I don't know how to translate this word.
Do you know his apartment number?
My birds can't sing.
Does what Tom do make Mary angry?
What Tom is doing is likely to make Mary angry.
What Tom is planning to do will make Mary angry.
Did what Tom do help?
Tom went to Boston to visit a friend.
You should learn French.
You aren't allowed to speak French here.
What made you want to study French?
What made you decide to study French?
Tom's contract expires October twentieth.
I spent the whole day in the library.
Nobody saw Tom.
No one saw Tom.
The coat I want to buy costs $300.
Tom doesn't do anything without his wife's permission.
Tom is allowed to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom is looking for his parents.
Mary lost her engagement ring.
I need a good French-English dictionary.
I'm surprised Tom didn't show up.
Tom didn't like Mary's parents.
This is not the time or the place.
Either Tom goes or I go.
Is Tom's illness serious?
Tom wrote the note in French.
Tom spoke to the pastor for three hours.
Tom is planning a trip to Australia with Mary.
Tom walks three miles a day.
I was born in this hospital.
Tom might've borrowed the money he needed from someone else.
Do you know Tom's apartment number?
Tom speaks excellent French, but his English isn't very good.
I know Tom is dependable.
Tom pulled into a petrol station.
Everything can and should be translated, including "controversial" sentences.
Everything can and should be translated, including what far-right, racist or Islamist extremist groups don't like.
Nobody is going to silence me.
The one-state solution is the only fair solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem.
Jews and Arabs could live in peace together in a single democratic state.
Should Israel be boycotted for the brutal acts carried out by its government?
We have to promote true justice in Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza.
Apartheid is not acceptable.
The Palestinians of the occupied territories are in an open jail.
We have the right to boycott the products made in the occupied territories.
The BDS is not violent.
The BDS is a non-violent movement.
We have the right to do non-violent actions to denounce Israel's apartheid policies.
The Palestinians are human beings.
Do we at least have the right to say that the Palestinians are human beings without being accused of being anti-Semites?
There is a mixed feeling about the BDS movement.
We have the right to boycott the products coming from the occupied territories.
President Trump is keen to please the American Zionist lobby.
Jerusalem is a symbolic city for Muslims, Christians, and Jews.
More Palestinian lands were colonized during Obama's administration.
Jerusalem is not just a Muslim issue. It's an international issue.
Many Israeli Jews are completely opposed to what their government is doing to the Palestinians.
They want to make the BDS movement illegal.
Some lobbies are trying to criminalize the BDS movement.
Many anti-Zionist Jews are accused of being anti-Semites.
There, in a temple built of ancient stone / I worship: "Grant, Thymbrean lord divine, / a home, a settled city of our own, / walls to the weary, and a lasting line, / to Troy another Pergamus. Incline / and harken. Save these Dardans sore-distrest, / the remnant of Achilles' wrath. Some sign / vouchsafe us, whom to follow? where to rest? / Steal into Trojan hearts, and make thy power confessed."
Neither can I.
Eat moderately, but regularly.
Scarce spake I, suddenly the bays divine / shook, and a trembling seized the temple door. / The mountain heaves, and from the opening shrine / loud moans the tripod. Prostrate on the floor / we her a voice:
Tom's arrogance led to his own undoing.
Home isn't home without you, Tom.
You don't need to have such a simple conversation in English. You both learned each other's languages in school, didn't you?
I don't understand why a German man and a French woman would talk to each other in English.
Wearing a pasta colander on one's head is one of the symbols of Pastafarianism.
Adherents of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster are known as Pastafari.
You can pray to him for help.
Bread is baked in ovens everywhere.
There's just no solution that's right for everyone.
What Tom does makes me angry.
Tom isn't very likely to agree to do that.
Did what you do make any difference?
Did what you do help or make it worse?
What are the reasons you did what you did?
How would you have done that differently?
Did the shirt Tom gave you fit?
What kinds of things do you do every day?
Tom wants to know what you do for a living.
It's not what you say that matters, it's what you do.
It's not what you say that matters, it's how you say it.
It's not what you say that matters, but how you say it.
It's not just what you do, it's how you do it.
It's not just what you do, it's how and why you do it.
What you do matters.
No matter what you do, I'll still love you.
What inspired you to become a doctor?
How did you spend all the money I gave you?
One of the keys to happiness is to do what you enjoy doing.
I suggest you don't tell Tom what you do for a living.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom what you do for a living.
It's not what you do, but how you do it that matters.
Why are you doing what you're doing?
What you're doing is illegal.
I don't think what you're doing is legal.
Tell us about what you've been doing.
Continue doing what you've been doing.
What you're doing now isn't helping.
What you're doing is hurting more than helping.
I think you're doing that wrong.
Do you want me to tell you what you're doing wrong?
Stop what you're doing and go help Tom.
Tell us what you did last weekend.
Let Tom know what you plan to do.
How is what you're doing going to help?
Tom is going to get angry if you keep doing what you're doing.
Let me tell you what you're doing wrong.
Tom ate a baloney sandwich.
Then we can continue the algorithm.
I very rarely think in words at all. A thought comes, and I may try to express it in words afterwards.
The children said that you were here.
If you're sleepy, you should go to bed.
If you're sleepy, you should sleep.
Your forehead's bleeding.
What do I have to do to make you believe me?
It's been a while since I've been here, but nothing has changed.
If you're cold, you can turn on the heater.
If you're cold, it's OK to turn on the heater.
If you have but an hour, will you improve that hour, instead of idling it away?
I think I'll go home early today and do some cooking.
I recommend you to take care of the minutes, for the hours will take care of themselves.
Her forehead's bleeding.
Honesty is praised and left in the cold.
Please check my report.
Tom was forgiven.
What's a "blow dry bar"?
I need to figure out who's lying.
Tom got flustered while filling out the paperwork.
Why are your legs shaking?
What if she has another panic attack?
Are you having a panic attack?
I'm sorry I woke you.
Your alarm clock is ancient.
What do you think she wants?
I get the feeling you're uncomfortable in this situation.
I need to cancel my reservation.
These peppercorns are from Vietnam and are best I've ever tasted.
The series was cancelled.
He always donates.
Stop throwing cheese balls at me!
Wow, she's good.
Tom has gout.
Tom has developed a goiter.
She's locked herself in the bathroom.
The show is full of product placement.
The dog sleeps near my head.
Your circulation is much better.
Tom eats a plant-based diet.
I like the theme song.
Good girls don't eat at Tom's Burger Shack.
It's the grand opening.
Their sensibilities are skewered.
In Paris, Benjamin Franklin was considered a backwoods Voltaire.
This backrub feels great.
Can you share your story?
Go on. You can do it.
My name is Tom and I'm a chocolate milk addict.
There's some extra ones in the desk.
We'll head out in a while.
They went out barhopping.
You need to grow a beard to be a hipster. And lose twenty pounds.
I need to break free.
Do you think breaking the dishes was symbolic?
It's my only copy.
Be careful with the edges. They're sharp.
Don't be so morbid.
What's your passcode?
I can't remember any of my passwords.
Leave your device in the box.
I can't get that Joan Baez song out of my head.
Joe and Caroline are taking care of our dog.
Tom was the guest of honor.
Listening to her vocals is like running a cheese grater against my brain.
I should go back to school and become a poet.
Mary demanded to look through Tom's text messages.
"Brave hearts, the land that bore / your sires shall nurse their Dardan sons again. / Seek out your ancient mother; from her shore / through all the world the AEneian house shall reign, / and sons of sons unborn the lasting line sustain."
Why am I powerless in this situation?
Tom and his friends pretended to be Australian while barhopping to meet girls.
Tom quickly discovered that Mary's accent was fake.
I have a full tank of gas.
Lesbian sex scenes in television and movies are becoming passé.
What's the difference between passé and blasé?
Tom is trying to market a new sports drink.
Tom puts chili powder on his watermelon slices.
Squash flowers can be prepared as an appetizer.
Do you spend more time with your friends or your family?
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers do you have?
Mary spent the entire day online.
Nowadays are we ever offline?
Are you Swedish?
He's either Swiss or Swedish. I can't remember.
Is it charging?
They are having difficulties and they have asked for our help.
Why are thinking so hard about my response?
Your friends are not very intelligent.
It starts with a simple flirtation and it ends with a ring on the finger.
Could I see your papers?
Tom must have gone crazy!
The post-election violence has claimed five victims.
Maria has an excellent memory.
The greatest mistake you can make is to live poor so you can die rich.
God destroyed the liberal cities of Sodom and Gomorra.
What would you do if you went blind?
Are you having a good day?
The puppy licked her cheek.
The puppy was born without a tail.
Tom spent the entire day online.
Did the shirt that Tom gave you fit?
I'm not feeling too great.
Tom creates music playlists for retail shops.
Tom and Mary went to the farmers market.
Tom sells vegetables in his stall at the farmers market.
Tom ordered room service.
Mary prefers to lie.
Tom and Mary drove to Boston.
Can you hang out for a few minutes?
She's jeopardizing her career.
No, I think it's pretty stupid.
Can you call me back when you have a chance?
Tom was preoccupied with his hobby.
Don't underestimate Tom's coping ability.
Tom is able to adapt to stressful situations.
I think what Tom did was pretty stupid.
I think your plan is pretty stupid.
I think it would be pretty stupid to do that.
Stop breaking into our neighbor's cars!
Doing that would be pretty stupid.
Please do that if you get the chance.
I hope I get a chance to do that.
Is there any chance that Tom will be there?
Is there any chance Tom will be there?
Mary likes to wear strips and plaid.
Tom was wearing a plaid shirt.
Tom was wearing a blue and white striped shirt.
Can you leave work early?
Let me change into something comfortable.
Is she normal?
I need to go change into something warmer.
I guess I'd better change into something warmer.
Let me change into something more comfortable.
In truth, whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Would it be OK if I left work early today?
What you're wearing isn't appropriate for where we're going.
Tom felt the cool wind in his hair.
The bar closed early due the approaching wildfire.
Tom's neck is sore.
Tom was interviewed by the local TV station.
I always naturally hated drinking.
Every man's reason is, and must be, his guide; and I may as well expect that every man should be of my size and complexion, as that he should reason just as I do.
I really know nothing more criminal, more mean, and more ridiculous than lying.
Is that how Tom usually behaves?
Is that how you usually do that?
Tom likes going out with Mary.
Tom likes hanging out with Mary.
Wash the apple before you eat it.
Drop the piece and put your hands where I can see 'em. Nice and easy.
Good choice!
Nicely done, kid.
Wash the apple before you eat it, Tom!
We subsisted on what we could find in the forest.
We lived off what we could find in the forest.
We lived on what we could find in the forest.
"Considering humans are monkeys, they're not very nimble in the trees." "Some monkeys live on the ground, Tom."
The waiters always went out of their way to treat Tom as pleasantly as they could, because it was well-known that he tipped generously when he was satisfied.
Tom hasn't called the fire department yet.
Tom withdrew his application for the job.
There are more and more people that are fighting against pollution.
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket; and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
Every man seeks for truth; but God only knows who has found it.
It is the man who tells, or who acts a lie, that is guilty, and not he who honestly and sincerily believes the lie.
I would not put a thief in my mouth to steal my brains.
Yitzhak never served in the Israeli army.
Yitzhak worked in a Palestinian refugee camp.
This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish. This is what Donald Trump said despite the fact that the United States doesn't have an official language.
Donald Trump made racist comments.
"Down with the Mexicans that don't learn the language of the world." "Really? So you think that English should be the language of the world?"
A Palestinian child was killed by the Israeli army on Friday.
Is this newsworthy?
Tom is an environmental activist.
Support is uniform for the agreement.
Canada is the source of all the world's problems.
Tom makes so many mistakes, but he has a big heart.
I know how to say I'm sorry in twelve languages.
You spoke so sadly. Why?
You seem delusional.
Are you still having foot problems?
How often we take for granted our gift of life. We destroy ourselves to impress others who wouldn't notice us anyway.
It is sad that people with nothing are happier than you when you have everything.
Sweeping the floor is therapeutic for one's mind.
Is this positive news?
Half of one's life is a pathetic case of Schadenfreude. The other half is wallowing in one's own misery.
Tom never questioned his existence.
My hands are stained with ink.
Painters wear work clothes covered in paint from previous jobs.
How can you ever be satisfied?
French and Japanese films seem to exist on the opposite ends of the human spectrum.
Is it just me? Or do you concur?
Have I been exposed to the pathogen?
You must befriend the bacteria that live in your gut.
Your coffee always drills a hole straight through me.
Mary's kitchen was abuzz with bubbling pots and frying cheese.
I'm rubber, you're glue.
I'm rubber, you're glue. Your words bounce off me and stick to you.
Do you ladies need some help?
Do you girls need some help?
Tom and Mary ran into the water.
Who do you think is going to move into the house next door?
The parking lot was half full.
I don't understand your reaction.
The film was entertaining.
Why do you only watch zombie films?
Tom became a zombie and then he bit Mary.
Tom is full of beer and BBQ chicken wings.
"Tom, my clothing line is anti-fashion," said Mary.
Tom unstrapped the watch from his wrist.
Mary unstrapped her bikini top.
Mary lay face down on her towel and unstrapped her bikini top to ensure an even tan.
Tom relaxed in his hammock.
The hammock swayed gently.
The hammock swayed gently under the trees.
Relax your entire body.
Tom lives in a thatched hut on the beach.
There are several thatched huts on the beach.
Mary smiled seductively.
Try to cheer him up.
Try to cheer her up.
Only Tom would have known that.
Only Tom would know that.
Tom wore flip-flops.
This offer ends soon.
Log on to my website.
This party is off the hook.
The meadow was covered with wildflowers.
The boat exploded and caught fire.
The two-story duplex exploded due to flood water.
Tom lay down in the soft grass.
Tom lay down in the cool grass.
Tom lay down in the cool grass and looked up at the sky.
Tom lay down in the grass and looked up at the sky.
Tom lay down in the grass.
Tom lay down in the grass and looked up at the blue sky.
Charging a cell phone shouldn't rule one's life.
Tom lay down in the grass and looked up at the sky, with his hands behind his head.
What happened between you and Mary?
Tom painted the table and the chairs.
She dressed herself hastily.
This cloud looks a little bit like a squirrel.
"Happy Canada Day," tweeted Tom.
There was no motive.
This week is critical.
This cloud looks a bit like a squirrel.
This cloud looks a bit like a dog.
Tom and Mary lay down side by side on the grass.
Tom and Mary lay down side by side on the grass and looked at the clouds.
Tom hosted a cookout in his backyard.
Tom hosted a cookout for Canada Day.
There's too much hate in the world and not enough love.
Why is there so much hate in the world?
I tried not to show my fear.
Tom tried not to show his fear.
Mary tried not to show her fear.
Tom has balls of steel.
I suddenly felt tired.
Mary suddenly felt tired.
This song is stupid.
Tom laughed sarcastically.
Mary laughed sarcastically.
She laughed sarcastically.
There were lots of fireflies.
Tom stood at the edge of the clearing.
The firefly was eaten by a toad.
The fly was eaten by a dragonfly.
The dragonfly was eaten by a frog.
The policeman cuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
You look awfully tired.
It made Tom's head hurt to think about all those things.
Tom listened to the chirping of the birds.
Tom was awakened by Mary's voice.
Mary was awakened by Tom's voice.
She had never seen him laugh.
He had never seen her laugh.
You're starting to get the hang of it.
I'm not helpless, you know.
Tom and Mary both lay down in the grass, exhausted.
She looked like a princess.
This is a limited-time offer.
This is the extraordinary story of a boy called Tom.
Tom told me that he is planning to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom sank into the hammock.
Tom hung the laundry in the backyard.
Tom is a hearty eater.
How many animals of each kind did Moses bring on the ark?
The girls laughed at him.
The girls laughed at her.
The boys laughed at him.
The boys laughed at her.
The girls laughed at Tom.
The boys laughed at Tom.
Tom owns an orange grove in Florida.
Tom lives in Orange County.
Fresh vegetables from the farmers market taste so much better than the bland and old produce from the grocery.
Eggplant and cheese makes a great vegetarian meal.
Tom memorized the entire poem.
Tom recited the poem in front of the class.
Every student must learn a poem and recite it in front of the class.
Tom, step up to the front of the class and recite your poem.
Tom stood in front of the class and recited the poem.
Tom made an embarrassing mistake.
Tom is afraid that he will forget his poem and everyone will laugh at him.
Tom was overwhelmed with shame.
What's your favorite brain teaser?
I'd pay to see that.
I'm so clumsy.
I forgot my nail clippers.
Tom should be in the lab.
I could use a little coffee.
It wasn't fun anymore.
It has no effect on me.
Rice is full of carbs.
I doubt that it's possible.
Tom's food lab invented a new cheese spread that contains no real cheese.
Are they laughing at me?
Those shoes are too tight.
Your jeans are too tight.
That shirt looks hideous.
Mary spent all afternoon daydreaming about anti-fashion.
To solve the Palestinian problem, we should dissolve the United Nations and return to Biblical times.
All the countries of the world should be governed by the civilized rules of international law and human rights, except for that part of the world called Palestine. There, only Biblical rules should apply to the Palestinians.
Will Tom be here today?
What is your e-mail address?
Tom did the dishes even though no one asked him to.
That link is staying blue.
Her soul was in heaven.
This program has an unintuitive user interface.
This program has an intuitive user interface.
Tom filled out a form.
Tom has a large ego.
Does Netanyahu really represent all of world Jewry?
Netanyahu claims that he represents all of world Jewry.
Does Netanyahu really have the right to commit war crimes in the name of all world Jews?
Netanyahu should be arrested for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
With Netanyahu, Israel is regressing into barbarism.
Because Israel lost a war in Lebanon in 2006, it led many massive bombardment campaigns in Gaza to try to restore its deterrence capacity.
Israel usually uses excessive force in Gaza.
The people of Gaza are living under a crippling blockade.
The Palestinians of Gaza are living under an inhuman blockade imposed by Israel.
Israel attacked Lebanon in June 1982.
Israel uses high-tech killing machines to target densely populated areas in Gaza.
Militarily speaking, Gaza is utterly defenseless. That's why the IDF chooses this area to flex its muscles.
In Gaza, there are a lot of unemployed civil engineers.
If you purchased this book without a cover you should be aware that this book is stolen property. It was reported as "unsold and destroyed" to the publisher, and neither the author nor the publisher has received any payment for this "stripped book".
Israel remains the occupying power in the Palestinian territories.
Innocent Palestinians are dying in Gaza.
Why do the Palestinians have to bear the Israeli inhuman occupation?
Some Israeli officials say that the Palestinians don't exist and they are mere fiction.
Some Israel supporters claim that the occupation of Palestine doesn't exist and everything that journalists and historians report is just fiction.
Not even Ariel Sharon denied the existence of the Palestinians. Yet we have people who are far less barbaric than Sharon, claiming that there is no such thing as the Palestinian people.
Some Israeli officials deny the existence of the Palestinians and the occupation of their lands.
The memory of the Holocaust is abused for political purposes.
The Palestinians are suffering unbearably in Gaza and the West Bank.
Would you mind setting the table for dinner?
Both Trump and Netanyahu are rude.
Sherlock Holmes was a man who seldom took exercise for exercise's sake.
He was undoubtedly one of the finest boxers of his weight that I have ever seen.
He seldom bestirred himself save when there was some professional object to be served.
His diet was usually of the sparest, and his habits were simple to the verge of austerity.
Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he had no vices.
Save for the occasional use of cocaine, he had no vices, and he only turned to the drug as a protest against the monotony of existence when cases were scanty and the papers uninteresting.
One day in early spring he had so far relaxed as to go for a walk with me in the Park, where the first faint shoots of green were breaking out upon the elms, and the sticky spear-heads of the chestnuts were just beginning to burst into their five-fold leaves.
For two hours we rambled about together, in silence for the most part, as befits two men who know each other intimately.
It was nearly five before we were back in Baker Street once more.
"Beg pardon, sir," said our page-boy, as he opened the door. "There's been a gentleman here asking for you, sir."
Holmes glanced reproachfully at me.
I never thought it would be easy.
Has this gentleman gone, then?
How long did he wait?
He was a very restless gentleman, sir, a-walkin' and a-stampin' all the time he was here.
Those were his very words, sir.
Is that man never going to come?
I'll be back before long.
"Well, well, you did your best," said Holmes, as we walked into our room.
That's not your pipe on the table. He must have left his behind him.
Tom and Mary both lay down on the grass, exhausted.
Another school year was about to begin.
Another school year is about to begin.
The police obtained a warrant to search Tom's apartment.
The man must value the pipe highly when he prefers to patch it up rather than buy a new one with the same money.
Holmes was turning the pipe about in his hand, and staring at it in his peculiar pensive way.
Tom lay down in the grass and looked at the stars.
"Pipes are occasionally of extraordinary interest," said he. "Nothing has more individuality, save perhaps watches and bootlaces."
Tom and Mary lay down in the grass and looked at the stars.
The owner of this pipe is obviously a muscular man, left-handed, with an excellent set of teeth, careless in his habits, and with no need to practise economy.
My friend threw out the information in a very offhand way, but I saw that he cocked his eye at me to see if I had followed his reasoning.
"You think a man must be well-to-do if he smokes a seven-shilling pipe," said I.
An instant later our door opened, and a tall young man entered the room.
He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-grey suit.
He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-grey suit, and carried a brown wide-awake in his hand.
"I beg your pardon," said he, with some embarrassment; "I suppose I should have knocked."
Horses for courses, or courses for horses?
Tom and Mary sat on a hillside and watched the fireworks together.
We watched fireworks together.
The fireworks burst in the sky.
Our family honor is at stake.
Our family honour is at stake.
He passed his hand over his forehead like a man who is half dazed, and then fell rather than sat down upon a chair.
"I can see that you have not slept for a night or two," said Holmes, in his easy, genial way.
"I can see that you have not slept for a night or two," said Holmes, in his easy, genial way. "That tries a man's nerves more than work, and more even than pleasure. "
"May I ask how I can help you?" "I wanted your advice, sir. I don't know what to do and my whole life seems to have gone to pieces."
Mary remembered the last time they had watched fireworks together.
Tom remembered the last time they had watched fireworks together.
"You wish to employ me as a consulting detective?" "Not that only. I want your opinion as a judicious man—as a man of the world."
I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope to God you'll be able to tell me.
He spoke in little, sharp, jerky outbursts, and it seemed to me that to speak at all was very painful to him, and that his will all through was overriding his inclinations.
"It's a very delicate thing," said he. "One does not like to speak of one's domestic affairs to strangers. It seems dreadful to discuss the conduct of one's wife with two men whom I have never seen before."
Our visitor sprang from his chair.
"My dear Mr. Grant Munro—" began Holmes.
"What!" he cried, "you know my name?"
"If you wish to preserve your incognito," said Holmes, smiling, "I would suggest that you cease to write your name upon the lining of your hat, or else that you turn the crown towards the person whom you are addressing."
The clouds were lit from below.
The clouds were lit from below by the fireworks.
Tom avoided her gaze.
Mary avoided his gaze.
Tom avoided Mary's gaze.
I thought that he liked me as much as I liked him.
I thought that Tom liked me as much as I liked him.
I thought that she liked me as much as I liked her.
I thought that Mary liked me as much as I liked her.
My friend and I have listened to a good many strange secrets in this room, and we have had the good fortune to bring peace to many troubled souls.
It was one of the most beautiful things Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the most beautiful things Mary had ever seen.
It was one of the prettiest things Tom had ever seen.
It was one of the prettiest things Mary had ever seen.
Might I beg you, as time may prove to be of importance, to furnish me with the facts of your case without further delay?
It was one of the most beautiful things that Tom had ever seen.
Our visitor again passed his hand over his forehead.
From every gesture and expression I could see that he was a reserved, self-contained man, with a dash of pride in his nature, more likely to hide his wounds than to expose them.
Tom paid his bill late.
Tom paid his bill late because he did not have enough money.
I take it you speak from personal experience?
Do you speak from personal experience?
The FBI agents arrested the bank robber.
Belgium defeated Japan in the World Cup.
It's a great chance for Tom.... and he scores!
What a comeback!
Lightning kills and injures Canadians every year.
When thunder roars, go indoors!
Fireworks exploded overhead.
Do I look cool?
The laundry basket is full.
That was the beginning of all his misfortunes.
That was the beginning of all my misfortunes.
That was the beginning of all her misfortunes.
Remember why you started.
Those with dementia have a diminished capacity for language.
Apparently this cream revitalizes your skin.
Unfortunately if you have a problem with it, you'll have to follow the grievance procedure as outlined in the employee handbook.
Tom felt lackluster.
Why do people choose death?
We aren't supposed to eat such nasty things.
There should be a law against it.
Tom loves vaporwave aesthetic art.
Is the potato diet safe?
How do you know what I'm thinking?
Do you want a smoothie?
I love potato salad!
I love potato anything!
Tom was sad because he knew there was only ten minutes of sunshine left.
The robots were nocturnal.
Is there like a warlord training school or summer camp?
Welcome to the next generation of autonomous vehicles.
Caramel is just burnt sugar.
You're like a broken record.
Juicing is stupid. Just eat fruit.
The machines will kill our fat asses.
I just farted. Run!
Do you want a foot massage?
How long did Tom wait?
Tom helped Mary fill out the form.
Tom washed the dishes even though no one asked him to.
You have beautiful feet.
You need to cut your toenails.
Cut your fingernails.
The dog loves going for a ride in the car.
Do you want to try a sip?
Do you have any lotion?
The dog had an accident.
Where exactly did you lose it?
Stop telling lies.
Honestly you can't find it?
Your report is due tomorrow.
That's an issue.
Turn your books to the next page.
Listen to my instruction.
How many laps?
What was your time?
You really have to question why the Amish are as successful as they are without using modern technology.
Tom is a conscientious objector.
Tom was court-martialed.
In short, let it be your maxim through life to know all you can know, yourself; and never to trust implicitly to the information of others. This rule has been of infinite service to me in the course of my life.
Tom is an arrogant schmuck.
I know nothing!
Never put off anything till tomorrow that could be done today.
Tom bought a bottle of olive oil.
In truth, whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well; and nothing can be done well without attention: I therefore carry the necessity of attention down to the lowest things.
You may remember, that I have always earnestly recommended to you, to do what you are about, be that what it will; and to do nothing else at the same time.
There is time enough for everything, in the course of the day, if you do but one thing at once; but there is not time enough in the year, if you will do two things at a time.
Sorry for not responding earlier to your message, I was busy.
Common sense (which, in truth, is very uncommon) is the best sense I know of: abide by it; it will counsel you best.
Do you think I don't care about you? If you think so, then that is your misunderstanding.
Gaza is the world's largest concentration camp.
How's life in Gaza.
This is how life is in Gaza.
Gaza has passed the unlivability threshold.
97% of Gaza's water is contaminated.
Israel slapped draconian sanctions on Gaza.
Stop leaving clothes all over the floor.
I left a gift under her pillow.
The construction of the hospital will be completed soon.
Thanks to his advice I saved up a large sum of money.
I'm shorter than she.
It was you who suggested this film.
Don't shoot until I give the order.
Arabic is a beautiful language.
In societies dominated by modern conditions of production, life is presented as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has receded into a representation.
The images detached from every aspect of life merge into a common stream in which the unity of that life can no longer be recovered. Fragmented views of reality regroup themselves into a new unity as a separate pseudoworld that can only be looked at. The specialization of images of the world evolves into a world of autonomized images where even the deceivers are deceived. The spectacle is a concrete inversion of life, an autonomous movement of the nonliving.
The spectacle presents itself simultaneously as society itself, as a part of society, and as a means of unification. As a part of society, it is the focal point of all vision and all consciousness. But due to the very fact that this sector is separate, it is in reality the domain of delusion and false consciousness: the unification it achieves is nothing but an official language of universal separation.
The spectacle is not a collection of images; it is a social relation between people that is mediated by images.
The spectacle cannot be understood as a mere visual deception produced by mass-media technologies. It is a worldview that has actually been materialized, a view of a world that has become objective.
Tom claims to have seen a plesiosaur in the lake.
Mary has wanted to be a paleontologist ever since she first saw a drawing of a plesiosaur.
Tom became obsessed with space and astronomy.
Mary became obsessed with science and astronomy.
Tom has a deep passion for music.
Tom played Big Fat Mama on the piano.
Never again did he see her after that day.
He was very handsome.
The facts are these, Mr. Holmes.
I am a married man, and have been so for three years.
During that time my wife and I have loved each other as fondly and lived as happily as any two that ever were joined.
I am a married man, and have been so for three years. During that time my wife and I have loved each other as fondly and lived as happily as any two that ever were joined. We have not had a difference, not one, in thought or word or deed.
And now, since last Monday, there has suddenly sprung up a barrier between us, and I find that there is something in her life and in her thought of which I know as little as if she were the woman who brushes by me in the street.
We are estranged, and I want to know why.
Now there is one thing that I want to impress upon you before I go any further, Mr. Holmes. Effie loves me. Don't let there be any mistake about that.
She loves me with her whole heart and soul.
I don't want to argue about that.
A man can tell easily enough when a woman loves him.
A woman can tell easily enough when a man loves her.
I'll tell you what I know about Effie's history.
She was a widow when I first met her.
She was a widow when I met her first, though quite young—only twenty-five.
Her name then was Mrs. Hebron.
She went out to America when she was young, and lived in the town of Atlanta.
She went out to America when she was young, and lived in the town of Atlanta, where she married this Hebron, who was a lawyer with a good practice.
They had one child.
The yellow fever broke out badly in the place, and both husband and child died of it.
I have seen his death certificate.
This sickened her of America, and she came back to live with a maiden aunt at Pinner, in Middlesex.
I may mention that her husband had left her comfortably off, and that she had a capital of about four thousand five hundred pounds, which had been so well invested by him that it returned an average of seven per cent.
Tom's father taught him about the stars.
The Israeli army shoots and kills unarmed Palestinian people.
You're entitled to your own opinion but not your own facts.
Tom, where are you? I'm dying here.
We fell in love with each other, and we married a few weeks afterwards.
I've seen Tom's death certificate.
I've seen Tom's birth certificate.
My wife and I were just as happy as could be wished.
There's one thing I ought to tell you before I go further.
Tom and Mary have only one child.
Tom and Mary only have one child.
It was the first time that there had ever been any secret between us.
Just because it's possible to do it, doesn't mean you should do it.
The cottage had been standing empty this eight months, and it was a pity, for it was a pretty two storied place, with an old-fashioned porch and honeysuckle about it.
As I looked, I suddenly became aware that a face was watching me out of one of the upper windows.
I don't know what there was about that face, Mr. Holmes, but it seemed to send a chill right down my back.
There was something unnatural and inhuman about the face.
I moved quickly forwards to get a nearer view of the person who was watching me. But as I did so the face suddenly disappeared.
I could not tell if the face were that of a man or a woman.
I approached and knocked at the door, which was instantly opened by a tall, gaunt woman with a harsh, forbidding face.
"What may you be wantin'?" she asked, in a Northern accent. "I am your neighbour over yonder," said I, nodding towards my house. "I see that you have only just moved in, so I thought that if I could be of any help to you in any—" "Ay, we'll just ask ye when we want ye," said she, and shut the door in my face.
Tom has a knack for math.
Annoyed at the churlish rebuff, I turned my back and walked home.
All evening, though I tried to think of other things, my mind would turn to the apparition at the window.
She is a nervous, highly strung woman.
I am usually an extremely sound sleeper.
It has been a standing jest in the family that nothing could ever wake me during the night.
I slept much more lightly than usual.
Half in my dreams I was dimly conscious that something was going on in the room.
I gradually became aware that my wife had dressed herself and was slipping on her mantle and her bonnet.
She was deadly pale and breathing fast, glancing furtively towards the bed as she fastened her mantle, to see if she had disturbed me.
Then, thinking that I was still asleep, she slipped noiselessly from the room, and an instant later I heard a sharp creaking which could only come from the hinges of the front door.
I sat up in bed and rapped my knuckles against the rail to make certain that I was truly awake.
Then I took my watch from under the pillow.
What on this earth could my wife be doing out on the country road at three in the morning?
This is not what I had in mind.
I sat for about twenty minutes turning the thing over in my mind and trying to find some possible explanation.
The more I thought, the more extraordinary and inexplicable did it appear.
"Where in the world have you been, Effie?" I asked as she entered.
She gave a violent start and a kind of gasping cry when I spoke, and that cry and start troubled me more than all the rest, for there was something indescribably guilty about them.
My wife had always been a woman of a frank, open nature, and it gave me a chill to see her slinking into her own room, and crying out and wincing when her own husband spoke to her.
I thought that nothing could awake you.
"Where have you been?" I asked, more sternly.
I could see that her fingers were trembling as she undid the fastenings of her mantle.
I never remember having done such a thing in my life before.
The fact is that I felt as though I were choking, and had a perfect longing for a breath of fresh air. I really think that I should have fainted if I had not gone out. I stood at the door for a few minutes, and now I am quite myself again.
All the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction, and her voice was quite unlike her usual tones. It was evident to me that she was saying what was false.
All the time that she was telling me this story she never once looked in my direction.
It was evident to me that she was saying what was false.
I said nothing in reply, but turned my face to the wall, sick at heart, with my mind filled with a thousand venomous doubts and suspicions.
What was it that my wife was concealing from me?
Where had she been during that strange expedition?
All the rest of the night I tossed and tumbled, framing theory after theory, each more unlikely than the last.
I should have gone to the City that day, but I was too disturbed in my mind to be able to pay attention to business matters.
My wife seemed to be as upset as myself, and I could see from the little questioning glances which she kept shooting at me that she understood that I disbelieved her statement, and that she was at her wits' end what to do.
We hardly exchanged a word during breakfast.
Immediately afterwards I went out for a walk, that I might think the matter out in the fresh morning air.
I went as far as the Crystal Palace.
Do you have a Syrian passport?
It happened that my way took me past the cottage, and I stopped for an instant to look at the windows, and to see if I could catch a glimpse of the strange face which had looked out at me on the day before.
As I stood there, imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when the door suddenly opened and my wife walked out.
I was struck dumb with astonishment at the sight of her.
I was struck dumb with astonishment at the sight of her; but my emotions were nothing to those which showed themselves upon her face when our eyes met.
She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back inside the house again; and then, seeing how useless all concealment must be, she came forward, with a very white face and frightened eyes which belied the smile upon her lips.
"Ah, Jack," she said, "I have just been in to see if I can be of any assistance to our new neighbours."
Why do you look at me like that, Jack?
Why do you look at me like that, Jack? You are not angry with me?
"So," said I, "this is where you went during the night."
"What do you mean?" she cried.
You came here. I am sure of it.
Who are these people, that you should visit them at such an hour?
I have not been here before.
"How can you tell me what you know is false?" I cried. "Your very voice changes as you speak."
When have I ever had a secret from you?
I shall enter that cottage, and I shall probe the matter to the bottom.
"No, no, Jack, for God's sake!" she gasped, in uncontrollable emotion.
Then, as I approached the door, she seized my sleeve and pulled me back with convulsive strength.
"I implore you not to do this, Jack," she cried.
I implore you not to do this, Tom!
I swear that I will tell you everything some day.
"Trust me, Jack!" she cried.
Trust me only this once. You will never have cause to regret it.
I swear that I'll tell you everything someday.
You know that I would not have a secret from you if it were not for your own sake.
Our whole lives are at stake in this.
If you come home with me, all will be well. If you force your way into that cottage, all is over between us.
There was such earnestness, such despair, in her manner that her words arrested me, and I stood irresolute before the door.
"I will trust you on one condition, and on one condition only," said I at last.
You are at liberty to preserve your secret, but you must promise me that there shall be no more nightly visits, no more doings which are kept from my knowledge.
"I was sure that you would trust me," she cried, with a great sigh of relief.
It shall be just as you wish.
Still pulling at my sleeve, she led me away from the cottage.
As we went I glanced back, and there was that yellow livid face watching us out of the upper window.
What link could there be between that creature and my wife?
It was a strange puzzle, and yet I knew that my mind could never know ease again until I had solved it.
I had gone into town on that day, but I returned by the 2.instead of the 3.36, which is my usual train. As I entered the house the maid ran into the hall with a startled face.
I think that she has gone out for a walk.
My mind was instantly filled with suspicion.
I rushed upstairs to make sure that she was not in the house.
In the cottage lay the secret which was casting a shadow over my life.
In the kitchen a kettle was singing on the fire, and a large black cat lay coiled up in the basket.
There was no one at all in the whole house.
All my suspicions rose into a fierce bitter flame when I saw that on the mantelpiece stood a copy of a full-length photograph of my wife, which had been taken at my request only three months ago.
I stayed long enough to make certain that the house was absolutely empty.
I was too hurt and angry to speak with her.
I am sorry that I broke my promise, Jack.
If you knew all the circumstances I am sure that you would forgive me.
"Tell me everything, then," said I. "I cannot, Jack, I cannot," she cried.
I'm sorry that I broke my promise.
We wondered how Tom did that.
I told Tom we're friends.
Tom broke every bone in his body.
Suddenly, my back seized up.
I think Tom has gone out for a walk.
I implore you not to do that.
Tom and Mary hardly spoke to each other during breakfast.
I'm usually a very sound sleeper.
We fell in love with each other, and we got married a few weeks later.
I'll tell you what I know about that.
I'll tell you what I know about the situation.
I'll tell you what I know about Tom.
Don't shoot until I tell you to.
Don't shoot till I tell you to.
This misery is more than I can bear.
My companion sat silent for some time, with his chin upon his hand, lost in thought.
What do you think of my theory?
"What do you think of my theory?" "It is all surmise."
I met Tom at his house.
Iceland is an island.
Tom was busy all day.
It was a very dark night, and a thin rain began to fall as we turned from the high road into a narrow lane, deeply rutted, with hedges on either side.
Mr. Grant Munro pushed impatiently forward, and we stumbled after him as best we could.
I had a presentiment that you would come this evening.
"I have trusted you too long, Effie," he cried, sternly.
As he threw the door open an old woman ran out in front of him and tried to bar his passage, but he thrust her back.
It was a cosy, well-furnished apartment, with two candles burning upon the table and two upon the mantelpiece.
In the corner, stooping over a desk, there sat what appeared to be a little girl.
Her face was turned away as we entered, but we could see that she was dressed in a red frock, and that she had long white gloves on.
She drew a large silver locket from her bosom. "You have never seen this open." "I understood that it did not open."
Tom isn't as spry as he used to be.
The whiskey has been watered down.
Everything here is loaded with gluten.
Tom was brutally rejected.
Tom is friends with Mary by association with Todd.
He gave me a dirty look.
The places with the long lines are the worst.
Tom wants to sleep on the beach.
I'll have the fish and chips.
Tom's friends went outside to smoke.
The fireworks display was cancelled.
My parents bought a place in Baja.
It was fucking sketchy.
"Sketchy" is a popular slang word.
Tom set the precedence.
Is everything alright down here?
I'll have garlic fries.
The price has not changed in years.
I like to go out with my buddies.
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
I'll take a chicken Parmesan and a spider roll.
We reserve the right to refuse service.
You're an idiot. Don't come back.
How do you want your steak?
Do you want chicken fingers?
"Ranch or blue cheese with your salad?" "Can we get both?"
I got a parking ticket today.
That's because they're vicious.
I need to bring my skateboard tomorrow.
I'm still good.
How many pictures of the sunset can I take?
I think you're just making these up.
I forgot my tools.
Do you want a couple of minutes?
Order me another.
Order me another one.
Someone sprayed mace and everyone started coughing.
Let's order another pitcher of beer.
Everyone cleared out of the restaurant after the pepper spray incident.
I wish you would use yourself to translate, every day, only three or four lines, from any book, in any language, into the correctest and most elegant English that you can think of; you cannot imagine how it will insensibly form your style, and give you an habitual elegancy: it would not take you up a quarter of an hour in a day.
I likewise desire that, while you are in Germany, you will take all opportunities of conversing in German, which is the only way of knowing that, or any other language accurately.
Perseverance has surprising effects.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
It's been a week since I've seen Tom.
Tom went outside to smoke.
Tom and his friends went outside to smoke.
Benjamin Netanyahu is widely despised by American Jews.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that by themselves.
Tom is unlikely to do that by himself.
Tom isn't likely to do that by himself.
I wish Tom had waited for me.
Life is beautiful. No one said it was simple.
Anarchists believe society can function by mutual aid.
Tatoeba is an example of mutual aid.
Mutual aid does not require that people like each other, only that they have a common need.
Matza balls are my heritage; falafels are not.
The animal species, in which individual struggle has been reduced to its narrowest limits, and the practice of mutual aid has attained the greatest development, are invariably the most numerous, the most prosperous, and the most open to further progress.
For industrial progress, as for each other conquest over nature, mutual aid and close intercourse certainly are, as they have been, much more advantageous than mutual struggle.
Tom began to stutter.
What is Operation Cast Lead?
When did Operation Protective Edge take place?
Gaza is a defenseless area.
It is very painful to read about Gaza.
High-tech massacres have been taking place in Gaza.
The Goldstone Report created hysteria.
Under international law, the blockade on Gaza has to be lifted unconditionally.
Israel could have flooded the Gaza-Egypt tunnels without annihilating the Palestinian enclave.
Israel could have destroyed the Hamas tunnels without killing thousands of innocent civilians in Gaza.
19,homes in Gaza were rendered uninhabitable by Israeli attacks.
Israel should lift the blockade it imposed on Gaza.
Israel's barbaric actions are indefensible.
Straight rose a joyous uproar; each in turn / ask what the walls that Phoebus hath designed? / Which way to wander, whither to return?
"Peace be upon you." "Peace be upon you, too."
My name is Dan.
Tom aced the test.
Tom aced the math test.
Tom aced the exam.
Then spake my sire, revolving in his mind / the ancient legends of the Trojan kind, / "Chieftains, give ear, and learn your hopes and mine."
"Jove's island lies, amid the deep enshrined, / Crete, hundred-towned, a land of corn and wine, / where Ida's mountain stands, the cradle of our line."
Have you ever played tennis with Tom?
Have you ever eaten at the restaurant where Tom works?
All three of those men were carpenters.
I don't like fireworks.
Tom was consumed by hatred.
That would be four years.
I went to a bunch of their games.
Why are soccer players sure pansies?
Are you doing any food?
I'm a bureaucrat.
It's watered down.
Let's climb down these rocks.
I've cut my shin open.
She went to the University of Nebraska at Kearney and spoke with strange accent were everything she said sounded like a question.
They were organized.
I reached out because he runs a hotel chain.
I have objected to the last three items.
How much have we spent?
It'll cost two hundred dollars.
I think I've sprained my back.
Africa is a continent.
The rulers are more afraid of peace than war.
Gluten intolerance can cause inflammation and joint pain.
The fireworks started early and ended early.
Their voices lilt when they're happy regardless of their language.
The circumstances were raggedy.
He was so logical and boring.
Tom crapped his pants.
Tom is not allowed in downtown proper anymore.
He was the kind of guy who made everything he said the equivalent of a dog fart.
Mary is really great. She cooked a wonderful dinner for me and even washed the dishes herself.
Why would I ever do that?
Why would anyone do that to themselves?
Why would anybody do that to themselves?
Who knew Tom would do that?
We're not going to be able to do that.
We aren't going to be able to do that.
If Tom could do that, he would've already done it.
If Tom could do that, he would've already done so.
I wish they'd arrest more tourists.
If you want me to do that, just tell me.
Why would I let Tom do that?
Why would I ask Tom to do that?
Why should I let Tom do that?
Are you sure that Tom wants to do that?
Are you sure that you want to do that?
There's no one here who can help me do that.
Have you had enough to eat?
Did you get enough to eat?
If I had enough money, I'd buy that car.
Some children are swimming in the pond.
I'm going on the potato diet.
I'm full of aches and pains.
I think my back is wrenched.
There was a spill on the highway.
Tom became a highwayman.
There's a bit of a competition going on here.
Please hold your tongue.
I'll be back with more supplies tomorrow.
I'm going to start a water fast.
Gluten is real and it makes people sick.
The only way forward is with willpower.
There is some unfinished business.
Are you the rightful owner?
My cellphone has no service.
I'm tired of all this rigamarole.
That wasn't very easy to take.
There's a long story surrounding it.
I think I understand how you are feeling.
I'm sweating it out.
Let's talk tomorrow.
He crushed the insect with his heel.
Music is the most beautiful art for telling someone how you really feel about them.
Where is Gaza?
Can Gaza survive another massive attack?
We shouldn't be talking about Gaza. Let's just talk about hamsters.
Sami saw the helicopter and waved his arms.
Sami smiled and waved.
Sami tried to wave his arm.
Sami waved his arms.
Sami waved to Layla as she was driving away.
"Thence Troy's great sire, if I remember right, / old Teucer, to Rhoeteum crossed the flood, / and for his future kingdom chose a site."
Palestinian children were arrested in June 2018.
The Palestinian children that were arrested in June are being held in the Ofer prison.
of the Palestinian children that were arrested in June are under 16.
As of July 2018, Palestinian children were detained in the Ofer prison.
Is it forbidden to talk about the Palestinians, too?
Life in the West Bank and Gaza isn't fun at all for the Palestinians.
Palestinian children are tried in military courts.
When there is a curfew in Hebron, no Palestinian is allowed to get out of their house.
Palestinians were killed in a Hebron mosque in 1994.
There is no school today for the Palestinians in Hebron.
The curfew was on and the Palestinian children were not allowed to go to school.
Palestinian children are turned away at gunpoint from going to their schools.
Every Palestinian child in Hebron has the right to go to school.
Every child in the world has the right to go to school, including Palestinian children in the occupied territories.
"Nor yet proud Ilion nor her towers had stood; / in lowly vales sequestered they abode."
Tom jumped the queue.
Tom jumped the queue in front of me.
Tom cut me off in line.
Tom cut the line.
Tom cut me in line.
"Thence Corybantian cymbals clashed and brayed / in praise of Cybele. In Ida's wood / her mystic rites in secrecy were paid, / and lions, yoked in pomp, their sovereign's car conveyed."
Israeli military courts have a 99.74% conviction rate.
You two have fun.
You two have fun while I'm gone.
Did you two have fun while I was gone?
Where are you going to stay in Hawaii?
Where are you going to stay in Boston?
Tom forced himself to smile.
Mary forced herself to smile.
Spiders can detect electric fields.
Spiders use electric fields to fly around the world.
Tom and Mary have a cricket farm.
I first read this book when I was about 20.
Whatever happened between Tom and me isn't any of your business.
Did anything happen between you and him?
Tom loves his family.
Maybe you should tell him the truth.
Maybe you should tell her the truth.
I don't have anything planned today.
Tom pulled her close.
I didn't have anything planned for today.
She fell for it.
He fell for it.
Tom fell for it.
A raisin is a dried grape.
I was surprised, therefore, when, one morning in June, as I sat reading the British Medical Journal after breakfast, I heard a ring at the bell, followed by the high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice.
"Ah, my dear Watson," said he, striding into the room, "I am very delighted to see you!"
I should wish nothing better than to have some more of such experiences.
The man whom I found myself facing was a well built, fresh-complexioned young fellow, with a frank, honest face and a slight, crisp, yellow moustache.
He wore a very shiny top hat and a neat suit of sober black.
His round, ruddy face was naturally full of cheeriness, but the corners of his mouth seemed to me to be pulled down in a half-comical distress.
It was not, however, until we were all in a first-class carriage and well started upon our journey to Birmingham that I was able to learn what the trouble was which had driven him to Sherlock Holmes.
Mary lost the key.
Have you watched Disney movies before?
I can't speak French or English.
This doesn't last very long.
He is a specialist in sustainable development.
I'm going to go out for a smoke.
My father did a lot of construction in Fort Meyers.
Take your time, guys. Let me know if you have any questions.
Do you have any schnapps?
I do have three seats down towards the other end.
I need to get an early start tomorrow.
Welcome to the restaurant industry.
Tom didn't talk to me the next time I saw him at the cafe.
Tom is kinda weird.
Mary is weird like that.
I wish I spoke Spanish.
I sat on the rocky cliff over the beach and watched the ocean waves until the sunset.
Is "super caloric" a Spanish word?
I'll just take the check. Thanks!
I'd like a Cobb salad without blue cheese and bacon.
Are you sick of tourists yet?
I have to fly between franchises.
I'm into skateboarding, surfing, and motocross.
I work as a cook.
I'm in training now.
The town is full of tourists.
That cherry tasted so good.
You could see her on the verge of tears.
I'll have a decaf peppermint tea.
Oh my God, my dog would fall in love with you.
They're not going to make it out of this place.
Thanks, man. Have a good night.
I think someone is sitting there.
She might not be the best fit.
We're trying to pinpoint something.
If you live in California, learning French is impractical.
This tourist looks like Jesus.
There are some lucky souls in the universe.
Excuse me. What time do you close?
Upstairs is open until one.
We close at midnight.
This is my third home.
Entry is free, but there's a two drink minimum.
How does it feel to live in a tourist town?
It's too hot. The bananas aren't selling.
Tom is dope sick.
"Come then and seek we, as the gods command, / the Gnosian kingdoms, and the winds entreat. / Short is the way, nor distant lies the land. / If Jove be present and assist our fleet, / the third day lands us on the shores of Crete."
How sick do you have to be to claim that unarmed protesters were trying to get shot?
I wish I could have told him the truth.
I wish I could have told her the truth.
Maybe you should have told him the truth.
Maybe you should have told her the truth.
Maybe you should have told Tom the truth.
Belgium eliminated Brazil from the World Cup.
Belgium advanced to the semifinals.
Our young companion looked at me with a twinkle in his eye.
"The worst of the story is," said he, "that I show myself up as such a confounded fool.
And now I come to the queer part of the business.
I have heard some really extraordinary stories about your financial ability.
Of course I was pleased to hear this. I had always been pretty sharp in the office, but I had never dreamed that I was talked about in the City in this fashion.
"You have a good memory?" said he. "Pretty fair," I answered, modestly.
The impudent scoundrel!
Those were his very words.
You can imagine, Dr. Watson, how pleased I was at such an extraordinary bit of good fortune.
I took my things to a hotel in New Street.
I took my things to a hotel in New Street, and then I made my way to the address which had been given me.
Some women are attracted to men who wear uniforms.
We don't have that model in stock.
Tom was always one step ahead of me.
I would love to fish with Tom again.
Don't look so downcast, Tom.
Tom, don't feel down.
Tom received a text from Mary.
Mary received a text from Tom.
Mary fixed her hair.
Mary applied makeup.
Don't waste your time with Tom. He's immune to good advice.
Oh, look, they're kissing!
Isn't that cute?
Oh, look! They're kissing.
Oh, look, they're kissing.
I don't feel like going outside.
Tom was jealous of Mary's success.
Mary agonized over what to wear.
You need to be strong.
It's the longest relationship I've ever had.
The pendulum swung back and forth.
Come up with me, and we will talk the matter over.
Don't overwork yourself.
Sherlock Holmes rubbed his hands with delight.
I stared with astonishment at our client.
Then Sherlock Holmes cocked his eye at me, leaning back on the cushions with a pleased and yet critical face, like a connoisseur who has just taken his first sip of a comet vintage.
A comet vintage is a wine produced in a year in which there was a comet.
There's no evidence that comets have any influence on viticulture.
A comet vintage is a wine produced in a year in which there was a great comet.
It would be a rather interesting experience for both of us.
"But how can we do it?" I asked. "Oh, easily enough," said Hall Pycroft, cheerily.
He began biting his nails and staring blankly out of the window.
Who are these gentlemen whom you have brought with you?
"What now?" whispered Holmes. "Is he giving us the slip?"
Holmes sprang frantically across the room and pushed at the door. It was fastened on the inner side.
One hinge snapped, then the other, and down came the door with a crash.
Hand me the water carafe.
Mary poured cold water over Tom's face to wake him up.
Tom poured cold water over Mary's face to wake her up.
I undid his collar and poured the cold water over his face.
You boys ought to be ashamed.
It's only a question of time now.
Holmes stood by the table, with his hands deep in his trousers pockets and his chin upon his breast.
I suppose we ought to call the police in now.
"I must confess that I am out of my depths," said I.
"My God!" cried our client, "what a blind beetle I have been!"
Mary wore skinny jeans.
But why should this man pretend to be his own brother?
Look at the headlines: "Crime in the City. Murder at Mawson & Williams's. Gigantic attempted Robbery. Capture of the Criminal."
A desperate attempt at robbery, culminating in the death of one man and the capture of the criminal, occurred this afternoon in the City.
For some time back Mawson & Williams, the famous financial house, have been the guardians of securities which amount in the aggregate to a sum of considerably over a million sterling.
This person appears to have been none other than Beddington, the famous forger and cracksman, who, with his brother, had only recently emerged from a five years' spell of penal servitude.
His suspicions being aroused, the sergeant followed the man, and with the aid of Constable Pollack succeeded, after a most desperate resistance, in arresting him.
It was at once clear that a daring and gigantic robbery had been committed.
Nearly a hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a large amount of scrip in mines and other companies, was discovered in the bag.
On examining the premises the body of the unfortunate watchman was found doubled up and thrust into the largest of the safes, where it would not have been discovered until Monday morning had it not been for the prompt action of Sergeant Tuson.
The man's skull had been shattered by a blow from a poker delivered from behind.
There could be no doubt that Beddington had obtained entrance by pretending that he had left something behind him, and having murdered the watchman, rapidly rifled the large safe, and then made off with his booty.
My heart belongs to another.
Tom gave me some pointers.
That's why they want to study English.
That's the reason they want to study English.
I must admit that Tom is strong.
Maria lives in the same house as me.
Tom has the same sweater as you.
Have you heard how fast he talks?
There's a line out the door.
I don't like chocolate ice cream.
I'll take two scoops of ice cream.
Summer doesn't last very long.
I had ice cream for dinner before my hair appointment.
You are not ordering shit off of Amazon.
Here's another Michael Jackson cover.
Tom throws up every time he hears a business motivational speaker talk.
Why is there so much ice being carried around?
I'm an uptight suburban twit.
This is a total dork-fest nerd bar.
He said under oath that his birthplace was Italy.
Operator. Which extension would you like?
She'll wash linen.
I like to stay with you.
This city is ugly.
I like this city.
That's my favorite band too.
Problems are problems.
Kosovo is the youngest country in Europe.
Durrës is a very old city.
Gheg is spoken north of Shkumbin river.
Tom is the primary breadwinner in his family.
Mary is the primary breadwinner in her family.
Tom is the sole breadwinner in his family.
Tom and Mary had an intense conversation.
A rising share of women earn more than their husbands.
Tom's wife is unemployed.
Mary's husband is unemployed.
My neck is killing me.
My neck is stiff and sore.
What a chaotic week!
Tourists are drawn to the oceanside town during the summer months.
Tom needs to write five minutes of stand up material.
The habanero sauce is the best, but you'll pay for it later.
While preparing his stand up notes, Tom found some indecipherable scribbles from the previous night.
"I have some papers here," said my friend Sherlock Holmes, as we sat one winter's night on either side of the fire, "which I really think, Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over.
These are the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott.
This is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with horror when he read it.
He had picked from a drawer a little tarnished cylinder, and, undoing the tape, he handed me a short note scrawled upon a half-sheet of slate grey-paper.
As I glanced up from reading this enigmatic message, I saw Holmes chuckling at the expression upon my face.
"You look a little bewildered," said he.
"You arouse my curiosity," said I.
"Why did you say just now that there were very particular reasons why I should study this case?" "Because it was the first in which I was ever engaged."
I had often endeavoured to elicit from my companion what had first turned his mind in the direction of criminal research, but had never caught him before in a communicative humour.
He sat forward in his arm chair and spread out the documents upon his knees.
Then he lit his pipe and sat for some time smoking.
He was the only friend I made during the two years I was at college.
I was never a very sociable fellow, Watson, always rather fond of moping in my rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I never mixed much with the men of my year.
Bar fencing and boxing I had few athletic tastes.
Trevor was the only man I knew, and that only through the accident of his bull terrier freezing on to my ankle one morning as I went down to chapel.
Trevor used to come in to inquire after me. At first it was only a minute's chat, but soon his visits lengthened, and before the end of the term we were close friends.
He was a hearty, full-blooded fellow, full of spirits and energy.
We had some subjects in common, and it was a bond of union when I found that he was as friendless as I.
Finally, he invited me down to his father's place at Donnithorpe, in Norfolk, and I accepted his hospitality for a month of the long vacation.
The house was an old-fashioned, wide-spread, oak-beamed brick building, with a fine lime-lined avenue leading up to it.
There was excellent wild-duck shooting in the fens, remarkably good fishing and a small but select library.
There had been a daughter, I heard, but she had died of diphtheria while on a visit to Birmingham.
He was a man of little culture, but with a considerable amount of rude strength, both physically and mentally.
He knew hardly any books, but he had travelled far, had seen much of the world.
He was a thick-set, burly man with a shock of grizzled hair, a brown, weather-beaten face, and blue eyes which were keen to the verge of fierceness.
He had a reputation for kindness and charity.
We were sitting over a glass of port after dinner.
The old man evidently thought that his son was exaggerating in his description of one or two trivial feats which I had performed.
The laugh faded from his lips, and he stared at me in great surprise.
When we broke up that poaching gang they swore to knife us, and Sir Edward Holly has actually been attacked. I've always been on my guard since then.
You have a very handsome stick.
"You have a very handsome stick," I answered. "By the inscription I observed that you had not had it more than a year. But you have taken some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead into the hole so as to make it a formidable weapon. I argued that you would not take such precautions unless you had some danger to fear."
"You have boxed a good deal in your youth." "Right again. How did you know it? Is my nose knocked a little out of the straight?"
Strong as I look, there is a weak place in my heart.
I hope that I have said nothing to pain you?
Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old lovers are the worst.
Come into the billiard-room and have a quiet cigar.
From that day, amid all his cordiality, there was always a touch of suspicion in Mr. Trevor's manner towards me.
We were sitting out upon the lawn on garden chairs, the three of us, basking in the sun and admiring the view, when a maid came out to say that there was a man at the door who wanted to see Mr. Trevor.
An instant afterwards there appeared a little wizened fellow with a cringing manner and a shambling style of walking. He wore an open jacket, with a splotch of tar on the sleeve, a red-and-black check shirt, dungaree trousers, and heavy boots badly worn.
His face was thin and brown and crafty, with a perpetual smile upon it, which showed an irregular line of yellow teeth, and his crinkled hands were half closed in a way that is distinctive of sailors.
An hour later, when we entered the house, we found him stretched dead drunk upon the dining-room sofa.
The whole incident left a most ugly impression upon my mind.
One day, however, when the autumn was far advanced and the vacation drawing to a close, I received a telegram from my friend imploring me to return to Donnithorpe.
I'm out of lotion.
Of course I dropped everything and set out for the North once more.
I saw at a glance that the last two months had been very trying ones for him.
He had grown thin and careworn, and had lost the loud, cheery manner for which he had been remarkable.
The plastic smell is toxic.
"The governor is dying," were the first words he said.
I feel half sick.
I'm tired of this Germanic language.
I was, as you may think, Watson, horrified at this unexpected news.
"Do you know who it was that we let into the house that day?" "I have no idea." "It was the devil, Holmes," he cried.
I stared at him in astonishment.
The maids complained of his drunken habits and his vile language.
He shut himself up in the study all day, where I could see through the window that he was writing busily.
A letter arrived for my father yesterday evening, bearing the Fordingbridge post-mark.
I remained in the study, turning the whole matter over and over in my head, and feeling as sombre as ever I had done in my life. What was the past of this Trevor, pugilist, traveller, and gold-digger, and how had he placed himself in the power of this acid-faced seaman?
And then in an instant the key of the riddle was in my hands.
This is worse than death, for it means disgrace as well.
Every word which I tell you is the naked truth.
My name, dear lad, is not Trevor. I was James Armitage in my younger days.
The case might have been dealt leniently with, but the laws were more harshly administered thirty years ago than now, and on my twenty-third birthday I found myself chained as a felon with thirty-seven other convicts in 'tween-decks of the bark Gloria Scott, bound for Australia.
The Gloria Scott had been in the Chinese tea-trade.
She was a five-hundred-ton boat; and besides her thirty-eight jail-birds, she carried twenty-six of a crew, eighteen soldiers, a captain, three mates, a doctor, a chaplain, and four warders.
Nearly a hundred souls were in her, all told, when we set sail from Falmouth.
The partitions between the cells of the convicts, instead of being of thick oak, as is usual in convict-ships, were quite thin and frail.
He carried his head very jauntily in the air, had a swaggering style of walking, and was, above all else, remarkable for his extraordinary height.
I don't think any of our heads would have come up to his shoulder, and I am sure that he could not have measured less than six and a half feet.
It was strange among so many sad and weary faces to see one which was full of energy and resolution. The sight of it was to me like a fire in a snow-storm.
I've got more pounds to my name than you've hairs on your head.
"What are we to do, then?" I asked. "What do you think?" said he. "We'll make the coats of some of these soldiers redder than ever the tailor did."
"But they are armed," said I. "And so shall we be, my boy. There's a brace of pistols for every mother's son of us, and if we can't carry this ship, with the crew at our back, it's time we were all sent to a young misses' boarding-school."
There were only two of the prisoners who were not in the secret.
He was gagged before he could give the alarm, and tied down upon the bed.
The two sentries were shot down, and so was a corporal who came running to see what was the matter.
There were two more soldiers at the door of the state-room, and their muskets seemed not to be loaded, for they never fired upon us, and they were shot while trying to fix their bayonets.
Then we rushed on into the captain's cabin, but as we pushed open the door there was an explosion from within, and there he lay wit his brains smeared over the chart of the Atlantic which was pinned upon the table, while the chaplain stood with a smoking pistol in his hand at his elbow.
In five minutes it was all over.
My God! Was there ever a slaughter-house like that ship!
Prendergast was like a raging devil, and he picked the soldiers up as if they had been children and threw them overboard alive or dead.
There was one sergeant that was horribly wounded and yet kept on swimming for a surprising time, until some one in mercy blew out his brains.
When the fighting was over there was no one left of our enemies.
There were many of us who were glad enough to win back our freedom, and yet who had no wish to have murder on our souls.
It was one thing to knock the soldiers over with their muskets in their hands, and it was another to stand by while men were being killed in cold blood.
But there was no moving Prendergast and those who were with him. Our only chance of safety lay in making a clean job of it, said he, and he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box.
And now I come to the most surprising part of my story, my dear son.
Suddenly as we looked at the ship we saw a dense black cloud of smoke shoot up from her, which hung like a monstrous tree upon the sky line. A few seconds later a roar like thunder burst upon our ears, and as the smoke thinned away there was no sign left of the Gloria Scott.
A dozen convicts, who descended with their pistols in search of him, found him with a match-box in his hand seated beside an open powder-barrel, which was one of a hundred carried on board, and swearing that he would blow all hands up if he were in any way molested.
He kicked off his bonds, which he had somehow contrived to loosen.
Such, in a few words, my dear boy, is the history of this terrible business in which I was involved.
Neither of them was ever heard of again.
Get out of my life and stay out.
Will you just shut up?
We'll make the coats of some of these soldiers redder than ever the tailor did.
Why are you so fixated on her?
Why are you so fixated on him?
Why are you so fixated on me?
An anomaly which often struck me in the character of my friend Sherlock Holmes was that, although in his methods of thought he was the neatest and most methodical of mankind, and although also he affected a certain quiet primness of dress, he was none the less in his personal habits one of the most untidy men that ever drove a fellow-lodger to distraction.
I have always held, too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime; and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an arm-chair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
Our chambers were always full of chemicals and of criminal relics which had a way of wandering into unlikely positions, and of turning up in the butter-dish or in even less desirable places.
But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of a Persian slipper, and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by a jack-knife into the very centre of his wooden mantelpiece, then I begin to give myself virtuous airs.
The rough-and-tumble work in Afghanistan, coming on the top of a natural Bohemianism of disposition, has made me rather more lax than befits a medical man. But with me there is a limit, and when I find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal-scuttle, his tobacco in the toe end of a Persian slipper, and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by a jack-knife into the very centre of his wooden mantelpiece, then I begin to give myself virtuous airs.
As I have mentioned somewhere in these incoherent memoirs, the outbursts of passionate energy when he performed the remarkable feats with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of lethargy during which he would lie about with his violin and his books, hardly moving save from the sofa to the table.
Ana was a beautiful girl.
Please, smile.
They tried to find out the truth.
She died and with her so did her dreams.
Don't seek happiness. It does not exist.
She had a lot of dreams.
Man is wolf to man.
The pear falls under a pear.
The United States of America is part of the Security Council of the United Nations.
The little girl saw a gold fish and made a wish.
She eats a red apple.
She saw a beautiful rainbow and got happy.
From the prison window Agron saw a bird flying free and felt a burning desire that he had to enjoy freedom too.
Her mouth wouldn't shut up.
Don't enter there, it's dangerous!
He had lots of words and few actions.
Do you want an orange?
You told me we two would be together forever. Then you left.
She may not be a good daughter, but at least she is a good person.
Maria told her children the same fairytale her mom had told her when she was a child.
He has nine pairs of shoes.
She had a long and a sad life. She died hoping that she would see her son at least one more time.
The little girl saw some horses from the window.
He is crazy but anyway she still loves him.
He has a brown horse.
The mountain fairy is a beautiful creature.
The dinner was tasty. I liked it a lot.
I was walking when I saw her.
Do you know those men over there?
He told his parents that he loved them a lot.
Have you ever seen any ghost?
Tom accidentally got sweetened ice tea instead of unsweetened, but then he couldn't stop drinking the sugary concoction.
Tom started dying of thirst.
Eastern European states are calling for swift solutions to the refugee crisis.
Tom walked up the hill with two gallons of water.
Don't despair! There's always a way out!
Don't worry! There's always a way out!
This room is organized chaos.
Do you like the yellow colour?
They sоught equal rights.
Tom saw a lion at the zoo.
I want to have a sister.
Tom was proud as a rooster.
They aren't coming.
Melanie said that she likes to swim.
You aren't a spy, right?
I am not a teacher. I am just a student.
I am watching TV.
I need exact figures, not hand-waving and guesses.
The boy you see is my son.
She is beautiful!
I have lost a book.
Have you ever been to Albania?
It was a dream of mine to see you.
She speaks French too.
When was the last time you were in Kosovo?
Do you all speak Albanian?
Tom has many syndromes.
Does this water taste bad?
The ice was made with dirty water.
A small bug bit me on the arm because I was accidentally crushing it.
Are you feeling energized?
How long have you been a vegetarian?
I only drink ice tea.
I can't stop drinking sugary drinks.
Make sure that your Caps Lock and Num Lock are not unintentionally turned on. Your password is case-sensitive.
I'm a big fan of yours.
Yeah, sure, lord it over me, why don't you.
How did you know you wanted to marry him?
When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just round the corner from the British Museum.
He was not generally popular among the undergraduates.
He's always hungry.
He's always sad.
Where are his sentences?
When I was young...
The Albanian language is very beautiful.
Is this Tom's house?
Mary has all the books.
Your parents' house is too far!
Our flag is red and black.
Mary likes Lucy.
Where is his sentence?
Where is her sentence?
Mary is her boyfriend's muse.
I want to buy some more fish.
Oh! A shooting star!
His eyes began to water up.
Her eyes began to water up.
Tom handed over his credit card.
The heavens declare the glory of God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
Tom put the hot dog on a stick and roasted it over the fire.
Tom and Mary ate s'mores.
Tom threw his things into the back seat.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that she'd ever made.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that she had ever made.
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that Mary had ever made.
He kissed her on her front porch.
Tom kissed Mary on the front porch.
They both reached for the same book.
I'm so happy for you. I know how much you wanted this.
You must watch this movie.
I don't want to watch that movie.
Mary had finally found Mr. Right.
I wasn't very good at it.
They kissed under the stars.
Tom and Mary kissed under the stars.
The teacher gave Tom extra homework.
She's a friend, that's all.
He's a friend, that's all.
Reginald Musgrave had been in the same college as myself, and I had some slight acquaintance with him.
I don't have time for your games.
Tom seemed to always be ahead of the rest of the class.
Tom has good grades.
Mary has good grades.
Tom is a chatterbox.
Mary is a chatterbox.
Tom has bad grades.
Tom becomes bored very easily.
Mary becomes bored easily.
Tom becomes bored easily.
Why won't you eat with us?
I didn't ask to be born!
Snake oil is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Tom is a snake-oil salesman.
Tom always violates copyright laws.
Good evening. How are you?
We've been waiting our whole life.
It's because you're so dang hot.
That was way too much.
What's the garnish for this drink?
Any bottle of wine is half price.
I'm working on my monologue.
I'm a really good editor.
I'll trade you.
I'm closing two checks, yes?
I want to cash out.
I've never personally been there.
Sentences are flying around the room, but I can't capture one.
Hold up. Right now I'm in drink-land.
I'm from Tennessee.
The same old bands are playing over and over again on the radio.
Ask Tom for a cut from the door.
I was going to bet you five dollars that the next song would be by Boston.
Tom advised Mary not to leave her door open.
How do you say "pickles" in Estonian?
After hours, the waitresses sit on the countertops, eat pickles, and share brownies.
The grocery store closes at 1:AM.
Thanks for nothing!
Can I just state for the record that this is a bad idea?
People who yell at the screen when they watch a movie are a huge pet peeve of mine.
I don't know where Tom is -- probably off making out with somebody or other in the back of a car.
You said to give Tom what he wants.
Little did I know Tom and Mary were playing footsy under the table the whole time.
I'll reimburse you for the damage I did to your car.
Before I let Tom in, I hid the buffalo in my living room by draping a sheet over it.
I had better digitize these photos so I don't lose them.
Tom is obviously very excited about that.
I swear I'll tell you everything someday.
This song is a classic.
"All of Me" is a well-known jazz standard.
He's in the stadium.
He is in the stadium.
Why are you all afraid of Sami?
So spake he and on altars, reared aright, / due victims offered, and libations meet; / a bull to Neptune and Apollo bright, / to tempest a black lamb, to Western winds a white.
Fame flies, Idomeneus has left the land, / expelled his kingdom; that the shore lies clear / of foes, and homes are ready to our hand.
Aki is my dog.
Ortygia's port we leave, and skim the mere; / soon Naxos' Bacchanalian hills appear, / and past Olearos and Donysa, crowned / with trees, and Paros' snowy cliffs we steer. / Far-scattered shine the Cyclades renowned, / and clustering isles thick-sown in many a glittering sound.
Tom landed on his head.
Tom fell on his head.
Tom fell head-first.
Tom hit the ground head-first.
Tom landed face-first.
Tom slammed into the ground face-first.
Don't relegate me to the back office. I want to talk to the customers.
The fact that she's old enough to be your mother does not preclude her from being your friend.
If you're going to disseminate ideas, make sure they're worthwhile.
We get our oranges from a grower in the southern part of the country.
Good point. That clinches it for me. Let's go ahead with the deal.
From these vantage points, you can easily see the town below.
Their raises are linked to the cost-of-living index.
Don't leave the metal exposed to the air or it will oxidize.
You can always drape your jacket over your chair if you need a place to put it.
People who make money from the stock market often oppose raising the capital gains tax.
It has been said a lot.
Love makes life easier.
Although, man has never seen that.
Here everyone knows everyone.
From today on, I'm going to wear a niqab.
Can you tell me if you love your darling?
Why must all men fall in love with me? I don't want that.
The mechanic rolled back the odometer.
A shooting star! Quick, Tom, make a wish!
Tom moved to the big city.
Tom celebrated with his teammates after scoring a goal.
People following the FIFA World Cup have witnessed some very surprising results. Teams thought to have a good chance of winning, like Germany, Portugal and Brazil, have been ousted from the competition.
Croatia will play England in Moscow for a chance to reach its first World Cup final.
The Croatian team played in its first World Cup semi-final match in 1998. It lost to the eventual champion France.
Croatia won all three of its group games at this year's World Cup.
However, the Croatian team did not win as easily in their matches against Denmark and Russia. Both of those games ended with penalty shootouts.
The final match of the World Cup will be played on Sunday, July 15.
Thai officials say all members of a boys’ soccer team and their coach have been rescued from deep inside a flooded cave in northern Thailand.
A Thai Navy SEAL force announced that the remaining four boys and the coach were rescued on Tuesday.
Thai and foreign divers safely led the other eight youngsters out of the cave earlier in the week.
The governor led the rescue operation.
We want to go to Australia.
Tom led the rescue operation.
The boys and the coach got trapped on June when they set out to explore the Tham Luang cave after a soccer workout.
We'd like to spend about three months in Australia.
Monsoon rains have started falling in Thailand.
The rainfall caused water levels inside the cave to rise.
None of the boys had ever dived before.
It took the divers about eight hours to get into the cave, reach the boys, and bring them back out.
One volunteer, former Thai Navy SEAL Saman Gunan, died last Friday while placing air tanks along the escape path.
He ran out of air while trying to swim out of the cave.
Two of the first eight rescued boys had lung infections.
All of the boys were generally healthy and in good spirits.
The boys are being kept away from family members to prevent them from getting an infection.
The first four boys who were rescued are now able to eat normal food.
Goats are nosy, social animals.
Goats can eat almost anything.
Goat milk is easy for the body to digest.
Goat meat is tasty and can be prepared in different ways.
Goats have small tufts of hair on the lower part of the face. So a goatee is facial hair in about the same part of the chin on a man. It looks a little like the beard on a male goat.
If someone gets your goat, they make you angry.
In the 1900s, people who trained horses were said to have put goats near racehorses to keep them calm. Just before the race, the goat was removed. This would, supposedly, make the horse nervous and ready to run.
The meaning of an expression can change over time.
One pet peeve of mine is when one person takes up two seats on a crowded train, especially if a pregnant woman or older adult needs a seat!
Severe flooding and landslides have killed at least people in southwestern Japan.
Rescuers searched for survivors in flooded areas and landslides after several days of heavy rain.
The severe rain caused rivers to overflow.
Is it a big deal? No. But it gets my goat, nonetheless.
Some people escaped the water by climbing onto the top of their homes while waiting to be rescued by helicopter.
Parts of southwestern Japan had up to centimeters of rain per hour, the highest level in decades.
In some areas, hills collapsed under the weight of water, causing deadly landslides that crushed homes and took out roads.
Japanese officials said more than 73,emergency workers and troops were involved in search and rescue efforts.
The severe rain caused rivers to overflow, in some cases covering whole towns.
Officials said dozens of people were missing.
Thousands of homes were without clean water and electricity in the city of Hiroshima and other hard-hit areas.
The rain finally lifted on Monday.
Many people lined up to receive water in temperatures reaching degrees Celsius.
“We cannot take baths, the toilet doesn’t work and our food stockpile is running low,” the 23-year-old school worker said.
She added that bottled water and tea were sold out in local stores.
Seiji Toda told Japan’s TBS television he was shocked and felt helpless when he saw that his restaurant in Hiroshima had been destroyed by a landslide.
“I have never seen anything like this,” Toda said, standing outside the eatery he opened years ago.
Scientists have found what they believe are pieces of a meteor that fell to Earth earlier this year.
The objects were discovered July off the coast of the United States in the Pacific Ocean. They were found near the northwestern state of Washington.
The Nautilus, a private research ship, is operated by the Ocean Exploration Trust. The group says its aim is to examine “areas of the ocean that have never been explored before.”
Marc Fries is with the U.S. space agency, NASA. He says the meteorite fall was the largest recorded over the United States in at least years.
He said in a telephone call he “could not be happier” with the discovery.
This has been the experience of a lifetime.
“If successful, this will be the first known recovery of a meteorite from the ocean!” the group reported on its website.
Fries is part of the latest exploration team searching for meteorites.
At the Cincinnati Zoo, a baby hippo named Fiona is helping to educate young people, both in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio and across the United States.
Fiona was born at the Cincinnati Zoo in January 2017.
Thanks to special treatments and assistance from hospital workers, Fiona stayed healthy.
Some experts believe Fiona is the smallest hippo ever to survive. She weighed only kilograms at birth. That is one-third the size of a normal, fully developed baby Nile hippopotamus.
A Cincinnati Zoo worker collected milk from Fiona’s mother Bibi by hand.
Workers from Cincinnati Children’s Hospital were asked to help inject nutrients directly into her bloodstream.
Her birth weight was so low that Fiona’s caregivers feared she might not survive.
Everyone was worried about Fiona during the first six months of her life. But by her first birthday, she had grown to kilograms, a healthy weight for a hippopotamus that age.
Everyone was worried about Fiona during the first six months of her life.
Adult hippos only eat plants, but can run faster than people.
Adult hippos can be dangerous.
Part of the zoo’s mission is public education.
Maynard’s book is aimed at young readers, telling them the story of Fiona’s struggle to survive, while also teaching them about hippos.
Educators say lessons with stories involving animals appeal to students.
Tom came up with the design.
Tom thinks he's better than anyone else.
Tom should've bought flowers for Mary.
The design is quite interesting.
Tom really didn't feel like going skating.
Tom was the one who came up with the design.
Water is urgently needed.
Water is needed urgently.
Where is the guesthouse?
I want to buy some waffles with syrup.
Scientists have unearthed in northwestern Argentina fossils of the earliest-known giant dinosaur, a four-legged plant-eater with a medium-length neck and long tail that was a forerunner of the largest land animals of all time.
Researchers said the dinosaur - named Ingentia prima, meaning "the first giant" - was up to meters long and weighed about tons, living about million years ago during the Triassic Period.
Dinosaurs first appeared earlier in the Triassic Period, roughly million years ago.
The first dinosaurs were modestly sized, a far cry from the immense dinosaurs of the subsequent Jurassic and Cretaceous Periods.
Apaldetti called Ingentia not only the largest dinosaur but the biggest land animal of any kind up to that point in time.
"Gigantism is an evolutionary survival strategy, especially for herbivorous animals, because size is a form of defense against predators," Apaldetti said.
The boys survived by drinking clean water dripping into the cave.
He enjoys the excitement of surfing.
In addition to riding the waves, he likes riding his skateboard.
The world’s very first photographs were taken in the 1830s.
Scientists now say they have found a way to recover lost images made from the very first photographic process.
The new method uses X-ray technology and light imaging to help save images badly damaged by the effects of age.
Researchers from Canada’s University of Western Ontario published a report on their findings.
The first widely accepted photographic process was the creation of France’s Louis Daguerre in 1839. Images made by this method were called daguerreotypes.
The Daguerreotype process involved combining metal particles and chemicals on a silver-covered piece of copper to reflect, or give back, images of light. This reflective process was able to produce sharp, colorless pictures.
In the beginning, the technology required people to sit completely still for at least one minute for the process to capture a photograph.
The daguerreotype first made it possible to capture and save “true” images that presented a realistic look at history.
Unlike paintings, daguerreotypes reflected exactly what was photographed.
Over time, daguerreotypes may suffer damage because of environmental conditions, such as heat and bright light. Some of the damaged images can become unrecognizable.
Research chemists at Western University say they have found a high-tech way to bring these photographic treasures back to life.
The team used X-ray technology to map and examine daguerreotype plates from the 19th century. The process is designed to identify the levels and position of mercury particles on the plates.
Researchers said the X-ray imaging process takes about eight hours on each daguerreotype plate. When complete, full images can be recovered, even if they could not be seen at all before.
Those photos - which experts say could have been created as early as - were tarnished so badly they were unrecognizable.
Kozachuk said that she was surprised when the image first appeared after being “hidden behind time” for many years. “But then we see it, and we can see such fine details: the eyes, the folds of the clothing, the detailed embroidered patterns of the table cloth,” she said.
By improving the process of restoring these centuries-old images, the scientists are contributing to the historical record. What was thought to be lost, showing the life and times of people from the 19th century, can now be found.
The researchers say this new way to recover lost images without damaging effects will help museums breathe new life into some of their oldest image collections.
The polar bear may be the animal most often identified with climate change, but it is far from the only creature at risk from rising temperatures.
The northernmost part of Earth is warming two to three times faster than the rest of the planet.
The northernmost part of Earth is warming two to three times faster than the rest of the planet. This means the melting sea ice is opening new routes for shipping.
The melting ice has cleared space through the historically dangerous Northwest Passage, and the Northern Sea Route, along Russia's northern coast. This has sharply increased shipping in what was once a largely untouched ocean.
Narwhals and belugas are used to living in an extremely quiet world.
The noise of ice-breaking boats and other ships is extremely unsettling to marine mammals.
In order to help protect marine animals, the researchers suggest requiring ships to move at slower speeds to reduce the chance of striking. They also proposed a limit on the amount of noise ships can make.
One of the most common complaints among American parents today is children spending too much time on a computer or other electronic devices.
One of the most common complaints among American parents today is children spending too much time on a computer or other electronic devices. This is especially true if the child spends several hours a day playing video games.
Officials at the World Health Organization are worried, too. They say playing video games creates strong feelings of pleasure and reward in the brain. And in some cases, that can lead to addictive behavior.
The WHO has listed "gaming disorder" as a mental health condition.
People can slowly become addicted to video gaming. Some may play for hours. They lose interest in doing other things. They stop going to school or work.
Some addiction experts say signs of gaming addiction are similar to alcoholism and drug addiction.
Christopher Mulligan is director of the Cyber Addiction Recovery Center in Los Angeles. He treats patients for all kinds of technology addiction -- from gaming to text messaging.
He says that video game addicts experience the same highs and lows as drug addicts do.
Dopamine is a chemical in the brain. It is responsible for sending signals between nerve cells, or neurons.
Based on reports, the WHO estimates that only a very small percentage of video game players are addicts, about percent in all. It adds that most of them are from East and South Asia.
Children are more likely to get addicted to video games if they lack social skills.
An accident, a disease or other health problems leave more than million people a year paralyzed.
The exoskeleton is worn on the user’s back and around the stomach.
A 525-year-old copy of a letter by Christopher Columbus, stolen from the Vatican, was returned this week.
De Caro is serving a seven-year prison sentence in Italy for stealing about 4,ancient books and manuscripts from Italian libraries and private collections.
An outbreak of a brain-destroying virus is currently happening in the Kerala state of India.
The number of people who have died from Nipah is relatively small.
The World Health Organization (WHO) lists the Nipah virus as a developing disease that could cause a global pandemic. Ebola and Zika are also on this list.
Her body was cremated quickly so the infection would not spread.
Heroes come in all shapes and sizes.
Canine animals serve in the U.S. military in dangerous situations.
Four brave military dogs were awarded the K-Medal of Courage for their bravery and service.
People learning a second language might have heard of the expression “false friend.” This term is used to describe words in different languages that look alike, but have different meanings.
You may be surprised to learn that English gets to percent of its words from French.
You may be surprised to learn that English gets to percent of its words from French. The reason goes back to the year 1066, when Norman forces invaded what is now Britain.
The Normans were from northern France and spoke French. During the Norman occupation, French became the language of England’s rulers and wealthy class. This lasted for more than years. Other people in England continued to speak English during this period.
French began to enter the English language after the Normans invaded Britain in 1066.
Over time, the two languages combined and shared words. Some researchers believe that about 10,French words eventually entered the English language.
However, although English took many French words, their meanings have not always stayed the same.
Sometimes the differences in meanings can be very important, and lead to funny or strange situations if the words are used the wrong way.
Take, for example, the French word collège. In English, college can often be used in place of the word university, or sometimes as a school within a university. However, in French, collège actually means “middle school,” or the level of schooling for students in grades five or six through eight.
In English, the word chat is a verb which means “to talk casually;” but in French, the word chat is the word for an animal: a cat.
Chat in French means "cat."
If an English speaker says someone is jolly, that means they are cheerful or friendly. But in French, jolie means someone is good-looking or pleasant to look at. In any case, both are nice things to say to someone .
In English, the verb “demand” is something you say when you have a strong need for something. It is usually an impolite way to ask for something. However, in French, the word demander is a better way “to ask” for something. The speaker is showing more consideration of the other person’s feelings.
Native English speakers are often afraid to use demander when speaking French as they worry that it may sound impolite.
​Demander can also mean “to wonder” in French, if you put the word me in front of it. So, for example, the expression “Je me demande quand le film commence” means, “I wonder when the movie begins.”
Sometimes French and English words can have almost the same meaning, but with small differences.
Some false friends are important to know because you can accidentally say strange things if you use the words the wrong way.
For example, in English, the word preservative is a chemical added to food to keep it fresh. But in French, a préservatif is a condom.
As you can imagine, mixing up the meanings could lead to awkward exchanges or laughs for language learners.
Another example is the word bra. In English, a bra is a piece of women’s underwear. But in French, bras simply means an “arm.”
In some cases, it might be safer to think of different words to use if you don't want to risk creating an awkward situation.
So if you ask a friend if they liked the food you prepared for them, and they say it’s “not terrible,” in English, that would mean it’s not so bad. But if a French friend says that it was pas terrible, then you know you better improve your cooking skills.
In this photo provided by Queensland Police Service and taken on Nov. 6, 2016, a koala looks out from a handbag.
Koalas are officially listed as at risk of disappearing in New South Wales, Australia.
The state’s government has $34-million plan to protect the beloved animals.
Koalas have large, hairy ears.
Koalas have especially sharp claws, which help them climb trees.
Koalas are marsupials, meaning they carry their babies in an opening of skin on the mother’s stomach.
Koalas are native to Australia, and are described in many Aboriginal stories of creation.
Over the last years, the koala population in New South Wales has fallen by percent. About 36,koalas remain.
As part of its plan, the government of New South Wales is setting aside nearly 25,hectares of forest where koalas will be able to breed freely.
The state will build specially made bridges so that koalas and other wildlife can cross roads while avoiding cars and trucks.
Koalas face several threats, including loss of habitat due to land-clearing, dog attacks and heatwaves.
A sexually transmitted disease – chlamydia – is also harming koalas’ health.
A new koala hospital will open in Port Stephens, north of Sydney. It will join an already existing hospital in the New South Wales town of Port Macquarie, which began treating injured marsupials in the 1970s.
Koalas live in trees. They are herbivores, and need forest environments to survive.
Land-clearing is the number-one threat to koalas.
Koalas are cool.
When it comes to blockbusters, bigger and bolder is Hollywood's plan for this summer.
Movie studios are counting on new and improved sequels to make up for last summer’s poor showing at theater box offices.
The superhero movie had the biggest worldwide opening weekend in history, with more than $million in tickets sold.
The movie tells the story of the early years of Star Wars hero Han Solo and his hairy co-pilot Chewbacca.
Irrawaddy dolphins are considered critically endangered marine mammals.
The most recent survey showed hopeful signs for the long-term survival of the dolphins. More baby dolphins, called calves, have been reported and deaths are down.
The study found that dolphins have been born in the area during the past three years.
After years of hard work, we finally have reason to believe that these iconic dolphins can be protected against extinction.
The WWF says the dolphin is an important sign of the health of the Mekong River environment.
Dolphin watching and ecotourism is an important business for communities on the river.
Some people living in Cambodia and Laos consider the animals holy.
A study has found that a lifetime of regular exercise and activity can slow down the aging process.
A commitment to a life of movement and exercise may help us live not only longer, but also healthier.
Getting older should not necessarily mean becoming more weak or sick.
Results showed that the cyclists did not experience body changes usually equated with a normal aging process. For example, they did not lose muscle mass or strength. Also, their body fat and cholesterol levels did not increase with age.
Hippocrates in BC said that exercise is man's best medicine, but his message has been lost over time and we are an increasingly sedentary society.
The cyclists do not exercise because they are healthy, but that they are healthy because they have been exercising.
The researchers advise us all to find an exercise that we like and to make physical activity a priority in our lives.
Maybe the network administrator can investigate why searching for a file takes so long.
This apartment looks like a classic bachelor pad, with pizza boxes and beer cans all over the floor.
The hijacking attempt failed when the victim managed to escape.
A club is not a precision instrument.
Don't just sit there and fume. Tell me what's wrong.
I think his argument overstates the importance of inflation.
Belonging to a parent-teacher organization can take a lot of time.
You're overwhelming me with details. I'm suffering from information overload.
This job does not require an advanced degree. A high school diploma is enough.
The silk dress shimmers in the light.
This glossary formalizes the terms that had previously been used casually.
If you want off-street parking, you'll have to rent a spot in a parking garage.
After the encouraging preliminary results, the mood at campaign headquarters was one of cautious optimism.
The notion of corporate responsibility went dormant while companies polluted rivers at will.
The stakeholder most deeply affected by this decision is the chief executive officer.
Extremely small bugs, called mites, can get under our skin. And when they do, they cause itching and great discomfort.
It fits like a second skin.
If someone is thick-skinned they are not easily hurt emotionally. You can criticize them or be unkind to them and it simply rolls off their back.
Thin-skinned people are easily hurt by criticism.
One day I saw my friend Sierra waiting at a bus stop. She was wearing headphones and did not hear me come up behind her. So, when I touched her shoulder, she nearly jumped out of her skin!
Two hikers got lost in the woods. When rescuers found them weeks later, they were all skin and bones.
This makes my skin crawl.
Tom is comfortable in his own skin.
Are you comfortable in your own skin?
Technology is changing almost every industry, including fashion.
Suzanne Lee is chief creative officer of Modern Meadow. She explained how her company creates leather-like material from yeast cells.
The rise of social media means it is not just designers who decide the latest looks in fashion.
Artificial intelligence can now collect information from social media and the internet to help designers understand what the public likes.
In this March 2, photo, an Andean man rests with his llama while tourists take in the natural wonder of Rainbow Mountain in Pitumarca, Peru.
Tourists struggle for breath as they climb for two hours to reach the top of a mountain in the Peruvian Andes.
The mountain is 5,meters above sea level.
The climbers were tired, but happy to see the beauty before them.
The climbers were tired, but happy.
Tom and Mary were tired, but happy.
They were tired, but happy.
The cyclists were tired, but happy.
The football players were tired, but happy.
Lines of rich colors form what has become known as “Rainbow Mountain.” The colors come from many-colored rock remains millions of years old. The minerals were pushed up in the crash of Earth’s tectonic plates.
The world learned of the existence of this natural wonder about five years ago. Now, many people want to see it for themselves.
About 1,people visit Rainbow Mountain every day.
The tourism has provided much-needed economic help to this area.
Many villagers are farmers who raise alpaca animals for wool.
International mining companies are also interested in the mountain.
The large tourism business has provided jobs and money for the Pampachiri native community.
“You see it in the pictures and you think it’s Photoshopped — but it’s real,” said Lukas Lynen, an 18-year-old tourist from Mexico.
The local people suffer from high rates of alcoholism and malnutrition.
Wool prices are falling.
In this photo, Andean farmers take part in a ceremony honoring Mother Earth and Father Snowy Mountain, in Pitumarca, Peru.
Isaac Quispe is a 25-year-old former gold miner.
Isaac Quispe is a 25-year-old former gold miner. He left that work after the murders of six people he worked with.
He returned home and bought a horse.
Last year, he earned $5,taking people up Rainbow Mountain by horse.
Tom didn't really feel like going out drinking with the other guys.
Tom is a very practical, down-to-earth person.
Tom is a thirty-year-old carpenter.
I haven't seen Tom in three days.
You should eat breakfast every day.
It was a chain-reaction collision.
Tom only wants one cup of tea.
The car was totaled.
Massive flames consumed the store.
Tom only wants some peace and quiet.
We have one pocket of rainfall.
There is a draught in here.
I told you that you weren't supposed to do it.
Loud rise the shouts of sailors to the sky; / "Crete and our fathers", rings for all to hear / the cry of oarsmen.
Through the deep we fly; / behind us sings the stern breeze loud and clear. / So to the shores of ancient Crete we steer.
There in glad haste I trace the wished-for town, / and call the walls "Pergamea", and cheer / my comrades, glorying in the name well-known, / the castled keep to raise, and guard the loved hearth-stone.
I told them to stay in their room.
Scarce stand the vessels hauled upon the beach, / and bent on marriages the young men vie / to till new settlements, while I to each / due law dispense and dwelling place supply, / when from a tainted quarter of the sky / rank vapours, gathering, on my comrades seize, / and a foul pestilence creeps down from high / on mortal limbs and standing crops and trees, / a season black with death, and pregnant with disease.
Anyone who has seen Kristen Bell break down in (happy) hysterics over a sloth knows the actress's affinity for animals, especially those of the cute and cuddly variety.
When the people behind the new IMAX original film "Pandas" asked the star if she would consider narrating the documentary, it was a no-brainer.
Hou Rong, the Director of Research at Panda Base since 1994, has raised over baby pandas during her tenure and hopes that one day their work will help pandas thrive outside of captivity.
An avid watcher of nature documentaries, Bell said that she and her young daughters Lincoln and Delta particularly love David Attenborough and the "Planet Earth" series.
It's potentially a huge market.
Wildlife authorities in Kenya have opened a new sanctuary for black rhinos in Tsavo East National Park.
Black rhinos have fared better than other rhino species in recent years, but remain threatened by poachers who kill the animals for their horns.
If all goes well, the new sanctuary in Tsavo East will serve as breeding ground for the black rhino species.
Rhino numbers have dropped dramatically in recent years, mainly due to poachers killing the animals to satisfy the black market for rhino horn.
Denmark's government has announced that it will build a 68-kilometer fence along the country's southern border to protect prime Danish pigs from swine fever. The government says the fence will help keep out German wild boar that could be infected with a deadly African swine fever.
The world’s largest cat-proof fence has been completed in central Australia. The mammoth project creates a 94-square-kilometer sanctuary for endangered marsupials.
The project is a threatened species reintroduction project. We are aiming at eradicating feral animals, predators particularly — cats and foxes — from a large landscape. We will be working with local Indigenous communities to achieve that eradication. We will be then reintroducing a whole range of Australian endangered mammal species that have disappeared from this landscape completely.
Cats and foxes are one of the main reasons Australia has the worst mammal extinction rate in the world.
It is estimated that feral cats kill million birds in Australia every day and have caused the extinction of native species.
Australia has a terrible history of importing animals, plants and fish that have caused immense ecological damage.
In 1935, about cane toads were brought in from Hawaii to help sugar cane farmers combat a destructive beetle. Some estimates put the current cane toad population in Australia at million. Their powerful toxins have killed huge numbers of native animals.
Hymns sung to the Greek gods thousands of years ago resonated from ancient musical instruments in Athens on Thursday, transporting a transfixed audience to antiquity.
The phorminx, the kitharis, the krotala and the aulos — string and wind instruments reconstructed by musical group Lyravlos — echoed among marble statues in Athens's National Archaeological Museum as part of World Music Day celebrations.
A family of musicians, Lyravlos have recreated exact replicas of the ancient instruments from natural materials including animal shells, bones, hides and horns.
Music was an integral part of almost every aspect of ancient Greek society, from religious, to social to athletic events.
Today only some written scores of ancient Greek music have survived.
The International Labor Organization reports million children are victims of child labor, with nearly half forced to work in hazardous, unhealthy conditions that can result in death and injury.
Rai was orphaned at age four. Homeless and without anyone to look after him, he became a street gangster, a rag picker, a delivery boy. He did anything to survive. Now, as an adult, he has become a Child Rights Activist.
Kailash Satyarthi, an Indian children's rights activist and Nobel peace prize laureate, led the Global March of enslaved and trafficked children. He said progress has been made since then, but much remains to be done.
Most child laborers are in the developing world. But, this shameful practice also occurs in some of the world's richest countries.
At the age of seven, it was normal for me to wake up at five o'clock in the morning, put on my shoes, put on a T-shirt and go work in the hot sun, burning — my back was aching, 20-pounds of buckets of cucumbers next to me, trying to make ends meet.
Lopez said people do not realize what is happening in their own backyard. She calls the exploitative work that robs children of their childhood unacceptable and said it must stop. She said children are the future and if people fail to protect the world's children, then there is little hope for the future.
They think of their buffaloes as family members. They would never eat them. They never even sell them for slaughter. And even though this is a Muslim community, they also happen to be vegetarian, not for any religious reasons, but because they really just don't like the idea of killing animals.
The family keep their buffaloes solely for the milk they produce, he explained, which they use for their own consumption within the family.
“They really love these animals,” he emphasized.
Every Van Gujjar buffalo has a name. Every buffalo they say has a unique personality. If a buffalo was to get sick, the family would be really wracked with concern. And if a buffalo dies, they’ll bury it and mourn for it almost as if it was human.
Some of them have already been forcibly evicted from the forests where they and their ancestors have lived for over 1,years.
“I really value the legacy that different peoples around the world bring to our humanity today,” he said. “And as the world becomes a more homogenized place, I think it's really important to be remembering all of the different possible ways that it is to be human.”
“Once you’ve seen or read about people who for example are willing to save the life of a buffalo with a broken leg and carry it over the Himalayas, you don't forget that,” he noted.
I think each of our worlds is a richer place for knowing about these different cultures and the ways that they live and the things that they value.
It's unusual, but there are critters that bleed different colors of the rainbow besides red. The New Guinea lizards' blood — along with their tongues, muscles and bones — appear green because of incredibly large doses of a green bile pigment.
"Evolution can do amazing things given enough time," Austin said. "The natural world is a fascinating place."
"I actually ate several lizards myself and they didn't taste bad," Austin said.
A new study suggests that regularly seeing certain endangered species depicted as cartoons or toys can give the public a false perception that the animals' populations are secure.
The study in the journal PLOS Biology lists what the authors say are the world's most charismatic animals: tigers, lions, elephants, giraffes, leopards, pandas, cheetahs, polar bears, gray wolves and gorillas. The common depiction of these animals in cartoons and movies and as toys has led to what the authors call "virtual populations" — people believe the animals are not at risk of extinction in the wild because they appear to be everywhere.
The study uses the popular French baby toy "Sophie the Giraffe" as an example. Eight hundred thousand Sophie toys were sold in France in 2010—more than eight times the number of real giraffes living in Africa.
Yellow-spotted bell frogs were thought to have become extinct until a chance discovery a decade ago.
For years there were no recorded sightings of yellow-spotted bell frogs and scientists thought they were extinct. However, a small group of these rare frogs was found near the New South Wales town of Yass in on the Southern Tablelands.
Earth is losing plants, animals and clean water at a dramatic rate, according to four new U.N. scientific reports that provide the most comprehensive and localized look at the state of biodiversity.
What's happening is a side effect of the world getting wealthier and more crowded with people, Watson said. Humans need more food, more clean water, more energy and more land. And the way society has tried to achieve that has cut down on biodiversity.
Man-made climate change is getting worse, and global warming will soon hurt biodiversity as much as all the other problems combined.
"We keep making choices to borrow from the future to live well today," said Jake Rice, Canada's chief government scientist for fisheries and oceans.
If current trends continue, by the year the Americas will have percent fewer plants and animals than now. That means there will be percent fewer plants and animals in the Americas than in the early 1700s.
The outlook is bleak if society doesn't change, but it still can, Watson said.
Italian fashion house Versace and handbag and accessories maker Furla said they would stop using real fur in their creations, joining a growing list of luxury labels turning their backs on the fur industry.
Fashion houses around the world are bowing to pressure and using alternatives to real fur amid pressure from animal rights groups and changing tastes of younger customers, who are increasingly aware of the environmental issues linked with the clothes they buy.
Donatella Versace, the artistic director and vice-president of Versace, said that she did not want to kill animals to make fashion and that "it doesn't feel right".
How could she be so naive?
How could he be so naive?
Tom wears a suit to work every day.
As long as you live under my roof, you're going to live by my rules.
Sit down for a minute and calm down.
Just tell him what you saw.
I feel dizzy. I need to sit down for a few minutes.
I can't keep pretending anymore!
Tom admitted that he hadn't read Mary's book.
Tom castigated himself.
They sat alone in a corner talking.
Maple syrup is an amber liquid.
When he woke up, the party was almost over.
Her voice always falters when she mentions her late father.
Her voice always trembles when she speaks of her deceased father.
Archaeologists have unearthed a mysterious black granite sarcophagus in Egypt.
Wealth is not as important as health or happiness.
Corruption drains $billion annually from Africa, according to the African Union.
At an estimated percent of the continent's average gross domestic product, the African Union calls corruption a huge drain on Africa's productivity.
At the 31st African Union Summit in Mauritania last week, African heads of state said they want to prevent billions more being stolen by seeking to abolish banking secrecy and tax havens.
The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists has been shining light on the shadowy world of offshore banking with the publication of leaked documents known as the Panama and Paradise Papers.
Their findings revealed the secret companies and bank accounts of some of the region's most powerful politicians and business leaders.
European Union finance ministers agreed to new measures on Tuesday to force accountants and banks to report aggressive tax schemes that help companies shift profits to low-tax countries.
The smoke alarm keeps beeping.
If you like July, you'll love August.
The fan can't spin fast enough.
The dishes are done.
The perfect couple made everyone miserable.
Their upbringing was strange.
Stop burning incense! I have asthma.
Don't stare at me.
She is studying English, but she is also studying German.
His structural health was evident as his muscles rippled like bands of steel.
Anika, did you say the words loudly?
We just need to put our best foot forward.
Schrodinger's cat is neither alive nor dead.
Sweet life from mortals fled; they drooped and died. / Fierce Sirius scorched the fields, and herbs and grain / were parched, and food the wasting crops denied.
Once more Anchises bids us cross the main / and seek Ortygia, and the god constrain / by prayer to pardon and advise, what end / of evils to expect? what woes remain? / What fate hereafter shall our steps attend? / What rest for toil-worn men, and whitherward to wend?
Tom is the one that killed Mary the cat.
Truth has many faces.
Today we are at the Newseum in Washington D.C. – where the history of free expression is explained and defended.
The first printing presses arrived in the United States in the mid-1600s, marking an important step in the history of America’s free press.
A free press is important in democratic society.
A free press is important in democratic society. It allows citizens to speak freely and criticize the country's leaders without fear. Some journalists have even lost their lives for that right.
Last year, a fake news story about a Washington pizza restaurant went viral, causing a gunman to open fire at the business.
One of the most common terms we hear today is “fake news.” The public and politicians use it to talk about the news reports they do not think are accurate.
While people have paid much attention to the term in recent years, the problem is not new. False news reports have been around since modern journalism started.
Today, information moves around us in many forms, every hour of every day. Even if we do not seek out news on our own, we often receive it anyway, instantly, on our phones.
News literacy is the ability to use critical thinking skills to judge news reports.
News literacy is the ability to use critical thinking skills to judge news reports. Are they credible? Can you rely on the reports to be true?
Information is an important part of our society.
People depend on information to guide them through a complex world.
The invention of movable type in 15th century Europe revolutionized the communication of ideas. This invention made it possible to print and publish information to masses of people.
This free flow of information eventually led to a free press in many parts of the world. But because information is so powerful, many world leaders have tried to stop it.
French leader Napoleon Bonaparte once said he feared four newspapers more than 1,bayonets.
The Chinese emperor who oversaw the building of the Great Wall famously used his power to stop published information. Qin Shi Huang ordered the burning of thousands of books on subjects he wanted to keep from the people. He even had hundreds of scholars executed for refusing to give up their book collections.
Even powerful leaders in modern times have succeeded in blocking material they do not want the people to see.
This media environment makes it important for us to be able to recognize reliable information. True information gives us the facts to guide our decisions and actions.
In addition to informing, news can also divert.
News can also serve as a way to connect us as human beings. This could include stories about tragedies or uplifting events that affect us emotionally. Such stories can lead people to join a cause or donate money to help those in need.
What is legitimate journalism? It is news that has been verified by an independent organization that is accountable for the information.
Verification is the process of establishing that information is truthful and accurate.
Journalists collect information with the goal of providing the most accurate version of events. They talk to sources, dig through information, and provide accurate documents to back up their stories.
Let’s take, for example the myth that the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine is the cause of autism. This claim has been completely discredited, yet several Hollywood celebrities continue to endorse it, some backing an anti-vaccine film made by pseudo-scientists.
Should journalists reporting on autism give time to the position of the anti-vaccine believers? No. They are not scientists. Their “opinions” cannot be balanced against scientific knowledge and certainty. Both sides are not equal and it is misleading to treat them equally.
News organizations should be clearly identified and journalists’ contact information, easily obtainable.
But most importantly, any news organization or journalist should be prepared to admit errors when they’ve been made.
Journalists collect information with the goal of providing the most accurate version of events.
In 2005, the New York Times asked veteran reporter Judith Miller to resign after it became clear her reporting about the Iraq war was wrong.
In 2005, the New York Times asked veteran reporter Judith Miller to resign after it became clear her reporting about the Iraq war was wrong. The Times wrote an extraordinary critique of its own editorial process. That is also accountability.
Becoming a literate news consumer requires us to be able to identify legitimate journalism.
Legitimate journalism seeks truth.
All the details may not be known. But a news story should include the latest version of events based on verified facts.
Truthful reporting comes from using facts that can be confirmed.
Truth is a journey that evolves over time.
It is not possible for us to read one newspaper on one day and get a complete picture of world events. We must seek out multiple sources: newspapers, magazines, television and – yes – the internet.
It is well known that if a police officer interviews witnesses about a crime, he will receive different versions of events.
A journalist seeking the truth should interview as many witnesses as possible in search of the true story.
One of the most exciting developments in the “smart phone age” is the ability to record events as they happen.
Verification is the responsibility of both news organizations and journalists. But a literate news consumer also checks often for updates or for corrections in stories because he realizes that sometimes – even journalists make mistakes.
Balance simply means giving equal time to both sides of an issue, or not giving one side more importance.
Will you just shut up for a minute and let me finish?
Examine the evidence. How has the reporter confirmed the evidence? Is there video you can trust? Is there a paper trail -- documents to prove what happened?
Consider the sources of the story. Are they named or not identified in the story?
As a news consumer, you must know yourself. Do you have opinions or beliefs that could influence your judgment?
Are you more likely to believe a story if it confirms your pre-existing beliefs? That is called confirmation bias.
Confirmation bias is a sort of blindness that leads news consumers to seek out information they WANT to be true.
A smart news consumer seeks out information from multiple sources, weighing the reputation of each source, and comparing their coverage.
Today anyone with a smartphone or a laptop can spread information and video around the world immediately.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it. So, it is possible for erroneous information to spread quickly.
Take the case of Veerender Jubbal. Several European news outlets named the Canadian Sikh as a possible suspect for the November Paris terror attack. They even published a photo of him wearing a suicide bomber vest.
But Mr. Jubbal was completely innocent. Someone had manipulated a photo on his Facebook page and posted it on social media as a joke. It quickly spread, causing Mr. Jubbal to suffer extreme damage to his reputation and a lot of emotional distress.
How many times have you fallen for click bait—those deceptive ads that lure you to click with gossip or untrue information?
How many times have you fallen for click bait -- those deceptive ads that lure you to click with gossip or untrue information? For example, those ads that imply a famous celebrity has died or suffered a terrible tragedy?
Unlike traditional journalism, social media does not have an obligation to the truth. Its users are its reporters, and they are accountable to no one.
A smart news consumer is always aware of this discrepancy between traditional media and social media.
The United States has over famous, well-traveled national parks. Among them are Grand Canyon, Yosemite, Yellowstone and Acadia.
The United States also has several roads called National Parkways. These long, winding paths let visitors experience nature, history and culture from a car. Like the parks, the roads are managed by the National Park Service.
The parkways cut through some of the most scenic parts of the country. One of the longest – and most popular – is the Blue Ridge Parkway. Many people call it “America’s favorite drive.”
National parkways are made up of scenic road and surrounding land. They were designed to give people driving cars a chance to see beautiful parts of the country.
The idea for National Parkways began in the early 1930s, during the Great Depression.
The Great Depression was a difficult economic time in the United States. Families and communities suffered. Many people were without work.
Seventy years ago something important happened in music history: the first LP, or long-playing vinyl record, was introduced.
At the time, the LP was a new kind of record that let people listen to longer pieces of music.
The LP changed the way people listened to music.
Columbia Records first introduced the LP in 1948.
The museum has other musical artifacts going back to the beginning of sound recording. These include wax cylinders, created by Thomas Edison in 1877.
Wax cylinders were the first way fans could buy music to listen to at home.
The Industrial Revolution caused a great upheaval in society.
Before the LP, you could only get minutes or so onto one side of a record and now because you had a narrower groove and a slower speed, you could get up to minutes, which meant that you could get a whole package of songs together on one record.
Vinyl records have started to become popular again.
Vinyl records are popular with fans of all ages.
People love the tradition of buying records and then playing them at home.
The sound quality is much warmer, richer and people appreciate that.
Rock music is the best-selling kind of music for vinyl records.
Last year, the biggest selling LP in Britain was Ed Sheeran’s “Divide” album.
Older LPs, such as Amy Winehouse’s “Back To Black” and Fleetwood Mac’s “Rumours,” were also in the top 10.
To create more jobs and improve the economy, the U.S. government built roads that passed through beautiful parts of the country that had suffered during the depression.
Work on the road began on September 11, 1935, in the state of North Carolina.
The road was not officially completed until 1987.
The Blue Ridge Parkway is kilometers long, and runs from North Carolina to Virginia.
In the last year, she said, the Blue Ridge Parkway earned over a billion dollars from tourism. That is more money than any other place managed by the National Park Service.
In 2017, the Blue Ridge Parkway was also the busiest of any National Park Service site, with more than million visitors.
The designers of the parkway were careful that road mixed with the environment in a natural way.
Stanley Abbot, an architect, was the first designer of the parkway. He believed it was important to have variety in what people saw. Along with the mountains, Abbott wanted visitors to the parkway to see the valleys, forests, farms, rivers and homes of the surrounding communities.
The road passes by old homes and historic buildings.
Reinhold says his favorite place on the Blue Ridge Parkway is Waterrock Knob, a mountain peak that stands over 1,meters tall. He likes it for its beautiful views and sunsets.
In English, the full name of BTS, the hugely popular Korean pop group, means “Bulletproof Boy Scouts.”
Paying by traveler's check creates a hassle for both the customer and the merchant.
The South Korean boy band on Monday reached the number-one position on the Billboard Top music list, with the album “Love Yourself: Tear.”
We've hired number crunchers to do the statistical analysis.
The library started digitizing its collection decades ago.
I've heard him exaggerate before, but that story is a whopper even for him.
The group calls its growing base of love-struck fans its “army.”
A hurricane can wreak destruction everywhere it goes.
On Wednesday, their single “Fake Love” was among the top songs in Billboard’s Hot list, making BTS the first K-pop group to debut a song in the top 10.
This sentence is not a sentence.
The reaction the band members receive on the road from mostly female fans has been compared to “Beatlemania” in the early 1960s.
Of course, BTS is not the first or only K-pop group to see success in the United States. In 2009, the girl group Wonder Girls was the first K-pop act to make the Billboard Hot 100.
Today, the Gangnam Style music video has been viewed over billion times on YouTube.
The original acid test used hydrochloric and nitric acid to distinguish gold from base metals.
Teach your children to share and share alike.
Only a structural engineer can tell you whether the bridge is sound.
There is nothing in the contract precluding you from hiring another lawyer.
Do you see how the roof sags in the middle?
New Jersey, Louisiana, and Texas are full of oil refineries.
The American League is one of the two major baseball leagues in the United States and Canada.
This algorithm quantifies risk.
Particle accelerators are also known as atom smashers.
Mary's mother wouldn't allow her to play with Barbies.
Include a stamped addressed envelope if you want a response.
In this part of the country, a southwesterly wind is often associated with a storm.
Do you write specs before you write code?
Lukman learned he had cancer after finishing elementary school.
He found the emotional part of living through cancer and its treatments to be difficult. But he said that most of his photos are about hope.
The first respondent failed to fill out the entire questionnaire.
Westminster Abbey is one of the most famous tourist sites in Britain’s capital, London.
The dishes are piling up in the sink because we've run out of dishwashing detergent.
This company gives you free courses to further your professional development.
It is officially summer beach season here in the United States.
Assateague island is made mostly of sand, and stretches for 43.kilometers.
Assateague Island is a 43.5-kilometer barrier island.
People get to the island by driving over a long bridge.
Barrier islands are long, sandy islands near the coast.
People can relax on the beach, surf in the ocean, hike along the island’s paths or kayak through its many marshes.
The island is a popular place to visit.
Most people come to Assateague to see its unusual residents: wild horses.
Davis says that because the horses have been living wild on the island for several centuries, they have adapted to its environment and small food supply.
Since the island is protected, the horses can move around freely.
It has been years since a major Hollywood movie company has released an English-language film with mostly Asian actors.
Many people in Hollywood are excited about a romantic comedy called “Crazy Rich Asians.”
“I remember going to Asia for the first time and there’s a very specific emotion that you feel that’s like, ‘Oh, this feels like home but it’s not my home and these people don’t see me as being part of this,’” he said.
In this April 11, 2018, file photo, two boys push their scooters through a park with green blossoming trees in Frankfurt, Germany.
When you weigh all life on Earth, billions of humans don’t amount to much compared to trees, earthworms or even viruses.
When you consider all life on Earth, billions of human beings are a relatively small number when compared to trees, earthworms or even viruses.
Domesticated cows and pigs outweigh all wild mammals by to 1, the study found.
The world’s chickens are triple the weight of all the wild birds.
Instead of children’s books about elephants and lions, a more honest representation of Earth’s animals would be “a cow next to another cow, next to another cow next to a chicken,” Milo said.
NASA, the American space agency, noted an unusual shape -- a bend -- in Europa’s magnetic field in 1997.
NASA, the American space agency, noted an unusual shape -- a bend -- in Europa’s magnetic field in 1997. That was the year when NASA’s Galileo spacecraft passed close to the moon.
Europa is a little smaller than Earth’s moon. Its ocean is buried under about to kilometers of ice. Experts believe the ocean itself to be anywhere from to kilometers deep.
Mary buried her head in Tom's arms.
This level is really hard.
It was very hard to concentrate.
Tom excels in math.
Overall, the Kepler space telescope has added more than 1,confirmed planets to the extrasolar planet count, which now stands at nearly 3,700.
Most people can’t do that.
Can I ask you something that's been bothering me for a while now?
Tom felt unwelcome.
Tom felt welcome.
I was too tired to walk to the tide pools.
I've been trying to avoid the heat if possible.
They left active duty last month, but they're still in the reserves.
Every protein is a polymer composed of units called amino acids.
Every time you donate you bless someone.
One more CCR song and I'm going to get sick.
He's a monster.
Please no more CCR songs.
Tom just split it.
I'm trying to get caught up now.
I'll take the fish and chips.
I must be full of mercury.
Stand aside! I'm sixteen percent fluent in French!
Tom smells like a bag of farts.
The shop only had 2XL shirts in their own brand.
Why do you think Mary is better off without you?
What an artist dies in me!
But of course!
Do you see the stars?
Do you see the bear?
Good leaders are rare.
You're a bad girl.
Let justice be done though the heavens fall.
Is this apple yellow?
I'll wash the apple.
Does Saturn have a ring?
First of all, memorise the sutra.
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Make sure you recall the filename before you attempt to recover the file.
This is one of the most terrifying experiences I've ever had.
Tom is a survival expert.
Two people were injured in shark attacks at a beach in Florida.
Tom punched the shark on the nose.
What if I see a shark?
Believing that a Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to Russia, the KGB acted to compromise him. Despite having a Russian girlfriend, he had to immediately leave the country.
Your record indicates a proclivity for violence.
He was a mercenary, but preferred to call himself a soldier of fortune.
African trypanosomiasis is also known as sleeping sickness.
In that state, judges are political appointees. They are not elected.
There's nothing obligating you to spend the night here.
An off-road vehicle ends up turning everywhere it goes into a dirt road.
Do you think you can retrain him, or is he hopeless?
Every Internet access provider must understand these regulations.
In the most exciting part of the book, the team recaptures the championship title.
Mary slammed her laptop closed.
A policy of reimbursing employees for their travel expenses requires them to keep accurate records.
Declaring an official language can end up marginalizing all others.
An alligator has been caught on tape eating a small shark.
Localizing the source of a problem can be difficult.
For all practical purposes, that word is obsolete.
The invention of the catalytic converter drastically improved air quality.
Tom ate his breakfast quietly.
In a ranch-style house, all the rooms are on one floor.
It's impossible to learn to swim from a correspondence course.
She's a globetrotter, but he's never left his country.
It's time for some liquid refreshment. Who's going to buy the drinks?
In some countries, an advice columnist is known as an agony aunt.
I'm not wealthy enough to afford a personal shopper.
The announcement was intended to horrify the audience.
Where did you rapscallions put my chair?
An all-star game can be less exciting than one might expect.
He started from a weak bargaining position, but ended up getting everything he wanted.
We don't think they have the ability to revoke your privileges.
If all your friends jumped off a bridge, would you do it?
So, what do you recommend?
Soccer star Lionel Messi reportedly wore a good luck charm during a World Cup game.
Nearly one in four Americans carries a good luck charm at least occasionally, according to a new survey.
A lucky charm could be a shirt, a pair of shoes, a coin, a bracelet or a piece of ribbon.
At the World Cup, star Lionel Messi tied a ribbon given to him by a fan around his ankle.
According to Elle magazine, actress Cameron Diaz wears a lucky necklace, as does Lindsay Lohan.
Actor Benicio Del Toro is reported to have a lucky ring.
Temperatures around the world are rising as humans burn coal, oil and other fossil fuels for energy.
Pangolins are the world's most illegally trafficked animal.
As many as pangolins are poached every day, destined for markets in Vietnam and China, where their meat is considered a delicacy and their scales believed to have medicinal properties.
Tom and Mary are thinking about buying a house.
Tom and Mary are thinking about starting a family.
Heavy rain and thunderstorms are wreaking havoc across China, with floods along major rivers destroying bridges, blocking roads and railways and forcing thousands of residents to evacuate.
Heavy rain and flooding hits much of China this time every year.
The flood-prone Yangtze river, which runs from Yunnan in the southwest to Jiangsu and Shanghai on the east coast, has seen a massive increase in water volumes, causing flooding in many of its tributaries and bringing water volumes in the giant Three Gorges reservoir close to record levels.
Heavy rain has also caused the Yellow River, which runs through northern China, to burst its banks, blocking a section of a railway line in the northwest province of Shaanxi.
France marked Bastille Day Saturday with its traditional display of military might — a veritable assault of troops, helicopters, fighter planes taking over the skies and the famous Champs Elysees avenue of Paris.
France's defense budget is getting a sizeable boost that will meet NATO's two percent spending commitment by 2025— and reverse a decade of budget cuts.
Last year, U.S. President Donald Trump was at the Bastille Day parade here in a visit that forged a personal bond with his French counterpart, Emmanuel Macron.
You make me feel sick.
She doesn't want you around.
She doesn't want you around. What don't you understand about that?
Please get it over with quickly.
Tom seemed genuinely puzzled.
Mary seemed genuinely puzzled.
How can you watch this stuff?
How can you read this stuff?
Tom flipped furiously through the pages.
Mary was reading a celebrity magazine.
Tom's computer was acting strangely.
Tom's computer started acting strangely.
Tom started acting strangely.
Portugal is not an Islamic country.
Don't try to talk your way out of it.
Felix left a hairball in my shoe.
This is a no-brainer.
How in the world did I miss that?
Tom missed an empty net from about feet away.
Tom held his head in his hands.
Tom held his hand up and interrupted him.
Tom held her hand.
The goalkeeper made a spectacular save.
Everyone has an accent.
The dog days of summer have arrived.
The dog days of summer have finally arrived.
I admire his work ethic.
Many British retirees live in France, Germany and Spain.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll watch TV.
I've heard enough from you.
I'm fed up with listening to you.
I decorated the house all by myself.
Portugal and Spain are neighbors.
I didn't offer it to you.
Language covers virtually all domains of reality.
I've lived in this house for two years.
He left two weeks ago.
I'm looking for a stationery store to buy some ballpoint pens.
In a month, I'll be on vacation.
I've lived here since getting married.
No one ran into him all week.
The dining room is directly adjacent to the vestibule — or, should I rather say, only three steps from where you are now?
You have a huge belly.
Chinese and Japanese are very difficult languages to read.
Chinese and Japanese are really difficult languages to read.
He threw the pebble.
She threw the pebble.
I threw the pebble.
This is a pebble.
This is a rock.
This is a volcano.
Do you watch anime?
I don't know that language.
I can't read that language.
Are you saying I'm stupid?
It's a beautiful language.
I love how the language sounds.
I love the way the language sounds.
What do you think about this song?
This song's great.
The black smoke blotted out the sun.
The volcano erupted.
The lava flowed.
Several exoplanets were discovered today.
How many exoplanets are there?
How many stars are there?
How many planets are there?
This show is hilarious.
It's a hilarious show.
You should go see the show.
Do you want the blue shirt?
You should mow the lawn.
Go mow the lawn.
It's a funny show.
The show's very entertaining.
Have fun, kids!
I'm a voice actor.
Show me what you did.
Show me what you made.
What did you write on the piece of paper?
You shouldn't eat that.
If you eat that, you'll die.
Have you ever considered becoming a lawyer?
Have you ever considered becoming a doctor?
Get on the plane.
The plane is landing.
There is no plane on the runway.
The city was empty.
I touched the leaves.
I felt the leaves.
I stepped on the leaves.
I crushed the piles of leaves by stomping on it.
I stomped on the pile of leaves to compress it.
He zoomed past on his bicycle.
The highway was empty.
It was rush hour.
The streets were packed with cars.
The streets were packed with people.
It was the early morning, and the streets were empty.
I like your voice.
I like his voice.
I like her voice.
I like their voices.
She has a nice voice.
He has a nice voice.
People tell me I have a nice voice.
People say I have a nice voice.
It's a strip mall.
Don't give him what he wants.
Don't give her what she wants.
Don't give me what I want.
He didn't deserve that.
The spacecraft landed.
The huge mass of Jupiter was visible from the spacecraft window.
The stars filled the sky.
Slowly, the stars filled the sky.
The Milky Way was a magnificent sight.
While the sidewalks were empty, the streets were packed with cars.
Did you get a new computer?
You got a new computer.
This computer's a lot faster than the old one.
I love my new computer.
I don't need a new computer.
The computer I have right now is perfectly good.
Virtual reality is the future.
The future is here.
I was promised flying cars.
Where are the flying cars?
Nobody can predict the future.
Predicting the future is impossible.
Technology is amazing.
What do you think about my short story?
Is my short story any good?
Is my novel any good?
Is his novel any good?
Is her novel any good?
Is his short story any good?
Who told you I would be here?
Who told you he would be here?
Who told you she would be here?
The light flickered.
He was mesmerized by the dazzling show of lights.
Has anyone here ever seen the night sky on a dark night, away from light pollution?
Light pollution is a serious problem.
Pollution is a serious problem.
It's an ugly flag.
It's a pretty flag.
It's a beautiful flag.
I like that flag.
Portugal is a republic.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I live in Portugal, and I love my homeland.
I love you, Portugal!
I will be travelling through Portugal.
There are lots of wines in Portugal.
I come from Portugal.
Portugal and Spain are neighbouring countries.
Who would like to speak with her?
Tom said tomorrow is Monday.
Said who?
The Greek slaves have weakened our children with their writings.
Studying Esperanto is not hard.
Did Caesar have a dog?
Can we do something else or not?
There's no toilet paper left!
It hurts because you're an idiot.
Where are the friends?
Do you see a bear now?
Even now, you do not know what is important.
The island closest to Italy is Sicily.
We didn't know what to do, so we asked for help.
Diana is the beautiful goddess of the Moon and the forest.
Stand your ground, and words will follow.
But who called for you without knowing you?
After the battle, there is the reward.
I provide help to the poor.
Everybody rejoiced when Jesus was present.
Please, weigh these peaches.
She blushed at the thought.
Tom blushed at the thought.
I made a lot of painful mistakes.
It was so awkward.
Tom was put under house arrest.
Tom was never charged with any crime.
Mary never got her money back.
Tom never got his money back.
Mary invited her friends over for a party.
Tom hosted a charity fundraiser.
Mary stormed out of the house.
Mary rubs sleep from her eyes.
Tom rubs sleep from his eyes.
Tom rubbed sleep from his eyes.
Tom yawned and rubbed sleep from his eyes.
Tom mumbled something in his sleep.
Tom and Mary fell asleep wrapped up in each other's arms.
They fell asleep wrapped up in each other's arms.
Germany did not even make it out of the group stage.
Tom forgets Mary's birthday every year.
Tom and Mary live in a mobile home.
Tom and Mary live in a trailer.
Tom is a professional soccer player.
Tom is a professional football player.
Tom is a professional basketball player.
Tom was more than happy.
They were more than happy.
Tom is watching the World Cup Final.
Sami is the DJ.
How many kids does Sami have?
How many kids do Sami and Layla have?
Tom was offside.
Sami is my best friend in the whole world.
I didn't learn anything new.
Croatia had a good first half.
We'll be right back after this commercial break.
It was not intentional.
Accountants are often called bean counters.
Tom is a bean counter.
His greatest strength became his greatest weakness.
Tom was asked to prepare a PowerPoint presentation.
Tom was asked to prepare a ten-minute presentation.
Kylian Mbappé is only years old.
Mbappé could be the next global superstar.
Ronaldo is a world-class player.
They walked hand in hand.
A waitress came and asked them what they wanted.
Tom suffered an ACL injury.
This is simply untrue.
I don't know if I want to.
Tom received an anonymous phone call.
They couldn't get enough of each other.
Don't you think it's time to get up?
Tom stumbled out of bed.
France have won the World Cup.
Tom almost felt like crying.
Tom was so happy that he almost felt like crying.
It was the height of fashion at the time.
There was a chocolate fountain at the party.
Tom called Mary, but her mother answered the phone.
What happened to Tom is unacceptable.
Tom washed his car and then rinsed it.
Tom was quite pleased with himself.
Do not insult him.
Tom could smell Mary's perfume.
Tom was in heaven.
Mary gave Tom a sweet kiss on the cheek.
Mary was in heaven.
He drew his lips to hers.
Tom waxed his car.
Tom is either an idiot or a genius.
Nobody noticed until it was too late.
That includes everything.
She was not happy.
Mary was not happy.
She could smell his cheap cologne.
Her face was pale.
Tom picked up the pieces of shattered glass.
Tom was happy that Mary was not angry with him.
Tom is convinced that he once lived as a squirrel in a past life.
It's been a while since I've had pasta.
It's been a while since I've had pizza.
Tom has a small mustache.
Tom has a large moustache.
They both sang along.
Tom is a travelling salesman.
The interview went well.
No wonder it took you so long.
They professed their undying love for each other.
It sounds like you two had a great time together.
Do you want milk in your coffee?
I've wanted to kiss you from the moment I saw you.
Tom was diagnosed with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Tom strained his back.
You have no idea how much I love you.
He's exactly the same age as you.
Tom is exactly the same age as Mary.
Tom couldn't believe what had just happened.
She was absolutely gorgeous.
My boyfriend is useless.
He's completely useless.
If you haven't already been to the Lake District, I highly recommend you pay it a visit.
Thank you so so much for the lovely present you sent!
You won’t believe what happened next!
You won’t believe what happened next.
Tom grabbed some food out of the fridge.
Tom dug through his pockets looking for money.
Tom is trying to protect me.
Tom is exactly the same age as you.
We're often wrong but never in doubt.
Tom's face was pale.
No one noticed till it was too late.
Tom was in seventh heaven.
Tom said that he'd be there by 2:30.
Tom couldn't remember his lines.
The actor couldn't remember his lines.
I guess the laundry isn't getting done tonight.
I haven't received any email today.
Tom is always telling Mary that he loves her.
Tom has been meaning to clean out his badly cluttered garage for years.
Tom left about an hour ago with Mary.
I remember seeing that movie.
That doesn't interest me anymore.
You didn't sign all the documents.
Getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing.
You guys are dangerous.
I prayed for God's help.
There was a spring in his step.
I'd like to help her if I can.
I'd like to help him if I can.
I'd like to help them if I can.
I'd like to help her, but I don't know how.
I'd like to help Tom, but I don't know how.
She had never kissed anyone before.
He had never kissed anyone before.
Tom had never kissed anyone before.
Mary had never kissed anyone before.
The cyclist climbed the hill.
Get out! I don't want to talk to you anymore!
Killing two birds with one stone
An explosion caused by lava oozing into the ocean sent molten rock crashing through the roof of a sightseeing boat off Hawaii's Big Island, injuring people.
A woman in her 20s was in serious condition with a broken thigh bone, the Hawaii County Fire Department said.
The rest of the passengers suffered burns, scrapes and other superficial injuries.
The passengers were aboard a tour boat that takes visitors to see lava plunging into the ocean from a long-erupting volcano that has been vigorously shooting lava from a new vent in the ground for the past two months.
The lava punctured the boat's roof, leaving a gaping hole.
Turpin has been navigating lava tour boats for many years and has lived on the Big Island since 1983.
Officials have warned of the danger of getting close to lava entering the ocean, saying the interaction can create clouds of acid and fine glass.
The agency allows experienced boat operators to apply for a special license to get up to meters from where lava sizzles into the sea.
The only serious injury over the past two months was to a man who was hit by flying lava that broke his leg.
Charred remains of a flatbread baked about 14,years ago in a stone fireplace at a site in northeastern Jordan have given researchers a delectable surprise: people began making bread, a vital staple food, millennia before they developed agriculture.
The flatbread, likely unleavened and somewhat resembling pita bread, was fashioned from wild cereals such as barley, einkorn or oats, as well as tubers from an aquatic papyrus relative, that had been ground into flour.
University of Copenhagen archeologist and study co-author Tobias Richter pointed to the nutritional implications of adding bread to the diet. "Bread provides us with an important source of carbohydrates and nutrients, including B vitamins, iron and magnesium, as well as fiber," Richter said.
New data from countries in hot climates reveals that over 1.billion people face "significant risks" — including death — from lack of access to cooling.
Millions of people die every year from lack of cooling access, whether from food losses, damaged vaccines, or severe heat impact.
We are seeing alarming decline in biodiversity, rising sea levels, coastal erosion, extreme weather conditions and increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases.
She stressed that "access to cooling is not a luxury" but "a fundamental issue of equity. And as temperatures hit record levels, this could mean the difference between life and death for some."
It's overcast at the beach today.
It's hard to tell when someone is upset or just extremely busy.
Only one speaker is working.
A one-armed man is waving us over.
Can you sit through the duration?
A one-legged man is hopping over here.
Tom likes to stand in the freezing rain.
Everyone only hears what he understands.
Everyone hears only what he understands.
A person hears only what they understand.
France is the world champion.
I put jam on my sandwich.
The solution to a problem becomes the source of a new problem.
I just changed the keg.
Where are your socks?
Stop making that duck face!
I'm bleeding!
There's a lot time to kill.
Where is that guy?
Are you free pouring or jiggering?
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean.
She likes walking in the rain.
Sami went into the hospital to look for Layla.
It's a troubling trend.
It's a growing nuisance.
There's too many of them!
Rather go to bed without dinner than to rise in debt.
Runaway trains are stopped by derailing shoes.
A new train control system is installed on the railway line.
It is an important aim in Europe to accomplish the interoperability of railway systems.
From the earliest days of our republic, American leaders have understood that diplomacy and engagement is preferable to conflict and hostility.
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world.
Too often, in both recent past and long ago, we have seen the consequences when diplomacy is left on the table.
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics.
Last year, we told Russia about a planned attack in St. Petersburg, and they were able to stop it cold.
The Cold War is a thing of the past.
The situation in the world changed dramatically.
Today, both Russia and the United States face a whole new set of challenges.
We can only cope with these challenges if we join the ranks and work together.
We believe it necessary to work together further to interact on the disarmament agenda, military, and technical cooperation.
It is crucial that we fine-tune the dialogue on strategic stability and global security and nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
We favor the continued cooperation in counterterrorism and maintaining cybersecurity.
May the new year bring you joy.
We also mentioned a plethora of regional crises.
It's not always that our postures dovetail exactly. And yet, the overlapping and mutual interests abound.
Negotiations with the president of the United States Donald Trump took place in a frank and businesslike atmosphere.
Can your wife speak German?
I say there's nothing better than a cold glass of water on a hot day!
Don't touch that setting. What did I tell you!? Now you've inverted all the colors!
The alt-right exists on one end of the political spectrum.
I like my pasta with lots of cheese and lots of butter!
I ornamentally set up the table in such a pleasant way that the dinner guests that night spent more time complimenting me than eating the feast I had prepared.
Is that really your favorite book? I didn't know you liked non-fiction...
I like soft fluffy unaggressive animals like bunnies and cute little chicks.
I ornamentally set up the table to impress the guests.
I ornamentally set up the table in order to impress the guests.
I ornamentally set up the table to impress!
This new suit suits me quite nice, don't you think? As they say, "Dress to impress!" Ha, you really could learn a thing-or-two from me.
This new suit really suits me if I do say so myself. Afterall, everyone always says you have to dress to impress, so I guess you really could learn a thing or two from me.
It doesn't rain here every day. I think it's monsoonal.
Learn a thing-or-two!
Learn a thing or two!
Learn a thing-or-two before you start asking so many questions!
What's the point of a Hallowe'en party without any candy?
What's the point of a Halloween party if nobody brings any candy?
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when your in the mood for what else but burgers...
The starving boy was pencil-thin.
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when your in the mood for nothing else but burgers...
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when your in the mood for nothing else except burgers...
There's nothing more upsetting than a burgerless burger joint when your in the mood for nothing else other than burgers...
You should take pity on the poor child... He doesn't even have a home.
In Hachi: A Dog's Tale, the dog waits every day at the station in the hopes that his dead master will return.
My sister is beautiful.
Ken is going to meet Tom at the airport.
Tom is going to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom is going to meet Mary in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom is planning to meet Mary at the airport.
Tom will pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom isn't planning to meet Mary at the airport.
It was totally worth it.
It was totally worth it!
This is going to work. I know it.
Tom tried not to appear too enthusiastic.
She tried not to appear too enthusiastic.
How was your biology exam?
How was your exam?
Tom put on his jeans and T-shirt.
Tom heard footsteps behind him.
Tom looked straight past Mary like she didn't even exist.
Tom aced all his tests.
Mary aced all her tests.
I know it was wrong to lie to you.
She didn't have the courage to tell him the truth.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell her the truth.
Enjoy your breakfast.
It looks like you had a rough night.
Tom passed on the first try.
Jeff Bezos is now worth more than billion dollars.
Tom's parents totally freaked out.
Tom owns 30% of the company.
Tom excused himself to go to the bathroom.
Mary excused herself to go to the washroom.
It looked like he was going to kiss me.
What's the worst that can happen?
Tom told me he had a few things to take care of.
Tom's doctor advised him to give up smoking.
This better work.
Tom went on a camping trip with Mary.
Tom went on a camping trip with his father.
Tom has a Blackberry.
So what are you going to do now?
Cutting in line is extremely rude.
What kind of pizzas are you making?
Tom woke up feeling like a new man.
Tom placed the box on the table.
Tom was supposed to come with us.
Tom was supposed to come with us, but he didn't show up.
Tom rolled the dough.
Tom cut the dough.
Tom cut the dough in half.
Scatter a little flour on the work surface.
Tom divided the dough into two portions.
Tom used a pasta machine to make fresh pasta.
Tom woke up the next day with a painful headache.
Tom's boss criticized him for not having any initiative.
At first, he seemed fine.
Tom seemed fine to me.
This had better work.
Tom, there's something you should know about me.
At first, Tom seemed fine.
At first, Tom seemed OK.
At first, Tom seemed angry, but then I realized he was just worried.
At first, I thought Tom was angry, but then I realized he was just worried.
At first, I thought Tom was angry, but then I realized that he was just worried.
Mark is her brother, not her cousin.
Fifty years ago, the streets of Leningrad taught me one thing: if a fight is inevitable, you have to strike first.
If a fight is inevitable, you have to strike first.
It was something he had, somehow, always known...
She woke up suddenly, startled by her terrible nightmare!
Tom wasn't afraid to talk about his own shortcomings.
Tom wasn't afraid to ask for help.
"Where are you going?" "To the movies."
Where is the bottle of wine?
My attitude towards him has changed.
Why make it simple when you can make it complicated?
You're over-engineering everything.
Earn money on the races! Know-how collection on horse racing will have you raking it in!
The reason is that she is a wonderful teacher.
Just make sure you tell Tom what I just said.
Tom was thinking of going to Boston.
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one person.
I am not who you think I am; I am not who I think I am; I am who I think you think I am.
Tom wrapped the package with brown paper.
Yes, I brought the book back.
That is because all his friends were poor, too.
I'm not mad at you. I'm just disappointed.
I'm going to show you how it's done.
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.
I didn't tell anyone that you were here.
I didn't tell anybody that you were here.
I didn't tell Tom that you were here.
I won't tell anyone that you were here.
I won't tell anyone you were here.
I won't tell anybody that you were here.
I won't tell anybody you were here.
If Tom asks you where I am, don't tell him.
Tom handed an envelope to me.
Tom helped the old man across the road.
What impressed me most was the blue sky.
That store is closed Mondays.
French is very difficult to learn.
The committee will meet next Monday.
Exercise is good for you.
I'd like to go for a swim.
I did that all day.
I didn't see Tom anywhere.
We'll have to do something.
His girlfriend is a beautiful woman, but alas she is as dumb as a sack of hammers.
A life of shame leaves not to the dead even an honest place of rest.
'Twas night; on earth all creatures were asleep, / when lo! the figures of our gods, the same / whom erst from falling Ilion o'er the deep / I brought, scarce rescued from the midmost flame, / before me, sleepless for my country's shame, / stood plain, in plenteousness of light confessed, / where streaming through the sunken lattice came / the moon's full splendour, and their speech addressed, / and I in heart took comfort, hearing their behest.
Human nature is excusable when it errs.
A general danger begets unanimity.
Against the evil of death, there is no remedy in the gardens.
Care follows increase of riches.
Give place to your betters.
Propriety cannot be separated from honesty.
The opportunity is often lost in deliberating.
"Lo! what Apollo from Ortygia's shrine / would sing, unasked he sends us to proclaim."
Now it all makes sense!
It's so obvious now. How could I have missed it?
They were so cute together.
Mary tried to imagine the two of them together.
Tom still wants to go out with you.
By the way, Tom still wants to go out with you.
I'm not dating anyone.
I'm not making fun of you.
Death to the rebels!
Let's try and offload this cargo before lunch.
It fortifies itself by utilising the available terrain.
Aren't you inclined to learn Esperanto?
How could that come into your brain?
If you want, I will cook the food for you.
When I have time for that, I will return to you.
If you are tired, got to bed!
When the sun is shining, it gets bright.
What support do you receive from your family?
Don't personify animals!
I pulverise a plant.
I break the grains into pieces.
I am pulverising a plant.
"How often did you kiss him?" Tom demanded reproachfully. - "I can't quite say" Mary answered laughing. - "Often!"
Give me one kilogram of peaches.
Do you want to accompany me?
I learned nothing new.
I regret that I didn't say that to you.
To get good at something, you have to practice.
You don't know your own strength.
Tom punched John's arm lightly.
Tom punched Mary's arm lightly.
We were just kidding around.
I don't want to be a doctor!
Tom went to the refrigerator, looking for something to eat.
Tom opened the refrigerator, looking for something to eat.
Mary is very beautiful, but she's not very smart.
Quit making fun of me.
Stop making fun of me.
Everyone in the class made fun of Tom's new haircut.
It's not nice to make fun of others.
It's not nice to make fun of someone just because they're different.
It's not nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
Are you practicing your set for open mic night?
How do you write your jokes?
You have three minutes for your open mic set.
I don't see any reason why we should do that.
I don't see any reason why we shouldn't do that.
I don't understand why we should do that.
I don't understand why we shouldn't do that.
Tom is an incurable optimist.
Tom said he had the day off.
Tom said that he had the day off.
You'd better not eat too much.
If you want, I'll cook for you.
If you want me to, I'll cook for you.
I'll cook for you if you want me to.
I'll make you a sandwich if you want one.
I'll make a sandwich for you if you want one.
Tom says he has to borrow some money.
Can a lifetime of pee fill up a swimming pool?
Tom says that he has to borrow some money.
I take it that you know how to do that.
You ought not to have spent so much money on that.
You can get in touch with Tom at his home tonight.
I'm a non-smoker.
I don't drink anything stronger than beer.
"We who have followed o'er the billowy brine / thee and thine arms, since Ilion sank in flame, / will raise thy children to the stars, and name / thy walls imperial. Thou build them meet / for heroes. Shrink not from thy journey's aim, / though long the way."
Weren't you away?
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It's called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
"Not here thy destined seat, / so saith the Delian god, not thine the shores of Crete."
This is a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interests!
I overstayed my visa for more than days.
"Far off there lies, across the rolling wave, / an ancient land, which Greeks Hesperia name; / her soil is fruitful and her people brave. / Th' OEnotrians held it once, by later fame / the name Italia from their chief they claim."
I think there are too many languages in her list.
"Thence sprang great Dardanus; there lies thy seat; / thence sire Iasius and theTrojans came."
One can't do the impossible.
"Rise, and thy parent with these tidings greet, / to seek Ausonian shores, for Jove denies thee Crete."
Tom's vacation plans dovetail nicely with Mary's.
"I'm not good at this." "It just takes some practice."
Down the hatch!
It'll put hair on your chest!
Bon appetit!
Dig in!
Awed by the vision and the voice divine / ('twas no mere dream; their very looks I knew, / I saw the fillets round their temples twine, / and clammy sweat did all my limbs bedew) / forthwith, upstarting, from the couch I flew, / and hands and voice together raised in prayer, / and wine unmixt upon the altars threw. / This done, to old Anchises I repair, / pleased with the rites fulfilled, and all the tale declare.
I can't figure out why.
See you next period.
I'm sorry things didn't work out between you two.
I need my caffeine.
We both like to party.
We both shared a love for music.
We both like the same types of music.
We both have the same favorite colors.
We both have the same favourite colours.
Tuck in!
We like the same types of foods.
How long have you and Mary been friends?
Fashion company Betabrand saw that knitwear was a hot style in sneakers and wanted to quickly jump on the trend.
Now, some companies have designers sketching on high-resolution tablets with software that can email 3-D renderings of garments with specifications straight to factories,
H&M, which has seen sales slow, is starting to digitize certain areas of its manufacturing process.
Fung imagines a scenario where a social media post with a celebrity in a red dress gets 500,"likes." An alert goes to a retailer that this item is trending. Within hours, a digital sample of a similar dress is on its website. A factory can start to produce the dress in days.
"Consumers see it and they want it now," says Michael Londrigan of fashion college LIM in New York.
"Thirty years ago, jeans were only available in three shades — rinse, stonewash and bleach," said Bart Sights, head of the Levi's Eureka lab. "Our company now designs 1,finishes per season."
I will not tolerate failure.
Fine, I'll help you.
The audience clapped politely.
I thought we were friends!
Tom was invited to a beach party.
Tom was tasked with gathering wood for the fire.
All the girls were laughing.
All the guys were laughing.
All the guys laughed.
All the girls laughed.
Tom put down his towel next to Mary's.
Mary had a towel wrapped around her head.
Mary had a towel wrapped around her head and another wrapped around her body.
Tom came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
Mary came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body.
Only the paranoid survive.
Only the paranoid survives.
Nothing you can say will change that.
"Do you hate Tom?" "No, I just think he's a bit strange."
"Do you hate Tom?" "I don't hate him, but I do think he's a bit strange."
Are you sure Tom is here?
Are you sure that you have enough money?
Are you sure that you know what to do?
Are you sure you know what to do?
Are you sure that Tom is here?
I don't think Tom needs our help.
Tom is under house arrest.
The plane that Tom was on was struck by lightning.
There are a lot of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
There are lots of restaurants and shops within walking distance.
You look like you're up to no good.
Tom looks like he's up to no good.
Tom listened patiently as the old man rambled on.
The old man rambled on.
You can probably learn how to do that in three hours.
I can't learn Spanish fast enough.
Let's go to Tijuana.
How long is the wait at the border crossing?
Why do you not learn Spanish?
Tom says Mary has to be more careful.
You can say that again!
Tom and Mary used to live in Boston.
For shame, dirty girls! How can you chase after that young man through the field? Is that decent?
I can't, I'm too high...
She thought that that story was a joke.
I can't do that now. I'm too drunk.
I am corresponding with my granny's friend.
Tom didn't think the story was true.
Tom didn't think that the story was true.
I have to lose some weight. My old jeans don't fit!
Why don't you learn French?
I regret that I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I regret I didn't tell Tom the truth.
Why don't you go outside and play?
I don't know what the fuss is all about.
What's the fuss all about?
We want to help Tom do that.
Tom said Mary will likely be too slow.
I wonder what the fuss is all about.
I lent my umbrella to Tom and Mary.
Tom discussed politics all night with his friends.
Tom and his friends discussed politics all night.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom parked his car next to Mary's.
Tom sat on the bus next to Mary.
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
Tom shut the door on his finger.
Tom said that he'd like to help us do that.
Tom is wasted, isn't he?
Tom has many good ideas.
That's gonna be great.
Tom is planning on going alone.
The two-fold race Anchises understands, / the double sires, and owns himself misled / by modern error 'twixt two ancient lands.
"O son, long trained in Ilian fates, he said, / this chance Cassandra, she alone, displayed. / Oft to Hesperia and Italia's reign / she called us."
"Ah! who listened or obeyed? / Who dreamed that Teucrians should Hesperia gain? / Yield we to Phoebus now, nor wisdom's words disdain."
Nothing I do is appreciated.
He writes everything down.
When leaving don't forget to turn the light off.
Pedro hasn't read my manuscript.
Maybe they should have told Tom the truth.
Maybe they should have told her the truth.
In his old age, Tom completely lost his mind.
It was a dangerous venture.
Why would we need this?
Maybe they should have told him the truth.
All hail the speech. We quit this other home, / and leaving here a handful on the shore, / spread sail and scour with hollow keel the foam.
I always try to be nice to other people.
They are still following us.
Wherever there is light, there is shadow.
Wherever there is length, there is shortness.
Wherever there is white, there is black.
They are amateurs.
Where is the girl?
Do you have daughters?
It's not bad at all.
Just as a bird, wherever it goes, flies with its wings as its only burden, so too, the bhikkhu becomes content with robes to protect his body and with almsfood to maintain his stomach, and wherever he goes he sets out taking only these with him.
Whereas some ascetics and Brahmins remain addicted to attending such shows as dancing, singing, music, displays, recitations, hand-music, cymbals and drums, fairy-shows, acrobatic and conjuring tricks, combats of elephants, buffaloes, bulls, goats, rams, cocks and quail, fighting with staves, boxing, wrestling, sham-fights, parades, manoeuvres and military reviews, the ascetic Gotama refrains from attending such displays.
I was shot in the shoulder.
We are going for a little walk.
You are going to have to kill me.
What makes you think you are not next?
He made a stunning revelation.
Good to see you, too.
I am sure he would agree.
I hope no one saw you come in here.
I hope no one saw you.
She kissed him in front of everyone.
No one saw you, I hope.
I hope no one saw you coming up here.
He never kisses me.
I had to reinvent myself.
Isn't that just a legend?
Isn't that just an urban legend?
Who filmed this?
"Isn't that just a legend?" "It's real."
Who is filming?
I think I've got an ulcer.
Tom has an ulcer.
Holmes sat forward in his arm chair and spread out the documents upon his knees. Then he lit his pipe and sat for some time smoking and turning them over.
It was some time before the health of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of '87.
On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that I received a telegram from Lyons which informed me that Holmes was lying ill in the Hotel Dulong.
They spent as much time together as they could.
Tom and Mary spend as much time together as they can.
I hope no one saw us.
You were spying!
Tom and Mary hoped that no one had seen them.
I just saw it on the news.
I hope no one saw you coming here at this hour of the night.
Isn't just that a story?
Isn't just that a fairytale?
Isn't that just a myth?
The sea air is refreshing.
I hope she knows what she is doing.
I hope he knows what he is doing.
I hope he knows what he's doing.
I hope she knows what she's doing.
You're the most interesting person I've ever met.
You're one of the most interesting persons I've ever met.
No one seemed to have seen him.
No one seemed to have seen her.
No one seemed to have seen Tom.
Tom has a color TV.
Tom has a black-and-white TV.
Tom has a black-and-white television.
Tom has a colour TV.
Tom has a color television.
I hope no one sees me like this.
I hope no one sees you like this.
Europe was ringing with his name and his room was literally ankle-deep with congratulatory telegrams.
I found him a prey to the blackest depression.
You look lovely tonight.
Even the knowledge that he had succeeded where the police of three countries had failed, and that he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished swindler in Europe, was insufficient to rouse him from his nervous prostration.
Three days later, we were back in Baker Street together.
Hayter was a fine old soldier who had seen much of the world.
On the evening of our arrival we were sitting in the Colonel's gun-room after dinner.
Holmes stretched upon the sofa, while Hayter and I looked over his little armoury of Eastern weapons.
"By the way," said he suddenly, "I think I'll take one of these pistols upstairs with me in case we have an alarm."
Old Acton, who is one of our county magnates, had his house broken into last Monday. No great damage done, but the fellows are still at large.
"No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel.
Holmes waved away the compliment, though his smile showed that it had pleased him.
Tom met a pretty girl at a dinner party.
Tom met a pretty girl at a cocktail party.
Tom met a pretty girl at a party.
The thieves ransacked the library and got very little for their pains.
The thieves ransacked the library.
The whole place was turned upside down, drawers burst open, and presses ransacked, with the result that an odd volume of Pope's 'Homer,' two plated candlesticks, an ivory letter-weight, a small oak barometer, and a ball of twine are all that have vanished.
You are here for a rest, my dear fellow. For Heaven's sake don't get started on a new problem when your nerves are all in shreds.
We were at breakfast when the Colonel's butler rushed in with all his propriety shaken out of him. "Have you heard the news, sir?" he gasped. "At the Cunningham's sir!" "Burglary!" cried the Colonel, with his coffee-cup in mid-air. "Murder!"
He was shot through the heart.
It was William, the coachman. He was shot through the heart.
You are running out of disk space.
Can we see each other this evening?
"Who shot him, then?" "The burglar, sir. "
"What time?" "It was last night, sir, somewhere about twelve."
I hope that you have learned something from your mistake.
I hope you'll hear me out.
Let's run it up the flagpole and see if anyone salutes it.
They curled up together on the sofa.
Mary was curled on the sofa.
Tom tossed the book on the couch.
Will it play in Peoria?
We were chatting about the matter when you came in, Inspector. Perhaps you can let us have a few details.
Mr. Cunningham saw him from the bedroom window, and Mr. Alec Cunningham saw him from the back passage.
Tom saw the thief from the bedroom window.
It was quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just got into bed, and Mr. Alec was smoking a pipe in his dressing-gown.
Mr. Alec ran down to see what was the matter.
Tom ran down to see what was the matter.
I've been bitten by a snake.
Tom never kisses me.
Tom never kisses me anymore.
Tom never kisses his wife anymore.
Tom ran outside to see what was happening.
I hope you've learned something from your mistake.
He has an unerring eye.
The back door was open.
I hope no one sees us.
I hope no one saw you coming in here.
I hope no one saw you doing that.
I hope no one saw me kissing Tom.
I hope no one followed you.
Tom and Mary spent as much time together as they could.
I'm sure Tom would agree.
Do you have any daughters?
They're still following us.
Maybe you should've told Tom the truth.
Don't forget to turn the light off when you leave.
Tom writes everything down.
As he came to the foot of the stairs, he saw two men wrestling together outside.
She could not help but think about him.
She could not help but think about Tom.
He could not help but think about Mary.
He could not help but think about her.
Tom could not help but think about Mary.
Mary could not help but think about Tom.
The murderer rushed across the garden and over the hedge.
Did he say anything before he died?
Did she say anything before she died?
Did Tom say anything before he died?
The lock has been forced.
Did William say anything to his mother before going out?
She is very old and deaf.
She is very old and deaf, and we can get no information from her.
The shock has made her half-witted, but I understand that she was never very bright.
He took a small piece of torn paper from a note-book and spread it out upon his knee.
This was found between the finger and thumb of the dead man.
Tom put on his jeans and a T-shirt.
Did Tom say anything to you before going out?
Did Tom say anything to you before he left?
Tom is old and deaf.
Tom took a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Mary.
Between ourselves, I think Mr. Holmes has not quite got over his illness yet. He's been behaving very queerly, and he is very much excited.
She was absolutely charming.
"I don't think you need alarm yourself," said I. "I have usually found that there was method in his madness." "Some folks might say there was madness in his method," muttered the Inspector.
We found Holmes pacing up and down in the field, his chin sunk upon his breast, and his hands thrust into his trousers pockets.
Watch your tone.
Watson, your country-trip has been a distinct success. I have had a charming morning.
"You have been up to the scene of the crime, I understand," said the Colonel. "Yes; the Inspector and I have made quite a little reconnaissance together."
Tom is kind of weird.
Tom is kind of strange.
We could get no information from her, as she is very old and feeble.
And what is the result of your investigations?
I think that we are both agreed, Inspector that the fragment of paper in the dead man's hand, bearing, as it does, the very hour of his death written upon it, is of extreme importance.
"I have made inquiries," said the Inspector. "William received a letter by the afternoon post yesterday. "
A constable was standing at the kitchen door.
My poor friend's face had suddenly assumed the most dreadful expression. His eyes rolled upwards, his features writhed in agony, and with a suppressed groan he dropped on his face upon the ground.
Good heavens, Mr. Holmes! What is the matter?
What time did you see Tom doing that?
About what time did you hear the shots?
Horrified at the suddenness and severity of the attack, we carried him into the kitchen, where he lay back in a large chair, and breathed heavily for some minutes.
What time was it when you got here?
Do you remember what time it was when you heard the explosion?
What time are you planning to leave?
When are you planning to leave?
What time is Tom supposed to get here?
What time did Tom finally leave?
When did Tom finally leave?
Expensive shoes don't make you run faster.
When is Tom supposed to get here?
Using Excel is not easy.
The storm raged outside.
Tom struggled to keep his eyes open.
Only Tom would've known that.
So this is where you've been.
Tom got flustered when filling out the paperwork.
Tom says he thinks Mary isn't going to win.
I hope nobody followed you.
I hope nobody saw me kissing Tom.
I hope nobody saw you doing that.
I hope nobody saw you coming in here.
I hope that no one saw you coming in here.
I hope that nobody saw you coming in here.
The editor is on vacation.
I did a week's worth of work in an afternoon.
I like jazz, but I don't too.
I must learn Spanish as fast as possible.
The city is simultaneously killing me and reviving me.
Restaurant workers work hard to please their customers.
Tom did three weeks' worth of work in just one afternoon.
Tom was shot through the heart with an arrow from a crossbow.
Tom says Mary has always lived in Boston.
Tom threw me the apple.
Tom chucked the apple to me.
Tom threw the apple to me.
Tom is just pulling your chain.
I met Tom this October.
Don't mess with me, Tom.
Tom often borrows books from Mary.
Let's walk to the tide pools.
Tom married Mary last month.
The crabs eat much like humans eat popcorn.
Rarely do I see fish in the surf.
That's a jarring choice of words.
There's a lot of filth in this city.
A cricket and a centipede came out to search for food around midnight.
What is your native tongue?
Tom was as proud as a peacock.
We're going out for a little walk.
To get some enemies you don't need to declare war, just say what you think.
How long does it take to get through customs at the airport?
Tom is Mary's cousin, not her brother.
I thought Tom was going to kiss me.
It doesn't rain here every day, but it does rain here a lot.
Can your wife speak French?
I'd like to help Tom if I can.
The time is always right to do the right thing.
Don't you think it's time to get out of bed?
There's no toilet paper left.
We're out of toilet paper.
Who told you Tom would be here?
It's impossible to predict the future.
No one can predict the future.
This computer's a lot faster than my old one.
Don't give Tom what he wants.
Don't give Tom what he's asking for.
I like Tom's voice.
Tom's plane is landing right now.
Have you ever considered volunteering?
What do you think of this song?
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston since they got married.
I've lived in this neighborhood for three years.
I decorated the house by myself.
Tom would've shown you how to do that if you'd asked him.
Tom said he was unlikely to cry.
Tom says he hopes to change that soon.
Tom is having the same problem I am.
The CEO was awarded stock options.
Your body is on loan from the planet. All the countless numbers of people who have lived on this planet before you and me have all become topsoil, and so will you. This planet will collect back atom by atom what it has loaned to you.
The fleet was on mid ocean; land no more / was visible, naught else above, before / but sky and sea, when overhead did loom / a storm-cloud, black as heaven itself, that bore / dark night and wintry tempest in its womb, / and all the waves grew rough and shuddered with the gloom.
There was no powder-blackening on the clothes. Evidently, therefore, Alec Cunningham had lied when he said that the two men were struggling when the shot was fired.
When Cunningham saw that the case against him was so strong he lost all heart and made a clean breast of everything.
Watson, I think our quiet rest in the country has been a distinct success, and I shall certainly return much invigorated to Baker Street tomorrow.
One summer night, a few months after my marriage, I was seated by my own hearth smoking a last pipe and nodding over a novel, for my day's work had been an exhausting one.
My wife had already gone upstairs, and the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told me that the servants had also retired.
I had risen from my seat and was knocking out the ashes of my pipe when I suddenly heard the clang of the bell.
I looked at the clock. It was a quarter to twelve.
This could not be a visitor at so late an hour.
With a wry face I went out into the hall and opened the door. To my astonishment it was Sherlock Holmes who stood upon my step.
"Ah, Watson," said he, "I hoped that I might not be too late to catch you."
My dear fellow, pray come in.
All human beings are members of one frame, since all, at first, from the same essence came.
You told me that you had bachelor quarters for one, and I see that you have no gentleman visitor at present. Your hat-stand proclaims as much.
I shall be delighted if you will stay.
No, thank you, I had some supper at Waterloo, but I'll smoke a pipe with you with pleasure.
He seated himself opposite to me and smoked for some time in silence.
I was sleepy before you came. I am quite wakeful now.
Mind is not in any one place. Every cell in this body has its own intelligence. The brain is sitting in your head, but mind is all over the place.
Long live India!
Long live Maharashtra!
Long live India, long live Maharashtra!
Victory to India!
Victory to Maharashtra!
Victory to India, victory to Maharashtra!
Don't give Tom too much credit.
Victory to Bhavani!
The square of a real number cannot be negative.
How did a taxi driver's son from working-class London make the unlikely journey to the top of the fashion world, and what made him end it all at the height of his powers?
Fashion is a compelling subject for documentaries.
Fashion is a compelling subject for documentaries; few subjects are so enticingly visual.
The fashion world is a bubble.
"The fashion world is a bubble,'' said Ettedgui. "They don't necessarily take kindly to outsiders coming in and revealing their secrets.''
The filmmakers can only speculate why McQueen, who struggled with drug addiction, took his life.
"He had this reputation for being abrasive, punk,'' said Ettedgui. "But what we see in the archive is McQueen with friends, with his parents, even his beloved dogs, being very human and very tender at times.''
Bonhote also noted the designer's ambivalence about the world he had chosen, clearly expressed in shows like his famous Voss, in which he forced the assembled fashion world to literally stare at itself for long minutes into a mirrored cube — which in turn represented an insane asylum.
Tom took his parents' car for a spin.
Tom took his parents' car for a spin without permission and crashed it.
Tom managed to control the spinning car at the last minute.
Mary took Tom's car keys.
Tom took Mary's car keys away because she was drunk.
Providing alcohol to minors is not a criminal offense in this state.
A deer jumped out in front of Tom's car.
Tom might have avoided the deer if he had not been distracted.
Tom stopped at a rest area.
The truck driver stopped at a rest area.
The truck driver stopped at a rest area because he was tired.
Mary walked arm in arm with her father.
In the past, fans might wear a team shirt even if it wasn't "particularly attractive," Doonan says. "Now guys wear their shirt, but they want it to look cool … and go out to some bar or night spot and feel like Mr. Fabulous."
This year's runaway hit is Nigeria's jersey, mainly lime green with a black-and-white wing motif on the sleeves.
It became the cool thing that people had to have to wear with their street-style outfits. It was very flamboyant. Really fun. Daring. A lot of pattern, a lot of color. And it tweaked something in the global consciousness.
When the editor returned from lunch, he flew into a rage.
The servers are down.
Tom is a total geek.
Tom wanted to make a lot of money quickly.
Tom lost all his money in a "get rich quick" scheme.
Tom promised me that I would make a lot of money very quickly and that there was absolutely no risk.
You need to use your common sense.
How can I find out what common sense is?
Tom is reasonable, down to earth and practical.
I ordered garlic shrimp and steak, but only got two shrimp with my steak.
You say you're having adventures in the city, but you're just getting fatter.
Tom pooped in the ocean while swimming.
I need a new USB cable for my cellphone.
I bought a T-shirt from the surf shop.
These melon smoothies are making me fat.
The dog loves car rides.
Tom adjusted the mirrors.
Tom pushed the clutch pedal down with his left foot.
The rear tires spun.
Winds roll the waters, and the great seas rise. / Dispersed we welter on the gulfs. Damp night / has snatched with rain the heaven from our eyes, / and storm-mists in a mantle wrapt the light. / Flash after flash, and for a moment bright, / quick lightnings rend the welkin. Driven astray / we wander, robbed of reckoning, reft of sight. / No difference now between the night and day / e'en Palinurus sees, nor recollects the way.
He wouldn't give me any legal advice so I asked his dog.
Tom couldn't believe that he was going out with one of the best looking girls at school.
Mary couldn't believe that she was going out with one of the best looking guys at school.
Tom took his foot off the gas.
Tom practiced his parallel parking.
Her ex was a mechanic.
In other words, he lied.
In other words, she lied.
In other words, they lied.
In other words, Tom lied.
I'll be the judge of that.
Tom works four days a week but gets paid for five.
Tom works six days a week but gets paid for five.
Ontario is Canada's most populous province.
What has happened before will happen again. What has been done before will be done again. There is nothing new in the whole world.
"Look," they say, "here is something new!" But no, it has all happened before, long before we were born.
No one remembers what has happened in the past, and no one in days to come will remember what happens between now and then.
I have seen everything done in this world, and I tell you, it is all useless. It is like chasing the wind.
I was determined to learn the difference between knowledge and foolishness, wisdom and madness. But I found out that I might as well be chasing the wind.
The wiser you are, the more worries you have; the more you know, the more it hurts.
The sun also ariseth, and the sun goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.
The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.
All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
“‘Meaningless! Meaningless!’ says the Teacher. ‘Utterly meaningless! Everything is meaningless’”
Half of the magazine's pages are advertisements.
Oh you poor baby! What happened?
If you resist change, you resist life.
Tom didn't even know how to kiss a girl.
I bet you don't even know how to kiss a girl.
Teachers also learn from their pupils.
Teachers also learn from their students.
Unless you do the right things, the right things will not happen to you.
Tom took the last available spot.
He gave me his number.
Tom gave me his number.
She gave me his number.
She gave me her number.
Tom gave Mary his number.
Tom gave Mary John's number.
Mary gave Tom her number.
He was desperate to kiss her.
She was desperate to kiss him.
Does it have something to do with Mary?
Tom had planned for this.
Mary had planned for this.
He had planned for this.
She had planned for this.
Tom cursed to himself silently.
Tom was completely clueless.
Tom put his shoes on and stepped out of the house.
She kept looking at him longingly.
It's getting pretty dark.
Tom has bright blue eyes.
Mary has bright blue eyes.
I wouldn't know about that.
I don't really understand football.
Three days, made doubtful by the blinding gloom, / as many nights, when not a star is seen, / we wander on, uncertain of our doom.
Learning to listen is the essence of intelligent living.
How exactly did it happen?
She gradually moved closer to him.
Tom gradually moved closer to Mary.
They moved closer to each other.
They gradually moved closer to each other.
Confidence and stupidity are a very dangerous combination, but they generally go together.
I'm going to show this to Tom.
We're a little short-handed.
He was holding her hand.
Mary asked him to come closer.
Mary asked Tom to come closer.
Mary asked Tom to come closer. And then she slapped him.
Responsibility simply means your ability to respond.
Tom works six days a week but only gets paid for five.
Tom looked a bit concerned.
Mary looked a bit concerned.
Why are weekends only two days long?
What if the plan doesn't work?
What if our plan doesn't work?
What if your plan doesn't work?
What if Tom's plan doesn't work?
Woo hoo! It's the weekend!
Their lips were only a few inches apart.
Who invented weekends?
The International Labour Organization defines a workweek exceeding hours as excessive.
Tom asked for a day off.
We need to destroy the shield generator.
We need to protect the shield generator.
You can play as a human, as an elf or as a dwarf.
Smoke rose from the chimney.
Give me the rope.
I'm sorry. I really have to go.
Adam's sons are limbs of one body, yea, for they're created from the same clay.
This is just vodka. I mean water.
The six-toed dog chased the seven-toed cat across the yard.
That's perfectly acceptable.
Everyone learns differently.
The main ingredient is sugar.
I can't sit still long enough to watch TV.
Americans are having fewer babies.
They were led astray.
Canadians are having fewer children.
There are more seniors living in Canada than children.
The bonus material was actually bogus.
Show me this book!
Many women are delaying childbirth.
That's not fair! You saw my cards in the mirror!
The cost of raising a child in the United States is estimated to be about $235,000.
One of the biggest costs of raising a child is child care.
France is Europe's most fertile country.
My wine is excellent. And how is yours?
France's birth rate is declining.
The Mont Blanc is Europe's tallest mountain.
The Mont Blanc is Europe's highest mountain.
Drink a glass of water before every meal.
Mary sings better than Tom.
Tom forgot to stamp his train ticket at the station.
Tom must not laugh.
Tom found a pen.
Leave the dog outside!
The dog must stay outside!
A swallow flies over the roof.
Tom is worried about the economy.
We can't afford to have more children.
Many couples disagree about having babies.
We stayed with our friends.
Most men contribute relatively little to the burden of childcare.
Tom suffers from headaches.
Tom wanted to have another baby, but his wife didn't.
We're having another baby.
Tom is suffering from insomnia.
Tom wants to have another baby, but Mary doesn't.
Mary wants to have another baby, but Tom doesn't.
Tom pretended he hadn't heard.
Tom ordered an extra large pizza.
Everybody cries sometimes.
Mary smiled sweetly.
This tragedy also had a silver lining.
What time do you go to the airport?
Romans wore togas.
Put your phone away and listen to me.
Put your phone away and listen to me!
I like spicy.
The child likes to play with the cats.
I wash the elephants.
The cat is much larger than the rat.
Today there was a powerful storm in Japan.
When did you come to Cambodia?
Don't be such a stick-in-the-mud.
Tom and Mary had the same idea.
Looks like we both had the same idea.
It looks like we both had the same idea.
Tom kissed his cat.
Mary kissed her cat.
How did she become such a stick-in-the-mud?
I'm not a stick in the mud.
They both had the same idea.
Tom combed his fingers through his hair.
Is there any way I can convince you?
Tom and Mary both had the same idea.
Both Tom and Mary had the same idea.
Tom thought both of Mary's ideas were good.
Tom didn't like either of Mary's ideas.
What kind of medications cause hives?
What drugs are used to lower blood pressure?
What kind of pain medication can I give my dog?
How much aspirin can I give my dog?
What non-prescription medications are you taking?
This is one of the best over-the-counter pain killers you can buy.
The cough syrup that Tom recommended worked well.
What are some of the side effects of chemotherapy?
What are some of the common side effects of Lipitor?
Are you taking a cholesterol-lowering medication?
What are some ways you can lower your blood pressure without medication?
Can you recommend a good over-the-counter allergy medicine?
I forgot to take my medicine this morning.
Hay fever medicine usually makes me drowsy.
Tom's mother had trouble getting him to take the medicine that the doctor had prescribed.
This plant is widely used as medicine.
Tom says he hopes you'll be able to win.
It doesn't sound bad at all.
I wished Tom would go away.
I wished all my problems would go away.
I wish all my problems would go away.
I wish my problems would all go away.
I wish Tom would leave me alone.
Tom says he's never eaten Thai food.
Tom says he's never heard Mary sing.
Tom says that he's never studied French.
Tom says that he's never been to Boston.
Tom says that he's never eaten Thai food.
Tom says that he's never heard Mary sing.
Tom isn't likely to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom isn't likely to know where Mary lives.
Tom isn't likely to be at tonight's party.
Tom isn't likely to get into Harvard.
Tom pretended he hadn't heard what Mary had said about him.
I was very impressed by Tom's speech.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Where is the gymnasium?
Tom wants Mary only for the money.
He was kind enough to lead me to the ticket counter.
No matter how kind your children are, German children are Kinder.
When angry, count to ten before you speak; if very angry, count to one hundred.
At last the fourth glad daybreak clears the scene, / and rising land, and opening uplands green, / and rolling smoke at distance greet the view.
No longer tarrying; to our oars we lean. / Down drop the sails; in order ranged, each crew / flings up the foam to heaven, and sweeps the sparkling blue.
Tom was unshaven.
A federal appeals court on Friday rejected the Trump administration’s renewed bid to dismiss a lawsuit by young activists who say it is ignoring the perils of climate change.
Twenty-one children and young adults accused federal officials and oil industry executives of violating their due process rights by knowing for decades that carbon pollution poisons the environment but doing nothing about it.
As the planet heats up from the effects of climate change, so, too, can conflicts.
Two major rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates, run through Iraq.
The Tigris and Euphrates start in Turkey and flow through or by Syria and Iraq.
In other parts of the world, decreased rain and snowfall, drought and warming temperatures are diminishing water resources and complicating daily life for nomadic and agricultural communities.
Nomadic peoples follow the water and grazing land.
The World Meteorological Organization warns the floods, heatwaves and other extreme weather conditions gripping many parts of the world are likely to continue as a consequence of accelerating climate change.
While the world was fixated on the dramatic rescue from a cave in Thailand of boys and their soccer coach, potentially deadly monsoon rains were gathering steam in the region.
The recent catastrophic flooding in Japan, the worst in decades, has claimed at least lives.
The Los Angeles area in California continues to hit record high temperatures, such as 48.degrees Celsius in the city of Chino.
A city in the Algerian Sahara Desert has reported temperatures of 51.degrees Celsius.
"No specific event can be attributed to climate change, but what we are seeing is consistent with climate change scenarios," said Nullis. "Extreme heat, consistent heat, persistent heat and heavy precipitation.”
Currently, 7.billion people live on Earth, and the world population is expected to rise to 9.billion by 2050.
The Green Revolution is the name given to the development of high-yielding rice and wheat in the 1960s. These crops dramatically boosted food supplies in India and elsewhere; however, they required large amounts of water and fertilizer.
Small changes can lead to big impacts.
Warming waters have reduced the harvest of Alaska's prized Copper River salmon to just a small fraction of last year's harvest.
The runs of Copper River salmon were so low that the Alaska Department of Fish and Game shut down the commercial harvest last month, halting what is usually a three-month season after less than two weeks.
In Alaska, where wild salmon is iconic, Copper River fish hold a special status. Their high oil content is linked to their ultra-long migration route from the ocean to their glacier-fed spawning grounds.
Copper River salmon are the first fresh Alaska salmon to hit the market each year.
Pope Francis has told the world's oil executives that a transition to less-polluting energy sources "is a challenge of epochal proportions."
Microplastics — the remnants of plastic bags, takeout containers and straws that almost-but-not-quite disintegrate in the oceans — are found in out of fish, such as squid, cuttlefish and swordfish in markets around the world.
Under the hood of a shark costume was Brian Yurasits, director of development at the nonprofit TerraMar Project, which educates and promotes ocean issues.
Holding a sign that read, “Sharks are friends, not food,” Yurasits emphasized that issues about ocean health “is more than just plastic.” “It’s overfishing, climate change, invasive species and habitat loss,” he said.
The youth-led Sea Youth Rise Up advocates for ocean conservation, including reduced single-use plastics such as plastic straws, water bottles and shopping bags, which the ocean breaks down into microplastics.
Much of the plastic that ends up in the oceans was blown into rivers first from uncontained trash on land.
Microplastics are microscopic and smaller than plankton, a popular food choice of larger marine life.
Because microplastics can’t be digested, they build up in the fish that consume them.
Overfishing also threatens ocean health. It occurs when more fish are caught than the population can replace through natural reproduction.
According to the World Wildlife Federation, several important commercial fish populations, such as Atlantic bluefin tuna, have declined to the point where their survival as a species is threatened.
Ocean acidification occurs when seawater absorbs carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide is released into the air by burning fossil fuels, like oil and coal. That makes the ocean more acidic, which harms shellfish, other marine life and plants.
Women must be at the heart of climate action if the world is to limit the deadly impact of disasters such as floods, former Irish president and U.N. rights commissioner Mary Robinson said on Monday.
Feminism doesn't mean excluding men, it's about being more inclusive of women and - in this case - acknowledging the role they can play in tackling climate change.
"Climate change is a man-made problem and must have a feminist solution," Robinson said at a meeting of climate experts.
Antarctica is melting at an astonishing pace.
I think we should be worried. That doesn't mean we should be desperate.
Lead author Andrew Shepherd of the University of Leeds in England said it is possible that Antarctica's melting alone could add centimeters to sea level rise across the globe by the end of this century.
I will admit that I didn’t always stick to this rule of thumb.
Dozens of water buffalo in Iraq's southeastern wetlands have died because of low water levels in the marshes, threatening the livelihoods of a community of marsh dwellers that has made the area its home for millennia.
More than water buffalo have died in the past month and many more are threatened with disease as the water level falls.
Iraq's marsh Arabs live amid a flat landscape of water and grasses near the border with Iran. The area is thought to be the site of the biblical Garden of Eden and UNESCO named it a world heritage site in 2016.
The inhabitants use wooden pirogues with outboard motors to navigate waterways that stretch from horizon to horizon.
Their way of life and distance from Iraq's cities have kept them on the fringes of society.
In Seoul, for example, a major elevated thoroughfare through the center of the city has been removed, opening up access to the river and lowering urban heat in the area by at least half a degree Celsius.
For hours every day and often before sunrise, Ghouate and other women from nearby villages would walk km to fetch water from open wells, with girls pulled out of school to help and at risk of violence on the lonely treks.
With groundwater levels dropping due to overuse, drought and climate change, the challenge to get enough water daily was becoming harder.
I feel like the hours they have given are way too low.
As the future of the traditional Berber region by Mount Boutmezguida floundered, a mathematician whose family came from the area had a eureka moment gleaned from living overseas - using fog to make water.
Now Ghouate's village is connected to the world's largest functioning fog collection project, alleviating the need to collect water that fell mainly on women.
Mist accumulates in coastal areas where a cold sea current, an anticyclone and a land obstacle, such as a mountain range, combine.
Throughout nature examples exist of creatures capturing moisture from the air in the most arid conditions, ranging from beetles in the Namib Desert to lizards in the Australian outback.
The original fog collection nets used were insufficiently resistant to the high winds and tore but a partnership with the German non-profit Water Foundation allowed Dar Si Hmad to develop a stronger net.
The refugees' fate stirred up compassion around the world.
Sheltered by a tarpaulin from the blazing sun, a group of Kenyan women weave handfuls of dried reeds, their practiced hands turning them into exquisite baskets, mats and hats that have been sold to tourists from around the world.
On hot days like this, the sun withers crops and cracks the earth.
Regina Kaari, 70, is a member of the Tharaka Green Gold group, a collective of elderly entrepreneurs who started weaving baskets a decade ago.
Translating from one language to the other makes room for a lot of mistakes and unnatural speech.
The emissions that we are causing today will still be in the atmosphere-ocean system thousands of years from now.
Once they were finished, goods from the factory were taken to the warehouse for storage.
Tom is funny and charming.
The prisoner wore an orange jumpsuit.
We must find a way to stop them.
Are we having fun yet?
Tom says he has no intention of returning to Boston.
Tom said he had no intention of leaving Boston.
Tom sings better than Mary.
Tom sings better than Mary does.
Tom is a better singer than Mary.
As dessert, I take a banana.
Mary made pancakes today.
My stomach is bloated.
I like trout fishing.
Maybe they should've told Tom the truth.
The two fields are separated by a wall.
As I am free all afternoon, I'll let you to set the hour of our meeting.
After I closed all the doors, I went to sleep.
Saved from the sea, the Strophades we gain, / so called in Greece, where dwells, with Harpies, dire / Celaeno, in the vast Ionian main, / since, forced from Phineus' palace to retire, / they fled their former banquet.
Heavenly ire / ne'er sent a pest more loathsome; ne'er were seen / worse plagues to issue from the Stygian mire.
Birds maiden-faced, but trailing filth obscene, / with taloned hands and looks for ever pale and lean.
The harbour gained, lo! herds of oxen bright / and goats untended browse the pastures fair.
We, sword in hand, make onset, and invite / the gods and Jove himself the spoil to share, / and piling couches, banquet on the fare.
The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man.
When straight, down-swooping from the hills meanwhile / the Harpies flap their clanging wings, and tear / the food, and all with filthy touch defile, / and, mixt with screams, uprose a sickening stench and vile.
Once more, within a cavern screened from view, / where circling trees a rustling shade supply, / the boards are spread, the altars blaze anew.
Tom is a floral designer.
Mary is a floral designer.
Inflation is forecast to reach million percent in Venezuela by the end of the year.
Germany experienced hyperinflation in 1923.
The Weimar Republic experienced hyperinflation in 1923.
Tom was immaculately dressed.
It seems they don't have the slightest intention of restoring it.
I ate a banana for dessert.
I often eat a banana for dessert.
For dessert, I usually eat fruit.
Tom reinstalled the software that had accidentally been deleted.
The boys at my school are stupid.
I have to walk to the post office.
I need to send these papers overnight.
There should be some type of checks and balances.
She shattered the mirror with a hammer.
She couldn't come because she was sick.
It's not easily accessible.
Don't cross the tracks when the alarm is ringing.
Don't forget to think before you speak.
She decided to study epidemiology, in the hopes of preventing a zombie apocalypse!
It might help if you invert the colours.
The recording engineer sighed as he said, "Would you like to try that again?"
He was charged with the crime of abusive language.
When you see a butcher shop ahead of you, turn left.
Where is Tom planning to take pictures?
That was in our letterbox.
He refused to exercise self-restraint.
Is it Christmas again already?
I am already searching for my glasses again.
Tom's strange logic gave unexpected results.
It looks like this house is a total mess.
You are not pregnant.
Never trouble another for what you can do yourself.
Never spend your money before you have it.
Back, from another quarter of the sky, / dark-ambushed, round the clamorous Harpies fly / with taloned claws, and taste and taint the prey.
To arms I call my comrades, and defy / the loathsome brood to battle.
They obey, / and swords and bucklers hide amid the grass away.
So when their screams descending fill the strand, / Misenus from his outlook sounds the fray.
All to the strange encounter, sword in hand, / rush forth, these miscreants of the deep to slay.
You are not a dog. Are you a cat?
No wounds they take, no weapon wins it way. / Swiftly they soar, all leaving, ere they go, / their filthy traces on the half-gorged prey.
It was a dreary day and Tom didn't feel like going out.
Tom can be insufferable at times.
Your problems won't just go away because you cover your eyes.
On a recent weekday afternoon in Ho Chi Minh City, the passengers bouncing along on one of the city's green buses breathed in mouthfuls of carbon monoxide, hydrogen cyanide and other chemicals that add to Vietnam's notorious pollution. The toxic smoke did not come from the bus itself, but from the man driving it — one hand supporting the wheel, the other holding a cigarette.
Worldwide, nearly a third of deaths stemming from heart problems are connected to smoking, the WHO said.
A catastrophic dam collapse in Laos has left hundreds missing and thousands homeless with at least several feared dead.
Some residents were washed away by the flooding and others were left clinging to trees.
One simply can't be good to everyone.
Sometimes my sister makes supper.
Tom was pleased because he did a good thing.
Children like chocolate.
You wash the vegetables, I'll wash the fruit.
I'm thirsty, I need water!
I'm bringing milk.
I'm going to bed, because tomorrow I must get up early.
A man is bringing wine.
The children are running.
You wash the vegetables and I'll wash the fruit.
Tom forgot to pay the electric bill.
Tom thought Mary would probably do that.
Every day is lost in which we do not learn something useful. Man has no nobler or more valuable possession than time.
Tom took hold of the doorknob and turned it.
Always take hold of things by the smooth handle.
Can I be helpful?
Can I be helpful to you?
Every other creature is working for the wellbeing of Mother Earth. Only we humans need to transform.
The man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them, inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehood and errors.
The object of walking is to relax the mind. You should therefore not permit yourself even to think while you walk. But divert your attention by the objects surrounding you.
One perched, Celaeno, on a rock, and lo, / thus croaked the dismal seer her prophecy of woe. / "War, too, Laomedon's twice-perjured race! / War do ye bring, our cattle stol'n and slain? / And unoffending Harpies would ye chase / forth from their old, hereditary reign?"
Think as you please, and so let others, and you will have no disputes.
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance.
All words are pegs to hang ideas on.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs, jolted by every pebble in the road.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
The forces for good and evil are in all of us, but we must learn to free ourselves of the chains of malice and the longing for material things.
Now comes the mystery!
"Mark then my words and in your breasts retain. / What Jove, the Sire omnipotent, of old / revealed to Phoebus, and to me again / Phoebus Apollo at his hest foretold, / I now to thee and thine, the Furies' Queen, unfold."
"Ye seek Italia and, with favouring wind, / shall reach Italia, and her ports attain."
"But ne'er the town, by Destiny assigned, / your walls shall gird, till famine's pangs constrain / to gnaw your boards, in quittance for our slain."
Tom answered in detail.
So spake the Fiend, and backward to the wood / soared on the wing.
Cold horror froze each vein. / Aghast and shuddering my comrades stood; / down sank at once each heart, and terror chilled the blood. / No more with arms, for peace with vows and prayer / we sue, and pardon of these powers implore, / or be they goddesses or birds of air / obscene and dire.
Mr. Tatsuya deals in grain.
Tom's tie is yellow.
How can I find out what separates me from my luck?
It's late, let's go!
Who am I? What can I do? What do I want?
How can I motivate myself?
How can I learn to believe in myself?
How do I find out what I want?
How do I find out what separates me from my luck?
Other people are scared of me.
Even in hard situations I don't give up.
I have two tickets for the concert.
There have been many uprises in the history of this town.
He moved around like an elephant in a porcelain store.
I'll sodomize and face-fuck you.
I'll fuck your ass and face.
There's a tendency to confide more often in beautiful people.
I spoke to everyone.
I talked to everyone.
I was speaking to everyone.
I was talking to everyone.
The announcer can talk fast.
A doctor who is not an artist is no doctor either.
He stayed on the platform for a long time and followed the departing train with his eyes.
Tom looked at me with exasperation.
Mary looked at Tom with exasperation.
This isn't as bad as I thought.
We spent the day together.
I love the sound of his voice.
I love the sound of her voice.
Tom likes the sound of Mary's voice.
We all make mistakes, except me.
We all make mistakes, except me of course.
I just wanted to feel loved.
Pull over. I'm going to be sick.
Can you pull over? I'm going to be sick.
Can you pull over? I think I'm going to be sick.
Tom's grandfather called him a young whippersnapper.
I don't think you realize how much I miss you.
Behind every great man is a great woman.
Tom said that he had no intention of leaving Boston.
Mary's voice was very gentle.
Her voice was gentle and soft.
Tom turned the night-light on.
Tom can't sleep without a light.
I can't sleep with the door closed.
Tom can't sleep with the door closed.
Tom can't sleep with the door open.
Tom can't sleep with the door closed, and Mary can't sleep with the door open.
Don't buy me anything!
I don't want you to buy anything for me.
Please don't buy me anything.
What would you like me to buy?
Tact is good taste applied to conduct.
Uncertainty is to the soul as torture is to the body.
Certain things are easier to legalize than legitimize.
It's impossible to live in the world without playing at comedy from time to time.
Fame is the privilege of being known to those who do not know you.
The worst of all mésalliances is that of the heart.
I'm at Tom's.
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.
My ex-wife wants to ruin my new relationship.
We're listening to Celtic music.
No one takes the ban seriously anymore.
The ban is no longer taken seriously by anyone.
Do you have a life goal?
Tom says he's never seen Mary dance.
Tom says he's never liked Chinese food.
Tom says he's never driven a truck.
Tom says he's never grown corn.
Tom says he's never milked a cow.
Tom isn't likely to want to eat out tonight.
Tom isn't likely to pass the driving test.
Tom isn't likely to be here tomorrow.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that with us.
I've never tried hang gliding.
Have you ever played chess with Tom?
I wonder who would buy an expensive thing like this.
Running away is shameful, but it's useful.
How long has Tom been teaching French?
How long has Tom been in the pool?
I've got an important message for Tom.
You'd better put on a raincoat.
You didn't need to come here so early.
You'd better start at once.
You need to be at the station by 2:30.
I wonder what kind of people buy these kinds of things.
Tom humiliated Mary in front of everyone.
Mary went to play with Tom.
Health is more important than anything else.
Do you have a goal in life?
Did you drive when you were in Australia?
I've never tried riding a unicycle.
I'm driving to Boston tomorrow.
I tried to get Tom to learn to drive.
I think it would be dangerous for you to do that.
How long did it take you to drive from Boston to here?
You'd better not do that while Tom is here.
Who's to say what is possible and where?
Now everything's going smoothly.
Now all is well.
Now everything's good.
You're like your sister.
I have two seats for the concert.
It's late, let's get out of here!
He wants to fight racism.
Why doesn't Tom satisfy our curiosity?
He has a big restaurant next to the sea.
Is there a club in the village?
Not everything with two cheeks is a face.
Everyone says it isn't possible. Someone has come here not knowing this and simply done it!
Showering as a couple saves water and time.
The only one who really knows you is God.
We need the car to go back home.
Tom said he wanted everyone to have to learn French.
If only everyone were the way I should be.
Since ski season hasn't started, I'll practice climbing.
The jello will firm up as it chills.
That's like looking under girls' skirts.
There you'll find a big intersection with traffic lights.
And lifting on the shore / his hands, Anchises doth the gods adore. / "O Heaven!" he cries, "avert these threats; be kind / and stay the curse, and vex with plagues no more / a pious folk."
I'm only giving this half a star because zero stars isn't an option.
Then bids the crews unbind / the stern-ropes, loose the sheets and spread them to the wind.
He had good reasons for getting angry.
The South-wind fills the canvas; on we fly / where breeze and pilot drive us through the deep.
All things are in the hands of God.
All things are in God's hands.
I am a mother.
I'm a mother.
Does it have rice?
Does she have rice?
Does he have rice?
You demanded a lawyer.
You will need a lawyer.
Can you also speak Portuguese?
They missed the plane by two hours.
The bull mooed.
The horse lowered its head.
A cat sat on the table.
People often hide their true feelings.
A noble horse doesn't care about a barking dog.
The minister of defense was executed by anti-aircraft machine gun fire for falling asleep during a military parade.
Mary groomed her horse.
Tom groomed his horse.
You're not fond of Tom's dog.
I plan to go to Kobe next week.
"You have to learn to say 'No'." — "No, that I don't have to learn."
They say vampires are disgusted by garlic, but that's completely untrue. To vampires, actually, garlic is delicious; for example, they enjoy spicing up their hamburgers with it.
I'm glad I wasn't here.
Some people are really good at spotting when others are lying.
Not everyone who is nice to you is your friend.
Raise your hand in class before speaking.
Tom lacks social skills.
At first it was just a trickle of mainly Chinese tourists arriving to make their way to the dying city' of Civita di Bagnoregio. Then it became a flood.
Civita, which dates back to Etruscan times and is perched on a small plateau of progressively eroding volcanic stone, will likely be visited this year by 800,tourists — a large number of them Chinese.
Local residents had long been resigned to their marginalization in the global economy and were used to seeing their young departing for jobs elsewhere.
Now youngsters are beginning to stay to cater to the unexpected wave of tourism.
From Europe's villages to the grand capitals of London, Paris and Rome, there has been an explosion in the number of Chinese tourists — the most visible sign of China's expanding economic presence in Europe, one both welcomed and feared.
The Chinese will account for a quarter of all global tourism by 2030, according to industry projections.
In 2017, more than six million Chinese citizens visited European countries.
The most popular European destinations for the Chinese are Britain, Italy, France, Germany and Spain.
Tourism has the potential to contribute towards employment and economic growth, as well as to development in rural, peripheral or less-developed areas.
There used to be only two restaurants in town—now there are ten.
The influx of Chinese tourists was mainly prompted by the popular Japanese animator and movie director Hayao Miyazaki, who used Civita as a backdrop for the Oscar-award winning feature film, The Enchanted City.
But not all locals are happy. One pensioner, who would only give her name as Giovanna, bewailed what she described as an "invasion," saying it has upset the tranquility of the town and the rhythm of daily life, especially at weekends, when most activity in the town used to revolve around church.
The 34-year-old farmer wakes at a.m. every morning to begin his daily chores on the small plot of land his family has worked for generations.
His first task is always to tend to his three cows, who will accompany him for the rest of the day.
His first task is always to tend to his three cows, who will accompany him for the rest of the day. He brings them to breakfast on grass and pond-water. Then, together, they plow the land.
At sunset, they return home together: the cows to their wooden shed, and Prem Buth to his concrete house next door.
Like most rural Cambodians, Prem labors in the informal economy, scraping together a living by farming two types of rice on his 1.hectares of paddy field, and repairing his neighbors’ bicycles and motorbikes.
Prem's village is just miles south of Phnom Penh, but he has been to the capital city only three times in his life.
Tom was diagnosed as having autism at age four.
The biggest problem in his life? “The inflation rate,” he said in a recent interview beneath the grove of coconut trees that fringe the lily pond where his cows drink and bathe.
I thought that you would recognize Tom.
Prem Buth repairs bikes and motorbikes from his house to augment his income from farming.
I thought you would recognize Tom.
Tom was a solitary boy.
Mary was a solitary girl.
“I don’t mind which party runs the country as long as the inflation rate goes down, the price of gasoline goes down, and we have paved roads and access to electricity,” he said.
Over the past few years, prices for essential manufactured goods and food have risen, even as the price of rice has remained stagnant.
Prem has already reduced his herd of cattle from five to three, selling two cows to raise money to buy the fertilizer and pesticides he needs to keep farming.
As a country whose manufacturing capability is largely limited to garments, Cambodia relies heavily on imported products to support the lifestyle of its growing population.
You don't like Tom's dog, do you?
In 2016, Cambodia spent $11.billion on imported products, including fabric, machinery, electronics, petroleum, and automobiles, out of a gross domestic product (GDP) of around $billion.
Many people use bicycles for transportation on the dirt roads.
“Other communes have access to clean water, but not us,” Prem said. “We need access to electricity and clean water.”
The only road connecting his home to the local market is very narrow, a one-way track, built by piling dirt between two plots of farmland.
Having paved roads would improve our livelihood, because it would give us better access to the market to sell our local products.
The bad guys lost.
Tom stood on the edge of his farmland.
Tom watched his cows graze.
Discouraged by the seemingly endless challenges of farming, Prem is increasingly focusing on his motorcycle repair business, which can earn him $to $per day if he is lucky. Still, he is determined not to give up the three cows left in his herd. “I care about them,” he said, “because they are part of my life.”
Pet owners are always happy to share a memory about the time their dog responded to their distress by coming to them or trying to get their attention. But those seemed to just be stories, until new research in the journal Learning & Behavior found that dogs really do feel empathy toward their owners.
Dogs know when their owners are sad.
Your pet dogs are part of your family and they do feel feelings towards you. And if you are talking to them, they might not necessarily understand all the words that you're saying, but they certainly understand the emotions behind them.
Study hard and learn all you can.
Be kind to animals and take care of them.
Eat all your food and never waste any.
People tend to think that dogs really care about their emotions, but we were interested in seeing if there was any scientific evidence to back that up.
In a new warning, the U.N.'s World Meteorological Organization said the world is becoming increasingly vulnerable to the impact of climate change.
Parts of the world are feeling the strain of record-breaking heatwaves, drought, devastating floods and raging wildfires. They are having a widespread impact on human health, agriculture, ecosystems and infrastructure.
Rock Steady Boxing (RSB) was designed especially for people with Parkinson's, a neurodegenerative disorder that leads to tremors and balance problems.
Parkinson's mainly affects the dopamine-producing cells in the brain.
A consortium of astronomers said Thursday they had for the first time confirmed a prediction of Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity by observing the gravitational effects of a supermassive black hole on a star zipping by it.
Einstein had posited that large gravitational forces could stretch light, much like the compression and stretching of sound waves we perceive with the change of pitch of a passing train.
Researchers from the GRAVITY consortium led by the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics realized that they had a "perfect laboratory" to test Einstein's theory with the Sagittarius A* black hole in the center of the Milky Way.
Black holes are so dense that their gravitational pull can trap even light.
The supermassive black hole Sagittarius A* has mass four million times that of our sun, making it the biggest in our galaxy.
Astronomers followed the Sstar as it passed close to the black hole on May at a speed in excess of million kilometers per hour.
The results are perfectly in line with the theory of general relativity.
More than years after he published his paper setting out the equations of general relativity, Einstein has been proved right once more.
"I am always blown away by Einstein's predictions, by the power of his reasoning which yielded this theory and which has never been faulted," said French astrophysicist Guy Perrin.
As American women seek a larger role in politics, fairer wages and an end to sexual harassment, the Girl Scouts see an opportune time to show some swagger in promoting their core mission: girl empowerment.
The Girl Scouts recruited Queen Latifah to narrate a video featuring famous former Girl Scouts — Venus Williams, Katie Couric and many more.
“Life is always better with a Girl Scout by your side, and Prince Harry truly hit the jackpot,” enthused a post on Girl Scout Blog.
“People hear ‘Girl Scouts’ and think, ‘Oh, those cute little girls that sell the cookies and make macaroni necklaces’ and that’s it,” Ferland said. “It is so much more than that.”
The Boy Scouts decided last year to admit girls into all programs. But the Girl Scouts’ parent organization, Girl Scouts of the USA, will not follow suit by admitting boys.
The Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts, as well as other youth organizations and sports leagues, have experienced membership declines in recent years, for reasons ranging from busy family schedules to the lure of online games and social media.
But the best part of being a Girl Scout? “It’s always been camping,” she said. “You put your phones away and bond with nature — and just giggle uncontrollably with your friends.”
Is modern life too complicated?
Why is life so complicated?
Tom built a model airplane.
Tom built a kite.
It just was the way things were back then.
That's the way things were back then.
That's just the way things were back then.
It was the way things were back then.
I'm glad I didn't live back then.
That was just the way things were.
Tom went on a trip to Canada with his family.
With cat-like grace he leapt toward the ledge, missed it and fell to the ground below.
Why do roads become slippery when it rains?
Tom stared at the screensaver.
Privileges have to be earned.
Tom is an intellectually gifted child.
Tom is a gifted child.
Mary is a gifted child.
Einstein did not speak until the age of four.
Tom won a trophy.
Tom won a medal.
Winning a trophy made Tom happy.
Gifted students learn more quickly.
When perfectionists don't reach their goals, they often become depressed.
Gifted children often suffer from social isolation.
Tom loves building things.
Mary loves building things.
I might have forgotten my keys.
I still remember doing that.
Tom loves making things.
Mary loves making things.
Can I ask a dumb question?
Can I ask a stupid question?
I've heard that Einstein didn't start speaking until he was four.
I've heard Einstein didn't start speaking until he was four years old.
Tom made a kite.
What do you need to make a kite?
My eyes and head hurt from crying too much.
Learning never stops.
We never stop learning.
Does the store you're going to sell rice?
Does the store you're going to sell rice? If so, please buy me some.
It is difficult not to write satire.
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?
Did Tom tell you why he didn't come to your party?
I conducted my own research.
He came to America via Canada.
He loved her, and she loved him, too.
I think different from you.
He told me the same thing.
I wonder what it would be like to be rich.
I wonder what it would be like to be famous.
How busy were you yesterday?
How much did they pay you to do that?
Tom is pleased with his success.
I might've forgotten my keys.
Tom said he left his keys at home.
Get your filthy hands off of me.
Soon, crowned with woods, Zacynthos we espy, / Dulichium, Same and the rock-bound steep / of Neritos.
Past Ithaca we creep, / Laertes' realms, and curse the land that bred / Ulysses, cause of all the woes we weep.
She's deeply in love with him.
Soon, where Leucate lifts her cloud-capt head, / looms forth Apollo's fane, the seaman's name of dread.
Whether it’s in movies, comic books or video games, fans say there is diversity in the superhero universe.
At the international Comic-Con convention that ended July 22, Emmeline Ye, a Chinese-American from San Diego, is dressed up in a Wonder Woman costume.
She said her next costume will be of her favorite character in the video game, “Overwatch.”
“I appreciate that they put a Chinese character in that game, and the fact that she’s a scientist and she’s smart. She’s helping save the world,” Ye said.
For many African-American movie fans, the film “Black Panther,” released this year, was a milestone.
In recent years, superheroes in comic books and American popular culture have become increasingly diverse.
In recent years, superheroes in comic books and American popular culture have become increasingly diverse. But fans and creators say more work needs to be done, especially on the big screen, to fully represent American society.
“The initial wave of superheroes of the 1930s and ’40s was predominantly male and always exclusively white,” Saunders said.
Skywatchers around much of the world are looking forward to a complete lunar eclipse that will be the longest this century.
The so-called "blood moon" Friday, when it turns a deep red, will be visible at different times in Australia, Africa, Asia, Europe and South America when the sun, Earth and moon line up perfectly, casting Earth's shadow on the moon.
The total eclipse will last hour and minutes.
In a special treat, Mars is in opposition on Friday — meaning the planet and the sun will be on exact opposite sides of the Earth and will shine its best.
Mars is also at its closest approach to Earth this week since 2003, making it appear bigger and brighter.
Researchers in Australia have found that an automobile’s natural vibrations can make drivers sleepy, increasing the risk of what is called “drowsy driving.”
Tom wrote Mary a nasty email.
One of Tom's customers wrote him a nasty email.
Mary cried for two days after that.
I'm proud of what I've done.
Tom is reading The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes.
I may add that she was a woman of great beauty, and that even now, when she has been married for upwards of thirty years, she is still of a striking and queenly appearance.
Colonel Barclay's family life appears to have been a uniformly happy one.
Barclay's devotion to his wife was greater than his wife's to Barclay.
There was absolutely nothing in their mutual relations to prepare people for the tragedy which was to follow.
He was a dashing, jovial old solder in his usual mood, but there were occasions on which he seemed to show himself capable of considerable violence and vindictiveness.
A coachman and two maids form the staff of servants.
The blinds were not down, for the room was seldom used in the evening, but Mrs. Barclay herself lit the lamp and then rang the bell, asking Jane Stewart, the house-maid, to bring her a cup of tea, which was quite contrary to her usual habits.
The Colonel had been sitting in the dining-room, but hearing that his wife had returned he joined her in the morning-room.
The Colonel had been sitting in the dining-room, but hearing that his wife had returned he joined her in the morning-room. The coachman saw him cross the hall and enter it. He was never seen again alive.
He was never seen again alive.
She was never seen again alive.
The tea which had been ordered was brought up at the end of ten minutes; but the maid, as she approached the door, was surprised to hear the voices of her master and mistress in furious altercation.
The maid knocked without receiving any answer, and even turned the handle, but only to find that the door was locked upon the inside.
'You coward!' she repeated over and over again.
What can be done now?
Give me back my life.
I will never so much as breathe the same air with you again!
You coward!
Convinced that some tragedy had occurred, the coachman rushed to the door and strove to force it, while scream after scream issued from within.
The door had to be opened by a locksmith.
There was one thing in the case which had made the deepest impression both upon the servants and the police. This was the contortion of the Colonel's face. It had set, according to their account, into the most dreadful expression of fear and horror which a human countenance is capable of assuming. More than one person fainted at the mere sight of him, so terrible was the effect.
No information could be got from the lady herself, who was temporarily insane from an acute attack of brain-fever.
She was on good terms with her husband.
Miss Morrison is a little ethereal slip of a girl, with timid eyes and blond hair.
I promised my friend that I would say nothing of the matter, and a promise is a promise, said she.
"I thought you had been dead this thirty years, Henry," said she, in a shaking voice.
Mary was sunbathing by the pool.
Tom was sunbathing by the pool.
Tom ordered his favorite dessert.
Mary's mother allowed her to order her favorite dessert at the restaurant.
He had a very dark, fearsome face, and a gleam in his eyes that comes back to me in my dreams.
His face was all crinkled and puckered like a withered apple.
There is nothing to be afraid of.
She tried to speak boldly, but she was still deadly pale and could hardly get her words out for the trembling of her lips.
I did as she asked me.
I did as he asked me.
They talked together for a few minutes.
I saw the crippled wretch standing by the lamp-post and shaking his clenched fists in the air as if he were mad with rage.
She took me by the hand and begged me to tell no one what had happened.
When I promised her I would say nothing she kissed me, and I have never seen her since.
I have told you now the whole truth, and if I withheld it from the police it is because I did not realise then the danger in which my dear friend stood.
The man is by trade a conjurer and performer, going round the canteens after nightfall, and giving a little entertainment at each.
He carries some creature about with him in a box.
It was midday when we found ourselves at the scene of the tragedy.
In spite of his capacity for concealing his emotions, I could easily see that Holmes was in a state of suppressed excitement, while I was myself tingling with that half-sporting, half-intellectual pleasure which I invariably experienced when I associated myself with him in his investigations.
Come along, Watson. This is the house.
In spite of the warm weather he was crouching over a fire, and the little room was like an oven.
It's every man's business to see justice done.
You can take my word that she is innocent.
Who killed Colonel James Barclay, then?
"You can take my word that she is innocent." "Then you are guilty." "No, I am not."
The belle of the regiment, ay, and the finest girl that ever had the breath of life between her lips, was Nancy Devoy, the daughter of the colour-sergeant.
Only Tom was nice to me.
Only Mary was nice to me.
There were two men that loved her, and one that she loved.
There were two men that loved her.
It was for my good looks that she loved me.
Though I had her heart, her father was set upon her marrying Barclay.
I became their slave for a time until I escaped.
For years, I've been dreaming of the bright green fields and the hedges of England.
The inquest is over.
The medical evidence showed conclusively that death was due to apoplexy.
Will you miss me when I'm gone?
As a teenager, Mary had a crush on a famous movie star.
As a teenager, Tom had a crush on a famous actress.
Mary shook her head in disbelief.
Mary is a very social person.
Have you ever had a crush on a movie star?
I cannot be sure of the exact date, for some of my memoranda upon the matter have been mislaid, but it must have been towards the end of the first year during which Holmes and I shared chambers in Baker Street.
"A day's work ruined, Watson," said he, striding across to the window.
Towards evening, however, the breaking of a test-tube brought his research to a premature ending.
Ha! The stars are out and the wind has fallen. What do you say to a ramble through London?
For three hours we strolled about together, watching the ever-changing kaleidoscope of life as it ebbs and flows through Fleet Street and the Strand.
His age may not have been more than three or four and thirty, but his haggard expression and unhealthy hue told of a life which had sapped his strength and robbed him of his youth.
His manner was nervous and shy, like that of a sensitive gentleman.
Mary felt a little guilty.
Sherlock Holmes sat down and lit his pipe.
His heart was weak and he needed constant medical supervision.
He was a man of singular habits, shunning company and very seldom going out.
Tom was respected by everyone in the village.
The old man was respected by everyone for his wisdom.
Who has been in my room?
Florence is about 2½ hours by train from Rome.
"Hey, are you trying to trick me?" "No, I'm trying to go for a walk. I don't even know who you are."
Tom had never been to Italy.
Tom has never been to Italy.
Tom had never been on a horse.
Tom had never been in love.
Mary had never been in love.
The others laughed.
Frescoes decorate the walls of this Tuscan palazzo.
The Etruscan language has not been fully deciphered.
A language isolate is a language with no demonstrable relationship to any other language.
Mary asked Tom what was wrong.
Had she switched off her phone on purpose?
Had Tom turned off his phone on purpose?
The Medici were one of the most powerful families in Florence.
Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici was the last of the Medici.
She was a patron of the arts.
Anna Maria Luisa bequeathed the Medici's art collection to the Tuscan state.
Did Tom tell you why he didn't come to the party?
You're one of the most interesting people I've ever met.
Tom visited the Colosseum in Rome.
Tom almost wasn't able to escape.
Hi, I'm Tom. What's your name?
Three days later, Tom was dead.
We can't continue without Tom.
Tom couldn't remember the punch line of the joke he wanted to tell.
Tom is struggling with the concept.
Tom almost beat Mary to death.
Tom was Mary's high school crush.
I refuse to recognize people as Muslims or Christians or Hindus. I see human beings as human beings.
If you make your body very pleasant, we call this health and pleasure. If you make your mind very pleasant, we call this happiness and joy. If you make your emotions very pleasant, we call this love and compassion. If you make your life-energy very pleasant, we call this blissfulness and ecstasy.
Our lives become beautiful not because we are perfect. Our lives become beautiful because we put our heart in what we are doing.
Tom was the only one who was nice to me.
Tom was the only one who was on time.
I plan to go to Boston next week.
Can you also speak French?
You'll need a lawyer.
Leave the dog outside.
He loves her; she loves him, too.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Mary and Kate talked about their school and their friends.
Tom and Mary talked about their school and their friends.
I woke up in a strange room.
I have a pistol. I give you my word that I'll fire if you come any nearer.
He was very fat, but had apparently at some time been much fatter, so that the skin hung about his face in loose pouches, like the cheeks of a blood-hound.
He was very fat, but had apparently at some time been much fatter.
I don't believe in bankers.
I would never trust a banker, Mr. Holmes.
At half-past seven next morning, in the first glimmer of daylight, I found him standing by my bedside in his dressing-gown.
If you want to take charge of your destiny, the first step is to take charge of your own body and mind.
Sherlock Holmes's prophecy was soon fulfilled, and in a dramatic fashion.
Beside him stood a smart-looking police-inspector, who was taking notes in a pocket-book.
This is no suicide. It is a very deeply planned and cold-blooded murder.
"Impossible!" cried the inspector.
"If I might offer you a word of advice, Inspector, it would be to arrest the page, who, as I understand, has only recently come into your service, Doctor." "The young imp cannot be found," said Dr. Trevelyan; "the maid and the cook have just been searching for him."
We had all listened with the deepest interest to this sketch of the night's doings, which Holmes had deduced from signs so subtle and minute that, even when he had pointed them out to us, we could scarcely follow him in his reasoning.
Our visitors arrived at the appointed time.
"That makes it as clear as crystal," said the inspector.
Trevelyan and I looked at each other in bewilderment.
His secret was a shameful one.
His secret was a shameful one, and he could not bring himself to divulge it.
He was trying to hide his own identity from everybody as long as he could.
They were among the passengers of the ill-fated steamer Norah Creina, which was lost some years ago with all hands upon the Portuguese coast, some leagues to the north of Oporto.
What a beautiful house you have!
It's nearly impossible to find a parking space downtown.
Tom never takes off his sunglasses.
Italian men often wear scarves.
Tom is on holiday in Italy with his family.
Italians tend to eat late.
The bill in Italian restaurants will usually include a small bread and cover charge.
Italians tend to dress up to go out.
Tom is a mixologist.
Italians only drink cappuccino in the morning.
Italians never drink cappuccino after a meal.
The Vatican is the world's smallest sovereign state.
The Colosseum is one of Rome's top tourist attractions.
The Colosseum is one of Italy's top tourist attractions.
The Colosseum is one of Europe's top tourist attractions.
The Colosseum is one of the world's top tourist attractions.
Gladiators fought in the Colosseum.
Gladiators fought in the Colosseum in ancient times.
Romulus and Remus were suckled by a wolf.
Romulus killed his twin brother Remus.
Romulus founded Rome.
Tom placed a cushion on the floor and sat on it.
You welcomed him with open arms?
The Pantheon is Rome's best-preserved ancient monument.
The Pantheon is the best preserved ancient monument in Rome.
Mary thought about what it would be like to dance with Tom. Elke, however, simply stood up and took the initiative.
It's even more impressive from the inside.
Tom and Mary were wonderful hosts.
Fleeing a bear, he runs into a lion.
Thieves are afraid of shouting.
Children under are not admitted.
This is one of Rome's most charming streets.
Truth is the daughter of time.
Tom and Mary visited Rome's historic centre.
Many newly-weds come here to pose for romantic photos.
He conquers who endures.
No one is born without faults.
Tom had more money than he needed to live. So he decided to use the rest to become a philanthropist.
Tom had so much money that he did not know what to do with it. It was far more than he needed to live.
Servants carried boxes of gold coins behind Tom and threw them to the people.
If you want to be loved, love.
This is one of Boston's trendiest neighbourhoods.
This is one of Boston's hippest neighbourhoods.
It's a fun way to spend a couple of hours.
Tom did a thirty-second handstand.
Mary tucked her shirt in and did a handstand.
Tom kicked up into a handstand.
A man almost died in California after trying to pose for a selfie with a rattlesnake.
Mary and her friends took a group selfie.
Tom and his friends took a selfie.
Mary and Elke took a selfie together.
A group of girls were posing for selfies.
Tom is a Christian missionary.
Tom was wearing a black tuxedo.
If you prefer a peaceful life, seek a like-minded spouse.
The Barcaccia, a year-old fountain in Rome, was damaged in by a group of drunken Dutch football fans.
The Trevi fountain is one of the most famous fountains in Rome.
I think you look smoking hot.
They fell asleep cuddling on the sofa.
Tom and Mary fell asleep cuddling on the couch.
Tom tossed a coin into the fountain.
Tom was taking a selfie on the edge of the volcano when he lost his footing and fell into the crater.
The Sistine chapel is Michelangelo's masterpiece.
The Sistine Chapel ceiling was painted by Michelangelo.
Tom asked for a private audience with the Pope.
The Pope is very busy.
Papal Audiences are held on Wednesdays if the Pope is in Rome.
The Pope addressed the crowd from his apartment window overlooking St. Peter’s Square.
The Pope rode around St Peter's Square in his Popemobile.
St Peter’s basilica is one of Italy's most famous monuments.
St Peter's basilica is one of Italy's most impressive monuments.
Tom and Mary visited the Vatican Museums.
Tom's trip to Italy was an unforgettable experience.
Mary was wearing a green dress.
Mary was wearing a red dress.
Mary was wearing a white dress.
There are many famous paintings in Rome.
Planning for a trip is more complicated than I thought.
Tom is planning a trip to Italy.
Many people visit Italy every year.
Many tourists visit Italy every year.
Tom has a great physique.
The Museo Gregoriano Etrusco contains many Etruscan artifacts.
When I woke up, my laptop was gone.
Tom is colorblind, so he couldn't tell if Mary was wearing a green dress or a red dress.
This trip was an unforgettable experience.
Tom and Mary went on a road trip.
The Colosseum is one of Rome's most famous landmarks.
They became lifelong friends.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
Tom and Mary ate a gelato.
A man died after taking a selfie with a hibernating bear. It seems that the bear was awakened by the camera's flash.
They are wolves in sheep's clothing.
Mary stuck out her tongue and took a selfie.
Tom stuck out his tongue and took a selfie.
The Grand Canal is Venice's main watercourse.
Hotels are rated from one to five stars.
How are hotels rated?
Who rates hotels?
It's first come, first served.
If a blind man leads a blind man, both will fall into a pit.
What is a boutique hotel?
A fool speaks foolishness.
A pensione is a small hotel that's usually family-run.
If you were poor, who would be your friend?
He loves her and she loves him, too.
We have been accounted as sheep for slaughtering.
My hair takes a long time to dry.
Tom's hair takes a long time to dry.
How long ago did he leave?
How long ago did she leave?
How did you get the job?
At least the sheets are clean.
I was anxious about going on this trip.
Tom would like to make more money.
I would like to work less and make more money.
I'd like to work less and make more money.
Tom would like to work less and make more money.
I have a lot of friends that can speak Portuguese well.
She made me order everything at once.
Tom ordered three oyster shooters.
Tom nearly caused an international incident.
Let's take a selfie together.
Tom shot the clay pigeon.
Tom went skeet shooting.
They were both happy.
You heard the man.
Tom was thrown out of the restaurant.
You haven't been yourself lately.
I would like to stay young forever.
Tom would like to stay young forever.
Mary would like to stay young forever.
Tom has a steady job.
Mary has a steady boyfriend.
Tom has a picture of his wife on his desk.
Tom has a picture of his children on his desk.
Tom has a picture of his dog on his desk.
Tom has a picture of a squirrel on his desk.
I didn't know he was married.
Tom and Mary bought a three-bedroom fixer-upper.
Euros are worth more than Canadian dollars.
Much work remains to be done.
Homeownership is out of reach for many Americans.
Bad people go to Hell and good people go to Heaven.
Mary was the belle of the ball.
The stock market collapsed.
The stock market collapsed in 1929.
Venice is a romantic city.
The passeggiata or evening stroll is an old Italian tradition.
Venice was built on top of a lagoon.
How long, Catiline, will you go on abusing our patience?
Tom and Mary visited the Doge’s Palace in Venice.
Has anyone ever faced an ogre?
Have you ever fought with an ogre?
This historical building is beautiful.
This old building is beautiful.
I love old buildings.
You have no right to talk to me that way.
I could use some coffee.
Whoever has been bitten by a snake fears the slightest stick.
Old buildings were pretty because they had a lot of decorations.
Tom is a professional jazz musician.
Renaissance artists were fascinated by Classical art.
Renaissance artists were fascinated by Classical antiquity.
We no longer love when we are in love.
How can one love a girl who remains hidden?
She told me not to talk to you.
Tom told me not to talk to you.
The water that my mother will not give me from her jug will never quench my thirst.
No one knew that but you.
No one knew that but Tom.
I am a French prince.
These oysters are full of sand and mud.
He just wanted to feed his family.
Tom gave the unfortunate woman ten dollars.
The madman ate grass with the cows.
The queue is growing.
I chose the wrong queue.
Tom went to the hospital after eating contaminated oysters.
I never tire of your endearments.
That was in your mailbox.
They've got ants in their pants.
Bad people go to Hell.
Good people go to Heaven.
Virginia Raggi, who was first elected in 2016, is Rome's first female mayor.
Rome has many historic sites and monuments.
Tom's driveway was blocked by an illegally parked car.
The Roman Republic was founded in BC.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Rhea Silvia was the mother of Romulus and Remus.
Rhea Silvia claimed that the god Mars was the father of the children.
Rhea Silvia was a vestal virgin.
Vestal virgins had to make sure that the sacred fire of Vesta was never extinguished.
Vesta was the goddess of the hearth and home.
It is crucial that you go.
Milk is crucial to infants.
Salt is crucial for cooking.
Mary is afraid to show her feelings.
These terms are often used interchangeably.
They've been spending more time together.
Tom's prayer was answered.
They've been spending more and more time together lately.
They've been spending a lot more time together lately.
You two have been spending a lot of time together lately.
Tom sat grumbling in a corner.
Tom scraped his knee.
Tom's mother bent down and kissed Tom's knee.
Tom stopped crying after his mother kissed his skinned knee.
She'll forgive you. Just explain everything to her.
Tom will forgive you. Just explain everything to him.
I'm sure Tom will forgive you if you explain everything to him.
I'm sure she'll forgive you if you explain everything to her.
Tom bought an expensive watch.
Mary bought an expensive handbag.
I'm grateful for what I have.
She never tells us anything.
Tom never tells us anything.
It wasn't there the last time.
Tom and Mary have a second home.
Tom and Mary have a country house.
Tom attended a prestigious private school.
Tom attended a public school.
Tom and Mary worried about their children.
Tom felt conflicted.
This is a touchy subject.
It's a touchy subject.
This is a poisonous mushroom.
This mushroom is poisonous.
I don't pay attention to gossip.
Don't pay any attention to what we were saying about Mary.
Don't pay any attention to what we were saying about Tom.
Don't pay any attention to it.
I don't pay much attention to the gossip around town.
I don't pay any attention to rumors.
Tom is a certifiable pain in the ass.
Things were a lot simpler then.
In the old days, things were a lot simpler.
I was thinking about the good old days.
In the old days, life was a lot simpler.
Life was a lot simpler back then.
We did a lot of fun things together.
Tom and Mary did a lot of fun things together.
Tom is dead broke.
Tom was dead broke.
Children under travel for free.
Only Tom knows the truth.
Driving in Rome is not recommended.
Italian drivers are crazy.
There are rules, but no one follows them.
Adventures can be fun.
I have no idea what that road sign means.
The speed limits are just a suggestion.
Italy's currency is the euro.
Most Italians take their annual holiday in August.
What's in that dish?
What's the local specialty?
What are the local specialties?
Please bring the bill.
I ate a cat.
Can you sit on the floor without using your hands?
I have eaten a cat.
Can you stand up from the floor without using your hands?
This simple test can predict your longevity.
Can you sit on the floor and stand back up without using either your arms or your knees?
Driving in Italy is not recommended.
Driving in Milan is not recommended.
A medieval joust is held in the town of Arezzo every year.
I want to get off here.
Tom and Mary kept their voices down so their neighbors wouldn't hear.
Tom and Mary kept their voices down so the neighbours wouldn't hear.
Dispatch a royal rider with this sealed letter from the king.
Tom practiced playing the harp every odd numbered evening and the lute on even ones.
There's talk of an heir.
I can't speak.
I asked the grocery worker in the dairy section a question. He didn't respond. Then I noticed his hearing aid.
Tom is willing and anxious to please.
The rider stopped at an inn during his travels.
Tom declared that he could never be modest.
Wait for me to come with you.
Why don't you sit down? The place is free.
He has a lot of problems on his mind.
I do not really remember that girl anymore.
Cannoli are Italian pastries from Sicily.
Hotel guests may be charged a "room occupancy tax".
Florence is called Firenze in Italian.
At what age do most people start to develop wrinkles?
Tom has an MBA.
Tom has a squirrel.
Tom and Mary's children go to public school.
Tom and Mary often worry about money.
Milan is Italy's fashion capital.
Haggling is common in markets.
Get out, shabby! Why be so envious, you who are so old?
God helps the needy.
Man proposes, but God disposes.
The wheel of Fortune turns.
Fortune favors the foolish.
A thief knows a thief, and a wolf knows a wolf.
I'd like to know how old she is.
Everyone out, please.
I really like pear juice.
I don't know where I put my cell phone.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick.
Tom died during the sweltering heat of August in Atlantic City.
No one seems to question why the consumption of the toxic byproducts of grass species are killing every human on earth.
An old parrot doesn't learn to speak.
It appears demonic not to capitalize the word earth outside of astrological contexts.
After the forest fire ravaged the hillside, Mary killed every predatory beast with the jawbone of an ass and ate the burned remains of every creature until she could not move.
No politician can defeat a potato.
I can't accept such ignorance from my students. Did they learn nothing last year?
It was contrary to what I had expected.
What I wrote is not English.
Anne reveled in the world of color about her. "Oh, Marilla," she exclaimed one Saturday morning, coming dancing in with her arms full of gorgeous boughs, "I'm so glad I live in a world where there are Octobers. It would be terrible if we just skipped from September to November, wouldn't it? Look at these maple branches. Don't they give you a thrill—several thrills? I'm going to decorate my room with them."
"I can just imagine myself sitting down at the head of the table and pouring out the tea," said Anne, shutting her eyes ecstatically. "And asking Diana if she takes sugar! I know she doesn't, but of course I'll ask her just as if I didn't know. And then pressing her to take another piece of fruit cake and another helping of preserves. Oh, Marilla, it's a wonderful sensation just to think of it."
Tom flew in on the last flight from Boston.
Diana had much to tell Anne of what went on in school. She had to sit with Gertie Pye and she hated it.
I enjoy working in a shop.
We've watched this film two times.
You can keep your racist comments to yourself. I won't stand for that kind of thing.
Tired out we seek the little town, and run / the sterns ashore and anchor in the bay.
A little smile won't hurt.
You won't believe the mess I got in the other day on the ring road!
The forest fire broke out in this area.
Do you have any special talents?
What are your personal hobbies?
Do you have any special talents, powers or abilities?
List the top five things you like to do when you're not working.
Tom loves both classical music and jazz.
Tom is affluent.
How would your closest friend describe you?
What type of books do you read?
Tom loves fly-fishing.
How have you been feeling recently?
Tom is a fast talker.
I don't have any special talents.
Wow, that's amazing!
Describe your ideal man.
How would you describe your ideal man?
What is your ideal man?
What is your ideal woman?
Describe your ideal woman.
Can you describe your dream girl?
You need to have your head examined.
What do you like to do in your spare time?
Tom licked the chocolate from his fingers.
Mary licked the chocolate from her fingers.
What are you reading right now?
Tom complains constantly.
Tom constantly complains.
Some of the older people only speak the local dialect.
Good morning, princess.
Tom got stung by a wasp.
Turin is the home of Fiat.
What's the difference between a frittata and an omelet?
Tom and Mary had a passionate argument.
Is it normal to have arguments in a relationship?
Italians only use their fork to eat spaghetti.
Italians don't eat spaghetti with a spoon.
The official name of Italy is the Italian Republic.
The wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
The grey wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
The Apennine wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
Lillies are the national flower of Italy.
Parmesan cheese comes from Parma, Italy.
Spaghetti with meatballs is an Italian-American dish.
Spaghetti with meatballs was invented by Italian immigrants living in New York City.
Many Italians continue to live with their parents until they marry.
Italians don't wear flip-flops, unless they're at the pool or beach.
There are two independent states within Italy: San Marino and the Vatican City.
Tom has a robotic hand.
Pedestrians have priority at crosswalks.
There is an empty room in the house.
São Paulo is a big city in Brazil.
Did she tell the truth?
Only Tom came.
Will Tom come with his wife, or alone?
She has a good relationship with her mother-in-law.
Turn my headphones up!
I think I'm being watched.
A black cat is eating a white mouse.
I get what you mean.
What do you mean with this?
Why don't you sit here next to me?
It was a mistake to refuse his help.
It was a mistake to refuse his aid.
It was a mistake to refuse her help.
Do not laugh.
Publish or perish.
Kabylia is located in North Africa.
Taqbaylit belongs to the family of Berber languages.
The natives of North Africa are Berbers.
The original name of the Kabyle language is "Taqbaylit".
There are around million Kabylians in the world.
Saved beyond hope and glad the land is won, / and lustral rites, with blazing altars, pay / to Jove, and make the shores of Actium gay / with Ilian games, as, like our sires, we strip / and oil our sinews for the wrestler's play. / Proud, thus escaping from the foemen's grip, / past all the Argive towns, through swarming Greeks, to slip.
There are many Kabyle people who want their independence.
Kabyle people love their language.
Tamazight is a family of languages ​​spoken in North Africa.
Berber is a family of languages ​​spoken in North Africa.
The wise man masters his steps well.
He who seeks will find.
I wanted to be an Arabic teacher.
I won't give my test back to the teacher.
I'll call your teacher and find out.
I'm an Arabic teacher.
I'm studying to be an Arabic teacher.
Sami has been having an affair with a beautiful teacher named Layla.
Layla grew up and became a wonderful kindergarten teacher.
Layla is also a kindergarten teacher.
Layla is Sami's new kindergarten teacher.
Layla is Sami's Sunday school teacher.
The man carried her luggage to the train.
Meanwhile the sun rolls round the mighty year, / and wintry North-winds vex the waves once more.
Layla was a beautiful yoga teacher with a gentle spirit.
Layla was a beloved kindergarten teacher.
Sami became the most popular teacher at our high school.
Sami corrected the teacher three times.
Sami doesn't like the teacher.
Sami got in trouble with the teacher.
Sami has become my Islamic teacher.
Sami has never had Mrs Bakir as a teacher.
Sami hates that teacher.
Sami is my favorite teacher.
Sami is not a Sunday school teacher.
Sami met an English teacher named Layla.
Sami should see the teacher after class.
Sami was a dance teacher.
Sami was a devoted teacher.
Sami was a good and dedicated teacher.
Sami was a great teacher and he loved everybody.
Sami was a math teacher in Egypt.
Sami was a natural born teacher.
Sami was a substitute teacher.
Sami was Layla's teacher at elementary school.
Sami was then a teacher at an elementary school.
Sami, on the advice of a teacher, decided to do that.
Sami's teacher noticed that he had bruises on his body.
Sami's teacher overheard him.
Are you an electrician in a theater?
Sami's teachers always hated him.
Sami's teachers hated him.
Sami's teachers worried about him.
That's how Sami became a teacher.
The teacher called out all of our names.
The teacher made the last question really hard.
It's the most natural question in the world.
The teacher of that class was a Muslim convert.
The teacher sent Sami another worksheet to do.
The teacher summoned Sami's mother to the school.
We can't teach Islam because we don't have a religious education teacher.
You can't kill your teacher over a quiz.
He argued with the teacher.
He flirted with the teachers.
She was in the military prior to becoming a teacher.
I am in a play.
The teacher gave us projects to work on.
I am a house-husband.
The teacher called me up.
The teacher was ignoring me.
The teacher walked in.
The teacher went through my purse.
I was drinking in front of the teacher.
She yelled at the teacher.
I was really mad at the teacher for doing that.
I had a crazy paranoid teacher.
The teachers have their own lunch area.
The teacher opened the door.
The teacher was trying to open the door.
The teacher didn't know what to say.
There was a teacher at every single exit of the school.
The teacher overheard it.
Sami was my Arabic teacher.
My English teacher was a bitch.
The teacher was far away.
The teacher won't be able to see the book.
The teacher knew that I knew that she knew that I cheated.
I accidentally tripped my teacher.
She was a very bad teacher.
This teacher did not like me.
Please do not run in the classroom.
The teacher gave me a detention.
I accidentally tripped the teacher.
The teacher tripped over the cord.
The teacher gave me the ugliest look.
I stabbed my teacher.
The teacher wanted me to go down to her office.
He fears snakes.
I am a shopkeeper.
If you want to speak to me, please do call me up.
My teachers always liked me.
I didn't throw stuff at my teachers.
The teacher called me "fat."
The teacher made fun of me.
The teacher body-shamed me.
The teacher literally body-shamed me.
Most of my teachers did not like me.
Both my parents were teachers.
My gym teacher hated me.
I really think my gym teacher hated me.
The teacher shouted at me.
I know the teacher was watching me.
The gym teacher calls me "fat."
I never challenged the teacher before.
Both my parents were Arabic teachers.
The gym teacher told me to speed up.
I was terrified of that teacher.
Everyone was terrified of that teacher.
All the kids were terrified of that teacher.
I did what the teacher said.
The teacher never called my parents.
I was made fun of by a teacher.
Even some of my teachers came and said goodbye to me.
My counselor introduced me to my teachers.
I made friends with my teachers.
A lot of teachers stood by me.
We started talking about teachers we didn't like.
We apologized to the teachers.
We were talking about other teachers.
The teacher was pretty rude.
We met our teacher.
We met our teacher on the first day of school.
My teacher was standing there.
I got some nasty stares from some teachers but I didn't care.
I cannot picture myself being a teacher.
Sami is my gym teacher.
I was yelling at the teacher.
You're done yelling at me? Now it's my turn to yell at you.
Teachers weren't saying hello to me.
Teachers were giving me really dirty looks.
The teachers are standing there.
I was nice to my teachers.
I respect my teachers.
The teacher pulled me aside and told me I needed to go to the dean's office.
The math teacher had a crush on me.
The gym teacher is checking you out.
The teacher liked me.
I had great teachers.
The teacher came in.
They huddled around the campfire.
I love campfire stories.
The teacher pulled me off Sami.
The teacher asked me to stand in the class, say my name and tell a little bit about myself.
The teacher left the class for a moment.
My English teacher ruined my life in my senior year.
The teacher got pregnant and she left for most of the year.
This is my new teacher.
She was a cool teacher.
They say she is our new teacher.
They say she will be our new Arabic teacher.
He said nice things to the teacher.
A good teacher explains things.
The teacher lost my test.
This completely ruined my relationship with the teacher.
The incident completely ruined my relationship with the math teacher.
I disliked that teacher.
It was very rare for me to dislike a teacher.
There were teachers yelling.
She was a fairly new teacher and did not really know what to do.
I am pretty sure it is the teacher.
I'm pretty sure it's the teacher.
The teacher's body was right next to the door.
She was the worst teacher ever.
There are about million dogs around the world comprising different breeds.
He asked a different teacher.
The teacher said he lost my test.
I'm shocked that a teacher would do this.
I am shocked that a teacher would do this.
I gave my teachers a hug.
My teacher's name is Mrs Bakir.
The teacher called my parents.
He needs to earn an honest living.
He lives in an abandoned house.
A poodle in the jungle would be an easy prey for the predators.
Your teacher called me.
The habitat should recover enough to support the appetite of big predators in this region.
Mr Bakir is our theater teacher.
Nature has began to reclaim these spaces.
Our teacher was serious.
We have an abundance of plant life here.
Plants can destroy buildings in a matter of few years.
My teacher hates me.
She is our Arabic teacher.
She is our new Arabic teacher.
The teacher went around the room.
The teacher walked around the room.
I had a teacher named Mr Bakir.
Mr Bakir was a young attractive teacher.
A lot of students had a crush on our philosophy teacher.
This is the teacher I had a crush on.
Our teacher was so strict.
The teacher was holding me.
I stumbled to the teacher.
The teacher lowered me down to sit on the ground.
My teacher brought me water.
The teacher was still holding me.
The teacher took me to the medical room.
This is a species of mollusk.
This invading species of mollusk has no natural predator in America.
Do you understand my Arabic?
These invading mollusks could spread like a cancer.
The teacher brought me a cake.
The teacher was talking.
Mr Bakir is the leader teacher.
The teacher told us to all go outside.
I was watching the teacher write on the chalkboard.
It's almost impossible to find.
I was good friends with my teacher.
This vast garden needs armies of gardners.
The teacher was worried about me.
The teacher was screaming to the nurse to come and help me.
The teacher saw me.
The teacher called my mom.
The principal called our teacher and told her that he was sending us back to class.
You might not know who Layla is but she's the best Arabic teacher ever.
The teacher is coming in.
My teacher is cool.
The teacher walked into the class.
The teacher took attendance.
The teacher called on me.
He asked the teacher about something.
The teacher was sitting at her desk.
The teacher was threatening us.
I had a new teacher at school.
Miss Bakir is the teacher next door.
There are a lot of different types of teachers.
This teacher has an irrational hate against me.
This teacher will find some way to get you in trouble.
We really like this teacher.
He's a passive-aggressive teacher.
She's a sweet teacher.
She is a sweet teacher.
The buildings fell into disrepair.
He is a passive-aggressive teacher.
Wild animals avoid human population centers.
We have an old teacher.
How do we know this?
All the kids love this teacher.
This is my favorite teacher.
The teacher just doesn't care.
This wasn't my teacher.
The teacher was crying.
Even the teacher was crying.
My story made the teacher cry.
This is our art teacher.
I don't like this teacher at all.
Where is the amusement park's big wheel?
I did not like that teacher at all.
We did some awful things to that teacher.
That teacher didn't deserve what we were doing to her.
He sprinkled pubes on the teacher's desk.
The teacher collected our homework.
The teacher called the principal.
The forces of nature have started to decay this abandoned town.
She's not even a teacher.
She is not even a teacher.
Cracks split the concrete.
She is very strict as a teacher.
She's very strict as a teacher.
She was going to e-mail my teacher.
After the disaster, scientists expected the worst for the fauna and flora of the region.
The math teacher knows my antics.
She's a teacher that I have.
She is a teacher that I have.
The teacher was so mean.
He never got into an argument with the teachers.
We see a resurgence of the wildlife.
Wildlife has prospered here.
The teacher was looking at me in utter shock.
I lied to the teacher.
I got my teacher fired.
He was a substitute teacher.
Teachers take days off.
Mr Bakir was substituting for our math teacher.
She walked towards the teacher's desk.
I am a substitute teacher.
I'm a substitute teacher.
I am sitting in one of Cairo's soccer stadiums.
I'm sitting in one of Cairo's soccer stadiums.
Teachers shouldn't have these types of conversations with their female students.
The teacher won't let us go to the bathroom unless we give him a hug.
People will never live here again.
There is another side to this story.
The principal asked the teacher to leave the premises.
But there is another side to the story.
The principal suspended that teacher's license to teach there.
This is my music teacher.
Nature is beginning to erase all evidence of men in the region.
My teacher is a perv.
The city is defenseless.
My teacher is a child molester.
Our town suffered the same fate.
Some windows slipped loose of their frames.
This music teacher was an ex-priest.
He was molested by the teacher.
I think this teacher is a child molester.
I had a relationship with my high school teacher.
She enjoyed the teacher's attention.
He was having sex with his teacher.
He even did drugs with his teacher.
He slept with his teacher.
Our teacher doesn't have children.
I wrote about the incident between that boy and the teacher.
We were invaded by cockroaches.
Cockroaches thrive on our food scraps.
I had a down-low relationship with my teacher.
I had a DL relationship with my teacher.
We talked to our gym teacher.
They will be able to survive in one way or another.
Sami is our gym teacher.
Humans hunted wolves mercilessly.
Mr Bakir was our gym teacher.
He is the teacher that caught us skipping.
We had an amazing music teacher.
We got a new teacher.
Mr Bakir was the best teacher ever.
He was our science teacher.
I was super excited to have her as a teacher.
Big predators became confined to isolated pockets of land.
Could I see you for a minute, please?
He is stubborn.
The man next door said he jogs every morning.
In front, above the temple-gates I rear / the brazen shield which once great Abas bore, / and mark the deed in writing on the door, / "AEneas these from conquering Greeks hath ta'en".
He wrote him a message.
He wrote her a message.
Then bid my comrades quit the port and shore, / and man the benches. They with rival strain / and slanting oar-blades sweep the levels of the main.
A fool puts his name on everything.
For some reason, it made me happy.
For some reason, that made me happy.
How many taco shops are there in one square mile here?
Tom ate a salad contaminated with the cyclospora parasite.
Tom is only happy when he's with Mary.
Tom doesn't like frog legs.
Tom doesn't like snails.
The websites of some predatory publishers look credible.
Your moon shall burn.
Tom is not going to hurt you.
Excuse me, where is the taxicab stand?
Do tortoises change their shells?
I had no idea that there were so many people in the other room.
Phaeacia's heights with the horizon blend; / we skim Epirus, and Chaonia's bay / enter, and to Buthrotum's town ascend.
Strange news we hear: A Trojan Greeks obey, / Helenus, master of the spouse and sway / of Pyrrhus, and Andromache once more / has yielded to a Trojan lord.
My radio has broken.
They are looking for a runaway slave.
I'm going to the other side of the world.
I mustn't forget my passport.
I hope I don't forget my camera.
I will pay for the train in cash.
I will travel by plane.
I'm going to leave the country.
This teacher did not do her job.
We were not very used to this type of teacher.
Our teacher is so bad at explaining.
Our math teacher sucks.
Your teacher didn't teach you anything.
The vacation begins this week.
The teacher was very bad.
The teacher before me was very bad.
I don't like this teacher.
We loved the substitute teacher.
He was a math teacher.
He was such a good math teacher.
The teacher turned around.
She wasn't a good teacher.
I didn't talk back to the teacher.
I walked up to the teacher and yelled at her.
I just told my teacher I hated her.
She hated her math teacher.
Local hospitals are running out of critical supplies.
Drug-resistant infestions are spreading quickly.
Teachers hated her.
We had an Egyptian teacher.
We had an Egyptian Arabic literature teacher.
The teacher snapped and Sami snapped back.
The teachers had lunch with the students.
The teachers ate lunch with the students.
The teacher came behind us.
The teacher didn't believe us.
Sometimes teachers are really mean and unfair.
Mr Bakir is my science teacher.
This teacher creeps me out and makes me feel very uncomfortable.
I hope you don't have any teachers like this.
I had abusive teachers.
Teachers were around.
I had many female teachers.
This teacher did a lot of damage to me.
The teacher loved Layla and kissed her ass.
The teacher favored that girl.
The teacher released me.
My teacher was very nice and patient.
These vehicles are too expensive to run.
You are taught to never question your teachers.
I never give my teacher problems.
The teacher was gone.
She ran the errands for the teacher.
This teacher is amazing.
Teachers don't get paid enough.
This teacher doesn't like children.
This teacher doesn't like his job.
This teacher terrorizes children.
I never tried to challenge my teachers.
He wanted to fight with the teacher.
He gave the teacher some trouble.
He was not my teacher.
My best friend was in that teacher's class.
She did not want to talk to that teacher.
She didn't want to talk to that teacher.
She did not want to be around that teacher.
She didn't want to be around that teacher.
The hurricane continues to rip through America.
All the teachers were here.
The teacher was still talking to me.
I was violated by my teacher.
My teacher was a predator.
Teachers are getting arrested for doing this kind of thing.
My teacher used to ask me for massages in the classroom.
I am going to call my old teacher.
You were a teacher there.
You were the teacher.
He was a really nice teacher.
The teacher walked by her.
The teacher went back to his desk.
The teacher got up of his desk.
She hit the teacher with a textbook.
My teacher tried to get jiggy with me.
I am not going to mention the name of the teacher.
This teacher has a thing for her.
This teacher has some sort of interest in me.
This teacher is interested in me.
It's my former teacher.
One of my teachers was following me on Snapchat.
I got a message from my teacher.
I knew that teacher had a thing for me.
This teacher is married.
I think my teacher may have a thing for me.
My teacher was attracted to me.
I am trusting him as a teacher to tell me what to do.
My teacher asked me out.
The teacher was cool and understanding.
I was attracted to that teacher.
The teacher gave us some really interesting projects.
The teacher gave me a good critique on my project.
Is this teacher asking me out?
The teacher started treating me differently.
The teacher was shocked.
The teacher squinted his eyes.
What my teacher did was unprofessional.
My teacher had a crush on me.
It was my science teacher.
The teacher can't control us.
The teacher would always give me detention.
The teacher gave me detention in a detention room.
The teacher gave me detention with him during his lunch.
I was in the teacher's room.
The teacher was having her lunch.
He was a pretty young teacher.
The teacher started missing school a lot.
The teacher walked in on me.
The teacher was also a female.
The teacher didn't really give a fuck.
Our teacher was out that day.
Would you like more tomato juice?
I'm about to go on vacation.
Being poor is not shameful.
I don't have much to do.
Is it cold?
I have to lose weight!
Our class has forty students.
Put your socks on first!
I don't know Japanese.
The father of my wife is my father-in-law.
What do you want to eat tomorrow?
Johanas came with his brother.
Johanas arrived with his brother.
I don't care what other people think of it.
You only buy it there.
You are already my wife!
The grandmother is smiling.
It is windy and very rainy today.
It's perfect: Without any faults.
The plumbing has a water softener to eliminate lime.
This bread is made of a mixture of grains.
I eat bread without salt.
I eat bread without oil.
Give me a quarter kilogram of ribs.
When the garlic is golden, add the fish.
How much salt do you need?
How much water do you have?
Heat half a liter of broth.
The best time for grapes is September.
I need chopped meat to make meatballs.
The demon tempts the flesh.
He looks constipated.
How much is the room?
Don't get too fat!
How clever she is!
I'm beginning to feel like a rap god.
The boss retrains the team for the new objective.
My hope of seeing her again dwindles every day.
The meathead flexes in the mirror.
Our team captured the forward node.
The United States is conductive a series of extrajudicial killings by drone.
This statue was carved from a single block of marble.
The Birth of Venus is a famous painting by Botticelli.
You don't seem to get it.
It may be easier to do than you think it'll be.
It's made of steel.
It is made of steel.
I hear the music.
When Sami kisses me, I close my eyes.
I closed my eyes and kissed him.
I closed my eyes and kissed her.
I simply closed my eyes and kissed her.
Sami can handle this.
He called me "fag."
Sami hired mercenaries.
Sami is a mercenary.
Mercenaries are trained killers.
Mercenaries are guns for hire.
I can't deny this.
Not even Sami can deny this.
If you can come, just come.
Recently, Thailand is very hot.
Straightway / I burn to greet them, and the tale explore, / and from the harbour haste, and leave the ships and shore.
Do you prefer red wine to white wine?
I want a big seat.
I want to sit next to the emergency exit.
I want a window seat.
Everyone is carrying an umbrella.
It's already typhoon season.
Everyone uses escalators.
I have no complaints about the service.
Please turn off the car's air conditioning.
Are you wearing gloves?
I am wearing shoes.
Within a grove Andromache that day, / where Simois in fancy flowed again, / her offerings chanced at Hector's grave to pay, / a turf-built cenotaph, with altars twain, / source of her tears and sacred to the slain – / and called his shade.
Pay attention to the bikes.
The door is automatic.
The teacher was purposely spying on us all naked.
The teacher confirmed that nothing happened.
The teacher saw me naked.
The teacher was pregnant and she went on maternity leave.
We got a substitute teacher.
Our substitute teacher was young.
It was my substitute teacher.
I didn't pay attention to the teacher.
The teacher was trying to date a student.
The teacher started to become mean.
The teacher was making fun of me.
They are controlling transmission.
The teacher was very cool with me.
The teacher reported me for skipping.
I felt like I was being targeted by the teacher.
That teacher was banned from substitute teaching.
That teacher wasn't invited back to substitute in that school the following year.
This teacher is intimidating me.
The teacher made me uncomfortable.
We had a horrible substitute teacher.
I had an abusive teacher.
We had a racist teacher.
Go back to where you come from.
I have never had a racist teacher.
This teacher has messed up my life.
One of our teachers was abusive, and one was racist.
This teacher traumatized me.
Teachers are not allowed to physically beat you.
The teacher was yelling at a child.
My teachers were completely against this idea.
Everyone brought flowers to the teacher.
I handed the flowers to the teacher.
I gave the flowers to the teacher.
There was a quick parent-teacher conference.
I handed the flowers to the teacher and gave her a hug.
The teacher pushed me away.
The teacher hated me.
Every time I would raise my hand, the teacher would never choose me.
The teacher didn't choose me.
This is another incident that proves that the teacher hates me.
The teacher interrupted the class and she came up to us.
The teacher started hitting Layla's head against the blackboard.
I was surprised the teacher didn't do that to me.
If a teacher did that in Canada, he would probably spend a year or two in jail.
I had a racist teacher.
My teacher pulled me to the side with another girl.
He translated everything the teacher said to us.
The teacher was so nice.
That teacher messed up my confidence.
He is the worst teacher I have ever had.
A lot of people like this teacher.
I don't know what happened to make him a bad teacher.
He was a cool teacher.
Everyone likes this teacher.
I was a teacher, too.
I told my parents of that awesome teacher that we had.
This teacher is scary as fuck.
I got that problem wrong and the teacher started yelling.
The teacher yelled and yelled and yelled.
The teacher yelled until I broke down in tears in front of everyone.
The teacher just kept screaming.
The teacher made me cry.
The teacher was bullying me until I cried.
The teacher was screaming at me.
I decided to just fucking snap on that teacher.
The principal didn't fire that teacher.
I was absolutely terrified of that teacher.
The teacher threw a textbook at my head.
Sami is our hiphop teacher.
You shouldn't wear these shorts around the teacher.
She didn't do her job as a teacher.
The teacher was giving us the answers.
The teacher burst into tears.
A teacher is supposed to be a positive figure for you.
The teacher was mad.
The teacher came in late.
The teacher was acting weird.
I was dating my high school teacher.
Everyone loves this teacher.
The teacher was probably in his mid-fifties.
I had that teacher in 2006.
I had a crush on that teacher.
The teacher is cute.
I wanted to date the teacher.
The teacher is attractive.
She wanted to date the teacher.
This teacher likes a lot of his students.
I don't talk about my teachers.
My substitute teacher was being very inappropriate.
I slept with my teacher.
I texted my teacher.
I don't have my teacher's phone number.
If the teacher finds out, I'll be in so much trouble.
She was a super hot teacher.
Every single guy had a mad crush on that teacher.
The teacher sat on my desk.
That teacher was very bad at explaining some concepts.
That teacher was super boring.
The teacher told me that I got it wrong.
I never had a crush on any of my teachers.
I got 100% of the teacher's attention.
The teacher gave me a hug.
I had a hot teacher.
The teacher is so attractive.
Is this woman my swim teacher?
She took me to my swim teacher.
He became a math teacher.
He was the complete opposite of a math teacher.
He's our math teacher.
He is our math teacher.
Mr Bakir was a good teacher.
I liked the math teacher.
The teacher insulted me.
Mr Bakir is our geometry teacher.
He was my worst teacher.
Everyone hated that teacher.
He was a very indifferent teacher.
The geometry teacher was the worst teacher I have ever had in my life.
Our teacher is a complete idiot.
I was very rude to that teacher.
That teacher got on my nerves.
The teacher called me stupid.
Math was hard for me and I blame it on my math teacher.
The way that teacher explained it to us made it more complicated.
The teacher was going around the room.
The teacher was rude.
The teacher went to Sami's table.
The teacher was hovering around me.
I didn't have a teacher who could teach this to me.
I had this teacher for two years.
My math teacher is amazing.
We had a stupid geometry teacher.
Our teacher is dumb.
The way that this teacher taught was insane.
She kissed the teacher's ass.
She was trying to impress the teacher.
I liked my teachers.
I like my teachers and they like me, too.
He is my first period teacher.
The teacher could walk in any minute.
I am your substitute teacher.
This is the science teacher.
Who knows what would have happened if that teacher didn't get kicked out?
This teacher makes me feel uncomfortable.
My sixth grade teacher sexually assaulted me.
Our teacher was strict.
Guess who my teacher was for sixth grade.
My sixth grade teacher was Mrs Bakir.
She had her as a teacher the year before.
I asked the teacher for help.
The teacher slapped my ass.
The teacher listened to me.
The teacher was listening.
The teacher called me to her desk.
No teacher should do that.
This teacher was mean as hell.
I got sexually assaulted by my sixth grade teacher.
The art teacher hated me.
Mrs Bakir was my art teacher.
The art teacher was strict.
The teacher talked to us one to one about it.
I handed the teacher my work.
The teacher wasn't happy about it.
The teacher sympathized with me.
Everyone waits their turn.
The granny traveled with her two grandkids.
I want to know how you really feel about me.
How do you really feel about me?
Tom wanted to say something, but he didn't.
Always carry some cash.
Some restaurants and hotels don't accept credit cards.
Tom is a foodie.
Italians take pride in their dress and appearance.
The Arcipelago Toscano National Park is the largest marine park in Europe.
You can't do it all by yourself.
Some things can't be done alone.
There are a lot of things that can't be done alone.
It can't be done alone.
Do you prefer vanilla or chocolate ice cream?
Do you prefer vanilla ice cream or chocolate ice cream?
We were here perhaps three or four years ago.
Those boys are grown up already.
Mary had changed over the summer.
I am a post-operative transsexual woman.
"I'd just like to have a discussion" is often missionary jargon for, "If I told you why I was really here, you'd tell me to fuck off."
How are you, Dylan?
How are you, Dragon?
Distracted with amaze / she marked me, as the Trojan arms shone plain. / Heat leaves her frame; she stiffens with the gaze, / she swoons – and scarce at length these faltering words essays:
It's the beginning of August and the ocean stinks here.
Can I get the steak and shrimp dinner?
What is your vocation?
How far did we walk yesterday?
Swallow this capsule. I promise it isn't poison.
The workmen left their tools.
Our dog stole the carpenter's lunchbox from the construction site down the street.
Mary's dog isn't well-read. In fact, it can't read at all.
Can you visit?
Where are you traveling to?
Are you still sore?
How are your blisters?
You need anti-blister socks.
It's simple, really.
Do you even know anything about world history?
Tom surrendered to his exhaustion and finally fell asleep.
He's a master liar.
Nothing will come of nothing.
"Real, then, real is thy face, and true / thy tidings? Liv'st thou, child of heavenly seed? / If dead, then where is Hector?"
If you're interested, let me know and I'll give you her number.
Mary had a difficult relationship with her father.
Tom had a difficult relationship with his father.
Mary had a difficult relationship with her mother.
Tom had a difficult relationship with his mother.
We watched old movies.
Do you want to try the hot tub?
The volcano is still active.
These suites have a private balcony overlooking the sea.
Tom and Mary ate lunch on a terrace overlooking the sea.
Tom always uses a reusable cloth bag.
Chile has banned plastic bags.
Apple made history Thursday when it became the first publicly listed U.S. company to be valued at $trillion.
Apple's share price climbed well over percent in mid-session trading, boosting it about percent higher since Tuesday, when it announced better-than-expected second-quarter earnings and a buyback of $billion worth of its own shares.
The Silicon Valley company's stock has skyrocketed more than 50,percent since it went public in 1980, greatly exceeding the S&P 500's impressive 2,percent gain during the same period.
Apple's success was fueled in large part by its iPhone, which transformed it from a niche player in the burgeoning personal computer sector into a global technological powerhouse.
A wildfire churning among mountain towns in Mendocino County in California mushroomed into the largest in the state on Friday, threatening 9,homes.
Fatigued firefighters battled gusting winds fanning multiple blazes.
Fanned by erratic winds in fuel-choked, tinder-dry forests and scrub, the California blazes have torched 468,acres (189,hectares) so far this year, destroyed 1,homes and structures, and killed at least eight people.
These fires are just unpredictable and extremely dangerous. They've killed, they're killers. It's going to go through you, around you, over you.
Firefighters from states have rushed to California.
Stoked by drought-parched vegetation and triple-digit temperatures, the Carr Fire has killed six people, destroyed 1,homes and other structures and blackened 131,acres (53,hectares). It ranks as the sixth most destructive California wildfire on record.
Crews battling deadly Northern California wildfires braced for a weekend of windy, hot weather that could drive the flames into new areas and threaten more homes.
The National Weather Service issued red flag warnings of critical fire weather conditions through Saturday night, saying a series of dry low-pressure systems passing through the region could bring wind gusts of up to mph that could turn small fires or even sparks into racing walls of flame.
“This is a particularly dangerous situation with extremely low humidity and high winds. New fires will grow rapidly out of control, in some cases people may not be able to evacuate safely in time should a fire approach,” the weather service said in its bulletin for the Mendocino area north of San Francisco.
The fire has charred an area of the forested, rural area five times the size of San Francisco and is only percent contained.
The fire burned slowly for days before winds suddenly whipped it up last week and drove it furiously through brush and timber.
The blaze burned so furiously on July that it created a “fire whirl.” The twirling tower of flame reached speeds of mph (kph), which rivaled some of the most destructive Midwest tornados.
The whirl uprooted trees and tore roofs from homes, Dykema said.
In the Sierra Nevada, firefighters achieved percent containment of a forest fire that has shut down Yosemite Valley and other adjacent portions of Yosemite National Park at what is normally the height of summer tourism.
The blaze has killed two firefighters.
People who make asylum claims after coming to the U.S. illegally are much more likely to be turned down than granted asylum.
Asylum claims made after an illegal entry are called defensive asylum and are handled by the Department of Justice. Asylum claims made by people who came to the U.S. legally are called affirmative asylum and handled by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Petitioners for asylum must prove they have a “reasonable fear” of persecution in their home country. Reasonable fear is defined by the United Nations as at least a percent chance of persecution.
Petitioners for asylum must file for asylum within a year of their arrival in the U.S.
Since NASA’s space shuttle program was shut down in 2011, it has had to rely on Russia to fly astronauts to the space station.
"For the first time since 2011, we are on the brink of launching American astronauts on American rockets from American soil,” NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said during a ceremony at the Johnson Space Center in Houston.
The nine astronauts — seven men and two women — waved and pumped their fists into the air as they appeared on stage to cheers from the crowd.
All but three of the astronauts are space flight veterans.
In 2014, SpaceX and Boeing received contracts for $2.billion and $4.billion, respectively, to develop space capsules that can ferry astronauts to and from the space station.
The two companies are planning for a test flight of their capsules by the end of this year or early next year, with the first crews hoping to fly from Cape Canaveral, Florida, by next spring or summer.
A cinder-and-spatter cone is building at fissure as the cone continues to feed a lava flow that reaches the ocean at Kapoho during ongoing eruptions of the Kilauea Volcano in Hawaii.
Two of Mother Nature’s most potentially devastating forces — a major hurricane and an erupting volcano — appear headed for a close encounter on Hawaii’s Big Island next week, weather forecasters said Friday.
Hurricane Hector, swirling harmlessly in the Pacific about 1,miles (2,km) east of the Big Island, was expected to grow into a major hurricane Saturday, meaning that its maximum sustained winds would reach at least mph (km per hour).
Category hurricanes are considered capable of causing devastating damage to populated areas.
That would put the storm on a virtual collision course with Kilauea Volcano, on the southern portion of the island.
The volcano is in the midst of a 3-month-old eruption of lava from vents on its eastern flank while its summit crater continues to collapse.
Lava spewed from Kilauea since May has covered 13.square miles (34.sq km) of the island’s surface, destroying more than homes and displacing thousands of residents.
Scientists differ over how hurricanes and volcanoes might interact, including the question of whether low atmospheric pressure from a major cyclone could help trigger an eruption.
Much remains unknown on the subject.
The current Kilauea lava flow, emanating from one of about two dozen volcanic fissures that opened in the ground, has been going on for days straight.
The current Kilauea lava flow, emanating from one of about two dozen volcanic fissures that opened in the ground, has been going on for days straight, marking the longest nonstop eruption on record from Kilauea’s lower East Rift zone.
We were overjoyed.
Tom and Mary were overjoyed.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the street.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the sea.
These rooms have a balcony overlooking the parking lot.
Most of the rooms have balconies with sea views.
Remembering to take medications can be challenging for some people.
Remembering to take medications can be challenging for some people. But one day an implant may replace medications that need to be taken orally in certain cases.
One lab in Houston is developing refillable implants placed under the skin to potentially deliver life-saving medicine at a low cost for various diseases.
Officials on Hawaii's Big Island, where the Kilauea volcano has been spewing huge amounts of lava for months, are bracing for the possibility that frequent earthquakes will cut off a major highway.
Emergency officials dealing with the eruption are turning their focus to the aptly named village of Volcano, where dozens of small earthquakes shake the ground every hour as Kilauea undergoes dramatic changes.
The summit caldera is also collapsing, causing large temblors almost daily.
Steam rises from cracks in the road shortly before a fissure opened up on Kaupili Street in the Leilani Estates subdivision, May 4, 2018, in Pahoa, Hawaii, in this image released by the U.S. Geological Survey.
"It's the only road going through that section of the island," said state Senator Russell Ruderman. "We have to find a way to keep it open."
It's the only road going through that section of the island. We have to find a way to keep it open.
The boys served as novice monks to give thanks for their survival and to show their gratitude to all those who helped them.
With their heads bowed and wearing orange robes, the members of the boys soccer team rescued from almost three weeks trapped in a cave in northern Thailand on Saturday completed their time as novice Buddhist monks.
Tom stood alone on his balcony overlooking the ocean.
Tom and Mary drove along the seacoast.
Tom and Mary drove along the coast.
I don't care what you think of me!
I don't want to become rich and famous.
Mary wants to become rich and famous.
Look at it from his point of view.
Look at it from her point of view.
There were many good-looking guys at the party.
There were many good-looking girls at the party.
Tom is rich and spoiled.
Mary is rich and spoiled.
Mary is spoiled, rich and snobby.
Mary is a snobby rich girl who is mean to everyone.
Tom is clean-shaven.
Tom has a light stubble.
Tom has a heavy stubble.
Tom's apartment has a small patio.
I'm looking for a simpler solution.
Tom got into an argument with the maître d'.
Tom got into an argument with the maître d'hôtel.
Tom got into an argument with the head waiter.
Mary is a spoiled rich daddy's girl.
Tom has big muscles.
Tom has big muscles, but a small brain.
Tom bosses everyone around.
Mary bosses everyone around.
Women often prefer older men.
Mary giggled nervously.
Tom bought some VIP tickets.
We naturally tend to think that beautiful people are smarter.
We naturally tend to think that beautiful people are good.
Tom saw a few good looking girls walk past.
Mary and her friends saw a few good looking guys walk past.
Mary comes from a wealthy family.
Mary is often mean to her best friend.
Mary made a snide comment.
Mary spread vicious gossip.
Mary spread vicious gossip about her best friend behind her back.
Mary seduced Alice's boyfriend and then broke up with him.
Mary put down her friend.
Tom put down his friend.
Mary is a bully.
What are you selling in your little bucket?
Tom often gets into fights.
Tom has a scar across his face.
Tom has a scar across on his forehead.
Mary stole Alice's boyfriend.
Tom stole John's girlfriend.
Tom took a vaporetto to St Mark's Square.
Mary is the most popular girl in school.
All the popular girls sit at the same table in the cafeteria.
Italian is a very romantic language.
Romeo and Juliet is set in Verona.
Italian is viewed by many as the language of love.
Your English is excellent.
Tom and Mary gazed into each other's eyes.
Tom and Mary gazed into each other's eyes over a plate of spaghetti, while sitting at the table of a small trattoria in Rome.
Would you like to get a coffee together?
I like the way you laugh.
Tom is charming and confident.
Would you like to have a pizza together?
What do you like on your pizza?
I have a better idea. Let's order a pizza and stay here.
This party is lame. Let's go.
Mary was charged with felony child endangerment after she left her daughter alone in the car for a few minutes with the windows open.
I haven't broken any law.
Step away from me.
You are harassing me.
Step away from me. You are harassing me.
If you don't stop harassing us, I'll have to call the police.
The prosecutor agreed not to press charges in exchange for a hundred hours of community service.
The children played together.
The children played quietly together.
In Japan, children are allowed to take public transportation by themselves starting from the age of 6.
At first, I was a little worried.
Japan has a very low crime rate.
All the televisions are tuned to Fox News.
All the televisions were tuned to Fox News.
Tom and Mary live in a friendly neighborhood.
Tom lives in a friendly neighborhood.
Tom lives in a friendly neighbourhood.
Tom stood up for his friend who was being bullied.
Tom and Mary rented a luxurious villa in Tuscany.
Tom and Mary stayed at a palazzo hotel in Rome.
You must stamp your ticket before boarding the train.
I don't know if Tom is crazy or a genius.
Tom wore well-tailored clothes.
The gorilla pounded his chest.
Mary dropped her eyelids and looked away.
Tom stared at Mary for a few seconds, and then dropped his eyelids and looked away.
Women have a better sense of smell than men.
Tom was reincarnated as a squirrel.
"Would you like to go to the movies?" "I'd love to, but I'm busy."
That smells really good.
Snails are slow; Tom is slower.
Can I play with you?
Love is like a hunter, who cares not for the game when once caught, which he may have pursued with the most intense and breathless eagerness.
Love is strongest in pursuit; friendship in possession.
The sky is the daily bread of the eyes.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
The stars awaken a certain reverence, because though always present, they are inaccessible.
The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood. His intercourse with heaven and earth, becomes part of his daily food.
I love the way he laughs.
Philandering is immoral.
The new students are forced to submit under actions of degradation and intimidation.
Who caught this fish?
Tom caught a carp.
Tom caught a trout.
Tom is rich, single, a bit old, but not too ugly.
The restaurant is closed. Where do we go now?
I am fat. I'm not anorexic.
Already fatigued, an ass sweats under the weight of heavy sacks of grain.
They will make you happy.
Oh, so this is not disagreeable?
He trembles in fear.
The hour of afternoon rest has arrived.
The donkey brayed.
Insensitive remarks can be hurtful, especially if they come from close friends.
Insensitive remarks can be hurtful.
They had a bitter quarrel.
Tom and Mary had a bitter quarrel.
She knew that what he had said was true.
He knew that what she had said was true.
Tom knew that what Mary had said was true.
The audience laughed.
His pride had been offended.
Tom was born nine months after the wedding.
Tom and Mary love antiques.
My favorite part of the movie is when the monkey throws the bone into the air.
Much of the Iberian Peninsula is experiencing the year's first heatwave, with the mercury expected to soar before peaking at degrees Celsius in some areas of southern Portugal this weekend.
Authorities say temperatures are being driven higher by a hot air mass moving northward from Africa.
Forecasts are for a high of degrees in the Portuguese city of Evora, kilometers east of Lisbon, and the Spanish province of Badajoz across the border.
The Portuguese town of Beja is expected to record a peak of degrees on Saturday.
German farmers intensified calls for around billion euros in special aid on Tuesday after crop damage from a drought and heatwave
The president of German farming association DBV, Joachim Rukwied, said drought had caused 1.million euros of damage to grains crops alone this year.
Poor growing weather, including a heatwave and lack of rain, has damaged crops in France, Germany and the Baltic Sea countries.
A shortage of animal feed is also looming after damage to maize crops and grass.
"Expensive animal feed will have to be purchased," Rukwied told German TV channel ZDF.
German agriculture minister Julia Klöckner said on German television that a clearer view of the national picture was needed and that the government would await her ministry's own harvest report in late August.
Till Backhaus, the farm minister in the eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, called on the government to declare a state of emergency for farmers.
The heatwave gripping large stretches of Europe has already been blamed for deadly forest fires and crop failures. Now freshwater fish could be its next victims.
Some regions in Germany sweltered as the mercury hit 39° C and the German Meteorological Office said the country's all-time record of 40.3° C could be topped Tuesday.
Rivers like the Rhine and the Elbe have soaked up so much heat that fish are beginning to suffocate.
In Hamburg, authorities collected almost five metric tons of dead fish from ponds over the weekend.
Firefighters have started pumping fresh water into some ponds and lakes in a bid to raise oxygen levels.
Scientists say the record heat seen in Europe but also North America and parts of Asia this year points to the influence of man-made climate change, and could become more common in future.
Several of Germany's nuclear power stations are reducing energy output because rivers used to cool the power plants are too warm.
The low water levels have made shipping more difficult, with a complete ban imposed on boats on the Oder river in eastern Germany.
The low water levels have made shipping more difficult.
A group representing potato farmers said they're expecting harvests to be percent smaller than last year.
A group representing potato farmers said they're expecting harvests to be percent smaller than last year and warned that the losses may lead not only to more expensive but also shorter French fries—because the spuds are so small this year.
Authorities in Poland last week banned swimming at over beaches along its Baltic coast, after hot weather led to the growth of toxic bacteria in the unusually warm sea.
Water temperatures in the Baltic Sea exceeded 23° C in some places.
Emergency water rescuers told vacationers on hot, sandy beaches—from Swinoujscie in the west to Gdynia in the east—not to enter the sea, where thick, green-brown cyanobacteria colonies have grown and pose a health threat.
Near Wildeshausen, in northern Germany, medics had to attend to a group of about children and teens Monday night after the air conditioning in the bus they were traveling in broke down.
Police dogs in the Swiss city of Zurich have been getting special shoes to prevent them from burning their paws on the scorching streets.
Swiss authorities have cancelled traditional fireworks displays in some areas during Wednesday's national holiday celebrations, citing the high risk of forest fires.
Across Europe, forest fires have already caused major damage.
Earlier this month, people died in Greece—the deadliest wildfire in recent history.
Temperatures of up to 45°C are forecast on the Iberian peninsula.
In Spain, of the country's provinces are at “extreme risk” from heat beginning Thursday, the national weather agency said.
Banak peninsula in northern Norway reported temperatures Monday of 32° C - highly unusual for the Arctic Circle.
Beer brewers in Germany have seen sales rise by 0.percent, or 300,hectoliters, in the first half of compared to the same period last year.
“Especially the alcohol-free types are currently very much sought after,” said Marc-Oliver Huhnholz, from the German Brewer-Association.
In Denmark, where the Meteorological Institute reported that the month of July has been the sunniest since they started recording data in 1920, sales of alcoholic beverages dropped in favor of non-alcoholic beers and sodas.
Every summer, thousands of South Koreans, Chinese and Japanese tourists flock to Jeju Island for its beautiful beaches and natural beauty.
Today, Jeju Island, also known as the ‘Hawaii of Korea,’ is a world heritage site known for its fields of yellow canola flowers in full bloom, the bright turquoise color of the ocean, numerous waterfalls, and natural wonders such as the fortress-like Seongsan Ilchulbong cliff with thousands of volcanically formed cones rising out of the ocean.
Mary had a lot of free time on her hands.
Tom had a lot of free time on his hands.
Nature doesn't belong to us, we belong to Nature.
The Earth does not belong to us: we belong to the Earth.
Do dead people watch us?
Some Native Americans believe that spirits live inside of things, such as rocks, trees, the mountains, water or the wind.
Nature doesn't belong to us. We are a part of Nature.
Nature doesn't belong to us. We are part of Nature.
We are a part of Nature, not apart from Nature.
It's already too late for that.
Tom lives in a one-bedroom apartment.
This site uses cookies.
This website uses cookies.
The south of Italy is called the Mezzogiorno.
Original Unverpackt is a zero-waste supermarket located in Berlin. Customers have to bring their own containers.
Did you think I meant country matters?
The mafia is also called the Cosa Nostra.
Tom regularly attends church.
Mary regularly attends church.
Mary replaced the photograph on the shelf.
Even when I graze, I keep my eyes open, said the sheep.
Kupala Night is an ancient holiday.
Girls float wreaths of flowers lit with candles on rivers.
The girls adorn their hair with garlands of freshly cut flowers.
Tom moved into his first apartment.
A lot can change in five years.
During my long and intimate acquaintance with Mr. Sherlock Holmes I had never heard him refer to his relations, and hardly ever to his own early life.
His aversion to women and his disinclination to form new friendships were both typical of his unemotional character.
I had come to believe that he was an orphan with no relatives living, but one day, to my very great surprise, he began to talk to me about his brother.
It was after tea on a summer evening.
The conversation had roamed in a desultory spasmodic fashion from golf clubs to the causes of the change in the obliquity of the ecliptic.
Holmes laughed at my suggestion.
Tom laughed at my suggestion.
To underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.
When are you visiting?
Twenty percent fluent? What does that mean?
Your meal is ready.
Can you flip over the record?
When did you buy a phonograph?
Do you want me to buy you a sandwich?
When I was five, I bought my first RPM record from a man in a stand outside a department store.
Seriously, the Irish bar makes better steaks than the local award-winning BBQ place.
The corpulent woman wore a bow in her hair.
When do you leave for Boston?
I can never remember to buy hand soap.
Don't forget where you hid your snacks.
It's too hot to exercise today.
I'm super tired.
I hope you're not recording this.
Italians never eat dinner before 8pm.
What's the difference between an osteria and a trattoria?
He barely passed the exam.
Why are you barely moving?
The heat is almost unbearable.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven't.
It's winter in Australia.
Did you know that when it's the summer in the northern hemisphere, it's winter in the southern hemisphere?
Italians get at least days of annual leave.
There are no statutory minimum paid vacations or paid public holidays in the United States.
There are paid public holidays in Italy.
Whether I pick it up or put it down, it does not stop squeaking; what should I do with it?
Citizen science allows ordinary citizens to contribute to science.
Citizen science allows ordinary citizens to contribute to scientific research.
An enoteca is a wine bar.
Florence was damaged during World War II.
A flood ravaged Florence in 1966, causing damage to many priceless works of art.
A flood ravaged Florence in 1966, causing damage to many priceless artworks.
Churches enforce a strict dress code.
Shorts and sleeveless shirts are not allowed in churches.
Flash photography is not allowed in this museum.
Selfie sticks are not allowed in this museum.
The Palazzo Vecchio is Florence's city hall.
Michelangelo's David can be seen at the Galleria Dell'Accademia in Florence.
The Galleria degli Uffizi is one of Florence's most famous museums.
The dome of Florence's cathedral was designed by Filippo Brunelleschi.
Tears ensue, / and wailing, shrill as though her heart would bleed.
When the hen lays, it's the cock that has pain in the ass.
As soon as the chicken puts on makeup, a hawk grabs it.
Always wear sandals in a public shower.
Meeting new people is scary.
Meeting new people is not as scary as they think.
I love meeting new people.
Making friends and meeting new people doesn't need to feel scary.
Have you traveled in Europe before?
I've never traveled anywhere before.
Tom had never traveled before.
Have you ever been to Asia?
Tom had never traveled abroad.
Tom had never traveled abroad before.
Tom has never traveled abroad.
Tom had never stayed in a hotel before.
Tom had never stayed in a hostel before.
Tom had never stayed in a motel before.
Travel can be a life-changing experience.
How do you see your future?
Tom lives in the moment.
Tom sent Mary a postcard from Rome.
The gondola ride wasn't as romantic as Tom and Mary had hoped.
Ferraris are expensive.
St. Peter's Basilica was built on top of St. Peter's tomb.
How long have you been traveling for?
In Italian, lei is the formal equivalent of tu.
Do you want me to buy a sandwich for you?
Why is math so hard?
Have you looked up the word in a dictionary to see how it's actually spelled?
Tom usually eats a hamburger in his car on his way to work.
Could you water my plants for me while I'm on vacation?
Would you be able to feed my rabbits while I'm away?
It's not healthy to drink as much water as you do.
What do you want me to cook for dinner tonight?
I don't really understand what Tom wants to do.
Have you changed your profile picture recently?
Right now there's nothing you can do to help.
I'll do my homework as soon as I get home.
I'll come back again as soon as possible.
Tom hasn't changed clothes in two weeks.
We always eat breakfast in the kitchen.
Tom put the stew in the refrigerator.
I've just changed my profile picture.
I can't afford to eat out very often.
How much coffee have you drunk today?
Did you remember to water the plants?
What kind of candy is your favorite?
Tom blushed when Mary looked at him.
Hopefully, Tom will be at the party.
Why do you think that's a bad idea?
Why would that be such a bad idea?
Tom quickly got out of Mary's way.
Why are there so many flies here?
Tom tried to sell his old couch.
Who's the letter addressed to?
Can you write down the chords?
What did you get on the test?
We always eat dinner at home.
There isn't much more to add.
I'll never be able to retire.
What do you want answers to?
Tom starts school next year.
The dog is wagging its tail.
Did you paint this yourself?
Tom wanted his money back.
Tom as as strong as an ox.
Did you get another raise?
Tom found a lot of money.
Tom boarded the airplane.
What will the trip cost?
We almost never eat out.
It'll certainly be fun.
Have you had lunch yet?
Are these flowers real?
What did Tom say then?
When will you retire?
I ate ice cream, too.
That's unreasonable.
My ears are cold.
I bought bananas.
Sometimes Tatoeba is as slow as molasses in January.
The sign says "no smoking".
There's a no-smoking sign inside the restaurant.
The first instrument of the genius of a people is their language.
Tom is writing to a friend.
I could not meet you at the airport.
The plane has started to land.
Then I, with stammering accents, intercede, / and, sore perplext, these broken words outthrow / to calm her transport:
Don't be a shit.
Marie should start.
Since dawn has already broken, you should stop there, old man.
In a house with two entrances, no one can be aware of all those who come in or out.
You can gossip as much as you want, dirty shrew!
He used the fact that his sleeve was caught in the brambles as a pretext to do nothing.
She got it off her chest in no uncertain terms.
Boston is humid today.
I don’t like this new upgrade.
It’s easier to write comedy on weekend mornings.
There is no cause for concern.
In the Kabyle dress, we find more than one color. There are black, blue, green, purple, navy, pink, red, silver, turquoise, purple, white, yellow, orange, and gray. It is multicolored.
That is a tricycle.
"Yea, alive, indeed, / alive through all extremities of woe. / Doubt not, thou see'st the truth, no shape of empty show."
Obstacles will not disappear if you ignore them.
I live by the station.
You have rights.
The office is on the right.
We always go to the movies on weekends.
I think Mary is a bit of a Pollyanna.
Does he like beer?
I like lemon tea.
You should go to sleep.
I think he'll stay.
He would rather be considered wrong than take the trouble to prove himself right.
He has no ambition and no energy.
There are many men in London, you know, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows.
He is a remarkable linguist.
While the Coliseum stands, Rome shall stand; when the Coliseum falls, Rome shall fall; when Rome falls, the world shall fall.
Weeds and flowers spring from its massy arches and its circling seats, and vines hang their fringes from its lofty walls.
An impressive silence broods over the monstrous structure where such multitudes of men and women were wont to assemble in other days.
The butterflies have taken the places of the queens of fashion and beauty of eighteen centuries ago, and the lizards sun themselves in the sacred seat of the Emperor.
More vividly than all the written histories, the Coliseum tells the story of Rome's grandeur and Rome's decay.
Is it possible to be both happy and sad at the same time?
She is really very beautiful!
You have to encourage him to become a teacher!
That is not just a platitude. I really mean it.
If you don't wash away the acid quickly, it will etch its way into the metal.
Love me or revile me, but do not ignore me.
A healthy company innovates constantly.
Here you can see how the follicle has become irritated.
We'll start the meeting with a retrospective look at the past year.
Specificity is a virtue when you write a technical document.
There was no point in arguing after such a peremptory command.
Did you see how the fish grabbed a pellet of food just before it reached the bottom of the tank?
The auditors will have a hard time deciphering this ledger.
No one ever prosecutes a company that big.
Assume that every problem in your life is a lesson to make you stronger. Then you never feel like a victim.
Is Tom still inside?
If god meant for me to succeed, he knows where I stay all day long.
The rabbit was a coward and they made it worse for him with drums.
It haven't been very long since the airplan took off.
Each one keeps his belief for himself.
We can handle these troubles, we are used to them.
I will look for him until i find him.
Are you you the new teacher of tamazight?
I forgot my pen on the table.
Read for me the first paragraph of the texte.
Who was that girl who came with Tafrara?
Proverbs are born in the brains of those who suffered.
I prepared a poem, do you want me to read it for you?
Explain what you want shortly.
We are worried for the cultur to vanish.
Our cultur will never vanish.
The blacksmith put down his hammer and his son took it..
Hand in hand.
Days of the holidays.
The water of this fontain is drinkable.
It's just talk.
Words are over.
Peace upon him.
Brothers are brothers but greed separated them.
A women said: " let me go jungle and I'll leave you my cover".
The one who speakes too much is preparing trouble.
A man is grabbed by his tongue.
When we translate form other languages to ours , we must translate the meaning.
Thinking is good before jumping.
My name is Yousef but some foreigners call me Joseph.
It's not easy because this project needs a lot of money.
The situation of the company at the end of the year is satisfying.
It's the rich that worries about there money.
Hello all of you.
Since he found her he never left her.
It's hard to see an orphend crying.
Freedom brings forgiveness with it.
Throw it away now, it took all the place.
He found her singing so he kissed her.
Easy , until we reach a lot of sentences in Kabylian.
Your programme in data processing.
Tomorrow then, we will meet the same time as now in this café.
I will work day and night and i won't complain.
Silence is an answer too.
Do you allow me to stay over this night?
Kisses are not a sin.
Stay away from trouble like these.
I love to watch movies.
This dog is like a baby.
The revolution came to an end.
I don't want him to think that I hate him.
"Alas! what lot is thine? What worthy fate / hath caught thee, fallen from a spouse so high? / Hector's Andromache, art thou the mate / of Pyrrhus?"
Then with lowly downcast eye / she dropped her voice, and softly made reply. / "Ah! happy maid of Priam, doomed instead / at Troy upon a foeman's tomb to die! / Not drawn by lot for servitude, nor led / a captive thrall, like me, to grace a conqueror's bed."
"I, torn from burning Troy o'er many a wave, / endured the lust of Pyrrhus and his pride, / and knew a mother's travail as his slave. / Fired with Hermione, a Spartan bride, / me, joined in bed and bondage, he allied / to Helenus."
She's a marvel.
His life is full of ups and downs.
We can't afford to eat at a restaurant.
Life is full of memories.
I want an aisle seat.
Everyone is carrying fans.
Be careful on escalators.
I have to lower the blinds.
In case of emergency, do not use the elevator.
There were numerous victims.
Tom dipped his fry in the ketchup.
Tom turned red as a beet.
Mary turned red as a beet.
His face turned red as a beet.
I turned red as a beet.
Tom's face turned red as a beet.
Mary lowered her eyes.
Tom lowered his eyes.
Step out into the hall. I'd like to speak with you.
I would like your permission to date your daughter.
I'd like to ask your permission to date your daughter.
The pay is not bad.
You should have seen the look on her face when I said this.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when I said this.
The look on Tom's face was priceless.
Kenneth and Mary are kissing cousins.
The investor class underwrites a lot of unprofitable startups.
We don't need his permission.
We don't need her permission.
We don't need their permission.
We don't need Tom's permission.
You don't need her permission.
You don't need his permission.
You don't need Tom's permission.
Tom doesn't need Mary's permission to do this.
That old house had been abandoned for decades.
I have known him for decades.
They have been married for decades.
Tom can communicate with ghosts.
Tom can see ghosts.
Mary can communicate with ghosts.
I didn't know I could do this.
I didn't know I could do that.
I didn't know you could do this.
I didn't know Tom could do this.
I will marry you provided I can sleep in my own bed.
Those who reject criticism will not develop.
Too much talk, no work.
"But mad with love's despair, / and stung with Furies for his spouse denied, / at length Orestes caught the wretch unware, / e'en by his father's shrine, and smote him then and there."
I finally got the job!
Her job is better than mine.
Now he's looking for another job.
You're wrong, though.
You're making a mistake, however.
You never come over anymore.
You never call me.
I'm not sure what I'm doing tonight.
"What are you doing tonight?" "I'm not sure."
I'll call Tom and see what he's doing.
I'll call Mary and see what she's doing.
I'll text Tom and see what he's doing.
So what is Tom doing tonight?
"What are you doing tonight?" "I'll let you know."
So, what are you doing tonight?
"So, what are you doing tonight?" "Nothing in particular."
He's no liar.
Tom has a German friend.
Tom has an Italian friend.
Tom also has a Brazilian friend.
Mary is answering the teacher's question.
A taxi is more expensive than a bus.
The taxi is more expensive than the bus.
Put the card deck on the oak table.
Now he doesn't need money.
You don't see well.
"My children are already adults. What about yours?" "Mine, too."
"My children are already adults. What about yours?" "Mine are too."
I need to get used to it.
I need to get accustomed to it.
She got divorced from her husband.
To tell the truth, I don't want to work with him.
To be honest, I do not want to work with him.
They tied my hands to the chair.
I asked her to be here by six.
He didn't like me.
My blood pressure is low.
Tom believes in the ancient Greek gods.
"Do you know what I mean?" "Actually, Tom, I don't."
I'm leaving without him.
I'll leave without him.
I'm leaving without it.
I'll leave without it.
They will accept your proposal.
We're studying the history of the Portuguese language.
Show us what you bought.
I don't know whom to trust anymore.
I think Mary is a little too optimistic.
Are you fine?
"The tyrant dead, a portion of his reign / devolves on Helenus, who Chaonia calls / from Trojan Chaon the Chaonian plain, / and on these heights rebuilds the Trojan walls."
"But thou – what chance, or god, or stormy squalls / have driven thee here unweeting?"
Down with the police! Down with autocracy!
We do not need more than that.
Science is true even if we don't believe it.
My brain is unable to accept it.
What do you want blind one? It's light!
Social media is way for expression of ideas freely.
Who took my computer?
He went to check on his parents.
"And the boy / Ascanius – lives he, or what hap befalls / his parents' darling, and their only joy? / Breathes he the vital air, whom unto thee now Troy..."
Freedom of sexuality.
She accepted against her will.
Can he write at least?
"Still grieves he for his mother?"
You stayed at home.
He stayed at home.
I know the road.
We met for the last time.
My body is mine.
I read ten books this month.
Now I just came out of a bar in Akfadu.
Young people nowadays are smart.
Friendship is good when there is understanding.
If there was no understanding, what's friendship for?
He doesn't accept being corrected by someone younger.
Old people think they are the only ones who are right.
I always stay in a bar.
He went to a bar to drinks some beers.
My heart is full.
Help the poor.
Hold that chair.
World peace.
The baby is hungry.
"Doth the name / of sire or uncle make his young heart glow / for deeds of valour and ancestral fame?"
Enough of your lies!
Tom has a Turkish friend.
Tom has Russian friends.
How many times a day should I take medicines?
Tom has a splinter in his finger.
That's the worst joke I've ever heard.
Weeping she spake, with unavailing woe, / and poured her sorrow to the winds, when lo, / in sight comes Helenus, with fair array, / and hails his friends, and hastening to bestow / glad welcome, toward his palace leads the way; / but tears and broken words his mingled thoughts betray.
I've already lived in Coimbra.
It is so easy to recognize the trees that the beavers have taken.
Tom's just trying to save face.
I see another but a tinier Troy, / a seeming Pergama recalls the great. / A dried-up Xanthus I salute with joy, / and clasp the portals of a Scaean gate.
Your story wasn't interesting.
I bought the lapis lazuli pendant.
Nor less kind welcome doth the rest await. / The monarch, mindful of his sire of old, / receives the Teucrians in his courts of state. / They in the hall, the viands piled on gold, / pledging the God of wine, their brimming cups uphold.
Masha speaks Russian and would like someone to translate her words into Kabyle.
One day and now another passed; the gale / sings in the shrouds, and calls us to depart.
The books they gave me as a gift are great.
Everyone's friend is actualy nobody's friend.
Fish lives in rivers and sea.
There is nothing better than that.
Go where nobody knows you.
I miss drinking with my girlfriends.
I will prepare tomorrow's lesson before I feel sleepy.
Source of life.
I don't want to leave you here on your own.
Is Tatoeba something like Facebook?
Recently, the weather has been bad.
Have you been busy recently?
Speak truth to power.
Tom speaks truth to power.
Are you as shook up as the most famous singer the world knows?
She’s from Canada and he’s from New Zealand.
Tom knew what Mary had said was true.
What is the highest level of education completed by your mother or guardian?
"I resent the implication that I am a religious conservative," said the social Darwinist. "What I actually worship is reified tradition masquerading as 'science'."
I hurt nobody.
I've only read the first part of the book.
Tom is afraid of the storm.
Tom was afraid of the storm.
Sometimes the waves are higher than the ships.
Many rivers flow into the sea.
The Amazon River flows into the Atlantic Ocean.
The town is located twelve miles from the sea.
Mary tried to stand up, but she couldn't.
The ship was hit by a big wave.
That's something he can't do.
It’s a beautiful, windy day. What a day for a dog’s nose!
Two parallel lines are equidistant.
Please close the windows and doors!
Fields and forests are Maria's favourite places
Is it possible to talk now?
Don't order anything for me.
Tom and François are trying to get French citizenship.
I wasn't able to examine anything.
She's busy. Wait a little longer.
I wasn't able to get a close look.
You're sending a letter.
The school has no library.
I was in Boston in May of last year.
You're mixing things up.
You're conflating things.
You're getting something mixed up.
He did all he could for me.
That's really fortunate.
Please do it faster.
You cried out during your sleep again.
You saw her at the airport.
Tom will need it.
Mary is new here.
The restaurant is near the pier.
The dogs are barking.
Tom is making funny faces.
Accompany me to Boston.
She appeared unscathed after emerging from the wrecked automobile.
We both want it deeply.
Tom is one-sixteenth Scottish and one-sixteenth English.
Tom questions every coincidence.
I feel overheated.
The month of February has only twenty-eight days.
In February there are only days.
I like him because he is the way that he is.
If there were no pessimists, neither would there be any optimists.
If pessimists did not exist, optimists would also not exist.
Would you ride your wheelchair down the highway?
Aren't you a Canadian?
What's your Wi-Fi password?
Mary brought Tom a plate of cookies.
This quadrilateral has two right angles.
What is the first chakra called?
I either like you a lot or I just simply love you.
I don't want you to stay here.
"I only know one surrealist, and that's Salvador Dalí." "Then you mean to say you don't know any surrealists."
Who can address this issue?
Everything's well.
There are no good guys in this story.
The Perseid meteor shower is here!
Perseid meteors, caused by debris left behind by the Comet Swift-Tuttle, began streaking across the skies in late July and will peak on August 12.
The Perseid meteor shower is often considered to be one of the best meteor showers of the year due to its high rates and pleasant late-summer temperatures.
The Perseid meteor shower is often considered to be one of the best meteor showers of the year due to its high rates and pleasant late-summer temperatures. This year’s shower peak, however, has the added bonus of dark skies courtesy of an early-setting crescent Moon. Combine these ideal observing conditions and high rates (an average of meteors per hour at the peak) with the fact that the best nights for viewing – August to and August to – occur on a weekend and you have a recipe for successfully viewing some celestial fireworks!
The Perseids are best seen between about 2 a.m. your local time and dawn.
Hours before the rise of the very star it will study, NASA’s Parker Solar Probe launched from Florida Sunday to begin its journey to the Sun, where it will undertake a landmark mission.
The mission’s findings will help researchers improve their forecasts of space weather events, which have the potential to damage satellites and harm astronauts on orbit, disrupt radio communications and, at their most severe, overwhelm power grids.
During the first week of its journey, the spacecraft will deploy its high-gain antenna and magnetometer boom.
Instrument testing will begin in early September and last approximately four weeks, after which Parker Solar Probe can begin science operations.
“Today’s launch was the culmination of six decades of scientific study and millions of hours of effort,” said project manager Andy Driesman, of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland.
Now, Parker Solar Probe is operating normally and on its way to begin a seven-year mission of extreme science.
Over the next two months, Parker Solar Probe will fly towards Venus, performing its first Venus gravity assist in early October – a maneuver a bit like a handbrake turn – that whips the spacecraft around the planet, using Venus’s gravity to trim the spacecraft’s orbit tighter around the Sun.
This first flyby will place Parker Solar Probe in position in early November to fly as close as million miles from the Sun – within the blazing solar atmosphere, known as the corona – closer than anything made by humanity has ever gone before.
Throughout its seven-year mission, Parker Solar Probe will make six more Venus flybys and total passes by the Sun, journeying steadily closer to the Sun until it makes its closest approach at 3.million miles. At this point, the probe will be moving at roughly 430,miles per hour, setting the record for the fastest-moving object made by humanity.
Parker Solar Probe will set its sights on the corona to solve long-standing, foundational mysteries of our Sun.
What is the secret of the scorching corona, which is more than times hotter than the Sun’s surface, thousands of miles below?
What drives the supersonic solar wind – the constant stream of solar material that blows through the entire solar system?
What accelerates solar energetic particles, which can reach speeds up to more than half the speed of light as they rocket away from the Sun?
Scientists have sought these answers for more than years, but the investigation requires sending a probe right through the unrelenting heat of the corona. Today, this is finally possible with cutting-edge thermal engineering advances that can protect the mission on its daring journey.
“Exploring the Sun’s corona with a spacecraft has been one of the hardest challenges for space exploration,” said Nicola Fox, project scientist at APL.
We’re finally going to be able to answer questions about the corona and solar wind raised by Gene Parker in – using a spacecraft that bears his name – and I can’t wait to find out what discoveries we make. The science will be remarkable.
Parker Solar Probe carries four instrument suites designed to study magnetic fields, plasma and energetic particles, and capture images of the solar wind.
Parker Solar Probe is part of NASA’s Living with a Star program to explore aspects of the Sun-Earth system that directly affect life and society.
The mission is named for Eugene Parker, the physicist who first theorized the existence of the solar wind in 1958. It’s the first NASA mission to be named for a living researcher.
This summer, NASA’s Parker Solar Probe will launch to travel closer to the Sun, deeper into the solar atmosphere, than any mission before it.
If Earth was at one end of a yard-stick and the Sun on the other, Parker Solar Probe will make it to within four inches of the solar surface.
Inside the corona, Parker Solar Probe will provide unprecedented observations of what drives the wide range of particles, energy and heat that course through the region — flinging particles outward into the solar system and far past Neptune.
Inside the corona, it’s also, of course, unimaginably hot. The spacecraft will travel through material with temperatures greater than a million degrees Fahrenheit while being bombarded with intense sun light.
Parker Solar Probe has been designed to withstand the extreme conditions and temperature fluctuations for the mission. The key lies in its custom heat shield and an autonomous system that helps protect the mission from the Sun’s intense light emission, but does allow the coronal material to “touch” the spacecraft.
One key to understanding what keeps the spacecraft and its instruments safe, is understanding the concept of heat versus temperature. Counterintuitively, high temperatures do not always translate to actually heating another object.
Counterintuitively, high temperatures do not always translate to actually heating another object.
In space, the temperature can be thousands of degrees without providing significant heat to a given object or feeling hot.
Temperature measures how fast particles are moving, whereas heat measures the total amount of energy that they transfer.
Particles may be moving fast (high temperature), but if there are very few of them, they won’t transfer much energy (low heat).
Since space is mostly empty, there are very few particles that can transfer energy to the spacecraft.
The corona through which Parker Solar Probe flies, for example, has an extremely high temperature but very low density.
While Parker Solar Probe will be traveling through a space with temperatures of several million degrees, the surface of the heat shield that faces the Sun will only get heated to about 1,degrees Celsius.
For comparison, lava from volcano eruptions can be anywhere between and 1,200°C.
The Thermal Protection System, or TPS, was designed by the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory, and was built at Carbon-Carbon Advanced Technologies, using a carbon composite foam sandwiched between two carbon plates.
This lightweight insulation will be accompanied by a finishing touch of white ceramic paint on the sun-facing plate, to reflect as much heat as possible.
Tested to withstand up to 1,C, the TPS can handle any heat the Sun can send its way, keeping almost all instrumentation safe.
Poking out over the heat shield, the Solar Probe Cup is one of two instruments on Parker Solar Probe that will not be protected by the heat shield.
This instrument is what’s known as a Faraday cup, a sensor designed to measure the ion and electron fluxes and flow angles from the solar wind.
Due to the intensity of the solar atmosphere, unique technologies had to be engineered to make sure that not only can the instrument survive, but also the electronics aboard can send back accurate readings.
To make sure the instrument was ready for the harsh environment, the researchers needed to mimic the Sun’s intense heat radiation in a lab. To create a test-worthy level of heat, the researchers used a particle accelerator and IMAX projectors — jury-rigged to increase their temperature. The projectors mimicked the heat of the Sun, while the particle accelerator exposed the instrument to radiation to make sure it could measure the accelerated particles under the intense conditions.
To be absolutely sure the Solar Probe Cup would withstand the harsh environment, the Odeillo Solar Furnace—which concentrates the heat of the Sun through 10,adjustable mirrors—was used to test the cup against the intense solar emission.
The Solar Probe Cup passed its tests with flying colors—indeed, it continued to perform better and give clearer results the longer it was exposed to the test environments. “We think the radiation removed any potential contamination,” Justin Kasper, principal investigator for the SWEAP instruments at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, said. “It basically cleaned itself.”
Tom invested money in a company.
At each approach to the Sun, the solar arrays retract behind the heat shield’s shadow, leaving only a small segment exposed to the Sun’s intense rays.
Parker Solar Probe will largely be alone on its journey.
The spacecraft is designed to autonomously keep itself safe and on track to the Sun.
Several sensors, about half the size of a cell phone, are attached to the body of the spacecraft along the edge of the shadow from the heat shield. If any of these sensors detect sunlight, they alert the central computer and the spacecraft can correct its position to keep the sensors, and the rest of the instruments, safely protected.
This all has to happen without any human intervention, so the central computer software has been programmed and extensively tested to make sure all corrections can be made on the fly.
After launch, Parker Solar Probe will detect the position of the Sun, align the thermal protection shield to face it and continue its journey for the next three months, embracing the heat of the Sun and protecting itself from the cold vacuum of space.
Over the course of seven years of planned mission duration, the spacecraft will make orbits of our star.
On each close approach to the Sun it will sample the solar wind, study the Sun’s corona, and provide unprecedentedly close up observations from around our star — and armed with its slew of innovative technologies, we know it will keep its cool the whole time.
No one ever asked.
No one ever asked me to do that.
No one ever asked Tom why he was late.
No one ever asked me where I'd been.
They seem to like each other.
No one ever asked me what I wanted to do.
Tom and Mary seem to like each other.
They seemed to like each other.
They seem to like each other well enough.
They don't seem to like each other.
Tom and Mary don't seem to like each other.
Tom and Mary seemed to like each other.
No one ever asked how I was doing.
No one ever asked me how I felt.
I've met her family and they seem to like me.
I've met Tom's family and they seem to like me.
They don't seem to like one another.
No one asked any questions.
This probably isn't a good idea.
No one ever asked me what I wanted.
No one asked for their money back.
No one asked me what I wanted.
No one asked how Tom was doing.
No one asked me whether I liked it or not.
No one asked me if I liked it or not.
No one ever asked me what I thought.
No one asked me what I thought.
No one asked me what I thought about that.
There is only one solution.
No one has ever asked me that question before.
There's only one solution.
This is your brain on drugs.
We haven't yet found a good solution.
Drugs are dangerous.
Most people don't know this.
No one asked me what I wanted to eat.
No one asked me where I wanted to go.
No one asked me who you were.
No one asked me why I did that.
Tom didn't ask me why I did that.
Tom didn't seem to know why Mary did that.
Tom asked me to ask Mary why she did that.
Tom asked me whether I'd rather eat Chinese food or Italian food.
No one asked Tom why he'd been in the hospital.
No one asked me not to do this.
No one asked me not to do that.
No one has asked me to do that yet.
Tom interrupted the privy council to take a huge dump.
They play the guitar very well.
Don't worry, your problem will be solved.
Tom and Mary signed their marriage certificate.
I think that she is about twenty years old.
I had other plans.
I fixed my computer.
We go to the theater on Mondays or Thursdays.
We've had more snow this winter than usual.
Tom is a useful idiot.
The bride highly resented being dumped at the altar.
Finally, the guests left, and it was quiet in the apartment.
Certain questions remained unanswered.
Did you say "thirty euros"?
Here is your salary for last month.
Here are your wages for the last month.
My sister is named Patricia.
Have you decided who you're going to invite?
Have you decided who you're going to invite to your birthday party?
You can invite anyone you want.
Tom went on a safari.
Tom and Mary went on a safari.
Will Tom be able to walk again?
Is Tom going to walk again?
Will Tom ever walk again?
Tom saw a small herd of elephants.
The lions killed the gazelle.
The lion killed the gazelle.
Baby lions are cute.
Tom and Mary went on a safari in Africa.
Do you like speaking French?
Do you enjoy reading books in French?
Do you often write letters in French?
Tom was feeling adventurous.
Mary was feeling adventurous.
Are you feeling adventurous?
When was the last time you spoke French to your parents?
Are you feeling adventurous today?
How adventurous are you?
Tom and Mary are very adventurous.
Tom saw a giraffe.
Tom and Mary saw a giraffe and her baby.
This is where a lot of people get confused.
This is where Tom got confused.
Tom was in an adventurous mood.
Mary was in an adventurous mood.
Tom walked across the savannah.
The lions killed the wildebeest.
Lions often target sick or injured animals.
"What did you talk about?" "Nothing."
Samled Inthavong had almost finished hoisting his family members into a boat when a building uprooted by the collapse of a dam upstream slammed into his house.
People were crying and the water was over the whole village.
All the houses were gone.
“At o’clock [a.m.] I was looking around the neighborhood. People were crying and the water was over the whole village. All the houses were gone. Some people were holding on to trees, some people were holding on to power poles,” he said.
It wasn’t until morning that a rescue boat arrived.
When the water came, it came quick like a tsunami and people were scared.
Keosuvanh said the floodwaters destroyed percent of the homes in the village.
On either side of the submerged road connecting them, fields as far as the eye can see are caked in thick mud, ruined for this year’s harvest.
Her daughter Phutdavenh was playing with her phone in bed when the water surged in.
“I felt very scared. I had never seen something like this before. It was so dangerous,” she told VOA.
I felt very scared.
Tom stepped on a snake.
This is a very catchy tune.
It took everyone by surprise.
The storm took everyone by surprise.
Tom let out a blood curdling scream.
Mary let out a blood curdling scream.
We are getting married!
Now everyone's happy.
Not everyone is happy.
Tom made a harrowing escape.
Tom and Mary saw zebras.
The Turkish lira has fallen more than percent since the start of the year.
Fruit and vegetable sellers, along with fishmongers, try to drum up business in Istanbul’s old Kadikoy market. But trade is slow. Most people just look and walk on.
Turkey relies heavily on imports, especially for energy.
Thirty-year-old Tariq, a teacher doing his weekly shopping, says he is cutting back on spending as he prepares for difficult times ahead.
He says everybody in Turkey is afraid the coming inflation, especially for heating bills, will make this winter hard.
Across the street, fishmonger Huseyin proudly displays what he claims is the finest turbot in Istanbul.
She says the future does not look good, because when people are hungry, they will be tempted to steal and may choose illegal means to survive.
Many stores are closing because there is no trade anymore.
Good will ultimately triumph over evil.
In the end, good will triumph over evil.
Do you believe that good always triumphs over evil?
Tom took it personally.
Do you like fish curry?
Come, let's look out the window.
Tom was tormented by his coworker all day long.
But you have to do something for me.
But you gotta do something for me.
It could be hot.
It might be hot!
Even then we might not make it.
They are rude and disrespectful.
I want to become a witch.
I have chunks of rose quartz in my bedroom.
The water the bird drank came from the well.
The water the cat drank was not salty.
The water the cow drank was cool and fresh.
The cake I ate had cherries on top.
The cake she ate didn't have cherries on top.
The coffee he drank was quite expensive.
The brand of coffee he drinks is the same brand I drink.
The pasta I ate had too much basil.
The pasta you ate had too little salt.
Do they sell rose quartz?
The language I'm learning now is not the same language he's learning.
Do you want to become a witch?
You're rude and disrespectful.
The bread we ate had raisins in it.
The bread my friends and I ate had raisins in it.
The bread we ate had raisins on it.
The dish you cooked tasted very good.
The sentence you wrote is grammatically correct.
The paragraph you wrote is too short.
The paragraph Sarah wrote was interesting.
The paragraph Sarah read was interesting.
The paragraph the teacher asked Sarah to read was not very interesting.
I have a pouch full of clear quartz crystals.
I asked her to make tea.
The players must obey the rules.
The meeting took place last month.
It's not worth mentioning.
The rock they found in the cave weighs almost two hundred kilograms.
The rock I saw in the cave was gigantic.
The spoon the dog licked is made of plastic.
The spoon that fell on the floor didn't break.
The spoon beside the fork is dirty.
The spoon I got was not as shiny as I expected it to be.
I love the teaching profession!
My future is very bright.
I bought an amethyst necklace for myself.
King David is my favorite queer Jewish poet.
It would be overkill, Tom.
It's autumn again.
Grass tastes bitter.
We must know how to conjugate verbs for any language.
Where are you, my darling?
Where are you, darling?
You are the apple of my eye.
You are the blood of my blood.
Tom met Mary in the lobby of the building.
She had never been so afraid in her life.
Tom had never been so afraid in his life.
Mary shifted the phone receiver to her other ear.
Tom shifted the phone receiver to his other ear.
The roasted chicken you bought was burnt.
Your car is there.
Be careful: the doors are being closed!
I want to tell you that dinner is served.
I want to tell you that I won't be here tomorrow.
He wants to tell us that he's ready.
She wants to tell us that she's done with her homework.
They want to tell us that they are there for us.
They want to tell you that you are appreciated.
They want to tell you that they love you.
To protect your being, love yourself better.
I had the locks changed.
He is not going to mess with you anymore.
Dangerous people took advantage of you.
Am I so naive and innocent?
A lamb to the slaughter?
A lamb at the butcher's?
You have no idea what I have done or who I am.
What is an essential component of making money?
The long discussion reached a realistic conclusion.
Ants are social insects.
I like science fiction novels.
His handwriting is impossible to decipher.
Go with peace.
They are very different.
Lounes Matoub was killed in 1998.
Who wants independence?
You love dancing.
No, he can't.
No, he won't be able.
Yes, he can.
I got connected to facebook, to chat some matters with my friends.
How can one correct mistakes when writing in Kabyle in LibreOffice?
There is wind.
Rawes is his artist name, his real name is Arezqi Chebli.
Since it's raining, then let's stay at home.
We hope that this book will be another small step in the teaching of writing in tamazight.
To learn a language, it is imperative to know the conjugation of verbs.
Knowing how to conjugate verbs is imperative in order to learn a language.
Knowing how to conjugate verbs is an absolute necessity.
The soldiers are jumping off the ship.
We visit her two times a day.
It is the feathers that makes the bird beautiful.
I think I know you from before. I believe we’ve already met.
I will file my application under a different category.
Which category is your membership under?
You will get more benefits if you register under the "over 65" category.
Many of them were Americans.
Many of them were children.
Many of them were not tourists.
Many of them were not original paintings.
A bridge collapsed in Genoa, Italy.
A bridge collapsed in Genoa, Italy, killing 39.
Two Canadian students were almost killed by the collapse of the bridge.
Saint Louis University recently announced it will equip every student living space with Amazon’s Alexa system.
The Amazon Echo is a speaker with the ability to listen and “talk” to users.
Voice-controlled assistants have become increasingly popular in homes in recent years. They can be used for things like looking up information, playing music, ordering food or buying things on the internet.
The devices can also complete actions in the home. These include turning lights on and off, and controlling systems for heating and cooling and security.
In Paris, there is an experiment under way to find an environmental solution to the unsightly urban problem of men urinating in the street. However, the project has prompted strong reactions from some residents and visitors.
Paris has turned to open-air street urinals, called "uritrottoirs" and "pavement urinals," which are similar to planters with an opening in the front and a floral display on top. The receptacles contain straw, which transforms into compost for later use in parks and gardens.
Some see the pavement urinals as an innovation that might help rid the French capital of unpleasant sights and smells, while others complain that the bright red boxes are a blight on the city's picturesque streets.
The boogeyman kidnaps naughty children.
In reality, you're not here.
The coffee I drank had hazelnut cream on top.
The coffee I bought came in a pretty plastic cup.
I've just seen the book you bought.
I've just eaten the chocolate you gave me.
I've just seen the movie you recommended me.
I've just wiped the coffee spill off the kitchen counter.
Do you want to tell him you love him?
Do you want to tell her you love her?
Do you want to tell me you love him?
The guilty ones will pay.
She says she's the nicest woman in the world.
She paged quickly through the magazine.
Being able to use a computer is advantageous.
The Mississippi is the longest river in the USA.
The bicycle needs repair.
You're a foreigner? Where are you from?
I really want to move to Finland, but it's more important I improve my Swedish first.
My hands are small, my legs are short, and also my eyes are black.
The white houses are very tall.
Learn how to silence your mind.
I am an excellent foreign language teacher.
I teach languages to professionals.
When was this song released?
I can't drive the car today, I have to drink!
Mary and Anna want to live as spouses.
To work is to pray.
Cain killed Abel.
Peter is buying a female cat.
The boy bought candies.
You can't believe a liar, even if he speaks the truth.
The king reigns, but he doesn't control things.
We are drawing animals right now.
Mary's amnesia returned her mind to her teenage years.
Tom's amnesia returned his mind to his teenage years.
Mary got amnesia and thought she was a teenager again.
Tom got amnesia and thought he was a teenager again.
Two parallel lines don't have any point in common.
The dictum from that famous case became the basis for a number of important Supreme Court decisions.
If the bullet had been a millimeter to the left, he would have died.
How do I know your ability to speak isn't just an advanced form of mimicry?
Tom liked Naruto a little too much and became a weeaboo.
Mary is a butch lesbian.
Mary is a femme lesbian.
It's nice to know this phrase you're reading is interrogative and not affirmative before you finish reading it, right?
Despite everything, I never blame my mistakes on anyone but myself.
Your moralizing makes me want to puke.
I made the worst mistake of my life.
I ruined lots of lives.
This is the last time I'm writing to you, I believe.
Nothing lasts forever. The coffee gets cold. The smoke clears. The time passes and the people change.
Tom is a groovy dude.
Tom's pillow talk needed some work.
Aristotle said that the point of art was to achieve catharsis.
At least let me hold you one last time.
It gives me peace that you have forgiven me.
Goodbye, we'll see each other up there.
I opened my eyes to see where I was.
Spain's game has been desperate.
Study more.
I spent too much.
I am skinny.
It's not an urgent matter.
That takes a lot of time.
That takes too much time.
Was the concert well attended?
A constellation is a group of stars.
The toponym Tunis comes from the root "ens", a night camp for troops.
The toponym Marrakech comes from Amurakkuc; Amur, the land of the god Akuch.
This looks like discrimination.
Do you know Tom's password?
Many perished in the sea.
I can't imagine how it will turn out.
You should have written it down.
When thus the prophet Helenus I hail, / "Troy-born interpreter of Heaven! whose art / the signs of Phoebus' pleasure can impart; / thou know'st the tripod and the Clarian bay, / the stars, the voices of the birds, that dart / on wings with omens laden, speak and say, / (since fate and all the gods foretell a prosperous way / and point to far Italia)."
Did Oprah really say that?
What did Oprah say?
If I were a flower, I'd be a rose.
If I were in that restaurant, I would feel really disgusted.
If I were the restaurant owner, I would tell the staff to serve the customers with a smile.
If you were here, you would be happy.
If you were there, would you be happy?
If I had eaten the cake, I would not be eating this bread right now.
I am free at last.
I know I will survive.
I am free from abnormalities.
I'm so in love with the German language.
Torpenhow Hill comes from torpen (British "top of a hill") and haugr (Old Norse "hill'), so it's basically Hill-hill Hill.
You can open no mind with a hammer!
You could have been mistaken.
You wash the car.
You don't know where you're going.
They like saying obscenities.
Tom yelled at his boss.
Tom got yelled at by his boss.
Tom's boss yelled at him.
Mary seems lonely.
Mary seemed lonely.
Tom wanted to live alone.
Tom did not want to be lonely.
Tom did not want to live alone.
Tom missed his wife.
Tom missed his wife Mary.
Tom missed his wife Mary and their children.
Tom misses his wife Mary and their children.
Tom misses his wife Mary.
Mary misses her husband.
Tom listened to sad music.
Tom listened to sad music while watching the rain fall.
Tom watched a sad movie.
Tom wallowed in sadness.
Mary listened to sad music.
Mary watched a sad movie while eating chocolate ice cream.
The only girl who's ever kissed Tom is Mary.
Get the fuck away from me.
He's a serious man, Donald Trump.
I know that I know.
The fuck is this shit?
The fuck?
The fuck is wrong with you?
This vase is fragile.
"One alone, / Celaeno, sings of famine foul and dread, / a nameless prodigy, a plague unknown. / What perils first to shun? what path to tread, / to win deliverance from such toils?"
Is he swimming?
Is she swimming?
He likes being looked at by boys.
Tom did it out of curiosity.
Tom said that he did it out of curiosity.
Mary said that she tried it out of curiosity.
Tom said that he tried it out of curiosity.
Tom used tinder to light the fire.
Mary used tinder to light the campfire.
It seems like yesterday.
Tom wants to be an astronaut.
Mary wants to be an astronaut.
Tom became a folk hero.
Tom is a folk hero.
Tom is a national hero.
Tom saved the world.
Tom saved the world from evil.
Tom saved the world from an evil genius.
Mary saved the world from evil.
Come on, we have work to do.
Tom is an evil genius.
Tom is a mad scientist.
Tom is ridiculously good looking.
He was ridiculously good looking.
Tom was ridiculously good-looking.
Why don't you obey me?
Why do you never do what I tell you?
Tom and Mary helped us in many ways.
His jaw dropped.
Her jaw dropped.
Tom's jaw dropped.
He broke the agreement.
You better change.
I'm starting to think it's just an excuse.
Mary pulled her hair into a ponytail.
Tom has violated the treaty.
Tom put on his cowboy hat.
Tom wore cowboy boots and a cowboy hat.
Chickpeas are the main ingredient in hummus.
Dreams are not real.
Thanks for the cookies.
You frighten me sometimes.
You scare me sometimes.
I'm going to look ridiculous.
It seems like just yesterday that we were walking to school together.
Where did your friend go?
It feels like that was only yesterday.
He lost hope.
You have lost hope.
I'm not pouting.
Don't pout.
You need to lighten up.
You really need to lighten up.
By the way, I have a boyfriend.
By the way, I have a girlfriend.
Tom stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist.
Mary stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body.
Tom is a poser.
Tom changed in the bathroom.
Mary changed in the bathroom.
A smile crept up on her face.
A smile crept up on his face.
Things didn't go according to plan.
Mary looked up from her book.
Tom put the book aside.
Mary put the book aside.
I've got a better solution.
Do you have a healing potion?
The New York Stock Exchange is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world.
The NYSE is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world.
The president politely declined to answer the delicate question.
You'd better change.
Why do you never do what I tell you to do?
Why don't you ever do what I tell you to do?
Why don't you ever do what I tell you?
I drink tea.
I like peas.
You have an apple.
She eats bread.
He drinks.
Paul eats.
Even Kōbō Daishi's calligraphy is sometimes at fault.
The pen you saw on the table is mine.
The pen you saw on the floor is not mine.
The pen you got from the table is Sarah's.
The pen Sarah gave me is not blue.
The pen I gave Sarah was red.
The bunch of flowers he gave me cost more or less dollars.
The bunch of flowers I saw my friend holding didn't seem to have roses in it.
The pen you're holding now is mine.
The pen I'm holding now is not yours.
The chair you're sitting in is the one I sat in yesterday.
The chairs they bought last month are missing.
The room where we had our Spanish class was large enough.
The room where we had our meeting was very well-lit.
The room for Spanish classes is just beside the one for English classes.
In my humble language school, there are a total of six rooms for the six foreign languages offered.
I am the proud owner of this language school.
Can pearls and other gems heal the body?
Tom didn't want to live alone.
Tom didn't want to be lonely.
Is Tom ever going to be able to walk again?
You could've been mistaken.
You should've written it down.
That'll take too much time.
Doing it that way will take too much time.
I was in Boston in October of last year.
The word "family" has syllables.
The accentuation can be very different from one language to another.
Thanks, but no thanks!
Every spring brings its lot.
She can wait.
He can wait.
Tom can wait.
Tom overslept again.
Mary overslept again.
Tom was fired after being late three times.
We've overslept again!
You need to lighten up a little.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
Tom has had too much excitement over the last few days.
Tom looked much happier than he had for the last few days.
We both were tired.
Tom hadn't had much sleep the last few nights.
Tom hadn't gotten much sleep the last few nights.
Tom and Mary often text each other, even when they're in the same house.
Tom thinks that Mary spends too much time on her phone.
Tom complained that his mother spends too much time on her phone.
Tom suddenly got a cramp in the middle of the lake.
Some children have drowned because their parents were looking at their phones and not paying attention to their child.
Dating can be intimidating.
People find love every day.
People fall in love every day.
It happens every day all over the world.
My friends won't talk to me.
My friends won't talk to me anymore.
This is counterproductive.
You can't protect your children forever.
Have you ever texted someone in the same room?
Tom did not want to wake up.
Tom was fired for constantly being late to work.
Tom and Mary own a dairy farm.
Tom and Mary are farmers.
Tom sued his employer for wrongful termination.
The teacher made fun of Tom in front of the entire class.
You need to man up.
Good planning can make the difference between success and failure.
The thief escaped through the window.
Each sentence has its syllables' number.
Each sentence has its syllables.
Being a parent is harder than I expected.
Being a mom is harder than I thought.
Raising children is harder than I thought.
Parenthood is harder than I expected.
Child care is expensive.
Scientists have sequenced the genome of bread wheat.
Scientists have sequenced the wheat genome.
Tom wears a sleep mask at night.
Everyone is singing his song.
Everyone plays his game!
They were both tired.
Could you walk over to the minimart and buy me some sausage?
A vicious dog is attacking people all round the countryside.
Animal control left a bag of food for Sami's dog.
Animal control seized Sami's dog.
Can I give you a hand with the dogs?
Dogs have a much better hearing than humans.
Don't go near the dogs.
Don't try to catch the dog. It's dangerous.
People don't always tell the truth.
Escaping from jail is like a dog that breaks its chain. Once the chain is broken, it doesn't know where to go..
He really hates dogs.
I bet that dog is around here somewhere.
I bet that dog is over there.
I can take care of myself with any dog.
"I heard some dogs barking." "Those were not dogs. They were wolves."
I just hate dogs.
I promise I'll take care of your dog.
I promise I will take care of your dog.
I think Sami should take Layla's dog.
I think that dog is dangerous.
It's nothing. It's just a dog.
Kids love dogs.
Children love dogs.
No one could catch the dog.
No one knows where that dog came from.
Police brought a dog that could track accelerants.
Police said we should shoot that dog on sight.
Police sent a dog in.
Sami absolutely loved his dog.
Sami always has a dog around.
Sami and his son Karim were two alpha dogs fighting at home.
Sami and Layla had confrontations about the dogs.
Sami and Layla liked dogs.
Sami asked his parents to buy him a dog.
Sami ate his dog.
Sami beat his dog and then set fire to it.
Sami befriended a stray dog along the way.
Sami bought Layla a dog.
Sami brought his dog.
Sami brought the dog home that night.
Sami continued to toss dog poop.
Sami could hear the sound of the dogs barking.
Sami decapitated a dog.
Sami decided to take his dogs to the beach.
Sami took his dogs to the beach.
Sami didn't have a dog.
Sami didn't even have a dog.
Sami didn't hear the dog growl.
Sami didn't pay the dog any attention.
Sami didn't see the dog.
Sami didn't want to have a dog.
Sami doesn't have a family, but he has two dogs.
Sami doesn't have any problem with dogs.
Sami dropped his dog's leash and it ran.
Sami dug a hole to bury his dog.
Sami even referred to his dog as his first child.
Sami fed his dog.
Sami fed the dog.
Sami feels more complete when he has a dog around.
Sami fired a shot at a feral dog.
Sami found his dog a new home in the country.
Sami found Layla's dog playing outside.
Sami gave his dog a biscuit.
Sami gave his dog a little snack.
Sami gave Layla a picture of his dog.
Sami showed Layla a picture of his dog.
Sami had a dog named Rocky that he loved.
Sami had a dog named Queen.
Sami had a gorgeous dog.
Sami had a huge dog.
Sami had a little dog.
Sami had a smaller dog.
Sami had a sniffing dog.
Sami's dog died.
Sami had never had a dog.
Sami has never had a dog.
Sami had no choice but to kill his dog.
Sami killed his dog and ate it.
Sami had no dog in this fight.
Sami had no dogs or cats.
Sami had three dogs.
Sami has a dog.
Sami has always had a dog around.
Sami has always had a dog.
Sami has asked Layla to watch his dog.
Sami has been playing with his dog all morning.
Sami has been taking good care of the dog.
Sami is taking good care of Layla's dog.
Sami has never had a dog that was acting like this.
Sami has six dogs now.
Sami has three dogs living in his house.
Sami said he heard a dog barking.
Sami heard some dogs barking.
Sami hired somebody to feed the dogs.
Sami ignored the dog.
Sami is a dog handler.
Sami is a gentle dog lover.
Sami is going to watch Layla's dog while she's on vacation.
Sami lost his dog in the woods.
Sami lost his dog on the beach.
Sami is looking after Layla's dog.
Sami is not the kind to leave his dogs to starve..
Sami's dogs were starving.
Sami is trying to train his dog for the dog show.
Sami was training his dog for the dog show.
Sami isn't a very good dog owner.
Sami kept his dog in a small cage.
Sami killed his dog coldly.
Sami killed his last dog and ate it.
Sami killed Layla's dogs.
Sami killed Layla's dog, too.
Sami killed the dog, cooked it, and ate it.
Sami left his dogs without food.
Sami locked the dog inside.
Sami looked at the dog.
Sami lost his dog.
Sami saw the dog.
Sami saw the dog but ignored it.
Sami lost Layla's dog.
Sami bought Layla another dog.
Sami loves his dogs.
Sami made Layla get rid of her dogs..
Sami moved closer to the dog for a second shot.
Sami is trying to train his dog.
Sami named his dog Layla.
Sami noticed a bag of dog poop in his backyard.
Sami found a dead dog in his backyard.
Sami obeyed Layla like a dog.
Sami picked up his dog and started jogging.
Sami picked up his dog's leash.
Sami prefers the company of dogs.
Sami probably treats that dog horribly.
Sami treats his dogs horribly.
Sami punished Layla by making her eat dog food.
Sami purchased a dog.
Sami bought a dog.
Sami pushed the dog out.
Sami raised this dog since he was a puppy.
Sami rewarded his dog with a treat.
Sami said that it was his turn to walk the dog.
Sami said that it was Layla's turn to feed the dogs.
Sami saved Layla's dog.
Sami saw a dog sitting in that room.
Sami saw a scruffy old dog.
Sami saw a white dog in the backyard.
Sami saw many prairie dogs.
Sami shot a stray dog.
Sami should have a dog.
Sami should never have a dog.
Sami sometimes stopped to play with the Bakirs' dog on his way home from school.
Sami stepped on dog excrement.
Sami talks to his dog like he's a human.
Sami thought the dog was abandoned.
Sami threatened to kill Layla's dogs.
Sami threw dog feces onto Layla's property.
Sami told Layla he didn't like dogs.
Sami took his dog everywhere.
Sami took his dog out at six PM.
Sami took his dog out.
Sami took his dog to the vet.
Sami took his dogs out for a walk.
Sami took his dogs out.
Sami took photos of his dog.
Sami treated Layla like a dog.
Sami took two of his dogs out for a walk.
Sami trained cadaver dogs.
Sami treated Layla's children like dogs.
Sami's stepmother treated him like a dog.
Sami turned his violence on his dog.
Sami walked his dog around the building.
Sami walked his dog in the whole house.
Sami walked the dog.
Sami walked the dogs.
Sami wanted a dog.
Sami wanted Layla to take care of his dog.
Sami wanted to finish off the dog.
Sami was a professional dog trainer.
Sami was careful around Layla's dog.
Sami was dependent on his dog.
Sami was fearful that his dog was going to bite one of his kids and hurt them.
Sami was going after a feral dog.
Sami was greeted by Layla's growling dog.
Sami was hunted down like a dog.
Sami was in the canoe with his dog.
Sami was playing with his dog.
Sami was preparing food for his dog.
Sami was scared of the dogs.
Sami was supposed to be looking after the dog.
Sami was taking his dog out.
Sami was treated worse than a dog.
Sami was walking around with his dog.
Sami was walking his dog along the road.
Sami and Layla were walking their dogs in the park.
Sami was walking his dogs late at night.
Sami walks his dog late at night.
Sami was walking his dogs near the pond.
Sami was walking his dogs.
Sami will go get the dog.
Sami worried about Layla's dog.
Sami's dog was very smart.
Sami has a very smart dog.
Sami would drink out of the dog's bowl.
Sami would never leave his dogs uncared for.
Sami's and Layla's dogs fought.
Sami's dog barked everywhere.
Sami's dog bit him.
Sami's dog broke the vase.
Sami's dog came home alone.
Sami's dog doesn't like dog food.
The meat was tender.
Sami's dog had puppies.
Sami's dog has fleas.
Sami's dog is a German shepherd.
Sami's dog is not very bright.
Sami's dog is smart.
Sami's dog is very helpful.
Sami's dog just died.
Sami's dog likes getting wet.
Sami's dog likes it when you rub his tummy.
Sami's dog needs to be walked.
Sami's dog passed away.
Sami's dog scared Layla's cat.
Sami's dog scratched him.
Sami's dog seems fine as far as I can tell.
Sami's dog slept in the basement.
Sami's dog started digging frantically.
Sami's dog is barking.
Sami's dog stinks.
Sami's dog stood up on two legs.
Sami's dog wanted to go to pee.
Sami's dog was a mystery mutt.
Sami's dog was a really smart dog.
Sami's dog was acting crazy.
Sami's dog was attacked by a coyote.
Sami's dog was acting funny.
Sami's dog was barking at the window.
Sami's dog was barking.
Sami's dog was crying.
Sami's dog is dying.
Sami's dog was full of energy.
Sami's dog drowned in the river.
Sami's dog was very strong.
Sami's dog was growling.
Sami's dog was his best friend.
Sami's dog was in the basement.
Sami's dog was in the living room.
Sami's dog was killed by his stepfather.
Sami's dog was lying in bed.
Sami's dog was searching for him.
Sami's dog was sitting in that room.
Sami's dog was still there.
Sami's dogs were badly behaved.
Sami's dog was in his car.
Sami's dog would start barking at nothing.
Sami's dogs were acting crazy.
Sami's dogs drove Layla barking mad.
Sami's dogs weren't barking.
Sami's favorite animals are dogs.
There are no easy solutions.
Sami's only friend was a stray dog.
Shut those dogs up.
That dog must be caught.
The cadaver dog found Sami's body.
The cadaver dog picked up a scent.
The cadaver dog picked up on a scent in the back of Sami's car.
The cadaver dog was given the scent of Sami and he found his body shortly after.
The cadaver dogs scoured the woods.
The dog protected the kids.
The dog tracked Sami through miles of rainforest.
The dog was barking inside.
The dog was barking inside the car.
The dog was everything to Sami.
The dog was inside the trunk.
The dog was following Sami.
The dog was lapping water.
The dogs kept barking.
Tom lives with his mom.
The family dog was barking.
The police dog picked up Sami's scent.
The rocks looked like teeth in a dog's mouth.
The sniffing dog inspects everywhere.
CEO pay has exploded in recent decades.
There was disagreement between Sami and Layla about the dogs.
There's a dangerous dog in town.
There's a wild dog around here.
There is a wild dog here.
There is a dangerous dog in town.
They had a cadaver dog out there.
This dog is very clever.
Watch what our pretty little dog can do.
We have to take the dog to the vet.
I'm taking the dog to the vet.
I am taking the dog to the vet.
We rely on this dog.
We're having a dog in the family.
We are having a dog in the family.
What are you going to name your dog?
Why didn't Sami's dog bark at the intruder?
With his dog, Sami went absolutely everywhere.
You really hate dogs.
I was patting my dog.
Are you a dog person?
Does Sami like dogs?
He pushed me around like a dog.
They have chickens and dogs everywhere.
She treated him like a dog.
I liked that dog.
Of course I like dogs.
It's my neighbor's dog.
I could hear dogs barking in the background.
My dog is barking.
There was a dog in her backyard.
He had a dog named Rocky.
I had six dogs.
That one is my dog.
The principal had a dog.
He was walking around with the head of a dog in his hands.
That's my dog snoring.
I can hear the dog snoring.
My dog is sleeping now.
My dog is doing great.
My dog travels with me.
We called the dog something after our initials.
Who do you think you are to snap at me? I'm not a dog.
I'm not a dog.
I am not a dog.
I'm not your dog.
I am not your dog.
She snapped at me like a dog.
I left my dog.
My neighbor's dog was barking.
Why are the dogs barking?
I wish I could bring a dog to school.
What's the matter with your dog?
I called my dog.
The vice-principal treated me like a dog.
We took our dogs everywhere.
I didn't call him "dog."
I am going to name the dog Rocky.
She was treating me like a dog.
Why is this dog following me?
When I saw that huge dog, I almost shit my pants.
I just hate it when a stray dog follows me.
The dog continued to follow me.
Are these your dogs?
Are those your dogs?
I wanted to thank you for saving my dog.
Is this your dog, sir?
Is this Layla's dog?
He saved my dog.
Is your dog all right?
Does this dog bite?
I really love dogs.
It's a stupid dog.
This dog is stupid.
Is this a cat or a dog?
Sami had guard dogs.
Sami cut his hand while playing with his dog.
This cat looks like a dog.
The teacher was jealous of my art skills.
The teacher went around the class.
The art teacher didn't like anime or manga.
The teacher didn't do that to anybody else.
We had a one-to-one session with the teacher.
We had a nasty teacher.
The teacher punished everyone.
The teacher was picking on me specifically.
The teacher was being rude.
The teacher was standing near me.
The teacher was shaking her head.
Teachers are there to teach you.
My art teacher hated my guts.
I hate my art teacher.
Art teachers should expand your creative horizon.
This is my digital arts teacher.
He was qualified as a history teacher.
No one actually understood what the teacher expected us to do.
He was a certified history teacher.
The art teacher was supposed to inspire students to be creative.
An art teacher is supposed to inspire people, not uninspire them.
The teacher ended up failing me.
The teacher brought my video to the principal.
My teacher bullied me.
My math teacher hated me.
Mr Bakir is my Arabic teacher.
My teacher has a weird name.
I wanted to hug the teacher.
My Arabic teacher texted me.
This teacher is so weird.
This teacher is so creepy.
The teacher didn't see me.
This man is my teacher.
Mr Bakir is my economics teacher.
We got idiot teachers.
The teacher got involved.
The teacher really liked me.
I accidentally slapped my teacher.
I apologized to my teacher.
I loved all my teachers.
I would never slap my teacher.
All my teachers loved me.
I talked to my teacher.
I am an Arabic teacher.
This is my civics teacher.
I walked in on my gym teacher.
There are two Arabic teachers in that school.
My teacher is Miss Bakir.
She met her math teacher.
She's not even a math teacher.
She is not even a math teacher.
This is the other Arabic teacher.
I ended up finding out that he wasn't a teacher.
My teacher was in the hallway, talking to another teacher.
I have a pass from my teacher.
The teachers knew about it.
This is the worst teacher I have had in my whole entire life.
This is my history teacher.
This was my history teacher in sixth grade.
You are a math teacher.
You're a math teacher.
My teacher called me "slut."
Everyone had nicknames for that teacher.
The teacher was behind me.
The teacher stopped all of us.
Never has a teacher called me that.
The teacher ended up getting in trouble for it.
I know that I was not being the most respectful student in class, but the teacher is not supposed to insult me.
My teacher is a psychotic bitch.
Our teacher is a fucking whore.
I had this teacher for first period.
The supervisor was there to evaluate my teacher.
If the teacher hates you, he will make your life really miserable.
We had that teacher again.
I respected my teachers.
This teacher is really annoying.
She's not really a good teacher.
She is not really a good teacher.
My principal kicked that teacher out of the school.
He's the cutest teacher that I have ever seen.
He is the cutest teacher that I have ever seen.
My teacher was a pervert.
My teacher was a perv.
My math teacher was a perv.
My math teacher was a pervert.
We went to different teachers for different subjects.
I hated that teacher.
The teacher would always give me those dirty looks.
We had that teacher for fourth and fifth grade.
He's just a cool teacher.
He is just a cool teacher.
The teacher said he was going to fail her.
He was our biology teacher.
My teacher was sitting there.
The teacher was sitting at his desk.
The teacher is talking.
The teacher started rubbing my stomach.
A teacher like that is not supposed to be around children.
Our teacher was drunk and she fell during the job.
The teacher was fired.
The teacher laughed.
We've got a new teacher.
Our teacher was a drunk.
Our teacher has already told us that.
I told my parents how much I hated the teacher.
Why do you hate your teacher?
The teacher was rude to me already.
The teacher yelled at me.
Our teacher was so insensitive.
You're a horrible teacher.
You are a horrible teacher.
The teacher apologized to the students.
We got our teacher fired.
This teacher taught us science.
Our teacher favored white kids over black kids.
We plotted to get that teacher fired.
We will get a new teacher.
We got a prejudiced racist teacher.
Teachers don't know everything.
I appreciated all my teachers.
I miss all my teachers.
Sami started dancing with the teacher.
The teacher checked everyone's phone.
I was outside, talking to the teacher.
He was just a shitty teacher.
She was such a bad teacher.
He was my math teacher.
That teacher can't fail me.
I had that teacher for three years.
I can't have him as my teacher.
What was your teacher's reaction?
I don't understand how we can like that.
Don't speak of that which you don't understand.
The music is good.
Excuse me! Who are you?
It seems like she's ill.
The conversation always returns to the same subject.
Tom put a spell on Mary.
Tom bought traveler's insurance.
Tom runs a dairy and wakes up at 3:AM every morning.
The red onion is a minor deity.
After eating at the pizzeria, Tom got a case of unholy diarrhea.
Prince will be missed.
Michael Jackson and Prince changed the history of pop music.
Beer. Basically fermented grass for earthlings.
Nothing tastes better than the maraschino cherry.
Tom builds a facade to hide his feelings from others.
Maria always makes the same mistakes.
Anna doesn't accept her appearance. She's lacking in self-confidence.
Anna can't accept her appearance. She lacks self-confidence.
You're trying to pray.
I don't want your advice.
Learn from your mistakes and you will go far.
He made one good point: your plan is stupid.
They hadn't said anything but looked fixedly.
He had also been a child.
Imagine for a second what he had to go through to be there today.
My cat likes it when we scratch him behind the ears.
The chef reluctantly examined the proposal.
He freed us all.
It would be better with onions.
They aren't well designed machines.
I took a few notes last night.
I'm trying to do something.
You have to encode the data before you send it.
Don't forget to encode it first!
Make sure you encode that file in the right format.
Machine learning demands a lot of computation
I'm not sure if my computer can handle that many computations.
I cringe at the thought of it.
It's just following its directives.
There are various establishments that run our society.
The market doesn't have a lot of liquidity.
It's a high liquidity market.
She had to cauterize the wound.
They had the absolute majority on this one.
The group has only one subgroup.
Take her to the ICU.
You'll have to do a lot of conversions.
I'm thinking of hiring a financial consultant.
Don't worry, I also happen to be a financial consultant.
Where can I find a good financial consultant?
In doing so, he unburdened himself.
He suffered from several first-degree burns.
I really don't want to get any first-degree burns.
Do you know how to treat first-degree burns?
I'll just run some diagnostics.
Fear not, for I'm a trained social psychologist.
It's the indirect taxation that always causes us problems.
PostgreSQL is a popular relational database.
I'm not sure how I feel about this one. Do you buy it?
He was as dead as a doornail.
I find the relational database works better than the NoSQL one.
Maybe you should take an intelligence test.
I brought a powerbank so we should be fine.
Tom has more toys than Mary.
Tom has two more toys than Mary.
Tom has two fewer toys than Mary.
Tom has fewer toys than Mary.
Tom put his toys into the toy box.
I have more toys than you do.
Tom hugged his teddy bear.
Mary hugged her teddy bear.
Tom hugged the stuffed animal.
Here's my luggage.
How many Italian friends do you have?
Those people are Indians.
I've been learning French since I was a child.
The castle is impressive.
The town is packed with tourists.
During the summer, the town is packed with tourists.
Italy has a rich history.
This country has a rich history.
This town has a rich history.
They watch the multicoloured birds.
Tom ordered penne.
Try the penne all'arrabbiata.
Tom likes penne.
Tom likes macaroni.
Tom likes capellini.
Tom likes rigatoni.
Tom likes fettuccine.
Tom likes fettuccine Alfredo.
Tom likes fusilli.
Tom likes linguine.
Tom likes tortellini.
Tom likes farfalle.
That dish is my absolute favorite.
Macaroni and cheese is Tom's favorite food.
Tom's favourite dish is lasagne.
Tom's favorite dish is lasagna.
Tom brought the dish over to the table.
The guests threw confetti at the newlyweds.
Tom went to the casino.
Tom ordered a panini.
Mac and cheese is Tom's favorite food.
Do you like this backpack?
Tom grabbed his backpack.
Tom has a backpack with a picture of a fox on it.
Tom has a backpack with a fox logo.
Mary has a Fjallraven backpack.
When will he arrive at the airport?
Ecco is a Danish shoe manufacturer.
Do you like this purse?
Girls talk too much.
Guys talk too little.
Do you like that shirt?
Do you like that blouse?
The girls talked about boys.
The boys talked about girls.
The girls talked about boys, and the boys talked about girls.
The girls talked about boys, and the boys talked about football.
The girls talked about astronomy.
Do you like this wallet?
The boys talked about football.
The boys talked about sports.
The boys talked about video games.
The girls talked about fashion.
The girls talked about particle physics.
It's nothing to be afraid of.
Tom tried to fit in.
Mary tried to fit in.
I did not renew the subscription.
Mary, what are you reading?
Tom, what are you reading?
A wise man is strong.
I want to come to the party, but I can't.
What does your friend want to do?
What do your friends want to do?
Tom does not know the truth.
Tom was up early.
Tom got lost in Rome.
It is useless to patch such a big tear in a garment.
Don't be so quiet!
You never disappoint.
Please go a bit faster.
John will clean the potatoes.
He raised the flag.
He hoisted the flag.
I really love modern art.
This is a serious case of negligence.
Tell him to quit his yakking.
Tell him to shut his mouth.
Tell him to keep his mouth shut.
Don't forget your cigarettes and lighter.
Haven't you finished your meal yet?
I'm happy, but he's tired.
Mary is in the bathroom, fixing her hair.
Mary is in the bathroom, putting on makeup.
Mary spends about thirty minutes a day putting on makeup and fixing her hair.
I use the pen you gave me.
The salt I added to the pasta was pink.
My future is like a star that shines so brightly.
Anne almost always uses tarot cards to make everyday decisions.
Mary never uses tarot cards to make decisions.
I use tarot cards almost every day.
You have water and you drink it.
I eat rice.
We are and the men are.
“Tom, tell me another super-intelligent squirrel story,” said Mary.
I hope they're OK.
That was dastardly.
I'd like to come to your party, but I can't.
I'd like to come to your party, but unfortunately I have to be in Boston.
My doctor told me I wasn't drinking enough water.
My doctor told me that I wasn't drinking enough water.
He won't let anything past!
You're going just as far as Rome.
It's as if no one voted.
It seems like no one voted.
While eating, we chew slowly.
Are you human?
I went out for a beer with my friends.
You don't miss me.
Tom is the one responsible!
Does someone else want to eat?
Would someone else like to eat?
There's how I raised the tent.
We drove.
Tom pushed that thought aside.
Why haven't you told me that I'm beautiful?
Why aren't you telling me that I'm beautiful?
This said, / I ceased, and Helenus with slaughtered kine / implores the god, and from his sacred head / unbinds the wreath, and leads me to the shrine, / awed by Apollo's power, and chants the doom divine:
What is the population of Italy?
Why don't you want me to tell anyone?
Life was good.
The outcry would not abate.
I was not being completely honest.
Tom was not being completely honest.
Mary was not being completely honest.
Tom, get up!
You better go get dressed.
You better go get dressed now.
I don't want you to tell anyone.
Tom, wake up! It's late!
I don't remember what I wanted.
I don't remember why I came here.
Tom and Mary have longer holidays than their parents.
Have fun in Italy!
I'm going to drive a car from Rio de Janeiro to São Paulo.
My grandmother is addicted to her cell phone.
Let us unite for world Peace.
I'm eating sausages.
I like sausages.
I like leeks.
I like leeks and sausages.
She has a boyfriend.
He has the rice and a sandwich.
The children eat.
He drinks milk and we drink water.
I have a newspaper.
The wealth doesn't prolong life.
We need to consolidate the access control code.
We’re all huge nerds.
This song sounds different every time.
He's just a bluffing charlatan.
I canceled the flight.
I'm expecting a full refund.
"O Goddess-born, high auspices are thine, / and heaven's plain omens guide thee o'er the main. / Thus Jove, by lot unfolding his design, / assorts the chances, and the Fates ordain. / This much may I of many things explain, / how best o'er foreign seas to urge thy keel / in safety, and Ausonian ports attain, / the rest from Helenus the Fates conceal, / and Juno's envious power forbids me to reveal."
Here is the wisdom of Socrates; unwilling himself to teach, he goes around learning from others, and does not even give thanks to them.
Then for many, Polemarchus—all human beings who make mistakes—it will turn out that to be just to harm friends, for their friends are bad and just to help enemies, for they are good. So we shall say the very opposite of what we asserted Simonides means.
Therefore the man who is really a lover of learning must from youth on strive as intensely as possible for every kind of truth.
I cut my hair this morning.
I ate chocolate cookies this morning.
The dog's food is expensive.
I adore Sino-Tibetan languages.
Returning, I had to cross before the looking-glass; my fascinated glance involuntarily explored the depth it revealed. All looked colder and darker in that visionary hollow than in reality: and the strange little figure there gazing at me, with a white face and arms specking the gloom, and glittering eyes of fear moving where all else was still, had the effect of a real spirit: I thought it like one of the tiny phantoms, half fairy, half imp, Bessie’s evening stories represented as coming out of lone, ferny dells in moors, and appearing before the eyes of belated travelers.
At last he clasped his hands in prayer, and in so doing rubbed the ring, which the magician had forgotten to take from him. Immediately an enormous and frightful genie rose out of the earth, saying: “What wouldst thou with me? I am the Slave of the Ring, and will obey thee in all things.” Aladdin fearlessly replied: “Deliver me from this place!” whereupon the earth opened, and he found himself outside.
He rubbed it, and the genie appeared, saying, “What is thy will?” Aladdin replied: “The Sultan, as thou knowest, has broken his promise to me, and the Vizier’s son is to have the Princess. My command is that to-night you bring hither the bride and bridegroom.” “Master, I obey,” said the genie.
In the deepest spot of all stands the castle of the Sea King. Its walls are built of coral, and the long Gothic windows are of the clearest amber. The roof is formed of shells that open and close as the water flows over them. Their appearance is very beautiful, for in each lies a glittering pearl which would be fit for the diadem of a queen.
We sometimes live for three hundred years, but when we cease to exist here, we become only foam on the surface of the water and have not even a grave among those we love. We have not immortal souls, we shall never live again; like the green seaweed when once it has been cut off, we can never flourish more. Human beings, on the contrary, have souls which live forever, even after the body has been turned to dust. They rise up through the clear, pure air, beyond the glittering stars. As we rise out of the water and behold all the land of the earth, so do they rise to unknown and glorious regions which we shall never see.
"I know what you want," said the sea witch. "It is very stupid of you, but you shall have your way, though it will bring you to sorrow, my pretty princess. You want to get rid of your fish's tail and to have two supports instead, like human beings on earth, so that the young prince may fall in love with you and so that you may have an immortal soul."
The real estate agent did a completely different valuation of the house.
He had both a fever and ague.
They had a one hour time limit.
No pictures or video, please.
Do you wanna crash at my place?
You can come back to my place.
Time: I know what it is... until asked.
It's not as complicated as it sounds.
It's dangerous to go there alone.
The sign of the fish was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
The ichthys was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
The ichthus was used by early Christians as a secret symbol.
Early Christians were persecuted by the Roman Empire.
Tom has a fish sticker on his car.
Tom has a fish bumper sticker.
He sent us such a touching poem.
The museum has two wings.
He recently sent me a moving poem that he wrote after his mother's death.
He recently sent me a touching poem he wrote after his mother's death.
All of my sales are cash up front, bucko.
It isn't as complicated as it sounds.
It isn't as easy as it sounds.
It's not as easy as it sounds.
The Lateran Obelisk is the largest standing Egyptian obelisk in the world.
It isn't as difficult as it sounds.
It's not as difficult as it sounds.
It's not as hard as it sounds.
It isn't as hard as it sounds.
It's not likely to be as fun as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as easy as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as hard as you think it'll be.
It's not likely to be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as fun as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It isn'tt likely to be as easy as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as hard as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as hard as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as easy as you think it'll be.
It probably won't be as fun as you think it'll be.
When are you leaving for America?
He touched me so much.
That moved me deeply.
The liver is an organ of the human body.
I will go to Istanbul.
Istanbul is a crowded city.
I have never been to Istanbul.
Have you ever been in Istanbul?
The most crowded city in Turkey is Istanbul.
I love that beautiful and smart woman in Istanbul.
Istanbul was conquered by Mehmed the Conqueror in 1453.
Since I came to Istanbul I have moved exactly ten times.
The woman I love works in Istanbul and I miss her very much.
Mehmed the Conqueror conquered Istanbul in 1453, when he was years old.
Millions of tourists flock to Turkey every summer to visit Hagia Sophia in Istanbul.
Where is the Greek consulate?
My father had gone to Greece.
Put your wet umbrella in this bag.
Scratch my back.
Empty the litter box.
There are two men and a woman standing next to a tree in the picture.
Does Mary hate me?
Everyone is aware of this.
I did it just for you!
Hope you're well.
By then, it was far too late.
You're well, I imagine!
I hope you're doing well!
The kids are big.
The children are big.
The men are big.
The women are big.
The child is big.
The kid is big.
The woman is big.
The little black dog is dangerous.
Shall we try it?
A little black dog is crossing the road.
Every weekend, Tom goes to his parents' house.
She's a writer.
She's a journalist.
Is he healthy?
Tom visits his parents every weekend.
Peter's wife is a brunette.
I like being there.
Jews, Christians and Muslims agree that Jerusalem is a holy city.
Tom approaches.
If the sky fell to the earth, bird catching would be easy.
Mary and her sister are always wearing the same dresses.
Mary smiles gently.
We all live under the same sun, yet we don't share the same horizon.
Hornets sting.
Turtles lay their eggs in the sand.
Turtles lay eggs.
Bees sting.
Wasps sting.
Bees, like wasps, have a stinger.
Humanity cannot be made equal by declarations on paper. Unless the material conditions for equality exist, it is worse than mockery to pronounce men equal.
I don't like football.
Everybody's a critic.
Tom put up one hell of a fight.
It was one hell of a party.
It must have been one hell of a party.
This horse is very gentle.
Tom stroked the horse.
Tom stroked the horse's neck.
Mary stroked the horse's neck.
Tom is feeling a bit out of sorts.
Tom stroked the horse's head.
Mary gave her horse a sugar cube.
Tom gave his horse a few sugar lumps.
The horse stomped its foot.
Mary likes horses.
Tom stroked the horse's muzzle.
Many people love horses.
Each horse is different.
Tom petted his horse.
Horses don't always want to be petted.
It's not so easy to find out what this thing could be.
I bet you cannot even guess what it is!
The resigned look on your face tells me that you've already heard the bad news.
In an alternate universe, we’re all speaking French.
You can have one cupcake.
The mountain rescue service is always on alert.
The meeting was moved to 11:15.
Tom had fallen in love with Mary without ever meeting her.
"Do you speak German?" "No, I'm French."
Understanding that machine isn't all that easy.
You have it all backwards!
Mary is wearing the same dress today as yesterday.
Tom is worried about the boys.
"Why punch Nazis?" "Because I love peace."
She was sick.
Mary opened the window.
Tom attached a string to the kite.
I bought some fresh bread.
"Learn then, Italia, that thou deem'st so near, / and thither dream's of lightly passing o'er, / long leagues divide, and many a pathless mere."
"First must Trinacrian waters bend the oar, / Ausonian waves thy vessels must explore, / first must thou view the nether world, where flows / dark Styx, and visit that AEaean shore, / the home of Circe, ere, at rest from woes, / thou build the promised walls, and win the wished repose."
The boss asks why his employees are reluctant to work.
Don't believe that anybody will be thankful for it.
The baby goat is big.
The baby goats are big.
"Why isn't Tom going to help us?" "Because he's an asshole."
I won't tell anyone, I promise.
Have you ever lied to me?
She kissed him on both cheeks.
Tom is a europhile.
Tom is a Eurosceptic.
Please, where are you from?
Anybody can say that.
Anyone can say that.
Please, who are you?
She's dead.
I went on taking photos.
I fell in love with her, but she wasn't in love with me.
I love you, but I'm not in love with you.
There was a really cute girl on the train.
The newlyweds set off for a trip to the mountains.
Whom are you describing?
What is an auto-da-fé?
I always have eggs for breakfast.
My pet raccoon can type faster than you.
Why do you have so many pets?
The big demo is tomorrow.
In popular culture the phrase “Allahu akbar” has become almost synonymous with terrorism.
Our enemies will vanish like dew in the sun.
"These tokens bear, and in thy memory store."
It's not fair to deny me of the cross-eyed bear that you gave to me.
He loves her like crazy.
"When, musing sad and pensive, thou hast found / beside an oak-fringed river, on the shore, / a huge sow thirty-farrowed, and around, / milk-white as she, her litter, mark the ground, / that spot shall see thy promised town; for there / thy toils are ended, and thy rest is crowned."
How can I make amends?
I miss him so much.
Cat-eared characters are cute!
Who's a good kitty?
You're a good kitty.
You're a very good kitty.
Israel's nation-state law served as a rallying point for those who believed the country could not simultaneously be democratic and a Jewish state.
The long house arrest, trial, conviction, and imprisonment of Dareen Tatour served as a rallying point for those who were increasingly disillusioned with Israel's liberal democratic pretensions.
The election of Donald Trump served as a rallying point for those who had long been trying to warn the public about America's slow descent into despotism.
The attack on the World Trade Center served as a rallying point for reactionary elements within the United States who desired the erosion of civil liberties.
The Pulse massacre served as a rallying point for far-right members of the LGBT community.
I honestly think vegan sausages have far better mouthfeel than the regular kind.
Wow, tough crowd.
I accept only "yes" as an answer.
I need somebody who listens to me.
I thought you might enjoy it.
I thought you might enjoy doing that.
I thought that you might enjoy doing that.
I knew you'd enjoy reading that book.
Tom already knew the answer.
I knew that you'd enjoy reading that book.
She already knew the answer.
Tom already knew what to do.
I have been meaning to have a talk with you.
I've been meaning to have a talk with you.
I didn't know you were a romantic.
Tom bridled the horse.
Tom swung up into the saddle.
Tom tried to mount the horse.
Tom saddled and bridled the horse.
Promise me you'll come back.
The horse bucked.
Tom led the horse out of his stable.
Who wants apple pie?
The chicken is cooked.
The small table is in the garden.
The result of globalization is the triumph of unique thought.
The most expensive sweater is red.
She works at my titty bar in Houston.
Open the wardrobe by this key.
It's raining for two days.
She was walking carefully in order not to slip.
I'm scared of becoming what we are not if it continues like this.
The dog ate it.
He ate a dog.
I like telling stories for children.
The goats drank water.
This time, we'll win the football cup.
He's running.
Kabyle is a language like the other languages.
I like writing books in my own language.
Educate your children!
In California, it matters more how good you look doing it.
Every question has an answer.
I got a disease from listening to that band.
Who went with him?
Toto Cutugno said in his song: I'm an Italian, a true one.
They want to return.
He was sacrificed.
Meqqran likes reading.
Meqqran is sitting at a table with Tanina.
Meqqran went to school.
Meqqran learned writing.
Tom is taking the easy way out.
Tom wasn't being completely honest.
We've overslept again.
Tom has overslept again.
Both of us were tired.
You really hate dogs, don't you?
Why do you hate dogs so much?
Have you ever been attacked by a dog?
That's my neighbor's dog.
That's one of my dogs.
I left my dog at home.
There's a dog following us.
I apologized to Tom for what I did.
I didn't like my first French teacher.
I saw Tom sitting at his desk, reading a book.
Tom got fired this afternoon.
Tom seemed pretty drunk when I saw him yesterday.
Our teacher apologized to us for being late.
The spaghetti sauce would taste better if you added some onions.
Do you know how to treat a first-degree burn?
I'm still using the pen you gave me three years ago.
You'd better go get dressed.
You should go get dressed.
I hope you're doing well.
He promised us work and money.
That's a beautiful sword.
I eat rice every day.
Dogs have much better hearing than humans.
Do you want to crash at my place?
Do you want to stay at my place?
Do you want to sleep at my place?
Mary fell in love with a handsome cowboy.
Mary fell in love with a handsome young man.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful girl.
Tom fell in love with a beautiful young woman.
Mary, however, was already in love with a man named Tom.
Tom, however, was already in love with a girl called Mary.
Tom, however, was already in love with a girl named Mary.
Tom explored the world with his loyal dog, Buddy, at his side.
Mary is kind, selfless and compassionate.
Mary fell in love with a handsome gondolier.
Tom fell off the horse and broke his arm.
"Fear not this famine – 'tis an empty scare; / the Fates will find a way, and Phoebus hear thy prayer."
Why do we need hope?
The government considers every failure a success.
"As for yon shore and that Italian coast, / washed, where the land lies nearest, by our main, / shun them; their cities hold a hostile host. / There Troy's old foes, the evil Argives, reign."
I excused myself suddenly.
Tom excused himself suddenly.
Mary excused herself suddenly.
I am stronger than my brother.
I am successful in whatever I do.
Tom grew a little embarrassed.
Remember that time is money.
All my friends have one.
All my friends do it.
I don't really have a problem with it.
I like him. He's a nice person.
I like her. She's a nice person.
He's really cool.
She's really cool.
Tom's friends are always on their phones.
Tom outsmarted everyone else.
“Don’t make me add more to your sentence,” said the judge.
I’m jealous of all the cool jerks that have that muscle car.
He was learning to swim.
He's learning Arabic.
Tom loves going out with his friends.
Mary loves going out with her friends.
Mary loves going out with her girlfriends.
Tom was our last hope.
"Locrians of Narycos her towns contain. / There fierce Idomeneus from Crete brought o'er / his troops to vex the Sallentinian plain; / there, girt with walls and guarded by the power / of Philoctetes, stands Petelia's tiny tower."
Mary couldn't deny that she found him handsome.
She had always found him handsome.
She found him more handsome than ever.
She is a dear friend.
Mary is a dear friend.
Tom is a barista.
Tom bought a coffee machine.
What time tomorrow?
I’ll just slick my hair back.
Do you have any hair gel?
I have to go to the drugstore.
You should clean out your trunk.
This website needs a redesign.
You should clean out the trunk of your car.
It has never snowed during the summer.
The limp figure lay still on the bed.
She is a diligent student.
Where the hell is this?
Where the hell is that?
"Nay, when thy vessels, ranged upon her shore, / rest from the deep, and on the beach ye light / the votive altars, and the gods adore, / veil then thy locks, with purple hood bedight, / and shroud thy visage from a foeman's sight, / lest hostile presence, 'mid the flames divine, / break in, and mar the omen and the rite."
The app is acting up.
Do we have enough milk?
Have we got enough milk?
Dad always drives too fast.
I don't have a crocodile.
The cat is in the kitchen.
Cats have a nice, soft fur.
Her suitcase is too heavy.
Their suitcase is too heavy.
Where did you buy your trousers?
I live in the Netherlands.
Where do you buy your clothes?
My mother and I will go to the hospital.
The island is uninhabited.
How many times?
I want to become an MMA fighter.
The milkshake machine is broken.
Nick did not do this exercise.
Tom challenged John to a duel.
Mary paid a personal trainer to get Tom in shape.
I’m number one in the world.
Tom sat at the kitchen table, peeling potatoes.
Tom is in the kitchen, washing dishes.
Tom and Mary are sitting on the porch, talking to each other.
Tom opened the door and told Mary that John wasn't home.
Tom is Tom.
Tom fell down the cliff to his death.
Tom flew over the parked car with his bicycle.
Mary packed a dozen sandwiches for Tom's hiking trip.
Tom likes to please Mary.
Bad weather won't last forever.
The cow gives us milk.
The scalded cat fears cold water.
Tom outsmarted everybody else.
Mary loves shopping for clothes.
Tom found a buried treasure.
Tom has a treasure map.
In the northern countries, winter is hard.
Tom cooked rice for everyone.
Tom was sleeping peacefully.
Tom is sleeping peacefully.
Mary was sleeping peacefully.
Do you mind if I take the top bunk?
Tom climbed into the top bunk.
Tom climbed to the top bunk.
This could lead to strange bugs.
Some verbs have irregular forms.
I'm numbering them for ease of reference.
I think it makes a lot of sense.
Makes sense.
That's it!
Ok.
Where will your friends sleep?
A lot of Palestinian students pass through the occupying army's checkpoints to get to school.
Where is my pen?
Is that problematic for you?
The Frecciarossa and Frecciargento are Italian high-speed trains.
The Frecciarossa can reach speeds of up to km/h.
How did this go under the radar?
Music is, and will likely always be, Tom's greatest joy in life.
Nobody sent me a letter.
Dinner!
Breakfast!
Writing paper, please!
More work?
He lies!
He's lying!
She lies!
She's lying!
Attention, danger to life!
I sweat.
I am sweating.
Forget that!
He read the letter slowly and emphasized each word.
There are many churches in Rome.
There are many fountains in Rome.
Almost all of Rome's famous piazzas have fountains.
The temple of Jupiter was the most important temple in ancient Rome.
The Forum was the center of political life in ancient Rome.
Gladiators fought to death inside the Colosseum.
The Pantheon was a Roman temple.
The Pantheon is now a church.
The Pantheon is one of Rome's best preserved ancient buildings.
The Pantheon is a marvel of Roman engineering.
The Pantheon inspired many Renaissance architects and artists.
There are many Egyptian obelisks in Rome.
I must have drifted off.
Don't act like you're so innocent.
Don't pretend to be so innocent.
I know that you were romantically involved with Tom.
Living below your means is the secret to getting rich.
Her voice trembled slightly.
Mary's voice trembled slightly.
Tom's voice trembled slightly.
I don't like that part of town.
It's the pot calling the kettle black.
You are unbeatable!
You are unstoppable!
They are unstoppable!
We are unstoppable!
She is unstoppable!
He is unstoppable!
I am unstoppable!
We don’t live in rural areas anymore. You can’t just explode into a rage and expect people to forget. People have options now and they’ll find a better situation.
My phone is new, but I don't have money.
Tom was an adventurer.
He needs to help him.
Close!
I hope so!
Each guest must leave after the party.
It's status quo.
I'm looking for postcards. Where are they, please?
The status quo goes on.
I'm looking for T-shirts.
Don't worry, it's as safe as houses!
Our memories are stored in the temporal-lobe of the brain.
I have temporal-lobe epilepsy.
Please have your documents ready for passport control.
When you disembark the flight, you will go through passport control.
Dignity comes first.
The chemistry industry is studying for new technologies and better modernisations.
The Kabyle is like heather: he prefers to break rather than bend.
There is no trust where there is no democracy.
Democracy can't exist without trust.
This bad weather won't last forever.
Don't sign the document until you've read it.
What confusion!
Such confusion!
They call me a tart.
They call me an army whore.
Tom's a dead man. He just doesn't know it yet.
This suit is fire-resistant.
We're university students.
We're college students.
There are dictators not only in dictatorships, but in so called democracies as well.
Tom has never ever had an original idea.
It will be best if I start the story at the very beginning.
It started to rain a little.
I think my husband may have been cheating on me.
I think my husband may be cheating on me.
I think my wife may have been cheating on me.
I think my wife may be cheating on me.
The Fontana della Pigna is Tom's favorite Roman fountain.
The road to peace is never smooth.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
He denied his origins.
He lost a losing battle.
He's fighting a losing battle.
Many people will add Kabyle in their profile; that's what they work for!
There is nothing questionable about him.
Let him be calm.
Where's his sentence?
Pity those who do not know empathy.
Do you like suits?
Do you know the rules of American football?
We yawned.
The girl saw her, too.
The girl saw them, too.
The girl saw him, too.
Tom ate a huge bowl of spaghetti.
The garlic bread caught fire in the oven.
The book cannot read itself.
These wooden spoons are great for domestic violence.
Occasionally a dog will back up, but usually dogs operate in a forward gear.
Its name is Tom.
Its name's Tom.
I need new tyres.
Now that poezio is up on GitLab, I feel like contributing again. It didn't take much.
I want a new lamp.
I just ate half a bag of figs.
Progress was swift.
I will make updates on the weekends.
When did you last do something for the first time?
Hate breeds hate.
Such a thing has never happened to me.
Is she hiding something?
How much sugar is healthy?
I have more books than I can read.
I've got more books than I can read.
Stay calm, please.
Eyes are scared, but hands are working.
It's better that way.
Take the honey and butter!
Wherever you plant them, they dry up.
It seems we're in trouble.
Today I am here, tomorrow maybe not.
David and Jonathan knew each other biblically.
I found only three occurrences of the word "woman" in the entire article.
Leave while you are resplendent.
We found him downtown laying on a bench.
A word can either touch someone or only fly over him.
A volleyball player must be a good smasher.
I hadn't closed an eye all night.
He sat waiting for them to arrive.
So far she hasn't understood anything.
The opinion reunites or divides men.
Put simply what they want to hear.
I'm feeling a bit better.
Opinion unites or divides men.
Till now, she has understood nothing.
I haven't understood anything so far.
Someone please invent a mescal tequila and habanero cocktail called “Tire Fire”.
I will leave next week!
Please turn your textbook to page 42.
The kettle is on the table.
He called his sister.
Have you ever wondered if our universe is just a simulated political satire of one that actually exists?
Tom likes to watch football.
They wanted to lead the country ignoring the will of the people.
I can't find my braces.
Do I have any other choice?
I got to know her name and her address.
Tom loves to shitpost in his spare time.
Is that a shitpost?
"What do the Hebrew letters in that epitaph mean?" "May her soul be bound up in the bond of life."
I don't know how to spell his name.
There's no point in getting angry at the universe, because the universe doesn't care.
It's very hard not to be angry today.
People said that if we stopped listening to trolls, they would disappear. So we stopped listening to them, and now they rule the world.
How can you listen to that asshole?
The elephant is bored: bring him a companion.
I don't want to listen to your shitty music.
Why doesn't anyone care to listen to the poor?
I'm very tired and don't have a place to sleep.
It's hard to find a bench that you can sleep on in this city.
This bench has a barrier to prevent the homeless from sleeping.
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.
Many university students don't have a lot of money.
Many college students don't have a lot of money.
Let's face it.
Every life has to end one way or another.
Are we sure about this?
Are we sure about that?
Now get cracking!
I can't see it in this darkness.
“Are you hungry?” “Not yet.”
That’s pretty sick.
You need to reapply the sunscreen in eighty minutes.
I wish I was hungry.
I'm not going to work with you today.
Help me get out.
You are not needed.
Did you like this book?
Help me get out of here.
Help me get out of the car.
Please help Tom get out of the rowboat.
Did you like the book that Tom lent you?
Did you like the book Tom lent you?
I'm memorizing the periodic table.
You've taken out the trash.
Where will they be?
In a little house there lived three bears.
