We visit Tom from time to time.
We often visit Tom.
Without his glasses, Tom can hardly see anything.
Tom can hardly see anything without his glasses.
Please do come again.
What on earth was Tom trying to do?
Here comes our bus.
It snows more here than it does in Boston.
Tom told me where the party would be, but he forgot to tell me what time it was going to start.
I have lots of work to do today.
I haven't had a good night's sleep all week.
I wonder why Tom changed his mind.
Do you know when Tom plans to leave?
Do you know what time Tom plans to leave?
I used to always walk to school.
I used to walk to school when I was your age.
Someone broke into Tom's house last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's house last night.
Tom sat down near the window, put on his glasses and began to read the book that Mary had given him.
Tom's house was broken into last night.
Tom's house looks like a castle.
What on earth is Tom trying to do?
How on earth did Tom do that?
What do you want to talk to Tom about?
Why did Tom eat that?
Is it OK if I take a look around?
Tom seemed busy when I saw him.
Tom seemed happy when I saw him.
It almost didn't happen.
That almost didn't happen.
We almost weren't able to do that.
Tom almost got killed.
We almost didn't do that.
Tom says that he and Mary almost got married.
I almost bought one of those.
I don't think anybody else has noticed.
These bananas aren't ripe.
Tom is going to go, too.
No one is irreplaceable.
I sliced the watermelon.
Is there anybody in the classroom?
Is there anybody in the pool?
Is there anybody waiting at the bus stop?
Is there anyone in the classroom?
Is there anyone in the pool?
Is there anyone waiting at the bus stop?
The chair is short enough for him.
She learned to bicycle over the last year.
My uncle bought a new television for us.
We are making a difference.
We stand united against evil.
Best wishes to all.
Bless you for all your good works.
Make way!
Tom is the son of a policeman.
Start shoveling coal, men!
What's her top speed?
I see a smoke stack over the horizon.
Why do you think fish can't feel pain?
Tom is the brother of a convicted murderer.
What makes you think fish can't feel pain?
Why do you think you have to do that?
What makes you think you have to do that?
Why did Tom think he had to do that?
I wonder what made Tom think he had to do that.
What made you think you had to do that?
Why did you think you had to do that?
Do you really think that fish don't feel pain?
Do you really think fish don't feel pain?
Do you think plants feel pain?
When will the rain stop?
There is a lot of old chewing gum stuck to the sidewalk.
Do you think it'll stop raining soon?
Why are people cruel to the crippled boy?
When did it stop raining?
Did it rain all night?
When was the last time it rained here?
We didn't get much rain last spring.
I hope we get some rain soon.
Tom spent his days dreaming about time machines.
It looks like it might rain, so you should take an umbrella with you.
I wonder why Tom was yelling at Mary.
Tom spent most of the day studying French.
Tom spent all morning cleaning the garage.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading.
When was the last time you spent any time with Tom?
I hope we can make a difference.
The lion decided to become a vegetarian.
I don't think what we did made any difference.
I don't think what we did helped.
I don't think it was what we did that made Tom angry.
It's good teamwork again.
Tom has decided to become a vegetarian.
Tom said he was thinking of becoming a vegetarian.
We had dinner by candlelight.
I would like to ask for your support.
You had to stay.
Tom and Mary had a candlelit dinner together on Valentine's Day.
Do you want to eat something before the concert?
Tom and Mary had a romantic candlelit dinner on Valentine's Day.
Marie reluctantly takes another piece of cake.
Do you want to eat something before we leave?
Let's stop and get something to eat before the concert.
Tom doesn't usually eat anything before he goes on stage.
How long will you have to stay in Boston?
Do you have to stay in Boston as long as Tom does?
Tom was hesitant to take another cookie, even though Mary offered him one.
Tom didn't eat any of the cookies that Mary baked for him.
There are no green spaces to play in.
Tom breaks everything.
Tom likes to wear yellow high top sneakers.
Tom is nine inches taller than Mary.
Tom has a strong Boston accent.
This box of cereal has expired.
Tom weary from his long flight.
They lost our bags.
I can't stay awake.
These are some good ideas.
Why did you have to stay in Boston for so long?
Tom had some good ideas.
Some of Tom's ideas were pretty good.
Some of Tom's ideas weren't very good.
I didn't like any of Tom's ideas.
Some of Tom's ideas were good, but a lot of them weren't.
I'm not very likely to do that again.
Make it count.
Sami died at dawn.
Sami is tied up.
Sami was assaulted.
Sami's body was tossed in the trunk.
Sami couldn't run away from his assailants.
Sami suffered unimaginable abuse.
Sami dealt Layla a fatal blow.
Sami was the only one to resist.
Sami is terrified.
Sami became paralyzed with fear.
Sami didn't do anything.
Sami must have been terrified.
Sami used gasoline to burn Layla's body.
Sami dropped a heavy bolder on Layla's head.
Sami had breakfast at a McDonald's.
I'm not like them.
What you write and how you write can change your life.
Who are you saying that to?
Hurry up! We're late.
Marie came to West Germany when she was five years old.
Of course! Why didn't I think of that before?
Two more beers, please!
You must not ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Do you know how to get rich?
Honestly, this is not a really well-paying job.
That luxury car is small.
It's cloudy again.
The car is dirty.
A bird pooped on the windshield.
I can hear sirens in the distance.
I sent out the payment a couple of days ago.
Your sister called.
Your brother is sick.
Your brother recovered from his surgery.
There's been a cold snap here lately.
We recognize your longstanding service to the community.
My head feels like a gong.
Here comes the rain.
Gather your things.
Mom is making me a birthday cake.
Not even the teacher talked about that topic.
The aircraft was so fast that I couldn't even see it.
He didn't even say that he liked me.
I don't even know where my older brother went.
It couldn't be better.
I will write about how I see my country, The Moldovian Republic.
Does anybody know who the tall, blond girl dressed in green is?
If a cube is green, the fact that I can't show you how it isn't green doesn't make it any less green.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
The month March is the first month of Spring.
In winter in Romania, it snows a lot.
Your answer is entirely unsatisfactory.
You're a woman, not a man.
He's not a girl.
She is a girl and I'm a boy.
He doesn't have a home anymore!
What have you told Mary that she's crying now?
Even a monkey can solve a problem as simple as this one.
Boston Dynamics created a robot that can even run.
He even called me "ugly".
He doesn't even know who called.
Tom has two turtles.
Eggs are usually sold by the dozen in America.
I'm not a professional musician anymore.
Are you having a Valentine's Day party at your house again this year?
I haven't read either of those books yet.
I've already read both of those books.
I paid twice as much for my bicycle as Tom paid for his.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's.
My bicycle cost twice as much as Tom's bicycle.
I haven't read either of those books.
What did you say to Tom that made him cry?
What did you say to Tom that made him cry like that?
Tom said something to Mary that made her cry.
Don't ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Don't ride your bicycle on the sidewalk.
He broke his jaw and lost a few teeth.
He saved money.
He was saving money.
Tom said he was saving up money to buy a new car.
Tom spent all his savings on a new car.
We have spent a lot of time searching for a parking space.
His tears were real.
He is imitating a monkey.
I say everything.
I'm going to say everything.
It took me a long time to find a place to park.
I had trouble finding a place to park.
What sort of thing is Wikipedia?
There was no end to the girl's chatter.
The girl's chitchat never came to an end.
Bees pollinate flowers and trees, and collect nectar to make honey, bee glue and bee venom.
With her small income she is having trouble making ends meet.
With her small income she is having difficulties getting by.
When will you return the borrowed money?
The fuse blew.
Where are my crisps?
Where are my potato chips?
Now I want you more than ever.
Now I desire you more than ever.
Your home is where you are without a bra.
Paul is one of the students who will participate in the chess tournament.
My stomach is upset.
My head is throbbing.
I'm feeling gassy.
Can you pick up some saltine crackers?
Head north.
We're having a picnic tomorrow.
There's a piece missing.
He's doing better.
They should be finishing up by now.
Tom is doing better today than he was yesterday.
Tom seems to be feeling better today than he was yesterday.
Tom doesn't look as tired today as he looked yesterday.
I wonder why Tom is so sleepy today.
This puzzle has a missing piece.
There's a piece missing from this puzzle.
Tom is doing better in school this year.
Defend the church.
Defend the Church.
He looked at his beautiful tulip.
Do you have trouble understanding what women or babies say to you?
Your fate is in my hands.
Why isn't she sleeping?
Today is a very hot day.
We'll meet him tomorrow.
The train is already here.
The train has already arrived.
Today I'm paying.
They get tired easily.
They tire easily.
The car battery has run down.
His friends love him.
It's hard to be honest.
It's far away.
The elephant has a short tail.
Water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen.
What is "American football" called in English?
What is "American football" in English?
When you finish reading this letter, burn it.
He was looking at you the whole time. Didn't you notice?
You like music.
Is this your first trip to Rome?
After you finish reading this letter, burn it.
I walked my dog.
How often do you walk your dog?
Do you walk your dog every day?
We don't understand.
Do you take your dog for a walk every day?
We don't understand it.
Tom is usually the one who takes our dog out for a walk.
I can't believe that Tom did all this himself.
We'll see each other in half an hour.
She'd like to know who sent the flowers.
Did you really do your homework by yourself?
That coat's mine, not Tom's.
I can't be there myself, so I'll send Tom to help you.
Tom's mother told him not to play with matches.
Anybody who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
Anyone who doesn't want to go, doesn't have to.
That's what I call smart.
I have two uncles; one lives in Boston and the other lives in Chicago.
All three of my sisters have married Canadians.
You're not allowed to park on this side of the street.
All of these apples are rotten.
These apples are all rotten.
I asked Tom the reason.
Please give me something cold to drink.
Tom read a lot more books last month than I did.
I asked Tom what his reasons for doing that were.
Did you ask Tom the reason?
It's not possible to please everyone.
It isn't possible to please everybody.
They named the child after the grandfather.
We got on the wrong train.
Are we on the right road?
I had to stay home all weekend because I was sick.
Tom had to stay home all last week because he had to take care of his mother.
I don't usually drink coffee in the evening.
I always try to be punctual.
This box isn't large enough for all of these things.
It's about time for bed.
It's almost time to eat.
I'm pretty sure that I've seen that man here before.
The last time I came here was a year ago.
The down jacket that I bought yesterday cost me a lot less than I had expected.
I don't think I've ever met anyone who knows how to do that.
I don't think I've ever met anybody who knows how to do that.
Tom is one of the most irritating people I've ever met.
I can't believe Tom did all this himself.
I can't believe that Tom was able to do this all by himself.
He lies like a eulogy.
I can't believe Tom did all this by himself.
I can't believe Tom did all this without any help.
He had crazy in his eyes.
He lies like a funeral sermon.
Tom hurt Mary.
Tom cheated Mary.
Tom tricked Mary.
Sami must have been scared.
Sami was like a hero.
Sami tried to strangle Layla with her pantyhose.
Sami married Dr. Layla Bakir.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect match.
Sami was studying radiology.
Sami and Layla were an ambitious young couple.
Sami was insulted.
Sami stood up.
Sami turned around.
Sami is not going to hurt Layla.
Sami is going to kill Layla.
Sami took the life of an innocent young man.
Sami plotted, planned, and pulled the trigger.
Sami turned himself into the victim.
Sami was there and he assaulted Layla.
Sami got arrested.
Tom put the chicks in a cardboard box.
Sami trusts Layla completely.
Sami hatched a plan to deceive his wife.
Sami refused to reveal where the money was.
Sami struggled a little bit with his self-esteem.
Sami and Layla were divorced.
Sami had no motivation to work.
Sami was looking for love on the Internet.
Maybe you've forgotten that I am married.
Tom's not home right now.
Pick up a gallon of milk.
I need to hurry up.
Pick up your dog poop.
Sideburns are not optional.
I need more grease in my diet.
Such extravagance!
Release the hounds!
That's how you would have avenged me.
Tom got stuck in a phone tree.
The operation begins at dawn.
I wonder why women survive for men.
3% of the population doesn't want to eat anymore.
Sami wanted to live a life of luxury.
The hands trying to untie the knots / the ribbons speckled on the forehead / of poisonous spit, horrendous cries / he goes vibrating, making the air pulsate.
They met each other on the street.
I don't think we have reason to celebrate.
We've reason to be afraid.
This man does not trust them.
Having met Tom at the station, Maria asked him how his vacations had been.
He sees. It's water. He laughs. He dives.
I still remember — and nothing else matters to me — those days of so soft light, which always left me, as souvenir, some new toy by the door.
Mary is the prettiest girl in our class.
How much sugar do you want me to put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you want in your coffee?
The textbook we use in our French class was written by a Canadian.
My brother who lives in Boston is a carpenter.
My brother, who lives in Boston, is a carpenter.
We often eat breakfast in the kitchen.
The restaurant we're going to eat at tonight is near where I work.
Tom still lives in the house he was born in.
There's no reason you can't do that.
I don't like the way Tom plays the guitar.
I don't like the way Tom cooks pasta.
That job took us longer than we expected.
That job took more time than we expected.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I expected.
It took me a lot longer to do that than I thought it would.
It took Tom a lot longer to do that than it took me.
It took us all day to clean the basement.
It took me three hours to make this whistle.
It took Tom three hours to finish his homework.
I can tell by the way Tom speaks that he's a Canadian.
I can tell by the way Tom talks that he's a Canadian.
Mary is a very attractive girl.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were kids.
We used to swim in this river a lot when we were children.
I don't think what Tom said made any sense.
I now have the ability to be a pretentious prick.
Let's see who makes it home first.
Your life is in jeopardy.
The milk has curdled.
We make our own sour cream.
We make yogurt at home.
This kefir has too much sugar in it.
This store is too expensive.
I canceled the newspaper delivery.
This website has too many ads.
The hot water bottle is burning my leg.
My neck is sore.
I need to get a loofa for the shower.
Don't try to guilt-trip me.
You don't grow spiritually just because you go to parties named after Hindu gods and do drugs.
I want you to take me seriously.
This razor is kaput.
I'll put it on my calendar.
She's sitting on a gold mine.
I'll have the frog legs.
You cannot order just one frog leg.
I'll have one frog leg to go.
I wish it was easier.
There's a lot more to learn.
You've just scratched the surface.
No one is here to take your call.
Our offices are closed now.
You've paid too much.
Is this pencil not yours?
Stop mumbling.
Stick to the task at hand.
You work ethic is admirable.
Where is the closest currency exchange?
Aging doesn't cost anything.
If you want to sleep here, no problem.
There's no problem if you want to sleep here.
This is a picture of the first car I owned.
This is a picture of one of my dogs.
There's a whole day's work for nix.
Tom's snoring kept me awake all night.
Tom has volunteered to stay up all night and keep the fire burning.
Don't throw rocks!
I haven't even packed yet.
We need to drop the dog off at the kennel.
Where are your shoes?
You need to plan your wardrobe for the trip.
Now he gets it.
I didn't want to let people down.
Stay tuned for a new episode.
When Tom was young, he worked in the United States for a year.
When I arrived at the station, my friends were waiting for me.
Of all the women, my mother cooks the best.
Which of us runs faster?
Cologne Cathedral is the largest gothic cathedral of the Germanic countries.
Tom is the greatest of all.
Tom would like to visit the Eiffel Tower.
Tom was convinced that he was the happiest man in the world.
"So I said to the judge, 'Your mama is guilty of public indecency!'" "No you didn't."
Remember what your father used to say in situations like this.
Just about every woman loves me.
Sami didn't know where to go.
Sami lost custody of his children.
Sami needed Layla's support.
Sami was raised that way.
Sami spent a month in foster care.
Sami's children were returned to their mother.
Sami and Layla stayed in touch.
Sami learned he had terminal cancer.
Sami retired to take care of Layla.
Sami died in June, 2006.
Sami was truly alone.
Sami's sadness deepened into a depression.
Sami's whole life was built on Layla.
Sami had a good relationship with his family.
Sami came to visit Layla.
Sami was dependent upon his daughter, Layla.
Sami came back into Layla's life.
Sami wanted somebody to take care of him.
Sami is looking good.
Sami needed other people around him.
Sami was there to help Layla.
Sami soon moved in.
Sami and Layla live together.
Sami was hoping to have a romantic relationship with Layla.
Sami was absolutely enamored with Layla.
Sami loved this show.
Sami was babysitting Layla's daughter.
Sami could not get hold of Layla.
Sami attempted to contact Layla many times.
Sami was unable to contact Layla.
Sami isn't taking any visitors.
Sami let Layla in.
Sami was forced to pick a side.
Sami didn't want anyone yelling in his house.
Sami and Layla didn't get along.
Sami didn't know what was happening.
Sami talked to Layla.
Sami's daughter is very concerned.
Sami asked the police to leave him alone.
When Tom met Mary at the station, he asked her how her vacation had been.
Sami is of sound mind.
Sami can do whatever he wants to do with his life.
Sami wanted to make sure Layla was OK.
Sami knew there was something going on.
Sami always wanted to be around his grandchildren.
Sami was avoiding Layla.
Sami told people he didn't want to be around Layla anymore.
Sami claimed that Layla had tried to break into his house.
Sami wants to take matters into his own hands.
Sami showed up at Layla's house.
Sami was trying to control Layla.
Sami wanted to separate Layla from her family.
Sami's visit only enflamed the conflict between Layla and her husband.
Sami knows that.
Sami wants to be with Layla.
Sami has just left.
Sami wanted to go out.
Sami packed up his things.
Sami headed West.
Sami called Layla several times.
Sami was traumatized.
Sami left Egypt for Canada.
Sami didn't press charges.
Sami knew he was in a tight spot.
Sami was injured quite badly in Iraq.
Sami has paid a stiff price for his service.
Sami had an injury to his head.
Sami served in Iraq.
Sami suffered from many failed relationships.
Sami thought Layla might be able to help him.
Sami said he never laid a hand on Layla.
Sami provided police information.
Sami can stay with us.
Sami has just retired.
Sami brought Layla to Cairo.
Sami welcomed Layla to his new apartment.
Sami wanted to take a shower.
Sami looked at Layla's tattoo.
Sami gave Layla a place to live.
Sami was worried that something was wrong.
Sami tried to contact Layla.
Sami didn't answer Layla's call.
Sami never called back.
Sami wants to move to Cairo.
Sami wasn't entirely isolated.
Sami has never been to a bar in his whole entire life.
Sami shouldn't be drinking.
Sami was only 26.
Sami was giving Layla advice.
Sami came back home broken.
Sami noticed tension between his mother and his stepfather.
Sami helped Layla to adjust to civilian life.
Sami was scared to talk.
Sami loved casinos.
Sami was always gambling.
Sami withdrew tens of thousands of dollar out of Layla's accounts.
Sami became addicted to gambling.
Sami was on medication.
Sami didn't like pain meds at all.
Sami was on his way to the casino.
Sami was wheezing.
Sami is coughing again.
Sami wasn't driving.
Sami decided to take Layla home.
Sami was sitting there.
Sami was hacking.
Sami and Layla were partying.
Sami was awakened by the voice of his mother shouting from the bathroom.
Sami thought it was evening.
Sami's odd behavior persisted.
Sami has to calm down.
Sami was upset, too.
Sami didn't die of natural causes.
Sami weighed a hundred pounds.
Sami withdrew a lot of cash.
Sami believes Layla's death was a brutal act of murder.
Sami told Layla everything he knew.
Sami was intimidated.
Sami didn't have anything to do with that.
Sami never deviated from that story.
Sami awoke to his mother's screams.
Sami was sleeping on a couch.
Sami was interrogated.
Sami was not involved in Layla's death.
Sami died of strangulation.
Sami thinks Layla was murdered.
Sami heard a crash.
Sami hurt himself.
Sami was far from being an angel, especially with Layla.
Sami went to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Sami wanted to close the door.
Sami was tired of his stepfather's abuse.
Sami has had enough.
Sami was choking Layla.
Sami doesn't deserve this.
Sami has got plenty to say.
Sami isn't quite who Layla thinks he is.
Sami was abusive towards Layla.
Sami didn't treat Layla well.
Sami cooks.
Sami cleans the house.
Sami witnessed the murder.
Sami should stay out of this.
Sami would never hurt a fly.
Sami was right to be concerned.
Sami got Layla to sign a power of attorney.
Sami had a plan in case he was arrested.
Sami wanted to skip town.
Tom was yawning.
I poured myself some wine.
Tom was unprepared.
You'd better tell me everything.
Tom was very noisy.
I was very worried about you.
Tom was very lonely.
I'm likely to regret doing that.
Tom was very selfish.
I'm likely to regret doing this.
Tom was very unhappy.
I'm still determined to do that.
Tom was very gullible.
I'm supposed to stop doing that.
Tom was very stubborn.
I'm not accustomed to doing that.
Tom was very talkative.
I'm probably not doing this right.
Tom was very aggressive.
I'm very interested in doing that.
Tom was very intoxicated.
I've spent all afternoon doing that.
Tom was understandably curious.
I'm still interested in doing that.
Tom was under the bed.
I made myself a cup of coffee.
Tom was wearing a wig.
How do you get over a hangover?
Tom was wearing a suit.
I hung my jacket in the closet.
Tom was wrong as usual.
I'm the only one that did that.
Tom was very happy here.
I'm the only one who does that.
Tom was very, very lucky.
I'm too old to do that anymore.
Tom was wrong, wasn't he?
Tom was serious, wasn't he?
I'm very sure I should do that.
Tom was unlucky, wasn't he?
I'm going to volunteer to do that.
Tom was very grouchy today.
I'm learning how to do that now.
Tom was very well prepared.
I'm likely to do that by myself.
Tom was wearing white socks.
I'm likely to do that next week.
Tom was working last weekend.
I'm likely to forget to do that.
Tom was unfriendly, wasn't he?
I'm not able to do that anymore.
Tom's eyesight isn't very good.
I'm not able to do that tonight.
Tom was very mad at Mary.
I'm not allowed to do that here.
Tom was very angry with me.
Tom was very angry with you.
I'm not likely to do that today.
Tom was very friendly to us.
I'm not smart enough to do that.
Tom was very hard to please.
I'm now learning how to do that.
Tom was unwilling to do that.
I'm smart enough not to do that.
Tom was very happy in Boston.
I'm the one that did that wrong.
Tom was very late, wasn't he?
I'm the only one who'll do that.
Tom was very reluctant to go.
I wasn't being forced to do that.
Tom was very rude, wasn't he?
I'm hoping you'll do that for me.
Tom was very angry, wasn't he?
I'm not going to stop doing that.
Tom was very worried about it.
I'm not willing to do that again.
Tom was wearing a sports coat.
I'm sick and tired of doing that.
Tom was very popular on campus.
I'm still not allowed to do that.
Tom was very satisfied with it.
I'm the one who'll be doing that.
Tom was very worried about you.
I'm the only one who's done that.
Tom seemed to be very impatient.
I'm too depressed to do that now.
Tom was very patient, wasn't he?
I'm too exhausted to do that now.
Tom was very serious about that.
I'm hoping you'll do that with me.
Tom was very unhappy, wasn't he?
I'm just getting ready to do that.
Tom was very worried about Mary.
I'm likely to never do that again.
Tom was wearing an orange shirt.
I'm likely to not do that anymore.
Tom was working late last night.
I'm not actually going to do that.
Tom was worried sick about Mary.
I'm not allowed to do that either.
Tom was your teacher, wasn't he?
I'm not going to do that tomorrow.
Tom was very concerned about you.
I'm not going to start doing that.
Tom was very friendly, wasn't he?
I'm not likely to do that anymore.
Tom was very reckless, wasn't he?
I'm not supposed to be doing that.
Tom was very stubborn, wasn't he?
I'm not supposed to do that alone.
Tom was worried about his health.
I'm not supposed to do that today.
Tom was very sarcastic, wasn't he?
I'm probably not going to do that.
Tom was very talkative, wasn't he?
I'm still learning how to do that.
Tom was working with us yesterday.
I'm still planning not to do that.
Tom was very aggressive, wasn't he?
I'm supposed to be doing that now.
Tom was very persuasive, wasn't he?
I'm supposed to do that by myself.
Tom was wearing a wide-brimmed hat.
I'm supposed to do that next week.
Tom was worried about his children.
I'm supposed to do that on Monday.
Tom wasn't home last Monday evening.
I'm the one who's been doing that.
Tom was the one who said that.
I'm the only one who's doing that.
Tom said he'd be willing to go.
I'm very unlikely to ever do that.
Tom was much busier than I was.
I'm hoping you'll agree to do that.
Tom was very happy to see Mary.
I'm in Boston doing that right now.
Tom was paid well for doing that.
I'm not allowed to do that anymore.
Tom was very sure Mary could win.
I'm not flexible enough to do that.
Tom was writing a book last year.
I'm not willing to do that anymore.
Tom was unaware that Mary had lied.
I'm probably going to do that soon.
Tom was very determined to do that.
I'm very unlikely to do that again.
Tom was worried that he'd get lost.
I'm probably going to do that again.
Tom was worried that we'd get lost.
I'm probably going to do that today.
Tom was working in Boston last year.
I'm probably never going to do that.
Tom was working on that last Monday.
I'm supposed to be doing that today.
Tom wore one of my shirts yesterday.
I'm willing to try doing that again.
Please don't let Tom ride my bicycle.
I'm likely going to do that tomorrow.
Tom seems to be willing to negotiate.
I'm not interested in doing that now.
Tom was wearing a white cotton shirt.
I'm only half way through doing that.
Tom was worried about losing his job.
I'm only halfway through doing this.
Tom was wearing a white sports jacket.
I'm probably the one who'll have to do that.
Tom was wearing a black suit yesterday.
I'll be the last one to do that.
Tom was your French teacher, wasn't he?
I'm not in any hurry to do that.
Tom was your guitar teacher, wasn't he?
I'm the one that has to do that.
Tom was very satisfied with the results.
I'm unable to do that on my own.
Tom worked overtime the day before yesterday.
I'm very sure I have to do that.
Do you know when Tom will be here?
We might get hurt if we do that.
Tom said he was used to doing that.
I'm likely to be able to do that.
Do you know when Tom bought his car?
I'm not going to have to do that.
I'm not going to need to do that.
Tom was unwilling to help me do that.
I'm too busy to help you do that.
Tom was very happy that his team won.
I'm hoping you can do that for me.
Tom was very sure Mary could do that.
I'm not able to do that by myself.
Tom was very sure that Mary did that.
I'm not the only one who did that.
Tom was wearing the tie you gave him.
I'm now able to do that by myself.
Tom used to be your friend, didn't he?
I'm the one that needs to do that.
Tom was unaware of what Mary had done.
I'm the person who has to do that.
Sami was quickly released.
Sami wasn't seen again until Layla's trial.
Sami was there to testify against Layla.
Sami didn't think that would end up in murder.
Sami was just afraid.
Sami can't believe that Layla was a killer.
Sami was working on a documentary project.
Sami took the blame.
Sami paid the price.
Sami could sense that.
Sami loved to hang out with billionaires like him.
Sami has lived most of his adult life in Cairo.
Sami has just returned from Egypt.
Sami sensed that something wasn't quite right.
Sami's dog hasn't been fed for days.
Sami smelt a strong odor.
Sami went to get his own key.
Sami was screaming on the phone.
Sami appeared to be pretty incoherent.
Sami waited for the police to contact him.
Sami was hysterical enough to be sedated.
Sami flipped the mattress.
Sami removed the trash bags.
Sami's body was put inside a body bag.
Sami grew up here.
Sami refused to pay rent.
Sami's dishwasher wasn't working.
Sami refused to speak with Layla directly.
Sami delivered Layla the news.
Sami's body was found.
Sami didn't regain consciousness at all.
Sami committed the murder.
Sami pulled Layla's body into the closet.
Sami put the key into his pocket.
Sami acted alone.
Sami is not getting out of jail.
Sami hung himself in his cell.
Sami had the safety he longed for.
What helps with a cough?
You wore the same shirt yesterday.
I'll give you a ride to the airport.
I have to go ask a question.
We have to get him a wheelchair at the terminal.
Buy me a keychain as a souvenir.
Do you want a T-shirt?
You've got it in the wrong gear.
What you say leaves me cold.
What you say is false.
What you say is not true.
Tom is as smart as you.
There's no time for tomfoolery!
Wait out front.
Sami noticed Layla's gate was ajar.
Sami was immediately questioned by police.
There're sausages for breakfast.
My coffee mug disappeared.
He's been in solitary confinement.
We'll get there soon.
Come in though the gate.
You have nourished your babies.
You have suckled your babies.
The Congo is a Third World country.
Prevention is always the best solution.
Yesterday it was so cold again. I may have frozen.
Talk quieter.
Talk more quietly.
Speak more quietly.
There's no traffic jam.
What nonsense are you talking about?
What helps cure a cough?
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
Donald was the name of my English teacher.
You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
Mary now lives with her mother.
Mary now lives with her father.
The taxi drivers must know the shortest path to each point of the city.
Tom is learning French. He must really be a man of culture.
Tell him, asshole!
Tell her, asshole!
Call me when you are in Paris.
This is the photo of one of my dogs.
We have to be at the airport at 5:00AM.
We have to get through security.
Pick up my favorite magazines at the gift shop.
Which gate is our flight departing from?
All flights are delayed due to the blizzard.
Tom is at least as smart as you are.
What you said isn't true.
Let me give you a ride to the airport.
You wore that same shirt yesterday.
Tom was very happy that Mary did that.
I'm too drunk to help you do that.
Tom was very sure Mary should do that.
I'm too tired to help you do that.
Tom was wearing the hat Mary gave him.
I won't ever let you do that again.
Tom was worried that he might get fired.
I won't ever permit you to do that.
Tom dressed up as a pirate for Halloween.
I'm hoping you can do that with me.
Tom was wearing a straw hat and sunglasses.
I'm never going to have to do that.
Tom will be working the late shift tonight.
I'm not going to do that right now.
Tom won't likely be home until dinner time.
I'm not the only one that did that.
Do you know when Tom graduated from college?
I'm not the only one who does that.
I'm not the only one that does that.
Do you know when Tom started studying French?
I'm sick, so I can't do that today.
Tom was working as an interpreter last summer.
I'm the only one who has done that.
Tom was very concerned about what might happen.
I'm the person that has to do that.
Tom was worried that something bad might happen.
I'm used to doing that in the dark.
Tom was very sure he had to do that.
We might get injured if we do that.
Tom was very sure Mary had to do that.
I'm just not used to doing that yet.
Tom was well paid for the work he did.
I'm not going to do that right away.
Tom was very sure he needed to do that.
I'm not going to promise to do that.
Do you know when Tom is going to Boston?
I'm not the only one who'll do that.
Tom was very lazy when he was a teenager.
Tom was very sure Mary needed to do that.
I'm not very likely to ever do that.
Tom was very sure Mary wanted to do that.
I'm old enough to do that by myself.
Do you know when Tom and Mary got married?
I'm the only person who can do that.
I wonder why Tom isn't wearing a lab coat.
I'm the person who needs to do that.
Tom was wearing the blue cap you gave him.
I'm very willing to do that for you.
Tom used to be your best friend, didn't he?
I'm not the only one who's done that.
Tom was willing to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I'm not the only person who did that.
Tom was working in his office up until noon.
Do you always go to bed before midnight?
Did you tell Tom about what happened to Mary?
You're not allowed to smoke in this restaurant.
Listen to the radio.
When I was a kid, I used to spend hours listening to the radio.
Nowadays, I only listen to the radio when I'm driving.
I am very cautious.
Would you mind turning the radio off? I'm trying to study.
Would you mind turning off the radio? I'm trying to study.
Mary is anorexic.
There's no relief?
Tom bought a container ship.
Tom beat Mary at miniature golf.
Tom gave some oats to his horse.
Tom sent a dozen roses to Mary on Valentine's Day.
Pick up a gallon of milk on your way home.
Have you forgotten that I'm married?
Is this your first trip to Boston?
Is this your first trip to Australia?
You like music, don't you?
We'll meet Tom tomorrow.
Why isn't Tom sleeping?
We've blown a fuse.
Tom was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth.
Have you met Tom's mother-in-law?
I don't remember how the fight started.
I don't remember how the argument started.
I don't remember how this movie ends.
The Rhine is the longest river in Germany.
May I have a word alone with you?
Are you ever going to ask Mary out?
I hope this isn't too spicy for you.
I hope this curry isn't too hot for you.
Do you allow your children to eat ice cream?
Do you let your children eat ice cream?
Does anyone in your family play the piano?
Please turn off the radio and turn on the TV.
This hat isn't new.
Sami was very happy to do that.
Sami and Farid hated being twins.
Sami and Layla grew up together.
Sami's home was filled with love and laughter.
Sami was taken advantage of.
Sami and Layla played together.
Sami lived in a bedroom community.
Sami was careful not to wake his wife.
Sami is staying with Layla.
Sami slipped out for a cigarette.
Sami moved to a peaceful suburb.
Sami described the suspect.
Sami was spotted by police outside a gas station.
Sami's breath reeked of alcohol.
Sami shot and killed his brother.
Sami noticed that Layla was cold and stiff.
Sami went to check on Layla.
Sami was found in a terrible state.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, dressed identically.
Sami developed his own language. He had his own words for things.
Sami was imitating when he heard.
Sami broke the news of Layla's death to her family.
Sami liked to take things apart. He wanted to be an engineer.
Sami's mother has passed away.
Sami and Layla led identical lives.
Sami and his identical twin, Farid, grew up thinking themselves as one entity.
Sami fell to his knees.
Sami seemed very outgoing.
Sami always had friends.
Sami arrived there.
Sami could barely read or write.
Sami was shaken.
Sami asked permission of Layla.
Sami checked Layla's room.
Sami remembers Layla being very outgoing and intelligent.
Sami and Layla didn't see eye to eye.
Sami would ridicule Layla.
Sami often mocked Layla.
Sami laughed at Layla.
Sami helped Layla out.
Sami couldn't bathe himself.
Sami couldn't feed himself.
Sami and Layla's emotional connection remained unbreakable.
Sami had a hard time walking.
Sami was on a lot of medication.
Sami and Layla seemed to be tethered together.
Sami and Layla seemed to need each other.
Sami was shattered.
Sami allowed Layla to move in.
Sami and Layla became really dependent upon one another.
Sami couldn't bear to leave his girlfriend behind.
Sami married one of Layla's sisters.
Sami always wore his wedding ring.
Sami allowed Layla to move into the basement.
Sami faced a dilemma.
Sami couldn't handle it.
Sami punished Layla for doing that.
Sami was delighted.
Sami moved back upstairs.
Sami found Layla's ring.
Sami and Layla were reunited as a couple at last.
Sami and Layla's relationship became twisted.
Sami fired the gun.
Sami died on a dark night in 2006.
Sami was covered in blood and traumatized.
Sami did need Layla but not as much as Layla needed him.
Sami barked orders at Layla.
Sami knew everyone in the area through the convenience store he ran in the neighborhood.
Sami underwent a minor heart procedure.
Sami obediently obeyed Layla's commands.
Sami cooked for Layla.
Sami can't lift this box.
Sami relished his role in this almost sado-masochistic relationship he had with Layla.
Sami and Farid worked side by side as technicians.
Sami repaired radios.
Sami took care of his mother.
Sami could fix almost anything.
Sami hated that picture.
Sami retreated to his apartment.
Sami loved booze.
Sami drank beer by the case.
Sami emptied his beer can.
Sami was forced to admit he needed help to survive.
Sami got sicker.
Sami was violent and he would easily fly off the handle.
Sami's needs escalated.
Sami called Layla stupid.
Sami never wanted to fight.
Sami and Layla shared a passion for firearms.
Sami wants to remind Layla who is boss.
Sami stopped eating.
Sami simply cowered.
Sami lost some weight.
Sami fled to his mother's house.
Sami suffered anxiety.
Sami could see what was going on.
Sami was powerless to do anything to stop that.
Sami returned home to his wife, Layla.
Sami tried to separate Farid and Layla.
Sami knew that something terrible would happen.
Sami wanted more coffee.
Sami began drinking heavily.
Sami has gotten used to being waited on.
Sami became accustomed to that.
Sami and Layla would argue a lot.
Sami watched a football game.
Sami started belittling Layla.
Sami was very drunk.
Sami and Layla's shouting match quickly escalated into a violent physical altercation.
Sami refused to back down.
Sami heard gunshots.
Sami reacted quickly.
Sami got up from the floor.
Sami and Layla talked about that.
Sami offered Layla a solution.
Sami drew his gun.
Sami and Layla's eyes met.
Sami crossed the line.
Sami likes to complain about everything.
Sami and Layla were locked in a strange and abusive relationship.
Sami berated Layla.
Sami and Layla fought their final battle.
Sami spotted a problem with his finances.
Sami fled the house.
Sami jumped in his car.
Sami's phone rang in the middle of the night.
Sami said he had killed Layla.
Sami knew Layla was troubled.
Sami decided not to press charges.
Sami didn't see that coming.
Sami can't stay there.
Sami was standing outside a gas station.
Sami told police he shot his brother.
Sami was fleeced by his maid.
Sami tried to describe what happened.
Sami was searched, cuffed and taken to the police station.
Sami tried to bring Layla back to life.
Sami tried to give Layla CPR.
Sami arrived at Layla's apartment.
Sami was very determined to do that.
Sami was shocked by what he found inside the apartment.
Sami carefully entered the empty bedroom.
Sami's medications made him feel like a walking zombie.
Sami's medications made him sleep ten hours a day.
Sami found Layla's shotgun.
Sami tied the knot with Layla.
Sami story doesn't ring true.
Sami entered Layla's bedroom armed.
Sami kicked in the door with his shotgun.
Sami's bloody body was examined by a forensic examiner.
Sami owned a shotgun.
Sami put a live round in the chamber of his weapon.
Sami was sitting in bed.
Sami's neighbors were questioned about the shooting.
Sami was arrested and charged with felony murder.
Sami's death couldn't be blamed on no one but Layla.
Sami was armed.
Sami could drive my car any time.
Sami didn't miss.
Sami's attorney faced an uphill battle.
Sami and Layla couldn't pull away from their relationship.
Sami and Layla always ended up coming back together.
Sami was physically and psychologically tortured by an abusive father.
Sami wasn't buying a word of it.
Sami did everything he could to paint Layla in the most negative light possible.
Sami used profanities.
Sami and Layla generously offered to take Farid in.
Sami was all Layla had left.
Sami applied for a reverse mortgage to renovate his house.
Sami was languishing in jail, awaiting his trial.
Sami was pacing his cell.
Sami can't manage this.
Sami agonized daily over killing his brother.
Sami felt terribly guilty.
Sami opened the bedroom door.
Sami was lying in bed.
Sami has long shown signs of fear and paranoia.
Sami came over.
Sami is fired.
Sami recounted to the jury how violently Layla would react when he challenged her.
Sami was embarrassed and humiliated.
Sami forgave Layla for shooting him.
Sami had to take that risk.
Sami enjoyed life.
Sami delivered a shocking revelation.
Sami couldn't escape punishment for the crime.
Sami held his breath.
Sami finally spoke.
Sami always believed that Layla was a ticking timebomb.
Sami too has been abused by his father.
Sami's fate was placed in the jury's hands.
Sami had many jurors lobbying on his behalf.
Sami called Layla and wished her a happy birthday.
Sami seized the moment.
Sami's birthday has passed.
Sami sounded lethargic.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of jail.
Sami's supporters gathered outside the courthouse.
Sami brought Layla to court.
Sami took the life of an innocent man.
Sami was drugged.
Sami pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter.
Sami served six years.
Sami accepted the plea offer.
Sami was released in 2006.
Sami spent a few months in the care of relatives.
Sami walked out the front door.
Sami was blinking.
Sami threw his arms around Layla.
Sami is keeping a low profile.
Sami's bad decision haunted him for the rest of his life.
Sami remained tormented by the killing of his brother.
Sami made a bone-chilling discovery.
Sami immediately called authorities.
Sami tried to revive Layla.
Sami didn't see it coming.
Sami threw the bag away.
Sami grew up with his mother, stepfather, and six sisters.
Sami raised his children in Christianity.
Sami instilled respect for others in his children.
Sami was clearly on the right path.
Sami and Layla helped each other.
Sami studied at high school.
Sami's heart hit the floor.
Sami learned sign language.
Sami's unpaid bills were piling up.
Sami sought a career focused on helping others.
Sami was distraught.
Sami loved Arabic.
Sami's wallet caught Layla's eye.
Sami tried to help Layla.
Sami met Layla through his sister.
Sami knew how to treat a beautiful woman.
Sami was head over heels in love with Layla.
Sami threw up.
Sami wanted to marry Layla.
Sami and Layla's lives were headed in the right direction.
Sami was arrested for cocaine possession.
Sami might have been poisoned.
Sami was prescribed Prozac.
Tom waited on the porch while Mary got ready.
I'm not able to do that on my own.
Tom was wearing a T-shirt and a baseball cap.
I'm going to be too busy to do that.
Tom was wrong to blame Mary for the accident.
I'm not the one that has to do that.
Tom was writing a letter to Mary this morning.
I'm old enough to do that on my own.
Tom was your boyfriend at one time, wasn't he?
I'm the only one who had to do that.
Tom has been working in his office all morning.
I'll try to find some way to do that.
Tom was working in the garden early this morning.
I'm not the one who needs to do that.
Tom was worried that something might happen to him.
Many things have changed since Tom left.
I think that was what Tom was hoping would happen.
Tom was very sure Mary could take care of herself.
Tom said he'd be willing to do whatever it takes.
Tom has been watching TV in his room all evening.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and Mary was, too.
How much do you think I'll have to spend to get my car repaired?
Tom said he'd be willing to sing a few songs.
I had to stay home all day yesterday to take care of my mother.
I think Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I don't have any more room on my shelves for any more books.
Do you know when Tom is supposed to do that?
How much do you think it'll cost me to get my car repaired?
I think Tom would be willing to go with us.
I need to find a place to put all these books.
Tom said he was willing to pay up to $300.
These questions are too difficult for me to answer.
Tom usually watches the news while he's eating dinner.
What's the best way to get over a hangover?
Tom was worried that something might happen to Mary.
How long do you think this money will last?
Tom was wearing what looked like a military uniform.
I'm not the only one who can do that.
Wrap yourself up.
Wrap up warm.
Take shelter.
Tom was waiting for me in front of the station, but I thought he was going to be waiting behind the station.
Tom was very good at playing the guitar before he broke three fingers on his left hand.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned a lot from him very quickly.
Tom was a pretty good French teacher and I learned French very quickly.
Tom was a lifeguard at the swimming pool near my house when I was growing up.
Tom was an elementary school music teacher before he became a studio musician.
Tom was waiting for Mary to leave, so he could get back to reading his book.
Tom wasn't wearing a shirt, so they wouldn't let him into the restaurant.
In high school, Tom was better at playing the trombone than Mary was.
Tom was a better chess player than Mary when they were in high school.
Tom was a bit shorter than Mary when they were in elementary school.
Tom was a bit shorter than I was when we were in junior high school.
Make yourself heard.
Did you understand?
I want to enjoy myself.
I think you should wake Tom up.
It's about time for you to get another haircut.
I hope to have this done by 2:30.
Will you have another cup of coffee?
You can sleep here tonight if you want.
You may use my pencil if you like.
There's no need for you to talk so loud.
I'd rather not say what I think.
I'd rather not eat out tonight.
I'd rather not sing.
I'd rather not give a speech.
Tom got off the bus at the wrong stop.
Something seems to be wrong with my computer.
Repetition is the mother of all learning.
Did you understand what I said?
Did you understand everything that was said at the meeting?
What part of my explanation didn't you understand?
Repetition is the mother of learning, the father of action, which makes it the architect of accomplishment.
They were approaching.
They were coming close.
He was exhausted from his long march.
Soup is eaten with a spoon.
I translated into Esperanto so I could practice the language.
I did a translation into Esperanto so that I could practice the language.
Sami's smile lifted Layla's spirits.
Sami and Layla's conflict led to a brutal ending.
You're going to call your stepmother.
Why do you always look so tired?
He washed an apple.
He rinsed off an apple.
Mary is not a man.
Men are essentially evil, essentially unhappy and essentially stupid.
I still feel bad about lying to Tom.
I still feel bad about lying to her.
Tom put his pencil down.
Tom aced his midterms.
Tom aced his midterm exams.
Tom and Mary went kayaking.
Do you remember the time we went kayaking?
Tom felt nostalgic.
Can you pause the TV for a second?
Can you turn off the TV for a second?
Mary put a note in Tom's lunchbox to tell him how much she loves him.
Tom put a note in Mary's lunchbox.
Tom and Mary went canoeing.
She was the woman of his dreams.
The children played in the mud.
The children played in the mud, much to their parents' dismay.
Mary's husband is my husband's age.
Tom's wife is about my age.
This is one of Tatoeba's most closely guarded secrets.
This is one of Boston's most closely guarded secrets.
You don't have to be so cold.
A slough is a swamp or shallow lake system, usually a backwater to a larger body of water.
In 1865, the Danish geologist and mineralogist Johan Georg Forchhammer, with the help of naval and civilian collaborators, collected numerous samples of seawater from the Northern Atlantic and the Arctic Ocean. He wanted to determine why the salinity of seawater varies in different areas of the ocean.
Forchhammer found that the proportions of the major salts in seawater stay about the same everywhere. This constant ratio is known as Forchhammer's Principle.
Forchhammer put the samples through a detailed series of chemical analyses.
Forchhammer's discovery helped scientists understand that salinity levels in seawater vary due to the addition or removal of fresh water, rather than differing amounts of salt minerals in the water.
A bight is a long, gradual bend or recess in the shoreline that forms a large, open bay.
The Southern California Bight is the curved coastline between Point Conception and San Diego, and encompasses the Channel Islands.
Unlike left and right, "port" and "starboard" refer to fixed locations on a vessel.
A seiche is a standing wave oscillating in a body of water.
If you have observed water sloshing back and forth in a swimming pool, bathtub, or cup of water, you may have witnessed a small-scale seiche.
Lake Erie is known for seiches, especially when strong winds blow from southwest to northeast. In 1844, a 22-foot seiche breached a 14-foot-high sea wall killing people and damming the ice to the extent that Niagara Falls temporarily stopped flowing.
In some of the Great Lakes and other large bodies of water, the time period between the "high" and "low" of a seiche can be as much as four to seven hours. This is very similar to the time period between a high and low tide in the oceans, and is often mistaken as a tide.
The Earth is an irregularly shaped ellipsoid.
While the Earth appears to be round when viewed from the vantage point of space, it is actually closer to an ellipsoid.
Our planet is pudgier at the equator than at the poles by about 70,feet. This is due to the centrifugal force created by the earth’s constant rotation.
The shape of the Earth is always changing.
Geodesy is the science of measuring and monitoring the size and shape of the Earth, including its gravity field, and determining the location of points on the Earth’s surface.
A nautical mile measures distance and a knot measures speed.
A nautical mile is based on the circumference of the earth, and is equal to one minute of latitude.
A nautical mile is equal to 1.statute miles.
A knot is one nautical mile per hour.
"Seaweed" is the common name for countless species of marine plants and algae that grow in the ocean as well as in rivers, lakes, and other water bodies.
Some seaweeds are microscopic, such as the phytoplankton that live suspended in the water column and provide the base for most marine food chains, and some are enormous, like the giant kelp that grow in abundant “forests” and tower like underwater redwoods from their roots at the bottom of the sea.
To date, we have explored less than five percent of the ocean.
Much remains to be learned from exploring the mysteries of the deep.
The ocean is the lifeblood of Earth, covering more than percent of the planet's surface, driving weather, regulating temperature, and ultimately supporting all living organisms.
Throughout history, the ocean has been a vital source of sustenance, transport, commerce, growth, and inspiration.
Ninety-five percent of the world's oceans remain unexplored, unseen by human eyes.
Salt marshes are coastal wetlands that are flooded and drained by salt water brought in by the tides.
Pressure increases with ocean depth.
Pisces V is a three-person submersible that can operate at depths up to 6,feet. This vehicle allows scientists to observe the deep sea under tremendous ocean pressure.
At sea level, the air that surrounds us presses down on our bodies at 14.pounds per square inch. You don't feel it because the fluids in your body are pushing outward with the same force.
The deeper you go under the sea, the greater the pressure of the water pushing down on you. For every feet (meters) you go down, the pressure increases by 14.psi.
Many animals that live in the sea have no trouble at all with high pressure.
Whales can withstand dramatic pressure changes because their bodies are more flexible. Their ribs are bound by loose, bendable cartilage, which allows the rib cage to collapse at pressures that would easily snap our bones.
A whale's lungs can also collapse safely under pressure, which keeps them from rupturing. This allows sperm whales to hunt for giant squid at depths of 7,feet or more.
Why is the ocean salty, but rivers flowing into it are not?
The water in the ocean collects all of the salt and minerals from all of the rivers that flow into it.
Throughout the world, rivers carry an estimated four billion tons of dissolved salts to the ocean annually.
An invasive species is an organism that causes ecological or economic harm in a new environment where it is not native.
Invasive species can harm both the natural resources in an ecosystem as well as threaten human use of these resources.
An invasive species can be introduced to a new area via the ballast water of oceangoing ships, intentional and accidental releases of aquaculture species, aquarium specimens or bait, and other means.
Invasive species are capable of causing extinctions of native plants and animals, reducing biodiversity, competing with native organisms for limited resources, and altering habitats. This can result in huge economic impacts and fundamental disruptions of coastal and Great Lakes ecosystems.
Invasive species are animals or plants from another region of the world that don’t belong in their new environment.
Invasive species can be introduced to an area by ship ballast water, accidental release, and most often, by people.
Invasive species can lead to the extinction of native plants and animals, destroy biodiversity, and permanently alter habitats.
An eddy is a circular current of water.
The swirling motion of eddies in the ocean cause nutrients that are normally found in colder, deeper waters to come to the surface.
The ocean is a huge body of water that is constantly in motion.
You may have seen an eddy if you've ever gone canoeing and you see a small whirlpool of water while you paddle through the water.
The great ocean conveyor moves water around the globe.
Cold, salty water is dense and sinks to the bottom of the ocean while warm water is less dense and remains on the surface.
Cold water has a higher density than warm water.
Water gets colder with depth because cold, salty ocean water sinks to the bottom of the ocean basins below the less dense warmer water near the surface.
While we often think of the earth as a sphere, our planet is actually very bumpy and irregular.
Bathymetry is the study of the "beds" or "floors" of water bodies, including the ocean, rivers, streams, and lakes.
Drinking seawater can be deadly to humans.
Seawater contains salt.
Sami was facing murder charges.
Sami and Layla were communicating through letters.
Sami sent Layla a lot of letters.
Sami was charged with the murder of his roommate.
Sami and Layla were forbidden to communicated.
Sami and Layla were supporting one another.
Sami apologized to Layla.
Sami killed his two roommates.
Sami changed his tune.
Sami discovered the bodies.
Sami brought forward more damning evidence against Layla.
Sami had expensive cars.
Sami warned Layla.
Sami never found his missing wife.
Sami received an invitation.
Sami named the baby Layla.
Sami was running his gym from Egypt.
Sami's testimony was powerful.
Sami is a convicted child rapist.
Sami spent some time in a county jail.
Sami's journal named several suspects.
Sami named several suspects in his journal.
Sami murdered his pregnant fiancee.
Sami owned a very expensive home.
Sami didn't have anything to do with Layla's death.
Sami mistreated many women.
Sami doesn't doubt that.
Sami's company made plastic bags.
Sami had an expensive taste in clothing.
Sami didn't challenge that.
Sami lived a glittering life.
Sami abused Layla physically.
Sami never hit Layla.
Sami never raped Layla.
Sami liked to drink.
Sami refused to take the stand.
Sami never accused Layla of a crime.
Sami and Layla adopted a son.
Sami hired a private investigator to follow Layla.
It's in the microwave.
Sami liked to go out alone.
Sami didn't want that baby.
Sami battled lung cancer.
Sami wanted his diamond ring back.
Sami wished Layla would die.
Sami suffered a decade of abuse and humiliation from Layla.
Sami was tired of what was going on.
Sami's alibi wasn't airtight.
Sami lives alone.
Sami went to bed early that night.
Sami returned from a shopping trip.
Sami never wanted a divorce.
Sami offered police an electronic alibi. He was chatting on Facebook all night.
Sami was at home all night.
Sami went after Layla with a bat.
Sami was playing a game on Playstation.
Sami lied about that.
Sami was there that night and murdered Layla.
Sami's defense proclaimed his innocence.
Sami was at his house with his baby son.
Sami and Layla were texting all night.
Sami stopped texting Layla.
Sami followed his instincts.
Sami has been dead for six years.
Sami was referring to Layla.
Sami was supposed to be working at the power plant.
Sami didn't have time to take the groceries out of the trunk.
Sami was purchasing bisexual paraphernalia.
Sami had the proof of his allegations.
Sami was about to win the custody case.
Sami killed Layla because she was about to win the custody case.
Come in, please.
Sami denied he murdered Layla.
Sami told his attorney.
Sami told his attorney what was going on.
It's nice to see you after all these years.
Sami's lawyer was not surprised when the jury found him not guilty.
Our lives have been like movies.
Sami's defense strategy worked.
Sami did it.
Mary is writing again.
Sami had motive.
I've started keeping a journal.
Sami needed to stop that.
Sami's diary was his message from the grave.
Sami was desperate.
Sami's lawyer saved his harshest criticism for police.
Sami could have done that crime.
Bruno and Sami are the very best of friends.
Sami allowed the cops to search his house.
Sami has full custody of his son Farid.
Sami lives under a cloud of suspicion.
Sami saw jewelry in Layla's purse.
Sami is an idiot.
Sami is in Egypt where he is trying to live a new life.
Sami emptied his safety deposit box the day Layla was killed.
Sami is in the middle of a lawsuit.
Sami went to a local supermarket.
Sami drove a Rolls Royce.
Sami had a beautiful wife and a little boy.
Sami was evicted.
Sami bought trash bags.
Sami was extradited to Canada.
Sami painted a very different picture of Layla and Farid's marriage.
Sami revealed the dark side of Layla.
Sami told Layla she was worthless.
Sami lives in a small Canadian town.
Sami made Layla clean up the mess with her hair.
Sami's neighbors were horrified.
I am watching these two snails.
Sami wanted to dance.
Sami wanted more attention from Layla.
Get my magnifying glass.
Sami has met somebody nice.
Sami founded a cult.
Sami left Farid's cult.
Sami came to the bar.
Did you visit any museums?
Sami tried to take everything.
How is your foot healing?
Sami remained in the cult.
Sami was determined to keep his children.
I'm getting a blister.
This is hard work.
Sami didn't want to give up his wealth.
Sami brought his children home.
Sami never heard of that cult.
Sami invoked the name of Jesus.
It popped out of the joint.
Sami and Layla were involved in a custody battle.
The pleasure will mine.
Tom opened a pizzeria.
That's pretty good pizza.
How about some pizza?
I need to visit the cash machine.
There's a place down the road that's pretty good.
We need more water.
Tom spilled the beans.
It's been paid in full.
Sami realized Layla was dead.
Do we tip here?
Sami tried to burn Layla's body.
Sami is years old.
Should I tip?
Sami's life was in shambles.
Sami wasn't certain.
I left a large tip.
Sami tried to lift Layla's body but he couldn't.
Sami's body lied decaying in the garage.
These are used.
Sami read the paper.
Sami made a phone call to the police.
I'm not paying good money for distressed clothes.
Sami was living in Cairo, Egypt, with his father.
Sami desperately wanted his kids back.
Sami was a member of the cult for years.
What happened to my new cap?
Sami abandoned the cult.
Sami started a cult in Egypt.
They may be in trouble.
Tom and Mary may be in trouble.
Sami is an ex-member of the cult.
Sami was a hippy.
Someone just ran out with the tip jar.
Sami's cult continues to operate.
Sami kept his whereabouts a secret.
Sami craved love.
Sami practises what he preaches.
Sami explained the term.
So now he's a junior detective?
Sami's wallet was sitting on the back seat.
Sami called that prostitution.
Sami justified that.
It cost more to ship it than it is worth.
Sami didn't say that to Layla.
Sami was bawling.
Sami was a member of Farid's cult.
Sami and Layla were able to have children.
Sami likes to be in total control.
Sami had a book which showed photos of children in suggestive poses.
I'm craving fruit.
Sami married a smart successful businesswoman.
Sami purchased a waterfront mansion.
Sami has had an incestuous relationship with his daughter.
What happened two pages ago?
Sami approached his daughter for sex.
Sami left the cult.
Sami thought he was smarter than everybody else.
Sami was the leader of a cult.
Sami oozed love for Layla.
Sami left Cairo where he has been living with his wife and children.
Sami wanted to die.
Sami was preparing for a busy day.
Sami lives halfway around the world, in Cairo.
Sami left early that day.
Sami will see Layla at the office at am.
Sami performed on the streets to bring in new converts.
Sami reported Layla missing to police.
Sami lived in a refugee camp.
Sami turned on the television.
Sami was looking for his children.
Sami was determined to try.
Sami hired a private investigator.
Sami was looking good.
Sami was ready to move on.
Sami created a new life for himself.
Sami joined a Baptist church in Ontario.
Sami inspected Layla's car.
Sami was granted temporary custody of his children.
Sami, Layla, and Farid are all in Egypt.
Sami's confidence was shattered.
Sami searched for his children in Egypt but in vain.
Flattery won't get you anything.
Sami may have been kidnapped.
Flattery won't get you anywhere.
Sami Bakir is the children's father.
Sami is our only hope.
Sami put his car in the garage.
Sami agreed to help as long as his identity was protected.
Sami and Layla met for a last minute planning session.
Sami recovered his children.
Sami was never located again.
Mary was perplexed by Tom's odd behavior.
Sami needed to think about it.
Sami was faced with a decision no parent would like to make.
Tom was perplexed by Mary's odd behavior.
Sami wanted to be successful.
Sami lost his children for ever.
Sami is very nervous.
Sami had nothing to do with the murder of this woman.
The flames licked at the logs.
Sami vanished.
Sami is inside the office with the officials.
Sami returned to the immigration office.
Sami came and went.
I wanted everything to be perfect.
Sami kept his eyes riveted to the entrance of the building.
Sami appeared without the children.
Sami, Farid, and Layla split the stolen cash between themselves.
Sami told police where Layla exactly lived.
Sami's story checked out.
Sami dumped Layla's car in the woods.
Sami took Layla to the embassy.
Sami's car was found abandoned in the desert.
Sami left Layla's car there.
Sami was winning the game.
Sami waited in the van for what seemed to be an eternity.
Sami turned the light off.
Sami drove away, believing that Layla was safe.
Sami had no idea what was happening.
Sami called that number.
Sami never canceled anything.
Sami always called.
Sami returned with big news.
Sami and Layla decided to spend some quality time alone.
Sami arrived at the hotel.
Sami approached his children.
Sami didn't want to go.
Sami's sheets didn't fit his bed.
Sami never changed his sheets.
Sami considers Layla an enemy because she left his cult.
Sami was abducted.
I enjoyed getting to know him.
I enjoyed getting to know her.
Sami broke into Layla's house.
Sami deceived Layla.
Sami has legal custody.
Sami hid there for the night.
Sami began making arrangements to get out of the country as soon as possible.
Sami rekindled the ties with his children.
Sami has to go to Egypt.
Sami wants to stay in Egypt.
Sami was repeating that over and over.
Sami was outside the room.
Sami talked about how much he loved Layla.
Sami would never win an Academy Award for that stupid performance.
Sami is gonna win.
Sami was hitting on a female reporter.
Sami was on the other side of the world, preparing for Layla's arrival.
Sami had a new home in Cairo.
Sami has been separated from his mother for weeks.
Sami was getting oral sex from his secretary.
Sami offered to pay a reporter to have sex with him.
Sami was glued to the window, waiting for his mother to appear.
Sami was flabbergasted.
Sami thought he lost his kids for ever.
Sami seemed to be enjoying all the fuss and the festivities.
Sami walked into the bitter cold.
Sami visited the Bakir family.
Sami fought frequently with his mother.
Sami refused to go to school.
Sami was devoted to the cult.
Sami knew all about the cult's practices.
Sami took care of the children.
Sami became extremely agitated.
Sami just kissed Layla.
Sami dug deeper into Layla's life.
Sami visited Layla again.
Sami and Layla found out that they couldn't have children.
Sami was just fed up of this woman.
Sami has made some adjustments.
Sami was planning to divorce Layla.
Sami wanted to get rid of Layla without a divorce.
Sami started school in March and he completed the year.
Sami continued to believe in the teachings of Farid Bakir and his cult.
Sami feels good these days.
Sami has overcome that.
Sami was born into this Satanic cult.
Sami is a car wash cleaner.
Sami works at a local car wash.
Sami took a pillow off the bed.
Sami made friends easily.
Sami came to Cairo to escape his past.
Sami wanted to go to a big city and be rich and famous.
Sami met many women like Layla.
Sami got rid of Layla's body.
Sami is a Wall Street guy.
Sami's net worth was in the multi-millions.
Sami thought he would get away with this.
Sami wanted stability.
Sami had a house in Cairo.
Sami's way of dealing with things was violent.
Sami married Layla in 1976.
Sami was very shocked.
Sami worked for years in law enforcement.
Sami was sentenced sixteen years to life.
Sami wanted to become a top writer.
Sami had a history of hurting women.
Sami and Layla began seeing a marriage counselor.
Sami had a secret apartment.
Sami was cross-dressing.
Sami was desperate to flee his abusive family.
Sami was a cross-dresser.
Sami was shot with one shot to the base of the skull.
Sami had a dildo.
Sami was a very bizarre individual.
Sami liked to videotape himself.
Sami pushed for a divorce.
Sami died of bone cancer.
Sami's peaceful life came to an unthinkable end.
Sami fired a round that went through the screen door.
Sami stared death in the face.
Sami was shot again.
Sami was stabbed six times in the neck.
Sami couldn't believe what was happening.
Sami heard a huge explosion.
Sami was brought in for a handwriting test.
Sami promised Layla the night of her life.
Sami grew up in North Carolina high society.
Sami and Layla had a perfect first date.
Sami and Layla too drank.
Sami looked away from Layla.
Sami came from a well-to-do family.
Sami fell down directly to the floor.
Sami and Layla's marriage produced six boys.
Sami was the one deejaying.
Sami was my whole world.
Sami saw that town as the perfect place to set up his dental practice.
Sami and I moved in together six days ago.
Sami and Layla drifted apart.
Sami looked out the window and saw two black males running.
Sami returned home to Egypt.
Sami wore a red jacket.
Sami is one of the apartment residents.
Sami was involved in a deadly gang dispute.
Sami quickly put two and two together.
Sami is never gonna see sixteen.
Sami would take the shirt off his back for you.
Sami's thoughts became fixated on one imagined enemy: his mother-in-law.
Sami wanted to be a Crip member.
Sami arrived.
Sami is on his way to work.
Sami has already killed himself.
Sami is in a bar.
Sami was going to kill himself.
Sami notified a friend who notified the cops.
Sami didn't expect to see that.
Sami ended his own life.
Sami didn't mean to do it.
Sami lived there for six weeks.
Sami was executed.
Sami picked up the used shell casings.
Sami helped Layla pay her rent.
Sami didn't witness the crime.
Sami has had a lot of runnings with the law.
Sami didn't even have a car.
Violence is never the answer.
Sami didn't have a place to live.
Sami thought the cops were going to bust him.
Sami is going to jail for a long time.
Sami didn't fully understand the ramifications of his actions.
We should be getting close.
Sami paid his drug supplier.
Sami was masquerading as a physician.
Mary's eyes were brimming with tears.
Sami was obsessed with copying his father, a successful businessman.
Sami was trying to help.
Tom's eyes were brimming with tears.
Sami paid his drug supplier back.
Sami will testify on Layla's behalf.
Sami would do anything he could do to smooth over the situation.
Sami sent the bank a nasty letter.
Sami sued his bank.
Sami needed to lay low.
Sami has set a deadly storm in motion.
Sami stopped at a red light.
Sami had a temper.
Sami jumped out of the car and ran into the night, never to be seen again.
Sami wanted to take Layla somewhere.
Sami took Layla to a friend's house.
Sami's mansion became a house of horrors.
Sami's ring finger has been cut.
Sami took what I told him to heart.
Sami told me he was in a lot of trouble.
Sami didn't feel sorry for Layla.
Sami accepted Layla as a guest.
Sami was abusive to Layla verbally and physically.
Sami collected the shell casings.
Sami put the picture in his breast pocket.
Sami needed to protect himself.
Sami got back and saw Layla was there.
Sami and Layla got into a big fight.
Sami said it was a justified homicide.
Sami's killer cleaned up the shell casings.
Sami always wondered about that.
Sami left the mosque.
Sami feared for his kids.
Sami has been baptized.
Sami drove over to Layla's house.
Sami and Layla started a family soon afterward.
Some things don't change.
Sami shared a bed with Layla.
Sami became fixated on Layla with hate.
Sami told police a complete fake story.
Sami acted like this.
Sami pinned all the blame on Layla.
Sami hates customers who act like this.
While humans can safely ingest small amounts of salt, the salt content in seawater is much higher than what can be processed by the human body.
Sami was money-hungry mechanic.
Too much sodium can be deadly.
Sami and Layla didn't do anything.
Human kidneys can only make urine that is less salty than salt water. Therefore, to get rid of all the excess salt taken in by drinking seawater, you have to urinate more water than you drank. Eventually, you die of dehydration even as you become thirstier.
Sami was abusive.
Oceanographers study the ocean.
Sami drove off with Layla.
Sami is our chef.
Sami knows all and sees all.
Sami started firing at us.
Sami made a true confession.
Sami was at the repair shop.
Sami is not guilty of murder. He's instead guilty of manslaughter.
Sami thought it was you.
Sami was a double-amputee.
Jim detonated his explosive belt.
Sami was already a wolrdwide celebrity.
Sami met Layla outside Cairo.
Sami and Layla had a great time together.
Sami was very respectful.
Sami was a sports hero.
Sami has been poisoned with cyanide.
Sami offered Layla advice and support.
Sami saw what Layla wanted him to see.
Sami was a different person.
Sami had a dark side his adoring fans didn't see.
Sami heard Layla yelling through the phone.
Sami's foul language shocked Layla.
Sami would shout at Layla for not taking her play to the kitchen.
Sami had a love for danger and a need for speed.
Sami would drive fast all the time.
Sami sometimes exploded with fits of anger.
Sami shouted at Layla.
Sami drove the car at miles an hour.
Sami brought Layla back here to Cairo.
Sami wanted to bury Layla in Cairo.
Sami did that a couple of times.
Sami had a passion for guns.
Sami always carried his guns with him.
The universal library contains every book ever written.
Sami fired his gun.
Sami came over quickly.
Sami phoned the police.
Sami shot at Layla and missed.
Sami had a gun in his car.
Sami detailed his relationship with Layla.
Sami was deeply unstable.
Sami was an emotional wreck.
The global ocean conveyor belt is a constantly moving system of deep-ocean circulation driven by temperature and salinity.
Sami proudly held his country's flag at the Olympics.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt.
Sami was cheating on Layla.
Sami was very involved in church affairs.
There is constant motion in the ocean in the form of a global ocean conveyor belt. This motion is caused by a combination of thermohaline currents in the deep ocean and wind-driven currents on the surface.
Sami said Layla was cheating on him.
Sami was haunted by that.
Sami wrote a lot about his dark thoughts.
Sami and Layla have not officially broken up.
Ocean water freezes at a lower temperature than freshwater.
Sami wanted a son to inherit his name and fortune.
Ocean water freezes just like freshwater, but at lower temperatures.
Sami's girlfriend was very sexy.
At least percent of the ocean is covered by sea ice some part of the year.
Sami was watching it.
Fresh water freezes at degrees Fahrenheit but seawater freezes at about 28.degrees Fahrenheit, because of the salt in it.
Sami's marriage lasted about six years.
When seawater freezes, the ice contains very little salt because only the water part freezes. It can be melted down to use as drinking water.
Sami and his mother did not get on.
Sami's daughter conceived before marriage.
Sami said he never cheated on Layla.
Sami and Layla shared a room.
Sami and Layla shared the same room.
A rip current is a powerful, channeled current.
Rip currents are powerful, narrow channels of fast-moving water that are prevalent along the East, Gulf, and West coasts of the U.S., as well as along the shores of the Great Lakes.
Sami liked to provoke his stepfather by saying outrageous things.
Moving at speeds of up to eight feet per second, rip currents can move faster than an Olympic swimmer.
Panicked swimmers often try to counter a rip current by swimming straight back to shore—putting themselves at risk of drowning because of fatigue.
Sami didn't see Layla walk into the bathroom.
Lifeguards rescue tens of thousands of people from rip currents in the U.S. every year.
It is estimated that people are killed by rip currents annually.
Sami has been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
If caught in a rip current, don't fight it! Swim parallel to the shore and swim back to land at an angle.
Sami's mental illness cut his modeling career short.
Sami discussed that with Layla.
A tsunami is a series of waves caused by earthquakes or undersea volcanic eruptions.
Sami didn't really make physical contact with Layla.
Sami shot Layla unintentionally.
On Nov. 18, 1929, a magnitude 7.Mw earthquake occurred miles south of Newfoundland along the southern edge of the Grand Banks, Canada.
Tsunamis are giant waves caused by earthquakes or volcanic eruptions under the sea.
Out in the depths of the ocean, tsunami waves do not dramatically increase in height. But as the waves travel inland, they build up to higher and higher heights as the depth of the ocean decreases.
Tsunami waves may travel as fast as jet planes over deep waters, only slowing down when reaching shallow waters.
In terms of geography, a sea is part of the ocean partially enclosed by land
The Seven Seas include the Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Pacific, South Pacific, Indian, and Southern Oceans.
The exact origin of the phrase 'Seven Seas' is uncertain, although there are references in ancient literature that date back thousands of years.
The origins of the phrase 'Seven Seas' can be traced to ancient times.
In Greek literature, the Seven Seas were the Aegean, Adriatic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Caspian seas, and the Persian Gulf.
In Medieval European literature, the Seven Seas referred to the North Sea, Baltic, Atlantic, Mediterranean, Black, Red, and Arabian seas.
After Europeans discovered North America, the concept of the Seven Seas changed again. Mariners then referred to the Seven Seas as the Arctic, the Atlantic, the Indian, the Pacific, the Mediterranean, the Caribbean, and the Gulf of Mexico.
Tides are caused by gravitational pull of the moon and the sun.
Sami was a chapter in my life and that chapter is closed.
Tides are one of the most reliable phenomena in the world. As the sun rises in the east and the stars come out at night, we are confident that the ocean waters will regularly rise and fall along our shores.
The ocean formed billions of years ago.
Sami left his car at a repair shot.
Sami doesn't want to miss this.
Sami took Layla for a ride.
Sami lied dead in his bed.
Sami caught Layla right in the act.
Sami fixed the problem.
Sami can fix any problem under the hood.
Sami was willing to take advantage of his customers by doing unnecessary repairs.
After the Earth's surface had cooled to a temperature below the boiling point of water, rain began to fall—and continued to fall for centuries. As the water drained into the great hollows in the Earth's surface, the primeval ocean came into existence.
Sami turned the gun on himself.
Sami's demons have taken over.
Sami has been fixing cars for more than years.
While there is only one global ocean, the vast body of water that covers percent of the Earth is geographically divided into distinct named regions. The boundaries between these regions have evolved over time for a variety of historical, cultural, geographical, and scientific reasons.
Sami agreed to tell Al-Jazeera about the dirty little secrets of his trade.
The distance that sound travels in the ocean varies greatly, depending primarily upon water temperature and pressure.
Sami was allowed to cremate his wife.
Why is the ocean blue?
Sami could do it in thirty minutes.
The ocean is blue because water absorbs colors in the red part of the light spectrum. Like a filter, this leaves behind colors in the blue part of the light spectrum for us to see.
Sami could do it in less time.
About percent of Earth's water is in the ocean.
Sami has to do it himself.
Sami was very troubled.
Sami needs a job.
Sami checked the engine.
Sami was afraid of that.
Sami had an SUV.
Sami's SUV is in perfect working order.
Sami didn't even bother charging Layla for his time.
Sami is a technician.
Sami cleaned Layla's engine.
Sami told us he was shocked.
Sami gave cops incomplete and inaccurate information.
Sami called his mechanic.
Sami conducted his own search for Layla.
Sami fixed the engine seconds after opening the hood.
Sami stripped Layla's wallet of more than bucks.
Sami suggested a less expensive fix.
Sami didn't know how to operate that gun.
Sami fixed Layla's car for the bargain price of dollars.
Sami didn't know how to use a gun.
Sami showed Layla his work.
Sami checked his hidden cameras.
Sami's theory was questioned.
Sami didn't even touch the engine.
Sami never ever touched the engine.
Sami wanted to get some answers.
Sami actually didn't do anything.
Sami never actually fixed the car.
Sami liked the good life.
Light may be detected as far as 1,meters down in the ocean, but there is rarely any significant light beyond meters.
The ocean is divided into three zones based on depth and light level. The upper meters of the ocean is called the euphotic, or "sunlight," zone. This zone contains the vast majority of commercial fisheries and is home to many protected marine mammals and sea turtles.
Sami developed loathing for his family.
Sami did the actual work.
Sami plugged the wire back in.
Sami considered various plans to murder Layla.
Sami hated mechanics.
The aphotic, or “midnight,” zone exists in depths below 1,meters. Sunlight does not penetrate to these depths and the zone is bathed in darkness.
Sami doesn't know very much about cars.
The ocean covers more than percent of the surface of our planet.
Less than one percent of all the water on Earth is fresh.
Sonar uses sound waves to 'see' in the water.
Sami had a lot of problems.
Sami faced trial for six counts of murder.
Sami wanted to shower.
She's probably just waiting for you to apologize.
Sami took advantage of Layla.
Sami found that amazing.
Sami was determined to kill.
Sami will see the results in just a few months.
Sami put up a fantastic struggle to protect his family.
Sami made the whole thing up.
Sami was a vicious malicious salesman.
Sami showed us some tricks of his trade.
Sami was fixing an escalator.
Sami gave Layla some fancy products to sell.
Sami returned to the crime scene.
Sami knows all the sales tactics.
Sami likes to flatter his customers.
Can you tell me how to get there?
Sami committed suicide.
Sami stopped to check.
Sami liked to turn passers-by into temporary friends.
Sami recommended that.
Sami started to live the life of luxury he desired.
Sami actually uses this.
Sami described Layla as evil almost beyond belief.
Sami told cops a complete fake story.
Sami claimed that the product was foreign.
Sami put the bottle in Layla's hand.
Sami tried a few samples, but he didn't buy.
Sami has been locked up for years.
Sami spent an hour with a customer and he didn't buy anything.
Sami hates customers like these.
Sami waited there.
Sami is so lucky.
Sami paid that dollars.
Sami sent an MP a letter declaring his innocence.
Sami and Farid are identical twins.
Sami's wife is Asian.
Sami thought Layla's sons had been fathered by the devil.
Sami didn't test this product.
Sami doesn't know what he's doing.
Sami claimed Layla's farm to himself.
Sami wanted to kill his boss.
Sami is a coffee maker.
Sami is a drug dealer.
Sami is a junky.
Sonar is short for Sound Navigation and Ranging.
Sami made a powerful plea at his innocence.
Sami came to get his fix.
Sami created this video.
Sami watched the musical Les Miserables.
Sami was convinced that Layla was the killer.
There are two types of sonar—active and passive.
Sami didn't have the physical strength to overcome Farid.
Sami and Layla call themselves the "Punks."
Sami didn't know what he was doing.
Sami will get fired.
Sami stole Layla's purse.
Sami never stopped claiming his innocence.
Sami is out in the open.
Sami spat in the soup.
Sami charged a drunk customer three times.
She fell madly in love with him.
Sami ordered coffee.
He fell madly in love with her.
Sami is a coffee chef.
Sami is my pride and joy.
Sami drinks coffee every day.
Sami is confident.
Sami ordered an expensive coffee.
Sami is a connoisseur.
Sami persuaded lots of people that he was innocent.
Sami would kill to protect his property.
Sami tasted the coffee.
Active sonar transducers emit an acoustic signal or pulse of sound into the water. If an object is in the path of the sound pulse, the sound bounces off the object and returns an “echo” to the sonar transducer.
Sami trusted Layla. Why wouldn't he?
Sami thought he was going to die.
Sami is getting fleeced and used.
They became very good friends.
Sami continues to do that.
Sami made the coffee.
By determining the time between the emission of the sound pulse and its reception, the sonar transducer can determine the range and orientation of the object.
Sami gave Layla a good tip.
Passive sonar systems are used primarily to detect noise from marine objects (such as submarines or ships) and marine animals like whales.
Sami will remember Layla.
Unlike active sonar, passive sonar does not emit its own signal, which is an advantage for military vessels that do not want to be found or for scientific missions that concentrate on quietly “listening” to the ocean.
Sami was accustomed to getting his own way.
Sami liked Layla.
Sami rewarded Layla.
Sami lived in a mansion.
Sami purchased a mansion.
Sami mistreated Layla.
Sami watched Layla's every move.
The average ocean depth is 2.miles.
Sami is a rich man.
Sami was walking around and gasping.
Sami and Layla seemed a perfect pair.
The deepest part of the ocean is called the Challenger Deep and is located beneath the western Pacific Ocean in the southern end of the Mariana Trench.
Challenger Deep is approximately 36,feet deep. It is named after the HMS Challenger, whose crew first sounded the depths of the trench in 1875.
Sami and Layla lived in a mansion.
Sami was toppled off the political pedestal.
Sami lost everything.
Sami Bakir was sworn in in 2006.
Sami had a new resume.
Sami's favorite mount was a mare named Layla.
Sami wrote a new resume.
Sami became verbally abusive to the staff.
Sami swore at the staff.
Sami had to go through hard time.
Sami called his restaurant and ordered some food.
Sami was a state employee.
Sami came up with an alternate plan.
Sami took back what we owed him in food.
Sami borrowed from his company.
Sami had parties every day.
Sami was more interested in gambling.
Sami borrowed from his company all the time.
Sami was playing the tuba.
Sami showed up with increasing frequency.
Sami was the CEO of the company.
Sami was there for a reason.
Sami is treated very well.
Something improper was going on.
Sami gave Layla a check.
Sami will pay for it.
Sami paid for the wedding of Layla.
Sami received the check from Layla.
Sami was accused of embezzlement.
Sami has just lost his home.
Sami counted on Layla to explain that to the cops.
Sami felt the heat and chose not to come to Layla's defense.
Sami fought back.
Sami got a sixteen thousand dollar check from Layla.
Tom is a sleazebag.
Sami's house collapsed.
Sami faced sixteen felony charges.
Sami faced a maximum of six hundred years behind bars.
Sami got lost in the desert.
Sami spent about sixty thousand dollars on that garden.
Sami was the sole survivor of a terrifying plane crash.
Sami suffered what's referred to as an internal decapitation. In other words, his skull was severed from his spine.
Sami should have died instantly.
Sami's ship sank in a storm.
Sami's raft drifted for six weeks.
Sami asked Layla to become a film consultant.
Sami went surfing in Hawaii.
Sami swam back to shore.
Sami got out of the water.
He's a great guy.
Sami saw the documentary.
Sami already knows Layla's story.
Sami disappeared from view.
Sami was forced to cut the rope, sending Layla down to her death.
Sami recommended Layla to see that documentary.
Sami built an ice cave to escape the blizzard.
Sami's leg had to be amputated.
Sami is the first double-amputee to climb this mountain.
Sami's plane crashed.
Sami hid in a dense thicket.
Sami's body was exhumed for another autopsy.
I'm going to make coffee.
Sami followed the water downstream.
Sami ordered Layla's body be dug up so that he could get her diamond ring back.
Sami continued his studies to become a zoologist.
Sami was working on a particle accelerator.
Sami's defense team scoured law books to find a path to justice.
Sami looked inside the chamber.
Sami saw the flash.
Sami thought his conflict with Layla would be settled at the courtroom.
Sami still has occasional seizures.
Sami fell to his death.
Sami's skin began to peel off.
Sami can't hear out of his left ear.
Sami was accused of an unusual crime.
Sami fell storeys.
Sami could still walk despite damage to his spinal cord.
Sami lived days in the jungle.
Sami and Layla had already separated.
Sami lived in a makeshift shelter.
Sami weighed kilos.
Sami spent days in the cave with little food or water.
Sami didn't know what Layla's needle contained.
Sami's grandfather was captured during the Mexican Revolution.
Sami injected Layla with poison.
Sami prepared delicious pastries.
Sami survived a barrage of bullets.
Sami's body was sliced clean in half by a train.
Sami woke up after a six-week coma.
Sami should not have survived.
Sami was sailing the South Pacific.
Sami's ship capsized.
Sami was knocked unconscious.
Tom looks suspiciously happy today.
Sami ended up in Tahiti.
Mary looks suspiciously happy today.
Sami walked free.
Sami was working as a river guide.
Sami was trying to save a colleague.
Sami was attacked by a hippo.
Sami lost his way in the desert.
Sami flew to Cairo from Toronto.
Sami ran out of food or water.
Sami slit his own wrists.
Sami was taken to an Egyptian hospital.
Sami publishes new videos every day.
Sami is not going to survive this.
Sami was trying to catch a wave.
"What happened last night?" "Nothing."
Tom couldn't hide his smile.
Mary couldn't hide her smile.
Sami's leg was severed completely off.
Sami talked Layla into killing Farid.
Sami heard about that.
Sami's killer was hired by Layla.
Sami had no bad blood with Layla.
Sami was convicted of conspiracy to murder.
Sami had stroke-like symptoms.
Sami didn't want anyone to harm Layla.
Sami stepped on something squishy.
Sami was struggling to save himself.
Sami tried to distract the snake.
Sami was spotted by a police officer near a gas station.
Sami pulled his own gun.
Sami escaped soon after.
Sami passed a polygraph test.
Sami arranged to have Layla killed.
Sami was taking a morning surf.
Sami was able to bring Layla to safety.
Sami can't prove it.
Sami never condoned what Layla did.
Sami beat Layla.
Sami felt that knife right up against his neck.
Sami quit surfing after the incident.
Sami was back on his board six weeks later.
Sami was deer hunting in Alaska.
Sami stabbed the bear in the neck.
Sami knocked the sheep unconscious.
Sami shot the bear dead.
Sami was attacked by a cougar.
Sami tried to scare the cougar away.
Sami was torn to shreds by a cougar.
Sami was traveling around a national park in Kenya.
Sami lost energy.
Sami suddenly went blind and deaf.
Sami suffered excessive loss.
Sami lost his left arm.
Sami shot the bear.
Sami stumbled a grizzly bear and her two cubs.
Sami believed Layla was dying.
Sami began a hundred miles journey to the nearest settlement.
Sami is an expert in the field of taxidermy.
Sami shot a leopard with a rifle.
Sami killed a leopard.
Sami and Layla's children fought like cats and dogs.
Sami and Layla had a dysfunctional relationship.
Sami helped organize a motorcycle group.
Sami pronounced his first name "Shami."
Sami loved his daughter.
Sami had a relationship that resulted in a child.
Sami has broken that commitment.
Sami made a commitment and he broke it.
Sami had a very important position.
Sami was a quality control specialist.
Sami was a divorced single parent.
Sami formed his own team.
Sami is over sixty.
Sami traveled alone.
Sami trained Layla's poneys.
Sami got off work rather late at night.
Sami worked at a convenience store.
Sami fell for one of those co-eds.
Sami is just a neighbor.
Sami has been at work all evening.
Sami was there for six days.
Sami assumed Layla was the daughter of a wealthy man.
Sami has never been able to describe his attacker.
Sami begged for mercy.
Sami was a family man.
Sami was moving to this area from Cairo.
Sami decided that he would be his own lawyer.
Sami should not mix business with pleasure.
Sami began his shift at pm.
Sami returned to the Walmart.
Sami was leaving the parking lot.
Sami handed over all the tapes.
Sami earned quite a bit of money.
Sami was in his Walmart uniform.
Sami was walking towards his truck.
Sami shared his privileges with a charming young woman from Egypt, his wife Layla.
Sami got in his car but he didn't drive off.
Sami walked back towards the store.
Sami was without his uniform.
Sami purchased a few groceries.
Sami was spotted leaving the store for the second time.
Sami didn't just attract Layla. He attracted other women as well.
Sami was carrying a gym bag.
Sami's innocence remained in doubt.
Sami learned all about Layla's abduction.
Sami crossed that line.
Sami was in a downward spiral.
Sami scheduled another meeting with the police chief.
Sami maintains he's innocent.
Sami lived a charmed life.
Sami was a prominent plastic surgeon.
Sami was the apple of his mother's eye.
Sami and Layla were a perfect match building a fairy tale life.
Sami was over the moon.
Sami was addicted to drugs and facing divorce.
Sami told Layla to remove her belongings from his house.
Sami's body had no outward sign of visible trauma.
Sami's death was investigated as a homicide.
Sami glared at Layla.
Sami grabbed Layla by the throat.
Sami was a prominent Cairo plastic surgeon.
Sami was super-intelligent.
Sami kept the gun there for his protection.
Sami thought about following in Dad's footsteps at medical school.
Sami and Layla made a good couple.
Sami really grew to love Layla.
Sami showed police slices on his forearms.
Sami was there.
Humans have very large brains.
Hydrography is the science that measures and describes the physical features of bodies of water.
In 1807, President Thomas Jefferson signed a mandate ordering a survey of nation's coast.
Tom and Mary are Homo Sapiens.
Tom is a Homo Sapiens.
Lions are magnificent creatures.
Tom smirked.
Mary smirked.
Sami and Layla started dating nearly years ago.
Sami started dating Layla.
Sami had a more difficult childhood.
Sami's parents divorced when he was a boy.
Sami's story didn't match Layla's version of events.
Sami had killed Layla and waited for hours before he called 911.
Sami and Layla were very, very close friends.
Sami turned Layla's body over and found a huge gaping wound in her chest.
Sami had business failures.
Sami was in bankruptcy when he proposed to Layla.
Sami quit law and started a debt collection business.
Sami started a new family.
Sami was covering things up.
Sami chopped off his father's penis with a kitchen knife.
Sami and Layla had an idyllic life.
Sami started having trouble with drugs.
Sami always had pills within easy reach.
Sami had pills everywhere.
Sami would drink that medication all the time.
Sami was menacing his family.
Sami shot Layla in cold blood while she ate breakfast.
Sami planted the knife in Farid's body to make the murder look like self-defense.
Sami is a narcotics addict.
Sami is a lunatic.
Sami sped at sixty miles an hour.
Sami was thrown in jail for evading arrest.
Sami is a person I love.
Sami went nuts.
Sami drove to every place he could to get help.
Sami wanted Layla to get better.
Sami never lost his temper in a football match.
Sami had enough.
Sami would never be able to answer that question.
Sami reluctantly gave the OK to end the marriage.
Sami scared Layla to death.
Sami was afraid for his life.
Sami scared the children to death.
Sami is going to hurt us.
Sami did not want to take custody of the kids.
On the new automated teller machine, I accidentally withdrew 50¢ instead of $dollars.
Sami resumed his life in Egypt.
Sami didn't have to go to rehab.
Tom's apartment is infested with cockroaches.
Sami had a drinking problem for many years.
Sami will no longer pay for Layla's treatment.
Sami still mourns Layla's loss.
Sami told his attorney to move forward with the divorce.
Sami said horrible things.
Sami was born into a life of privilege.
Sami was a careless killer.
Sami was found naked in the closet.
Sami was hiding things.
Sami was not breathing.
Sami often slept in this room.
Sami is a local attorney.
Sami was searching for love on the Internet.
Sami opened the closet door and found Layla.
Sami threw a blanket over Layla's body.
Today, I'm going to get a plate of pad thai. Ten stars spicy!
Sami wanted Layla silenced.
Sami didn't touch Layla's body.
Sami closed the door on Layla.
Sami shouldn't be fooled.
Sami was dead.
Sami was not dead.
Sami was the last to talk to Layla.
Sami neglected the kids.
Sami isn't allowed on the premises anymore.
Sami took the kids.
Sami was bored and restless.
Sami often slept alone in that room.
Sami slept in the master suite.
Sami described a horrid scene.
Sami was nude.
Sami had a bruise under his right eye.
Sami was looking for love online.
Sami had a little bit of blood coming from his nostril.
Sami had marks all over his face.
Sami's bedroom became a crime scene.
Sami left a latex glove at the crime scene.
Sami was trying to erase his tracks.
Sami was staying at a condo.
Sami's condo is just five minutes away.
Sami has to leave right now.
Is there a rocket launch today?
Sami was found in the closet.
Sami used his bare hands to murder Layla.
Sami stood in front of the window.
Sami crawled in through this window.
Sami got out of the house.
Why is everyone on their phone?
Sami was out with a friend.
Sami and Layla were arguing.
Sami wanted to see her.
What a weird earth!
Sami called me and told me to come over.
Sami became worried about Layla.
Sami was kicked out of his dream house.
Sami was angry about that.
Mary's hairdresser is Dutch.
Sami didn't want to get Layla in trouble.
Sami left his house in disarray.
Sami left the children in the house.
Sami didn't know Layla was dead.
Sami didn't know that himself.
Everyone here is bilingual except Tom.
Sami was hiding something.
Sami was in the living room.
Sami found a grocery bag.
Sami put the grocery bag in the pantry.
Sami wore gloves.
Sami bought latex gloves the night of Layla's murder.
Tom's church builds orphanages in rural Mexico.
Sami continued to walk around.
Sami passed the cash register without paying for the gloves.
Sami was captured on camera stealing a box of latex gloves.
Tom wants to learn Spanish.
Sami shoplifted the latex gloves.
Sami tried to clean up the crime scene.
Sami used his bare hands to strangle his wife.
Sami was hit on the head.
Sami permitted the crime.
Sami couldn't do it.
Sami had a serious drug addiction.
Sami had a restraining order against Layla.
Sami probably did it.
Sami caught me off guard.
Sami quoted Layla as saying Farid did this.
Sami is his daughter's biggest defender.
Sami could not have done that.
Sami was in a drunken stupor.
Sami put a cord around Layla's neck and strangled her to death.
Mary was born in Australia, but is a Dutch citizen.
Sami could do amazing things when he was drunk.
Sami weighed pounds.
Sami is strong enough to do that.
Sami was incarcerated.
Sami's attorney hired a forensic pathologist.
Tom is constantly learning.
Sami killed Layla's husband.
Sami never took the stand to tell his story to the jury.
Sami found his kids in the house alone.
Tom loves Mary more than the world.
Sami was in the bedroom.
Sami used drugs and was violent.
Sami knew both Layla and Farid.
Sami would certainly do that.
Sami didn't make that comment.
Sami wanted homosexual sex.
Sami wanted to destroy Layla's reputation.
Sami has been having inappropriate relationships with men and women.
Do you guys want to share a smoothie?
Sami was very frustrated.
Sami wasn't interested in that.
Sami saw a picture of the woman.
Sami cursed.
Sami drank six glasses of wine.
Sami didn't share custody of the children.
Sami couldn't have the kids.
Sami left in a hurry.
Sami took latex gloves from the shelf.
Sami made that phone call in jail.
Sami saw somebody else.
Sami wasn't a truthful person.
Sami Bakir is the medical examiner.
Sami used a cord to strangle Layla.
Sami was strong enough to do it.
Sami used a ligature to strangle Layla.
Sami discovered Layla's body.
Sami told a shocking tale.
Sami slammed the door.
Sami was actually there.
Sami started jumping.
Sami did not testify.
Sami was concerned that his father wasn't there.
Sami slept in that room.
Sami can't go in that bedroom.
Sami's pillow is in Layla's bedroom.
Sami testified about the incident.
Sami saw his father pushed his mother on the ground.
Sami and Layla have been arguing.
Sami met Layla only once at the bar.
Sami didn't know Layla or Farid.
Sami was so mad that he could kill Layla.
Sami took the baby from Layla.
Sami was a picture of Layla.
Sami's DNA was found on the glove.
Sami was wearing jeans.
Sami's jeans had Layla's blood on them.
Sami Bakir is Layla's defense attorney.
Sami was simply not capable physically or emotionally to strangle Layla.
Sami was asleep in bed.
Sami was in bed.
Sami passed out.
Sami was just asleep.
Sami was asthmatic.
Sami's fate was in the hands of the jury.
Sami testified on June 6th, 2006.
Sami refused to testify.
Sami was just numb.
Sami missed his children terribly.
Sami had a clean record.
Sami became a very violent person.
Sami forgave Layla publicly.
They gossiped for hours on end.
If there's an earthquake, the stores will be looted.
Tom loves potato chips.
The squirrel is the guardian spirit of our tribe.
What did I just drink?
Have a good day, hon.
I don't.
Does that make it an issue?
I do too.
What is he writing?
Tom is a prospector.
Tom is a gold prospector.
Tell me the whole story and start from the beginning.
Let's forget I said anything.
Tom insisted we do this by the book.
Tom is a visual artist.
Mary is very inventive.
Tom leaned back and stretched his arms over his head.
He felt defeated.
Life has many twists and turns.
You've got a crush on her, don't you?
You've got a crush on him, don't you?
Tom works harder than anyone else.
Serve others first.
Forget your selfish ways.
Tom started the day with renewed vigor.
Do you like the opera?
Do you listen to classical?
She didn't want to say something she might regret.
Tom didn't want to say something he might regret.
They danced around the campfire.
"I don't know, Tom. What happens when you speak Esperanto in reverse?" said Mary.
The dogs were howling.
The blanket does not keep me warm.
We'll try another time.
There's a lot to learn.
My hay fever is kicking up.
Don't create dust!
Don't throw dirt clods!
Look at this pile of laundry.
What a mess.
It's not really practical.
It's this year's new model.
I don't like the styling.
Sami started believing in Jesus.
You never study.
Tom declined a full scholarship and went to study breakdancing in Brazil.
Tom used the money earned from breakdancing to buy a bank in Portugal.
Tom likes to un-shred his shredded wheat.
Tom got himself banned from every association and organization except the local breakdancers union #119.
Denmark is the happiest country in the world according to the United Nations World Happiness Report.
It generally sells at very low prices.
I will never leave you.
There are many charming old buildings in the city center.
He's a refusenik.
He's stubborn.
Mary can speak three languages.
The candle went out.
The lovers walked arm-in-arm.
Paris is one of the world’s most visited cities.
You started crying.
You used to draw.
I combed my hair.
I used to stutter.
Tom locked himself out of his own computer.
There could have been a serious accident on the stairs while you were carrying boiling-hot stew up them.
Put it under lock and key.
This is how accidents happen.
Another win.
It's too slow.
Chalk one up for the gipper.
OK, let's take a break.
Sorry to break up your powwow.
If only I had known.
He can't help but insult people.
I want one of those.
So you're one of those people.
You think you're so smart...
Hello, I'm highly dysfunctional.
Just the man I wanted to see.
He's a playwright.
Tom moved to Sweden and became a shipwright.
Your play is so wrong and disturbing.
Why do I write?
It's a one-sentence play called "Tatoeba."
During hayfever season, Mary's sentences were usually punctuated by sneezes.
Tom's mobile slaughterhouse was quickly shut down by the local authorities.
Tom usually calls at this time.
Tom texts Mary every evening.
Tom sometimes needs a day to recover from the work week.
It was a long week that no one deserved.
You have a lot of great ideas.
Do you write down your thoughts?
When do you stop thinking?
What percentage of your blood is caffeine?
They won't let me in.
They said they'd loan me the money.
We got the loan.
It's all said and down.
Now we party.
The work never ends.
Be careful with contractions.
Tom just became the new editor-in-chief.
It's mostly manual labor.
Tom has a strong back for manual labor.
Tom remodeled Mary's home.
What a blowhard.
There's a difference in the brands.
She'll pick it up at noon.
Is it too soon to swing by?
Why did you replant the front yard?
The grass is dying.
This shrub has to go.
The dog needs to be washed.
The dog really stinks.
Comb the dog if you want your allowance.
Everytime you curse, I'm taking a dollar out of your allowance.
There's no response from the moon base.
This is my mother's chicken soup recipe.
This tastes like something from the old country.
I cannot reenter the county.
I'm banned from the theater.
I'm a big deal around here.
What's on your playlist?
Good try.
Pick up your gym clothes.
I'm not allowed to drive anymore.
Well, it's about time.
I can only take a short nap.
Why do you keep looking in your rear mirror?
Is there someone following me?
Did you find out who?
Why are you pestering me?
What would be the consequence of that action?
Is there nothing better to do?
You are a delinquent.
Well, that settles it.
You sound like a soap opera.
There's no law against it.
There is a law against it.
I just want peace in this house.
Don't leave us alone here.
Don't go to the mall without us.
The mall closed down for good.
That clothing store was ghastly.
I hope she likes this.
It's limitless what I can get away with.
Tom was severely beaten by his editor for ending a sentence with a preposition.
We're not taking charity cases.
They were beyond cruel.
Tom was early for church.
My daughter is still small.
Are you going with me to the cafe?
Mary drinks lemonade.
How is the tea?
Gee willikers!
Those who are governed by reason desire nothing for themselves which they do not also desire for the rest of humankind.
I live in the gray house down the street.
My dog makes eye contact when he poops.
He's dying of lung cancer.
Eat nuts and you'll live five years longer.
Trust in God and do the right thing.
Two years later we were married.
OK, let me know when you figure it out.
Why is this such a big deal?
Put it on the compost pile.
Let's stop and rest.
Don't fart so much.
Why not get some sleep?
We're not allowed to be mean anymore.
I'm not allowed to swear at my computer.
All of you are responsible.
This was a disaster.
We just squeaked by.
Let's drive to Vegas.
There's a lot of gossip about her lately.
He's a prophet.
Throw out everything you know.
Tom fixed the circuit breaker.
I chose to do that.
Tom was a good loser.
What shall I bring?
Tom was a normal kid.
Here's how I see it.
Tom was a scrawny kid.
I can't stop crying.
I asked Tom about Mary.
I strongly disagree.
Tom seemed a bit crazy.
Run that by me again.
Tom was a close friend.
We're all behind you.
Tom was a good student.
Tom was unable to walk.
Can this be eaten raw?
Tom was a good listener.
Come sit here with me.
Tom was unable to do it.
I can do that as well.
I asked Tom who did that.
This fork isn't clean.
Tom is extremely selfish.
Come on! You can do it!
Tom tried to ignore Mary.
I always do that alone.
Tom was a terrible coach.
I can probably do that.
I asked Tom about his job.
I chose not to do that.
Tom seemed a bit confused.
I continued doing that.
Tom was busy and so was I.
Please come again soon.
Tom was unable to do this.
How did you manage this?
I asked Tom for his number.
I accidentally did that.
I asked Tom for some money.
I can do that on my own.
I asked Tom if he did that.
I have a discount coupon.
Tom was happy and so was I.
Is it OK to eat this raw?
Tom was tired and so was I.
Let's do this again soon.
I asked Tom how he did that.
I asked Tom if he'd do that.
Are you sure that's right?
I begged Tom not to do that.
I can do that fairly well.
Tom was a member of my crew.
I can do that pretty well.
Tom was hungry and so was I.
Maybe we should forget it.
Tom was sleepy and so was I.
Could you please stop that.
Tom was trying to scare you.
Either way is fine with me.
Tom was trying to trick you.
I admitted that I did that.
Tom was unable to buy a car.
I asked if I could do that.
I asked Tom about his mother.
I came close to doing that.
I asked Tom how I could help.
I'm having a senior moment.
I asked Tom when he did that.
That's still up in the air.
Is that really what Tom said?
You can do that if you try.
Tom seemed a bit disoriented.
Could you check this for me?
Tom was a little moody today.
Do you really have to leave?
Tom was a member of our club.
Excuse me for just a minute.
How long will you be at Tom's?
I actually tried to do that.
I asked Tom about his new job.
I already intend to do that.
I asked Tom if he'd done that.
I asked if I had to do that.
I asked Tom where he did that.
I can do that by myself now.
I bet Tom he couldn't do that.
I can now do that by myself.
I've convinced Tom to do that.
I have a blister on my foot.
Tom tried to make that happen.
I hear you're very talented.
Tom was a member of our group.
I wonder what we have to do.
Tom was a member of the choir.
I wonder what we need to do.
I asked Tom if I could do that.
You should ask someone else.
I asked Tom to do that quickly.
Can you stay a little longer?
I asked Tom to do that quietly.
I apparently have to do that.
I asked Tom to stop doing that.
I apparently need to do that.
I asked Tom why he'd done that.
I barely had time to do that.
I assured Tom that I'd do that.
I could force you to do that.
Tom tried to do that yesterday.
I need someone to go with me.
Tom tried to get Mary to leave.
I only do that in the summer.
Tom was a close friend of mine.
I think you misunderstood me.
Tom was unable to speak French.
I wonder what we ought to do.
I asked Tom how much he weighed.
It's not worth talking about.
I asked Tom if I could kiss him.
Let's go get a cup of coffee.
I asked Tom if he could do that.
How can you be so insensitive?
I asked Tom not to do that here.
How hard can it be to do that?
I asked Tom what the matter was.
How long do you want to sleep?
I can help Tom do that, I think.
I asked Tom why he had to do that.
Tom tried to do the right thing.
I began doing that last month.
Tom was a lifeguard last summer.
I could easily have done that.
I asked Tom for a glass of water.
I tried to do the right thing.
I asked Tom how many guns he had.
I asked Tom how many guns he owned.
Things will never be the same.
Things will never be the same around here after Tom leaves.
I asked Tom not to do that again.
What're we supposed to do now?
I asked Tom to help Mary do that.
Can you tell me how to do that?
I apparently needed to do that.
I wonder how much money Tom owes.
I asked if I needed to do that.
Tom thinks of no one but himself.
I can do that for you, I think.
Tom was a close friend of Mary's.
I could be fired if I did that.
I asked Tom a couple of questions.
I hear you're a good violinist.
I asked Tom if he'd ever done that.
I wish this had never happened.
I asked Tom when I should do that.
I wonder what needs to be done.
I begged Tom to do that carefully.
I'm not the best person to ask.
I think I forgot to tell Tom that.
That's not what I meant at all.
Tom has the best job in the world.
This is something I believe in.
Tom was a college student in 2013.
You might want to rethink that.
Tom was a member of the committee.
How can I ever thank you enough?
I asked Tom all sorts of questions.
How long will you be doing that?
I agreed that we should do that.
I asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I can help you do that, I think.
I asked if Tom had to do that, too.
I can still do that fairly well.
I can still do that pretty well.
I've asked Tom not to do that here.
I wonder what's going to happen.
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that.
I'm looking for a full-time job.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that.
I've had it up to here with you.
I asked Tom why he hadn't done that.
What on earth were you thinking?
I asked Tom why he wouldn't do that.
You apparently enjoy doing that.
I've asked Tom not to do that again.
Do you know where I can get help?
Tom was a junior at Harvard in 2013.
I actually tried to do that once.
I asked Tom how he liked his new job.
I admitted that I didn't do that.
I asked Tom if I could see him again.
I apparently made a few mistakes.
I asked Tom if he'd agree to do that.
I apparently should've done that.
I asked Tom not to do that at school.
I could try doing that by myself.
I asked Tom why he wanted to do that.
I don't think that's quite right.
I assured Tom that I could do that.
I assured Tom I could do that.
I'm a colleague of Tom's.
That woman over there is my mother.
That short woman over there is my mother.
Do you know why Tom is laughing?
Hold on! I'm coming!
Our train leaves at 2:30.
Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
Sami knows more than he is saying.
Sami has an anger management problem.
Sami was suspended from school.
Sami runs a website.
Sami's house erupted in flames.
Sami posted some videos on YouTube.
Sami was told there was a fire at the church.
Sami regularly posts videos on YouTube.
Sami was a member of the congregation.
Sami subscribed to Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami's house was burning very fiercely.
Sami wanted to learn how to control his anger.
Sami was thinking.
Sami was nowhere to be found.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is.
Sami made an alarming discovery.
Sami lost control.
Sami deliberately caused this fire.
Sami has got to see this.
Sami hurt Layla.
Sami opened the two doors.
Sami doesn't look like a person who has never been angry.
Sami always wants to be right in all situations.
Sami said he was open to learning.
Sami is defending himself to the end.
Sami disagreed with Layla's ideas.
Sami got really upset.
Sami was waiting in the attic.
Sami wanted to tell Layla about that.
Sami has taken things personally.
Sami started to take that personally.
Sami just lashed out.
Sami has been saying mean things.
Sami should learn to not take things personally.
Sami can control his anger.
Sami wanted to have things go his way.
Sami became attached to those views.
Sami wanted to handle his anger.
Sami wanted things to go his way.
Sami went to great lengths to desecrate Layla's body.
Sami snapped at Layla.
Sami was hungry.
Sami was overly tired.
Sami considered Farid his friend.
Sami was arguing with Layla.
Sami used Layla's body for some dark ritual.
Sami was stressed out.
Sami was stressed.
Sami was not aware of that.
Sami felt agitated.
Sami was upset about that.
Sami set the church on fire.
Sami killed another innocent person.
Sami snapped at his wife.
Sami got on his motorcycle and drove away.
Sami has been leading this small Pentecostal church for years.
Sami has written about this a lot on his blog.
Sami is very well respected and beloved in the congregation.
Sami seemed to have no known enemies.
Sami and Layla were both overly tired.
Sami and Layla kept fighting.
Sami killed Layla and left her decapitated body inside her own apartment.
Sami tried many paths before he decided to serve God.
Sami had a college degree.
Sami decided to follow in the footsteps of his father.
Sami joined the church.
Sami expressed that accurately.
Sami's father put him down a lot.
Sami worked very hard to earn his father's respect.
Sami became bishop.
Sami learned to express himself.
Sami expected to take over his father's job.
Sami still practises it.
Sami doubled Layla's salary.
Sami felt really anxious.
Sami praised Jesus.
Sami seemed to really love and care about the members of his congregation.
Sami felt a little agitated.
Sami ended up getting Parkinson's.
Sami lost his confidence.
Sami was lost and confused.
Sami will deal with that.
Sami picked Layla up from college.
Sami and Layla went fishing.
Sami tried that.
Sami is going to post videos more regularly.
Sami needs to be easy on himself.
Sami and Layla have been married for six years.
Sami is an anger management specialist.
Sami subscribed to the channel.
Sami hit "like" on Layla's video.
Sami didn't graduate high school.
Sami turned to the bottle to ease his pain.
Sami didn't finish high school.
Sami yells at Layla.
Sami needs to calm down.
Sami realized that Layla didn't love him.
Sami left Layla because of her alcoholism.
Sami drank even heavier.
Sami really looked bad.
Sami and Layla were both angry.
Sami shouldn't be angry.
Sami called the pastor.
Sami struggled with the loss of his mother.
Sami prayed for Layla.
Sami was thinking about Layla.
Sami has a right to be angry.
Sami has a right to feel angry.
Sami acknowledged that.
Sami wanted to put Layla back on her feet.
Sami gave Layla a job at the church.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans. Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Sami was so excited.
Sami was feeling good about himself.
Sami was doing something.
Sami's rehabilitation requires more hard work.
Sami decided to turn his life around.
Sami and Layla raised that child together.
Sami got his GED.
Sami shouldn't take it personally.
Sami borrowed sixty bucks.
Sami is a violent offender.
Sami just screamed.
Sami paid Layla back.
Sami was thinking the same thing.
Sami also spent time with Layla outside of the church.
Sami learned that.
Sami called Layla and let her know that he was going fishing.
Sami's anger is not about you.
Sami's faith was shaken.
Sami's world stopped turning.
Sami has nothing to do with that person.
Sami's decapitated body was discovered inside Layla's apartment.
Sami was hurt.
Sami wanted to express his pain.
Sami left school on a motorcycle.
Sami is expressing his pain.
Sami is just expressing his pain.
Sami was angry.
Sami has got a lot of stuff to get off his chest.
Sami thought about that.
Sami committed these atrocities.
Sami and Layla have been together for years.
Sami talked about that.
Sami and Layla's relationship was long, happy, and successful.
Sami got drunk.
Sami suggested that.
Sami tried to escape.
Sami and Layla dated for six years.
Sami loved Layla too much.
Sami's revelation turned the investigation on its head.
Sami didn't find Layla interesting.
Sami didn't expect Layla to do that.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel the same way.
Sami read new things.
Sami talked about his big dreams.
Sami talked about his aspirations for life.
Sami will always have those dreams.
Sami took a look at the file.
Sami wanted to find a new partner.
Sami has been treated for a chest disease.
Sami isn't doing that.
Sami and Layla had different careers.
Sami and Layla were both evolving.
Sami got higher education.
Sami agreed with most things.
Sami is gonna do everything he can.
Sami took Layla out somewhere.
Sami and Layla are both evolving.
Sami testified in the murder case.
Sami was doing it.
Sami didn't feel valued enough.
Sami went to work today.
Sami really needed that.
Sami received a phone call at pm.
Sami was seen fleeing Layla's house.
Sami made every meal today.
Sami didn't feel appreciated.
Sami died in a hunting accident.
Sami was connected to the disappearance of Layla Bakir.
Sami did an amazing job.
Sami recognized Layla's voice.
Sami waited for Layla.
Sami told Layla what he did.
Sami was explaining that.
Sami doesn't feel appreciated.
Sami is working really hard.
Sami is the sole provider for the family.
Sami was brutally murdered.
Sami vanished only to resurface a few days later with an attorney at his side.
Sami went to work.
Sami was described as a beloved pastor by his congregation.
Sami vanished soon after.
Sami didn't get the answers he was looking for.
Sami's silence shocked the police.
Sami asked Layla direct questions.
Exercise caution in your business affairs; for the world is full of trickery. But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals; and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Sami felt that way.
Sami didn't incriminate himself.
Sami expressed that.
Sami walked away.
Sami kept track of what he was doing.
Sami doesn't agree with Layla.
Sami isn't believing Layla.
Sami would never sit here.
Sami's family rejoiced that he had been found alive.
Sami wanted to share this with Layla.
Sami didn't believe that Layla was really to blame for Farid's death.
Sami did scientific studies on this.
Sami's car was blue.
Sami spent the whole evening with Layla.
Sami wanted to spend his evening with Layla.
Sami and Layla spend twenty minutes with each other every day.
Sami spent the money on alcohol.
Sami might be right.
Sami was trying to help Layla.
Sami said that genuinely.
Sami will tell you.
Sami was in a relationship with someone.
Sami and Layla danced together.
Sami hates doing videos.
Sami has finally said yes.
Sami is looking down here while the camera is up there.
Sami was looking at the camera.
Sami said hello to everybody.
Sami faxed Layla the photograph.
Sami identified Layla Bakir.
Sami created an alias.
Sami focused on that.
Sami wanted to change his name.
Sami is a selfish person.
Sami's promotion never came.
Sami did so well at school that he was able to skip two grades.
Sami played his part.
Sami attended a segregated school.
Sami graduated from the seminary, the top of his class.
Sami fell into a deep depression.
Sami studied for his doctorate.
Sami received his PhD when he was only years old.
Sami started embezzling money.
Sami was arrested and spent the night in jail.
Sami was afraid of getting caught.
Sami wanted to get away.
Sami is a death row inmate.
Sami started a new life.
Sami became another person.
Sami is a brave man.
Sami was convicted of killing a jeweler.
Sami learned to read and write in prison.
Sami hid the van in the woods and covered it with branches.
Sami hid his car in a grove of trees.
Sami tried to outsmart the guards.
Sami applied for a social security card.
Sami's freedom is over.
Sami was riding that motorbike.
Sami bought a motorcycle.
Sami's stolen car was low on gas.
Sami wanted to turn himself in.
Sami's old life remained a problem.
Sami became lost and confused.
Sami was tired of being on the run.
Sami told the dispatcher was unarmed.
Sami asked to be picked up.
Sami was ready to turn himself in.
Sami heard a lot of screaming.
Sami was led away in handcuffs.
Sami was led to the death chamber.
Sami killed Layla and set her house on fire to cover it up.
Sami couldn't afford an attorney.
Sami worked at a topless bar.
Sami fled to Egypt to avoid arrest.
Sami agreed to go.
Sami's family was distraught.
Sami was hitchhiking across the country.
Sami pled guilty.
Sami wanted to hear that out of Layla's own mouth.
Sami died in a terrible tragic way.
Sami selected Layla to be the scapegoat.
Sami trusted Layla absolutely.
Sami felt angry.
Sami felt he was superior to Layla.
Sami paid so much attention to Layla.
Sami gave Layla attention.
Sami is a normal person.
Sami doesn't want to be here.
Sami was the victim.
Sami got up before dawn.
Sami was born with spina bifida. He was paralyzed from the waist down.
Sami became a vegetable on a life support system.
Sami had a chance to get his life back on track.
Sami is ready to start a new life.
Sami set up a plan to kill Layla.
Sami needs to stop by his office, first.
Sami asked Layla to help him get a few things down from the attic.
Sami asked Layla to help him and she of course obliged.
Sami's plan bordered on insanity.
Sami couldn't lift that box.
Sami was desperate enough to try that.
Sami and Layla were ready for action.
Sami just turned and walked away.
Sami was back at work.
Sami moved slow.
Sami undressed Layla's body.
Sami moved slowly.
Sami started sawing the bar.
Sami has to find us a car.
Sami's kitchen was loaded with food.
Sami's body was IDed.
Sami spent a week sleeping in the bug-infested woods.
Sami waited.
Sami needed that car.
Sami took our car.
Sami took all the guns.
Sami left Egypt.
Sami is an escapee.
Be yourself. Especially, do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass.
Sami noticed Layla's tattoo.
Sami is a dangerous armed robber.
Sami flushed Layla's pictures down the toilet.
Sami wanted to know everything about who those guys were.
Sami will be interviewed immediately.
Sami perished in terrible circumstances.
Sami made a mistake.
Sami doused Layla's apartment with gasoline.
Sami headed north.
Sami was speeding.
Sami splashed gasoline around Layla's house.
Sami handed Layla a shotgun.
Sami pulled out his gun.
Sami's heart was pounding.
Sami took that seriously.
Sami has been missing for a very long time.
Sami waited until the next day.
Sami's house was destroyed by a fire.
Sami was doing a project for school.
Sami committed a murder in a church.
Sami and Layla were very close.
Sami was upset with Layla.
Sami grew up thinking his dead was a murderer.
Sami wanted to buy Layla clothes.
Sami was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Sami apologized for what he had done.
Sami felt relieved.
Sami didn't have clothes in his wardrobe.
Sami bought a jar of gherkins.
Sami is going somewhere else.
Sami is a very soft-hearted person.
Sami cries so easily.
Sami was freed from Guantanamo.
Sami had six Rolexes.
Sami slipped outside for a cigarette.
Sami was staying with Layla.
Sami had an eye for design.
Sami had a head for business.
Sami and Layla's partnership came to an explosive end.
Sami admitted pulling the trigger.
Sami started moving.
Sami recorded those moments.
Sami didn't drink at all.
Sami was drinking a lot.
Sami said he was drinking a lot to keep himself running.
Sami threw things.
Sami went ballistic.
Sami tried to bring Layla back from the brink, but there was little he could do.
Sami made the comment.
Sami's appearance started to change.
Sami broke the news to Layla's family.
Sami was very active in church.
Sami liked helping Dad.
Sami has been having an affair with a woman at work.
Sami and Layla appeared a very happy couple.
Sami's affair wasn't as secret as he thought.
Sami was having an affair with someone at work.
Sami knew Layla was having an affair and confronted her about it.
Sami won't turn the other cheek this time.
Sami became desperate.
Sami parked his car in the driveway.
Sami was attacked from behind by Layla.
Sami lingered for a few hours before eventually dying at the hospital.
Sami falls into that category of people.
Sami moved six hours away from where he worked.
Sami has lived there for quite a few years.
Sami helped his friends out.
Sami had to work a night shift.
Sami couldn't care for himself.
Sami suspected Layla was possibly having an extra-marital affair in Cairo.
Sami was a very friendly guy.
Sami was very suspicious about Layla.
Sami had a good salary insofar as being a policeman.
Sami was painting the bedroom.
Sami visited a counselor.
Sami's body was examined by the coroner, then it was turned over to a funeral home.
Sami's life changed for ever.
Sami was born in Egypt and grew up in Toronto, Ontario.
Sami always wore rings.
Sami was a lot of fun to be around.
Sami graduated high school.
Sami went in.
Sami is the exact opposite of Layla.
Sami can't resist Layla's charms.
Sami offered Layla a life she wanted.
Sami and Layla decided to divorce.
Sami decided to move back home to Egypt.
Sami wanted custody of his kids on certain holidays.
Sami will be the getaway driver.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Sami gave himself the perfect alibi.
Sami was the easy target.
Sami fired right into Layla's head.
Sami wasn't crying at all.
Sami knew Layla was not in danger.
Sami ran the only convenience store in the area.
Sami is gonna be spending most of his life in prison.
Sami is exactly where he belongs.
Sami underwent a heart procedure.
Sami accomplished a tremendous amount in his life.
Sami and Layla embarked on a new life.
Sami gave Layla an icy reception.
Sami faced some grave challenges.
Sami isn't supposed to do that.
Sami was full of life.
Sami cautioned Layla to stay away from Farid.
Sami started hitting Layla in the face.
Sami told people he was scared for his life.
Sami offered to lend a hand.
Sami started getting more violent.
Sami has nowhere to go.
Sami wanted Layla to move out.
Sami moved in with a friend of his.
Sami begged Layla for a place to stay.
Sami planned to return to Cairo to live with his family.
Sami will regret this.
Sami's kindness won't be repaid.
Sami became more demanding.
Sami was looking for love.
Sami had an alcohol problem.
Sami took Layla out for a farewell dinner.
Sami was unruly.
Sami was cursing out.
Sami was depressed.
Sami was on his back and Layla was on top of him.
Sami realized that wasn't the life he wanted.
Sami's anxiety put more stress on his family.
Sami deserted his entire family.
Sami had no emotional bond with his children.
Sami and Layla were delighted to see each other after so long.
Sami wasn't enjoying himself.
Sami lived to be old.
Sami has gotten so used to being waited on.
Sami and Layla would always argue.
Sami stole Layla's painkillers.
Sami had tattoos all over him.
Sami used to hurt himself.
Sami used to cut himself.
Sami spoke to Layla about that.
Sami's care has became too much for Layla to handle on her own.
Sami is gonna make this work.
Sami was starting to feel stifled.
Sami won't leave Layla alone.
Sami was also up early.
Sami left early.
Sami hired another maid.
Sami locked himself in his room.
Sami realized pretty quickly what was going on.
Sami highjacked a car from an elderly man.
Sami knows who this man is.
Sami was in total shock.
Sami fired his maid.
Sami is a country boy.
Sami needs to figure out how this machine works.
Sami was serving a sentence of to life.
Sami has been terminated from his employment.
Sami shot a taxi driver in the face.
Sami told Farid about his escape plan.
Sami was the brains of the operation.
Sami was being fleeced by his personal caregiver.
Sami painted the Christmas decorations in the prison.
Sami pulled out the screws.
Sami started making some progress.
Sami celebrated Christmas with his family.
Sami was working his ass off and seemed to get nowhere.
Sami tossed the screwdriver in the garbage can.
Sami's birthday was approaching.
Sami was under constant pressure.
Sami learned this in prison.
Sami's cell was searched.
Sami got on pretty well with the prison guards.
Sami wanted his life back.
Sami was in serious pain.
Sami was an extreme risk to the public.
Sami raped a woman who was eight months pregnant.
Sami is an extremely dangerous criminal.
Sami met Layla at his mother's house.
Sami is going back to prison.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero for what he did.
Sami considers himself a failure.
Sami's prayers were answered.
Sami was called the "Gentleman Robber."
Sami blew all the money on partying.
Sami should get used to this.
Sami was living the fast life.
Sami was stuck in his world of partying and gambling.
Sami was making another call.
Sami was thrilled.
Sami needs to learn some respect.
Sami was still looking at me.
Sami generously offered to take Layla in.
Sami needed to get out.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul.
Sami had to go.
Sami is a highly trained correctional officer.
Sami had to be prepared to take risks.
Sami ran at least six times a week.
Sami got a pair of wire cutters.
Sami escaped from custody.
Sami was very articulate.
Sami was very keen.
Sami was very watchful.
Sami was accepted.
Sami was a model prisoner.
Sami was a trusted inmate.
Sami was there to load the furniture.
Sami hid in the back of the truck.
Sami is in solitary.
Sami put his arm through the door and turned the handle to open it.
Sami needed a cellphone.
Sami escaped.
Sami started flirting with a female employee in the prison.
Sami heard the truck driver open and shut his door.
Sami heard me.
Sami had to get that done.
Sami pushed his arm further inside the hole.
Sami was locked in a box.
Sami called a friend to pick him up.
Sami wished Layla a happy birthday.
Sami knew it wasn't true.
Sami was assigned to the Cairo office.
Sami went on the run.
Sami quickly ran out of places to hide and he was eventually captured by the police.
Sami came to the bar to eat breakfast.
Sami had scary eyes.
Sami has previously had a heart attack.
Sami came out of the bathroom.
Sami's medication started to take effect.
Sami knew exactly what to do.
Sami seemed normal at first.
Sami broke open every slot machine in the bar and stole the money.
Sami was staying at the hotel with a woman by the name of Layla Bakir.
Sami was so sexy.
Sami was a very attractive man.
Sami didn't want Layla to watch the news at all.
Sami was watching porn.
Sami still likes to manage everything at home.
Sami wanted to meet Layla in person.
Sami called and left the line open.
Sami would joke with you but he's serious at the same time.
Sami's suitcase was x-rayed.
Sami threw Layla's books away.
Sami threw up on his bed.
Sami took all the soap with him.
Sami had some time.
Sami thought Layla was using the toilet.
Sami got the window open.
Sami's dog broke its chain.
Sami and Layla were Christians coming back from a mission.
Sami attended to Layla's last wishes.
Sami and Layla were from Egypt.
Sami had skills to offer.
Sami was a convicted killer.
Sami could move freely around the prison.
Sami hit Layla with a hammer.
Sami started the count in his head.
Sami was out of time.
Sami refused to do anything about it.
Sami locked the door up again.
Sami got out.
Sami reads and writes a lot.
Sami's plan was already dead.
Sami saw something moving in the dark.
Sami opened the letter.
Sami's father was an Egyptian.
Sami is being held by the Egyptian intelligence services.
Sami's behavior started to infuriate Layla.
Sami defected from ISIS.
Sami was medicated.
Sami became disillusioned with jihad.
Sami headed straight to the police.
Sami helped Layla join ISIS.
Sami was detained twice.
Sami left Egypt in June, 2006.
Sami wanted to go back to Egypt.
Sami was a prisoner of the Kurds.
Sami's body was cremated.
Sami met a girl in Egypt.
Sami made all the arrangements for Layla to join ISIS.
Sami was seduced by the videos posted by ISIS online.
Sami was learning about Islam.
Sami was a little vague on that point.
Sami made a decision to go to Egypt.
Sami abused drugs.
Sami arrived safely on the Egyptian border.
Sami found himself in custody and in deep trouble.
Sami is being interviewed by the FBI.
Sami is part of Layla's life.
Sami was overmedicated.
Sami has been having a lover.
Sami began his own investigation.
Sami's vision was severely impaired.
Sami was torn between grief and anger.
Sami's bank accounts have been emptied.
Sami has changed his ways.
Sami has done his time in jail.
Sami never said anything that indicated that he was involved.
Sami said hello as he always does.
Sami was being uncooperative.
Sami's story raised some red flags.
Sami wanted to know who might have abducted Layla.
Sami was hoarding drugs.
Sami talked about his home life.
Sami wanted to talk about his family life.
Sami was convinced Layla did not die from natural causes.
Sami could need some help.
Sami abducted Layla and kept her as a sex slave.
Sami held that back.
Sami was pressed for a confession.
Sami dismissed his caregiver.
Sami's interrogation ended immediately.
Sami was waiting for Layla to trip up.
Sami wasn't very mobile and he couldn't get out by himself.
Sami wanted to vindicate himself.
Sami asked for an attorney.
Sami was watching the interrogation on monitors.
Sami intentionally misinformed Layla.
Sami was suspected of abducting those two girls.
Sami was very cooperative.
Sami gave Layla a rope to hang herself.
Sami denied everything.
Sami portrayed himself as a loving husband.
Sami knew exactly what it was.
Sami was potentially involved in Layla's death.
Sami needs to make a decision.
Sami and Layla had an argument over that.
Sami is still waiting execution at Bakir Prison.
Sami's daughter was arrested for prostitution.
Sami continued to talk to Layla.
Sami was no angel.
Sami's ring finally turned up.
Sami concealed his identity.
Sami's dog gave birth to a litter of pups.
Sami emptied the poisonous capsules into Layla's drink.
Sami crushed the poisonous pills and dissolved them into juice.
Sami and Layla met through a dating website.
Sami served Layla some juice.
Sami met Layla through an online dating service.
Sami's country is close to Egypt.
Sami accepted Layla's Facebook request.
Sami messaged Layla.
Sami and Layla became Facebook friends.
Sami went to the Bible club.
Sami started messaging Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to know that he was thinking about her.
Sami constantly wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami has been sending Layla Facebook messages.
Sami was tracking Layla on Facebook.
Sami considered a big decision.
Sami started to learn the American ways.
Sami and Layla were exchanging tender moments in public.
Sami's tires were slashed.
Sami's tires were all slashed.
Sami didn't want to have his life defined by the people menacing him.
Sami decided he was going to end Layla's life.
Sami is still the love of my life.
Sami has family in Cairo.
Sami was put on trial for the murder of Layla Bakir.
Sami did not do anything that caused Layla's death.
Sami and Layla were both naked from the waste down.
Sami was having sex with Layla.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world. Be careful. Strive to be happy.
"Mary, history says that the Roman Empire had bread and circuses for the masses, but really it was a vast conspiracy by the Roman oligarchy to change the very structure of Latin itself. By using a method of 'pronounic decoupling', the implicit mechanisms of Latin were disengaged and its speakers were hardly ever able to understand each other. And that's why I got drunk last night," said Tom.
You will eat your bananas.
"Mary, I invoke my Jus Latii rights which means I don't have to do dishes tonight because of my Roman citizenship equivalency," said Tom. "What century do you think this is?" asked Mary. "And also stop drinking and do the dishes"
He seemed lost in thought.
She seemed lost in thought.
Tom caught up to me after class.
We live in a beautiful city.
Everyone wants to be right.
Everyone can't always be right all the time.
He remained thoughtful for a long time, trying to find a solution to the problem.
She entered the place with wild gesticulations, feeling as the queen of the party.
Women are, indeed, more talkative than men; they spend the whole day speaking about anything.
Carbonated beverages oftentimes have a high caloric content.
The continuous flow of water forms thalwegs in the lower parts of the valleys.
He hung two rattles on the cat.
The hussars are Hungarian cavalrymen.
There are different painting techniques; I particularly prefer oil paintings from Velázquez to those from Goya.
The new political parties are rally lovers and populists, but not at all democratic.
If you had to choose a moment in time to be born, any time in human history, and you didn't know ahead of time what nationality you were or what gender or what your economic status might be, you'd choose today.
The old cobbles in the streets have gradually been substituted by asphalt in all cities.
My triceps get stronger with regular exercise in the gym.
The trajectory of our history over the last 50, years has been remarkable.
She cleans the house endlessly, thus keeping it immaculate.
Today, dangerous forces do threaten to pull the world backward, and our progress is not inevitable.
From the ruins of the Second World War, our nations set out to remake the world -- to build a new international order and the institutions to uphold it. A United Nations to prevent another world war and advance a more just and lasting peace. International financial institutions like the World Bank and International Monetary Fund to promote prosperity for all peoples. A Universal Declaration of Human Rights to advance the “inalienable rights of all members of the human family.”
As Adenauer said in those early days, “European unity was a dream of a few. It became a hope for the many. Today it is a necessity for all of us.”
Yes, European unity can require frustrating compromise. It adds layers of government that can slow decision-making. I understand. I've been in meetings with the European Commission.
You may argue over whose football clubs are better, vote for different singers on Eurovision. But your accomplishment -- more than million people speaking languages in countries, with a common currency, in one European Union -- remains one of the greatest political and economic achievements of modern times.
Europe, in the 20th century, was at constant war. People starved on this continent. Families were separated on this continent. And now people desperately want to come here precisely because of what you've created. You can't take that for granted.
A strong, united Europe is a necessity for the world because an integrated Europe remains vital to our international order.
Europe helps to uphold the norms and rules that can maintain peace and promote prosperity around the world.
We need to close loopholes that allow corporations and wealthy individuals to avoid paying their fair share of taxes through tax havens and tax avoidance, trillions of dollars that could be going towards pressing needs like education and health care and infrastructure.
We have to constantly work to make sure government is not a collection of distant, detached institutions, but is connected and responsive to the everyday concerns of our people.
Yes, these are unsettling times. And when the future is uncertain, there seems to be an instinct in our human nature to withdraw to the perceived comfort and security of our own tribe, our own sect, our own nationality, people who look like us, sound like us. But in today's world, more than any time in human history, that is a false comfort. It pits people against one another because of what they look or how they pray or who they love. And yet, we know where that kind of twisted thinking can lead. It can lead to oppression. It can lead to segregation and internment camps.
All of us can be guided by the empathy and compassion of His Holiness, Pope Francis, who said “refugees are not numbers, they are people who have faces, names, stories, and they need to be treated as such.”
So I say to you, the people of Europe, don't forget who you are. You are the heirs to a struggle for freedom. You're the Germans, the French, the Dutch, the Belgians, the Luxembourgers, the Italians -- and yes, the British -- who rose above old divisions and put Europe on the path to union.
I have to admit that I have developed a special place in my heart for the German people.
My only regret is that I have never been to Germany for Oktoberfest.
We consider the German people, and all of our European allies, to be among our closest friends in the world—because we share so much experience and so many of the same values.
We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history.
We are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful, most prosperous, most progressive era in human history. That may surprise young people who are watching TV or looking at your phones and it seems like only bad news comes through every day. But consider that it’s been decades since the last war between major powers. More people live in democracies. We’re wealthier and healthier and better educated, with a global economy that has lifted up more than a billion people from extreme poverty, and created new middle classes from the Americas to Africa to Asia.
Around the world, we’re more tolerant -- with more opportunity for women, and gays and lesbians, as we push back on bigotry and prejudice.
And around the world, there’s a new generation of young people -- like you -- that are connected by technology, and driven by your idealism and your imagination, and you're working together to start new ventures, and to hold governments more accountable, and advance human dignity.
Your clothes won't just wash themselves.
Always predict the worst and you'll be hailed as a prophet.
Lighten up a bit.
"Mary, what is so magical about the number twelve?" said Tom.
Sami cut Layla's head off to make it impossible to identify her.
Sami hired a private detective.
Sami concealed his crime.
Sami was acquitted of murder.
Sami was given a life sentence.
Sami allowed himself little luxuries.
Sami's privileges were curtailed.
Sami's wealth was booming.
Sami earned a substantial amount of money.
Sami was released in 1996.
Sami bought a mansion.
Sami began an anonymous new life in another country.
Sami got an e-mail from a person who read his column in the newspaper.
Sami went to Egypt to live with Layla.
Sami's mask slipped.
Sami survived the crash.
Sami was addicted to wealth.
Sami seemed to have it all.
Sami was spending money.
Sami didn't want to be seen.
Sami loved the limousine lifestyle of the mega-rich.
Sami was adopted by a wealthy businessman.
Sami couldn't afford that.
Sami was certain he knew who was responsible for Layla's death.
Sami exited the underground parking lot.
Sami saw a man prowling the parking lot.
In the equal temperament, octaves are divided into twelve semi-tones.
"Mary, I put a curse on your burrito," said Tom. "OK. This cross of hot sauce protects," said Mary.
Sami lives in that area.
Sami plunged to his death.
Sami jumped out of the truck at the very last second.
Sami removed the bolts.
Sami was not injured.
Sami escaped with barely a stratch.
Sami crashed through the guardrail.
Sami's car was tumbling while he was still inside.
Sami was braking but the brakes didn't work.
Sami should slow down.
Sami and Layla decided to take a romantic drive on the side of the mountain.
Sami picked Layla up at the airport.
Sami threw away his lucrative career as a doctor to work as a taxi driver.
Sami was rolling in money.
Sami was from an Arab family and he spoke Arabic.
Sami wanted to change careers.
Sami became a tour guide.
Sami wasn't driven by money.
Sami received a big bonus.
Sami owns hundreds of acres of land south of Cairo.
Sami worked at a couple of different hospitals.
Sami looked at the picture.
Sami was flaunting his wealth.
Sami doesn't know what happened to Layla.
Sami went over the cliff.
Sami left his entire fortune to charity.
Sami read Layla's will.
Sami arranged Layla's murder.
Sami received life in prison.
Sami pled guilty to murder.
Sami was found guilty of murder in the first degree.
Sami's truck exploded into flames.
Sami made sure his plan was properly executed.
Sami supplied Layla's killers with all of the logistics.
Sami wants the job done this time.
Sami wanted Layla murdered.
Sami abandoned Layla to her fate.
Sami clung to a branch.
Sami called from his cellphone.
Sami still maintains Layla's death was a tragic accident.
Sami put his diabolical plan into action.
Sami wanted to improve his marriage.
Sami needed Layla to do that.
Sami dressed in thick clothes to protect himself from the cold.
Sami hired people to murder Layla.
Sami could stand it no longer.
Sami's overwhelming greed destroyed Layla's life.
Sami was adopted.
Sami believed charity should begin and end at his home.
Sami seethed with rage.
Sami seemed to be losing money head over fist.
Sami sacrificed his loving wife on the altar of greed.
Sami began to run into financial problems.
Sami gave Layla millions of dollars.
Sami did not contact the authorities.
Sami checked his e-mail.
Sami was smuggling drugs into the country.
Sami refused to believe it.
Sami didn't pull the trigger, but he was involved.
Sami assumed that one day, he would take over his father's company.
Sami is standing there.
Sami wanted to set an example.
Sami could hardly believe it.
Sami and Layla discussed Farid's murder.
Sami's phones were wiretapped.
Sami was paid by the Russian maffia to gun down Layla's husband.
Sami tried to handle that on his own.
Sami provided police new information.
Sami identified the suspect captured in the CCTV video.
Sami was supposed to die that day.
Sami didn't finish the job.
Sami was hired by a man to kill someone.
Sami offered police information.
Sami kidnapped people for ransom.
Sami hoped to cut a deal with the cops.
Sami's right arm was busted in six places.
Sami suddenly fled.
Sami just kept beating Layla with a baseball bat.
Sami was asked if he would place Farid in the ground.
Sami decided to fake his own disappearance.
Sami followed Layla's instructions.
Sami wore his favorite hat.
Sami dedicated his life to protect these wonderful virgin forests.
Sami gave away millions of dollars to help protect the environment.
Sami and Layla have separated.
Time to start the laundry.
Sami swore he would get revenge.
I remember that laundromat in Paris.
When will the construction be finished?
I think I'm recharged, but my mind is elsewhere.
Sami hired Layla back.
Mary was drinking.
You were right about dead food in boxes and cans.
The helicopter is circling above.
He never called me back.
He said he'd call me back.
No one really knows what's up with ear hair.
Tom had some huge nose hairs.
Tom has a lot of nose and ear hairs.
Tom has a hairy back.
Tom is just hairy in general.
The alarm rang.
Get the alarm.
Turn it off!
Open the oven.
Clean the microwave.
I dropped a fork.
I need a clean fork.
I need a clean knife.
I need a clean spoon.
I need some silverware.
Can I have silverware for my meal?
Why didn't you finish your meal?
What was the point of all of that?
I don't like your car.
Try not to hit the curb.
Lock the car.
Get the laundry.
Start the laundry.
Mary has a big nose and Tom likes it.
Tom has very large ears and Mary thinks they are cute.
Tom can do tricks with his eyebrows.
There is too much smoke in here.
I don't want to smell like cigarette smoke.
What's with all the smokers here?
This is a shitty bar.
This place is a dive.
Where can we find a clean restaurant?
When does the shuttle arrive next?
How long does it take to get to the airport?
Can I charge my phone in the lobby?
Look at those pathetic tourists on the bus.
Why do I have to pay extra for protection for my computer?
Tom has taken some damage points.
"Tom, why do you use the word "some" so much?" asked Mary.
It wouldn't be proper.
It wouldn't be prudent.
Mary is an imprudent young woman.
Mary, give me your chewing gum.
Tom, go rake the leaves.
What is your fascination with this?
This won't be good.
I haven't practiced French all day.
I haven't practiced today.
Lies make us distance ourselves from others and prevent them from knowing what we feel and what we need.
I keep a dream journal by my bed.
I have a blog about herbal teas.
I need a new kidney.
I need a lung transplant.
I need a liver transplant.
I am donating bone marrow.
I donate blood as much as I can.
I need a Latin dictionary.
Where's the dictionary?
Where's the thesaurus?
Do you know how to type?
I need to fold the laundry.
Help me fold.
She doesn't trust anyone.
I don't want to take a class at the gym.
Many fitness classes are available at the gym.
What the hell is this suspension training at the gym?
I got a runner's high after using the elliptical machine for fifty minutes.
She doesn't care.
She won't call.
She won't apologize.
She's indifferent.
She wants to write for television.
Her favorite standup comic got in hot water for stealing jokes.
Zip it.
I broke the fly on another pair of pants.
My legs are freakishly strong.
Are there any good restaurants near your house?
Was your dinner last night delicious?
Is there anything you don't like to eat?
Are you going downtown this afternoon?
Was your father reading a book last night?
Are you going to go shopping next weekend?
Were you able to ride a bicycle when you were five years old?
Is there a computer in your bedroom?
Are you able to play the guitar?
Were you a good student when you were in junior high school?
Were you watching TV last night at 9:00?
Were you watching TV last night at nine o'clock?
Was your high school's baseball team a good team?
Is your home large?
Is your home quiet?
Is your home conveniently located?
Is your home near here?
Are you interested in science?
Are you interested in European history?
Are you interested in photography?
Is there a stereo in your bedroom?
Is there an air conditioner in your bedroom?
Are you able to read a French newspaper?
Are you able to travel a lot?
Can you read a French newspaper?
Are you able to take long vacations?
Are you able to play the flute?
Is your mother a housewife?
Is your mother a secretary?
Is your mother a busy woman?
Was your high school's volleyball team a good team?
Was your high school's basketball team a good team?
Is your father older than your mother?
Is your father taller than your mother?
Is your father easier to get along with than your mother?
Is your father better-looking than your mother?
Were you busy last Monday afternoon?
Were you tired yesterday afternoon?
Were you sleepy this morning?
Were you late for class today?
Are you a good student?
Are you an engineer?
Are you a good French speaker?
Are you a good skier?
Are you a careful driver?
Are you going to do your homework before supper?
Are you going to do your homework before dinner?
Are you going to see any of your friends over the weekend?
Are you going to play tennis this week?
Are you going to watch TV tonight?
Is your father shy?
Is your father strong?
Is your father creative?
Was your mother working yesterday?
Was your mother sick last week?
Was your mother an only child?
Was your mother busy last Monday?
Were you able to swim when you were thirteen years old?
Were you able to play mahjong last summer?
Was your breakfast this morning delicious?
Is there a bank near your house?
I didn't practice the piano yesterday.
I haven't yet practiced the piano today.
I haven't practiced the piano in a long time.
How long does it take to get to the airport from here?
How long will it take me to get to the airport?
How long will it take me to get to the airport from here?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by taxi?
How long will it take me to get to the airport by bus?
Would you like more tea?
What do you want on your salad?
More milk, young man?
Would you like coffee, sir?
Could we have some more non-dairy creamer?
Can we get some more cream?
Do you want some more milk?
Would you like some more milk?
Do you think I should add more milk to the batter?
Should I buy some more milk?
I don't want to drink any more milk now.
Do you want more milk in your coffee?
How do you like your meat cooked?
Pepper on your salad, sir?
Do you want more pasta?
Do you have a coupon?
Where is the bus station?
Where is the newsstand?
What is your flight number?
How's your son?
What is your major?
Where did you buy that T-shirt?
Do you have any dietary restrictions?
Is this your first flight?
"Can I ask you a question?" "No, I don't answer surveys."
Is this the first time you've flown alone?
"How are you enjoying your stay with us?" "I'm not. The food is horrible."
Is this the first time you've flown a kite?
Is this the first time you've flown a helicopter?
Is this the first time you've flown first class?
"What's new with you?" "I just found out I've been transferred to the another division."
"Why are you so glum?" "Our dog is sick."
Is this the first time you've eaten here?
Is this the first time you've done this?
Is this the first time you've been here?
Is this the first time you've experienced this kind of pain?
"Was this your ideal?" "No, it was Mary's"
Was that the first time you were arrested?
"Did you get a new toy?" "Yes, my uncle bought it."
Is this the first time you've had this kind of problem?
Is this the first time you've eaten Thai food?
"Where do you go to school?" "I go to Forest Grove Elementary."
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?
Is this the first time you've traveled alone?
Is this the first time you've played this game?
"Would you like me to call the police?" "No, he's my uncle."
Was that the first time Tom kissed Mary?
"Why are you calling the front desk?" "I want an early wake up call."
Was that the first time you rode a horse?
Can you set a reminder on your phone?
Is this the first time you've seen snow?
Did you bring the calendar?
When was the first time you saw snow?
When was the first time you played poker?
Is this your first time to visit Boston?
Do you have any suntan lotion?
Which of these do you like?
Is this the first time you and Tom have done this together?
Where on earth did you find that?
Do you like to listen to rock music?
Can you remember the first time you tried playing the clarinet?
What is your favorite type of music?
What was your beef?
Can you remember the first poem you ever wrote?
Why can't you ever listen?
Do you want me to spell it out?
Is this the first time you've ever skied?
Can you do the dishes?
Can you clean the kitchen?
Is this the first time you've ever ice skated?
Why didn't you stop me?
Why am I in trouble?
Why do you always get into trouble?
Why do you poop on the floor?
Why do you have to poop every time we get ready to leave?
Was there an issue?
Is this the first time you've applied for a loan?
Is this the first time you've noticed this problem?
Is this the first time you've ever given blood?
Is this the first time you've tried doing this?
What was your goal?
Just why? Why did you do that?
Is this the first time you've been back to Boston since your divorce?
Why can't you think first before you act?
Do you think this is a big deal?
Why do you think you can disobey me?
Is there more to the story?
Please don't tell any more jokes.
Does this look OK?
Did you eat already?
Why did you use the candles?
Where is all the liquor?
Why did you hide?
What were you doing in the garage?
Why do you need matches?
Why don't you sit and read for a while?
What's your favorite exercise machine?
Does this hotel have a gym?
Does this hotel have a sauna?
Is there a lifeguard posted at the pool?
Where is the security guard?
Who do I call if my car has been broken into?
Have you seen my wallet?
Where are my credit cards?
Why did you take cash out of my wallet?
Where are my pain pills?
Where is my pain medication?
Do you think I need help?
Can you please replace all the liquor bottles that you've filled with water or tea?
Why do you drink so much?
Why are you drinking at this time of the day?
Did you find anything out?
What was your brother up to?
Why can't you behave?
Why do I have to worry about you?
Why are you so skinny?
Why are you so fat?
Why are you getting so muscular?
Why are you getting so hairy?
Why can't you concentrate?
Why aren't you able to study?
Why didn't you practice?
Why do you think we punish you?
Do you think you need to see somebody?
Are you feeling suicidal?
Do you think you need professional help?
Why are you so troubled?
Why do you act indifferent?
Why do you think this is funny?
Do you want to watch television?
Can you help me fold clothes?
Tom has moved.
Do you think you're a better cook?
You were completely wrong about the amount of tomato paste required.
Do you have anything on the menu that doesn't come from any species of grass?
"Why don't you eat grains?" "I don't eat grains because they're all from species of grass. I don't eat grass because I'm not a fucking cow."
Do I look like a fucking cow to you?
Do you think you're a better cook than I am?
Do you think you're a better cook than me?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom?
Do you think you're a better cook than Tom is?
Do you want to take it outside?
Can you please calm down, sir?
Sir, should I call the police?
Why did he hit you?
Where on earth are you going?
Why did Tom hit you?
Oh, yeah? Do you want to have a cook-off to see who's the better cook?
Can you hold my purse?
Do you want to fight?
Why did you take me to this horrible sushi place?
Does this taste rotten to you?
Does this taste rancid to you?
Do you think these nuts have gone rancid?
Do you want more fruit?
Why can't you be normal?
Haven't you heard? Normal doesn't exist.
Do you think I'm average?
Why do people not realize that there is no normal or average? Everybody has a jagged profile of strengths and weaknesses. Everybody is different and everybody is a genius. Teaching institutions suck the life out of children.
A straight-A student killed himself in the high school parking lot. The pressure is too great to be perfect in this community.
Why don't you finish up here and I'll go to the bank?
What would your previous employers say about you?
Do you think you've actually weakened me? I'm getting stronger everyday!
"Dad, where is the rest of my Halloween candy?" "Sorry, I've had a bit of weakness for chocolate lately."
Why do you keep calling?
You think you know it all.
This could be the showdown of the century.
Can you stop kicking my seat?
Can you stop chewing gum so loudly?
Can you stop snapping your gum?
Can you stop chewing with your mouth open?
Is your mother home?
Why aren't you at the dinner table?
Why don't you respond when I call?
How late did you stay up?
Why is this bus stopping?
Why isn't the bus leaving?
Why are you getting off the bus?
Why did you take my luggage?
I don't have a bag.
Why can't this be easy?
Why are you so cranky?
Why couldn't you have stayed home?
What a bunch of crap!
That's racist!
Why aren't you more responsible?
How much did you lose?
Why do you gamble?
Do you have a helmet?
Did you bring eye protection?
Why aren't you wearing your safety goggles?
Do you have long to live?
What's on your bucket list?
How many movies to you watch in a month?
Would you like a chocolate sundae?
Would you like a root beer float?
Why do you eat junk food?
Why are you so self-destructive?
Have you talked to your sister recently?
Have you talked to anyone in the old country?
Why are you investigating me?
That man isn't a teacher. He's a student.
Tom isn't a student. He's a teacher.
How can Paleo be a fad diet when it just attempts to replicate the human diet of prehistoric times? It's more of an original recipe diet than a fad.
Does being civilized mean eating a diet of primarily grass species (wheat, rice, corn, sugar, etc)? If it does and if you really think about, it means you are actually eating worthless garbage and paying hard-earned money for it.
We are apes and not cows.
We are the rabble.
Do you want a pretzel?
Can you buy me a hot dog?
Why do I have to choose?
Where are my shin guards?
Where is my soccer uniform?
Where is my soccer ball?
How many people were in attendance?
Do you actually think people can live to be nine hundred years old?
What's with your attitude?
"Can I help you?" "No, thanks. I'm just looking."
"Can you help me?" "Yes, after I take care of this customer."
"Do you like this town?" "No, I hate it."
"Do you like the weather?" "Don't talk to me."
"Can we have a conversation?" "Go fuck yourself!"
"Can you make me something to eat?" "Go fuck yourself!"
"Can you make me breakfast?" "Like your fat ass needs breakfast!"
"What's wrong with you?" "Go fuck yourself!"
I am uneducated on fats.
I am uneducated on nutrition.
I am uneducated.
I'm just a simple farmer.
I'm just a simple factory worker. Why do you bother me?
I like Stalin.
"Why do you say Stalin is dead?" "Papa, take your medicine."
Why are you always horny?
Why are you always up until 2:in the morning?
What's in Boston?
Why Boston? Why not New York City or Newark?
Why settle in Boston?
Why are we stopping in Boston?
Do you know any bitches in Boston?
Why are your hands so cold?
Why are you shivering?
Why do you look so puffy?
Do you feel like you are going to throw up?
Do you know where I've placed my glasses?
Throw the ball.
Mary woke Tom.
Breathe happiness.
Sami was kidnapped.
Sami owned a sprawling mansion in Toronto.
Sami went to a private school.
Sami built an empire of more than sixty companies.
Tell us everything!
Sami loved hiking in the vast Russian wilderness.
Sami lavished attention on Layla.
Sami thinks Farid is a hero.
Sami was enjoying another lunch with Layla.
Sami funded Layla's murder.
Sami's kidnappers were arrested.
Sami drowned in a swimming pool.
Sami changed Layla's life for ever.
Sami was forced to make an emergency landing.
Sami's plane landed on the tarmac.
Sami died in the blaze.
Sami's brush with death shifted his focus from business to religion.
Sami donated his wealth.
Sami bought houses, renovated them, then sold them.
Sami met Layla for lunch.
Sami attended the business meeting.
Sami and Layla were talking about a donation he was going to make for an environmental project.
Sami fired the first shot into Layla's chest.
Sami was begging for his life.
Ah! The young ones!
She is a vegetarian.
Sami stole Farid's girlfriend.
Sami faked his own death.
Sami had thousands of followers on Facebook.
Sami was planning Layla's funeral.
Sami was planning a new life.
Sami is a former Marine.
Sami and Layla are going to the beach.
Sami was in a no-swim zone.
Sami took his shoes off.
Sami sounded the alarm.
Sami called his stepmom.
Sami and Layla didn't even sleep in the same bed.
Sami cried on the phone.
Sami ran for help.
Sami was crying on the beach.
Sami left his belongings on the beach.
Sami has significantly increased his insurance.
Sami opened his e-mail account.
Sami read Layla's secret messages.
Sami used a payphone.
Sami called the authorities.
Sami couldn't believe Layla was alive.
Sami called from a resort.
Sami was planning a funeral for Layla.
Sami was in Tahiti.
Sami was cooling his heels in Sharm al-Sheikh.
Sami disappeared for about six years.
Sami made a full confession.
Sami wanted to end his life.
Sami went into the water and never came out.
Sami wanted to convince everybody that he was dead.
Sami was leaving.
Sami's father has physically abused him for years.
Sami participated in that big lie.
Sami's father was a violent man.
Sami headed for home in his Ford.
Sami was stopped for speeding.
Sami finally resurfaced in Cairo.
Sami had nothing to do with that.
Sami will have to live with that.
Sami and Farid shared the same prison cell.
Sami pled guilty to conspiracy to commit insurance fraud.
Sami hurt his brother.
Sami is waiting to be sentenced.
Sami was found dead on the kitchen floor of his trailer.
Sami was enjoying the comfort of his new home.
Sami lived in a trailer park.
Sami moved to Cairo, looking for a fresh start.
Sami posted the videos online.
Sami's prank videos garnered millions of clicks.
Sami's video got six million views.
Sami's car crashed into a truck.
Sami wore a mask.
Sami pranked co-workers.
Sami chased people around the park, dressed like a zombie.
Sami gave me a big gigantic hug.
Sami liked extreme pranks.
Sami loved his family with a passion.
Sami had a tough guy exterior.
Sami did his part as a dad.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of time together fishing.
Sami looked rough.
Sami worked occasionally as a handyman.
Sami milked cows.
Sami got his first job at sixteen, milking cows.
Sami's pranks got crazier and crazier.
Sami watched the video.
Sami worked for an electronics company.
Sami pushed the limits of his YouTube pranks to get attention.
Sami decorated the yard.
Sami liked to prank people.
Sami sold his trailer to Layla.
Sami decided to prank Layla.
Sami pretended to be a Mexican immigrant.
Sami took it at face value.
Sami was on Facebook.
Sami is Muslim and he doesn't do any of that.
Sami drank Red Bull.
Sami's Arabic accent disappeared. In fact, he was just pretending to be an Arab immigrant. He was born and raised in Ontario, Canada.
Sami lived with his aunt.
Sami took the joke as far as he could.
Sami paid Layla's bills.
It needs more time than we thought.
Sami held down two jobs.
Sami continues to play pranks.
Sami said hi.
Sami got back at Layla.
Sami was on that plane.
Sami had explosives.
Sami fooled the police.
Sami knows everyone by sight.
Sami fooled his family.
Sami took it so far that his prank became a crime.
Sami fell in love with a brunette called Layla.
Sami wore a cut-off shirt.
Sami cut the sleeves of his shirt off.
Sami always makes a point of saying hello.
Sami and Layla met at a pizza joint.
Sami didn't want to talk to Al-Jazeera.
Sami has fallen hard for a comely co-worker.
Sami had a white-collar job.
Sami saw it coming.
Sami lost his mobility.
Sami would be so excited.
Sami too wanted Layla all to himself.
Sami did what he could to help Layla fix her situation.
Sami always wanted to share his space with Layla.
Sami always wanted Layla to come over.
Sami posted an inappropriate picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami posted a nude picture of Layla on Facebook.
Sami offered to give Layla a ride.
Sami offered Layla a ride.
Sami could drop whatever he was doing to help Layla.
Sami could call Layla at any time.
Sami's payback would come on Christmas day.
Sami's call was not recorded.
Sami had drugs on him.
Sami liked to manicure his lawn.
Sami carried drugs.
Sami's death took a heavy toll on Layla.
Sami has no idea what's up.
Sami helped Layla through a difficult time.
Sami's daughter cleaned house for him.
Sami put his hands up.
Sami realized right there and then that that was probably a hoax.
Sami was the only one in town who knew what was going on.
Sami returned to his pizza joint.
Sami took Layla to the lake.
Sami needed a spot to think.
Sami shared his own special secret with Layla.
Sami did a very foolish thing.
Sami was literally blinded by love.
Sami tried to get another job.
Sami found it very hard to get a new job.
Sami will regret that for the rest of his life.
Sami was sentenced to months in prison and years probation.
Sami was required to write letters of apology to the families of the victims.
Sami couldn't perform procedures on patients.
Sami was a medical professional.
Sami's dream was to become a medical professional.
Sami couldn't wait.
Sami pretended to be a doctor.
Sami is a faker.
Sami was caught at a hospital pretending to be a doctor.
Sami is a physician's assistant.
Sami is a doctor.
Sami oozed confidence.
Sami is charming.
Sami performed procedures on patients.
Sami was getting stitches.
Sami administered CPR to Layla.
Sami worked at the emergency room.
Sami was in the police interrogation room.
Sami began to tell his story.
Sami was just talking, talking, and talking.
Sami had no education beyond a diploma from an online high school.
Sami had no education whatsoever.
Sami had medical expertise.
Sami played a smartphone game.
Sami played a game on his smartphone.
Sami loved to talk.
Sami just sat back and kept saying "aham" while he listened to Layla.
Sami died the next day.
Sami was under the care of Layla.
Sami broke the news to Layla's husband.
Sami didn't have any contact with Layla.
Sami unwillingly unmasked himself.
Sami posed as a nurse at a Cairo hospital when he was just sixteen.
Sami wanted to learn.
Sami was a kid.
Sami stole a loaded pistol.
Sami was just a kid.
Sami went on trial.
Sami impersonated a physician assistant.
Sami looked petrified.
Sami shaved his lower region.
Sami was talking about Layla.
Sami served six months in jail.
Sami gave Layla a phone that had a camera.
Sami wanted Layla to take provocative pictures of herself.
Sami is not a real police officer.
Sami hung out with people at least twice his age.
Sami liked to joke around.
Sami didn't consider Layla a threat.
Sami was released from jail in 2016.
Sami planned to propose to Layla.
Sami's wife never wears makeup.
Sami impersonated a police officer.
Sami was chatting with Layla.
Sami is a Cairo photographer.
Sami was cyber-dating another woman.
Sami told Layla to take her gift back.
Sami found a ring in Layla's lingerie.
Sami was doing his lingerie.
Sami began to understand that.
Sami was infatuated with Layla.
Sami made lots of e-mail typos.
Sami went through treatment.
Sami found out about Layla's affair.
Sami was peeping in the windows.
Sami went out and saw a figure running off.
Sami got a bone-marrow transplant.
Sami is a handsome Mounty.
Sami didn't reveal his identity.
Sami told the kids.
Sami has just been hit by a drunk driver.
Sami read the story.
Sami desperately tried to get more information about that.
Sami posted that on his Facebook page.
Sami said he was from Cairo.
Sami saw more and more photos of Layla.
Sami uploaded the photos.
Sami apparently never had cancer.
Sami was in an apartment in Cairo.
Sami doesn't have any children.
Sami apparentlty had a sister in Egypt.
Sami is a master of deception.
Sami violated the terms of the service agreement.
Sami was deceiving Layla.
Sami has been here for six hours.
Sami was also frustrated.
Sami's house has been burglarized.
Sami asked Layla to stop.
Sami bought some groceries.
Sami was using Layla.
Sami's mother would do anything to provide for her son.
Sami was trying to help Layla out.
Sami accepted Layla's gift.
Sami Bakir was working on a very complicated homicide.
Sami was at his uncle's place.
Sami was standing in the corner.
Sami wanted to take care of his family.
Sami was the perpetrator.
Sami had about six hundred dollars.
Sami came to work.
Sami said he felt taken advantage of.
Sami bought some expensive champagne.
Sami became a concern for Layla.
Sami went to the local police.
Sami got a better lock.
Sami got a new lock.
Sami lost the job.
Sami discovered the money missing.
Sami hid the money in a drawer.
Sami's money disappeared.
Sami knew Layla since he was a kid.
Sami got rid of the evidence.
Sami has done time for bank robbery.
Sami didn't have anything against Layla.
Sami might be the one robbing Layla.
Sami drew the line.
Sami brought Layla with him.
Sami got pretty pissed off.
Sami and Layla hang out all the time.
Sami was released from prison.
Sami was employed by a movie theater.
Sami stole dollars.
Sami didn't think Layla could steal.
Sami brought a box of booze.
Sami was interviewed six times by the police.
Sami is still serving time.
Sami stayed home all day with his daughter, Layla.
Sami won a significant amount of money.
Sami is serving his time in a correctional institution.
Sami is never, ever, ever getting out of prison again.
Sami is away for life.
Sami and Layla couldn't wait for the next phase in their lives. They got married just six months after they met.
Sami was forced to take off his clothes and shoes.
Sami was herded into the parking lot where he was shot.
Sami was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Sami wanted to be a father to Layla's baby.
Sami walked through the club's parking lot.
Sami parked his car in a dark parking lot.
Sami drank too many beers.
Sami was wearing a gray hoodie.
Sami and Layla started fighting.
Sami kicked Layla in the face.
Sami was bleeding.
Sami ended up going to the hospital.
Sami started to hit Layla.
Sami was dressed in black pants and a gray hoodie.
Sami pulled a weapon.
Sami got back to the trailer park.
Sami got his notebook out and strarted taking notes.
Sami didn't respond to Layla's texts.
Sami was wearing a camouflage jacket.
Sami breathed a huge sigh of relief.
Sami came back from a wrestling match.
Sami decided to take Layla's money.
Sami didn't want to cash Layla's check.
Sami had his mother's skin tone.
Sami was texting Layla.
Sami died so young and he had so much more to give.
Sami didn't answer right away.
Sami read Layla's text message.
Sami replied to Layla's text message.
Sami and Layla were young.
Sami covered for Layla.
Sami and Layla were at the beginning of their journey.
Sami waited anxiously at the police station.
Sami logged into the university network.
Sami was still somewhere on campus.
Sami knew everything about Layla's sexual escapades.
Sami went there to pick Layla up.
Sami immediately called 911.
Sami was lifeless.
Sami's innocent face appeared on a missing poster.
Sami wanted to see his family again.
Sami was running home from school to celebrate his sixth birthday.
Sami was involved in the altercation.
Sami never walked alone.
Sami sensed he wasn't alone.
Sami went back to the trailer park.
Sami was coming towards Layla.
Sami refused to come to the door.
Sami is in the car.
Sami entered Layla's trailer.
Sami covered Layla with a blanket.
Sami shackled Layla with a chain.
Sami got much more than he bargained for.
Sami was still covered by that blanket.
Sami was found deceased on the floor.
Sami drove Layla around for hours.
Sami ate in front of Layla and gave her nothing.
Sami forced Layla to drink beer and wine.
Sami thought he would die.
Sami somehow kept calm.
Sami chose his time to escape absolutely perfectly.
Sami got out again.
Sami made a strange discovery.
Sami left his keys behind.
Sami made a wrong turn.
Sami explained how he got away.
Sami left his keys on the floor.
Sami was wrong.
Sami knew Farid could return at any moment.
Sami tried one key after another.
Sami wasn't able to communicate to law enforcement who he was or where he was from.
Sami had a lot of keys.
Sami showed Layla the photo.
Sami was numb.
Sami would never leave his daughter alone.
Sami ran for his life.
Sami checked the dumpster behind the bar.
Sami is Layla's abductor.
Sami was just a few feet away.
Sami slowed to a stop.
Sami was looking for something.
Sami is gonna try to kill Layla.
Sami was driving away.
Sami picked up the girl.
Sami spent six days with a mad man.
Sami kidnapped another girl.
Sami abducted and terrorized children.
Sami has a staggering criminal history.
Sami was once again free to do as he pleased.
Sami tore the checkbook in half.
Sami went to trial for Layla's abduction.
Sami detailed the graphic abuse.
Sami visited the cemetery.
Sami was so crazy.
Sami looked Layla straight in the eye.
Sami needed a few co-workers to assist.
Sami is not afraid of Farid anymore.
Sami didn't even know that that graveyard existed.
Sami was buried in a very secluded place.
Sami hurt Layla's family.
Sami was in trouble.
Sami has moved on.
Sami's dog started barking.
Sami is staying with us for the night.
Sami escaped his abductor.
Sami drove us back.
Sami came home from school.
Sami has been waiting in his car.
Sami's screams were horrible to hear.
Sami followed Layla into her house.
Sami searched for Layla through the night.
Sami's family waited in anguish.
Sami's mother and brother came home.
Sami was handcuffed in a box.
Sami was in the back seat.
Sami has heard that story.
Sami's dog smelt something.
Sami was held prisoner.
Sami expressed that in poetry.
Sami managed to keep his wits about him.
Sami raped Layla repeatedly.
Sami got Layla's trust.
Sami outsmarted Layla.
Sami is a child development expert.
Sami is an unusual kid.
Sami appeared he had been stabbed multiple times.
Sami's alibi was confirmed.
Sami dehumanized his victims.
Sami really didn't like Layla.
Sami was found abandoned in the woods.
Sami took off Layla's handcuffs.
Sami wanted to be a detective.
Sami's first goal was to stay alive.
Sami put the coin in his pocket.
Sami's fingerprints were on that glass.
Sami seemed very nervous.
Sami returned to work his shift.
Sami kept trying to earn Layla's trust.
Sami dropped Layla off in a secluded area.
Sami called for pizza.
Sami had Layla's phone number.
Sami got mad at Layla.
Sami couldn't handle that.
Sami probably tried to rape Layla.
Sami let Layla watch TV with him.
Sami had asthma.
Sami needed his asthma medicine.
Sami retaliated.
Sami was going to die.
Sami never explained to anyone why he had done this.
Sami decided to let Layla go.
Sami dropped Layla off on a street corner.
Sami witnessed his mother's murder.
Sami wasn't done.
Sami was able to direct the police to exactly where he had been held captive.
Sami quickly switched the subject.
Sami punched Layla in front of her daughter.
Sami was preparing to flee when the police arrived.
Sami was arrested thanks to Layla's bravery.
Sami was going to be caught.
Sami let Layla live.
Sami made the decision to let Layla live.
Sami was not sexually assaulted.
Sami's death was determined to be suicide.
Sami drank bleech.
Sami tried to cut his own throat.
Sami died from an overdose of sleeping pills that he had taken.
Sami's testimony was extremely moving.
Sami was sentenced to more than years in prison.
Sami robbed the movie theater where he worked.
Sami didn't want to think about the past.
Sami's trailer was destroyed by a hurricane.
Sami wrote in his diary using invisible ink.
Sami's house was demolished.
Sami sold Layla's trailer and moved away.
Sami is still tortured by his past.
Sami works with traumatized children.
Sami was placed with a foster family.
Sami kept doing the detective work.
Sami sees a therapist three times a week.
Sami would do this to someone else.
Sami didn't want this to happen.
Sami put some of his hair in Layla's grave.
Sami has grown up.
Sami was so shocked.
Sami shared his powerful story.
Sami became Farid's best friend.
Sami and Layla met for the first time in 2006.
Sami missed Layla's smile.
Sami was an extraordinary child.
Sami went back to ordinary life.
Sami has just been released.
Sami saw the house.
Sami was sentenced to more than sixty years.
Sami was a serial molester.
Sami admitted to killing six other girls.
Sami will die in prison.
Sami wanted to start a new life.
Sami didn't deal with it.
Sami started fighting with kids that teased him at school.
Sami was declared missing.
Sami came face to face with a terrifying truth.
Sami didn't realize that at that moment.
Sami didn't want to believe it.
Sami was just nervous.
Sami dealt with his personal pain by writing about it in his diary.
Sami made Layla feel safe.
Sami would never go outside of his house.
Sami never used drugs.
Sami underwent years of therapy.
Sami hid in his fortress of solitude.
Sami and Layla have to meet.
Sami and Layla shared a strong bond.
Sami is not going to stay here.
Sami looked forward for a career as a wedding planner.
Sami is working full-time.
Sami still finds time to volunteer at children's safety events.
Sami maintained hope.
Sami remained in prison.
Sami has moved on with his life and is doing well.
Sami was able to achieve his dreams.
Sami was murdered by a psycho.
Sami was a college student with a sense of adventure.
Sami was brutally attacked.
Sami survived that night.
Sami had to confront the past.
Sami finally moved forward.
Sami was dressed in cowboy attire.
Sami was an undergraduate at Cairo University.
Sami was discovering the country.
Sami felt immortal.
Sami did not have a lot of common sense.
Sami had no clue.
Sami went his own way.
Sami wanted to make it happen.
Sami spent a long day of biking.
Sami pitched his tent there.
Sami felt he was being watched.
Sami had a premonition.
Sami stayed there anyway.
Sami was being paranoid.
Sami slept in his tent.
Sami heard a screech.
Sami first thought it was an accident.
Sami got out of the vehicle.
Sami's pickup was stolen.
Sami turned back towards Layla.
Sami started losing consciousness.
Sami is too young to die.
Sami was standing over Layla.
Sami was meticulously dressed as a cowboy.
Sami grabbed the blade in his hands.
Sami stumbled to the road, flagging down a pickup.
Sami was frantically waving a flashlight.
Sami was covered in blood.
Sami has been attacked by something or someone.
Sami was a mad man.
Sami was somewhere in the dark.
Sami went up to the window.
Sami was messed up.
Sami likes Egyptian food.
Sami teaches Spanish literature.
Sami began moving his gravely wounded friend from the river bank.
Sami was the attacker.
Sami was coming back.
Sami believed Layla attacked him.
Sami and Layla have been brutally attacked by a man wielding an axe.
Sami's car suddenly veered off, speeding away.
Sami used some kind of hatchet to kill Layla.
Sami lost all memory of the attack due to the trauma.
Sami began to realize that.
Sami was a scared man.
Sami was doing that.
Sami buried these things for ever in his mind.
Sami tried to carry on with his life.
Sami's pursuit of his attacker was in vain.
Sami knows who did it.
Sami was Satan in Layla's eyes.
Sami would hit Layla quite often.
Sami got Layla on the ground and kicked her.
Sami stores the hatchet in his toolbox.
Sami was insane.
Sami recognized Layla's tire tracks.
Sami tried to file charges against Layla.
Sami was known as a violent young cowboy.
Sami violated a restraining order.
Sami is a former state trooper.
Sami was known for his short temper.
Sami was of interest to the police.
Sami hired Layla for various jobs.
Sami had a strange preoccupation.
Sami wanted to see Farid in the flesh.
Sami first saw Layla in 2006.
Sami refused to confront Layla.
Sami Bakir has been a meticulous investigator.
Sami said he was sorry for something I don't think he was sorry for.
Sami did an evil act.
Sami can't explain it.
Sami said he was sorry but I didn't believe that.
Sami has not changed his mind.
Sami is a parole officer.
Sami was working on an unsolved crime.
Sami said he didn't do it.
Sami had illegal drugs in his system.
I bet, tomorrow you'll find a bad bat in your bed.
Tom is a poor wretch.
He slept like a log.
Two of them were very important people.
The little man let out a frightening roar.
Bye-bye!
Where can we find an ice cream truck?
Mary's brother likes to dance.
Tom's friend likes to drink.
Mary's sister is coming tomorrow.
I would like to work in Germany.
Do you have a good memory?
How? I do not understand.
It's good, but not good enough.
It's getting even worse, I know.
It's a flower. It will become stone. What is it? Anything. Nothing.
It's not better; it's the best possible thing.
Sami tricked Layla.
Sami went on Facebook.
Sami is a dangerous predator.
Sami invited danger in.
Sami was a drug user and abuser.
Sami was instantly drawn to Layla.
Sami told Layla what was going to happen.
Sami sent Layla photos of his torso.
Sami asked Layla to send him a sexy photo.
Sami lived deep in the heart of Ontario.
Sami had just a few second left.
Sami was born in a rural community.
Sami had a love affair online.
Sami owns an auto body shop.
Sami destroyed Layla's life.
Sami was buying more used cars.
Sami has spent time here before.
Sami put Layla up temporarily.
Sami came back in the afternoon.
Sami found a more permanent place to stay.
Sami purchased a big house.
Sami threw a party in his new house.
Sami liked Layla's house.
Sami built a gorgeous house.
Sami destroyed Layla's confidence.
Sami destroyed Layla's reputation.
Sami had the key to the house.
Sami seemed very mysterious.
Sami realized Layla was a good person.
Sami didn't divulge a whole lot about himself.
Sami had no idea how Layla made her money.
Sami never saw Farid do any work.
Sami liked drawing attention.
Sami had a room that was filled with mounted animals of all types.
Sami liked being showy.
Sami doesn't know who Layla is or where she came from.
Sami had a few friends in and around Leon, Florida.
Sami wanted to settle down.
Sami didn't like talking about where he got his money.
Sami transferred money from offshore account.
Sami traveled with his dog.
Sami and Layla loved each other.
I think it's not only my problem.
Sami published naked photos of Layla on Facebook.
Sami was dominating Layla's life.
Sami considered suicide was the only option.
Sami was looking at Layla's car.
Sami was harassing Layla on the Internet.
Sami posted Layla's naked photographs on the Internet.
Sami knew he was hurting Layla.
Sami was an online predator.
Sami drove Layla's car.
Sami is doing well.
Sami was involved in a passionate affair with Layla.
Sami could no longer hide his dirty little secret.
Sami's secret was about to be exposed.
Sami found the perfect victim in Layla.
Sami was married.
Sami accepted Layla's offer.
Sami moved into Layla's mansion.
Sami had cars that needed fixing.
Sami worked as Layla's private mechanic.
Sami came to Layla.
Sami was Layla's life.
Sami was Layla's passion.
Sami doesn't fit anywhere in this crazy world.
Sami is ugly.
Sami told Layla not to tell anybody.
Sami has found his dream home.
Sami needed a place to stay.
Sami played with Layla.
Sami partied with the guys.
Sami put Layla at ease.
Sami showed Layla some relaxation exercises.
Sami knew that instantly.
Sami said he was shot.
Sami felt really uneasy.
Sami threw a chair through the window.
Sami's life couldn't be better.
Sami and Layla had an intense affair.
Sami and Layla texted and phoned each other.
Sami texted Layla every hour of every day.
Sami threatened to strangle Layla.
Sami looked kind of scary.
Sami threatened to kill Layla.
Sami wanted to be liked.
Sami wanted to continue his affair.
Sami shouldn't take this for granted.
Sami's police work put him and Layla in danger.
Sami befriended dangerous people.
Sami wanted to feel very important.
Sami struggled with a major issue: recreational drug use.
Sami said he wasn't using drugs.
Sami was concerned about Layla.
Sami broke up with his girlfriend, Layla.
Sami was looking forward to a new life with Layla.
Sami never seemed to lack for female company.
Sami agreed to leave his wife and move with Layla to Cairo.
Sami met a stewardess.
Sami had other ideas.
Sami planned to start a new life with Layla.
Sami had a habit he couldn't seem to shake: he drank a lot.
Sami transported his furniture to Cairo.
Sami was not supposed to use alcohol.
Sami made arrangements to transport his furniture to Cairo.
Sami tested positive for meth use.
Sami made a call to his trusted attorney, Layla Bakir.
Sami wanted to get a fix.
Sami was going to Cairo to spend a few days with Layla.
Sami's furniture was already on its way to Cairo.
Sami paid the fee.
Sami was going to help Layla out.
Sami and Layla began a new life together.
Sami was planning to start a new life.
Sami consistently denied having an affair with Layla.
Sami took Layla down to show her his cars.
Sami was an experienced liar.
Sami's lies got bigger and more outlandish.
Sami was involved in a drug syndicate.
Sami was well aware of it.
Sami decorated the place in his distinctive style.
Sami was furious when he heard of Layla's affair.
Sami was having an affair himself.
Sami was extremely jealous of Layla's relationship with Farid.
Sami went to see a lawyer.
Sami lived in a shipping container.
Sami loved both of them very much.
Sami killed his father and his step-father.
Sami heard all kinds of funny stories about Layla.
Sami is not telling the truth.
Sami was spending more and more time at Layla's house.
Sami's voice was filled with concern.
I have cut it into two pieces.
Sami didn't show up this morning.
Sami described Layla as a someone who was highly volatile.
Sami knocked on Layla's door and she didn't answer.
Sami kept a shotgun under his bed.
Sami asked Layla of Farid was OK.
Sami was hanging around with Farid and his group.
Sami was put in an ambulance.
Sami was searching for a date.
Sami tried to calm Layla.
Sami wanted to meet women n Cairo.
Sami was support and strength and security to Layla.
Sami hated girls with piercings.
Sami and Layla went to the office together.
Sami asked for that.
Sami had a motorcycle.
Sami had two teenage daughters.
Sami walked around like he owned the place.
Sami missed having his mother to himself.
Sami did not like his new stepfather.
Sami created many problems.
Sami's kids would challenge him.
Sami didn't know what was going on over there.
Sami was selfish and disrespectful.
Sami didn't like those girls.
You're certainly thinking it is my only problem.
Sami's stepdaughters didn't like him.
Sami was trying to be a good stepfather.
Sami was supposed to go away.
Sami was home alone.
Sami grew angry.
Sami visited a psychiatrist at a veterans' hospital.
Sami was an adult.
Sami was not going alone.
Sami can stay home alone.
Sami stayed with friends.
Sami encouraged Layla to come over.
Sami slept away the weekend.
Sami heard Layla snoring.
Sami snored like a tractor.
Sami was dying.
Sami thought he knew why.
Sami drank apricot brandy.
Sami filled a glass with antifreeze.
Sami's father died just a few weeks earlier.
Sami didn't feel happy.
Sami found that very odd.
Sami was at the mall.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy.
Sami saw droplets inside the flask.
Sami died from antifreeze.
Sami knew Layla had been drinking.
Sami Bakir was conducting an autopsy at the morgue.
Sami was crushed.
Sami's own father had died six years earlier.
Sami lost his father.
Sami was sad.
Sami told Layla he was upset.
Sami never would have done something like that.
Sami was taking medication to deal with depression.
Sami walked up to the casket.
Sami was already suspicious.
Sami said Layla killed herself with antifreeze.
Sami gave Layla a lethal doze of antifreeze.
Sami called Layla only once.
Sami found meth stashed under his bed.
Sami made a call to police.
Sami was addicted to cocaine.
Sami took his stuff when he left.
Sami saw Layla changing.
Sami found that odd.
Sami was worried enough to call an ambulance.
Sami knew he couldn't trust Layla anymore.
Sami's car suddenly disappeared.
Sami's car was parked in Layla's driveway.
Sami's behavior became more impulsive.
Sami was afraid of what Layla might do.
Sami denied it all.
Sami did everything he could to keep Layla out of trouble.
Sami violated the terms of his parole again.
Sami tarnished Layla's reputation.
Sami was supposed to show up for work.
Sami left his residence to go to work.
Sami called from a payphone.
Sami brought home two gang members.
Sami and Layla pillaged Farid's house.
Sami and Layla partied hard.
Sami's fingerprints were found on a glass.
The fingerprints matched Sami's.
Sami found a container of antifreeze in the kitchen garbage.
Sami drank out of that glass.
Sami poured a glass of antifreeze.
Sami drank out of Layla's glass.
Sami's DNA was found on the glass.
Sami wanted to kill Layla with antifreeze.
Sami used his own truck to transport his furniture.
Sami's car didn't run.
Sami can't explain that.
Sami identified himself as Farid Bakir.
Sami answered the question.
Sami's wife was the prime suspect.
Sami did not fool the police for very long.
Sami was buried in this small cemetery.
Sami died at just 36.
Sami recognized Layla's tattoo.
Sami was placed under arrest.
Sami has died from antifreeze poisoning.
Sami's death looked like a suicide but it's now being investigated as a homicide.
Sami grew facial hair in an attempt to pass for Farid.
Sami experienced his first great love.
Sami assumed that Layla's disappearance was nothing to worry about.
Sami was going to marry Layla.
Sami was larger than life.
Sami presumed that Layla was out of the country.
Sami had a problem with alcohol.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla for weeks.
Sami had a problem with both drugs and alcohol.
Sami stuck to his story.
Sami and Layla did everything together.
Sami never talked about Layla.
Sami and Layla seemed to love each other.
Sami worked for an ambulance dispatch company.
Sami and Layla were husband and wife.
Sami was considering divorce.
Sami's house was trashed.
Sami and Layla argued sometimes.
Sami started to get sick.
Sami was acting like he was drunk.
Sami did not look good.
Sami wanted to rest for a while.
Sami never made it to the doctor.
Sami pulled out a fake ID.
Sami was lying on the couch.
Sami left behind everything.
Sami found a body buried in his backyard.
Sami was locked up when the murder took place.
Sami didn't want to be involved in that.
Sami explained the situation to Layla.
Sami told Layla the truth about what happened.
Sami fired some shots and hit Layla.
Sami's body was discovered buried within a foot of the surface.
Sami confessed to police that he had shot Layla.
Sami was making funny faces.
Sami went to go get his sister from the school.
Sami allowed some of those people into his home.
Sami stayed over there until his grandmother came back.
Sami believed Layla was having an affair with Farid.
Sami was still on the couch.
Sami wanted to kick Layla out.
Sami put the gun down.
Sami was still lying on the couch.
Sami tried to dissolve Layla's body using some chemicals.
Sami got convicted.
Sami will be dearly missed.
Sami didn't deserve that.
Sami enjoyed life fully.
Sami cared about Layla.
Sami was sentenced to six years for organized crime.
Sami's home was cleaned up and sold.
Sami used some chemicals to get Layla's body to decompose quicker.
Sami stole items from Layla's home.
Sami said it was his fault that his father was dead.
Sami drank and smoked.
Sami was working for a physician.
Sami's entire family grieved.
Sami didn't see Layla cry at all.
Sami didn't cry at the funeral.
Sami didn't want to see Layla sad.
Sami paid for the funeral.
Sami took the girls to Disney World.
Sami's dad passed away.
Sami met Layla.
Sami became Layla's second husband.
Sami became stepfather to Layla's two girls.
Sami didn't kill himself.
Sami was poisoned with antifreeze.
Sami used antifreeze for murder.
I've cut it into two pieces.
I cut it into two pieces.
Sami speaks Arabic but he has a Turkish background.
Sami's will left almost everything to Layla.
Sami was about six.
Sami was Layla's only kid.
Sami welcomed Layla into his house.
Sami wasn't included in the will.
Sami was deceitful.
Sami went to the cemetery to pay his respects to Layla.
Sami had no history of heart disease.
Sami was buried in a cemetery outside Cairo.
Sami's body was exhumed.
Sami was poisoned to death with antifreeze.
Sami wasn't the only one.
Sami chose to kill himself.
Sami and Layla died six years apart.
Sami paid a visit to the house.
Sami had a bad back.
Sami's death was a suicide.
Sami was interrogated in this small room.
Sami planted flowers.
Sami was interrogated for six hours.
Sami made only one call to Layla that day.
Sami rented the house for Layla.
Sami could have murdered Layla.
Sami didn't do this.
Sami got upset.
Sami doesn't do this.
Sami was extremely nervous.
Sami was very nervous and scared.
Sami hired a lawyer.
Sami called his mother.
Sami rushed to pick up Layla from school.
Sami saw something very unusual.
Sami has had a very hard day.
Sami had one beer.
Sami drank with his underage daughter.
Sami gave Layla a glass.
Sami got sick.
Sami went to bed.
Sami gave Layla a pill.
Sami still does it.
Sami trusted his mom.
Sami bought drinks for his daugther.
Sami was carrying a large cup.
Sami drank more.
Sami went into a room.
Sami took a nap.
Sami was alive but barely breathing.
Sami was in complete shock.
Sami tried to poison his own daughter.
Sami has been poisoned with antifreeze.
Sami's backyard was meticulously maintained.
Sami loved the quiet of a small town.
Sami needed an ambulance.
Sami has taken some pills.
Sami was gasping for life.
Sami was very pleased with that.
Sami's eyes were wide open.
Sami's mouth was open.
Sami was neglecting to help.
Sami was the one who discovered Layla's body.
Sami showed up there one day.
Sami did not tolerate this kind of behavior.
Sami's behavior infuriated Layla.
Sami packed up and hit the road.
Sami didn't call right away.
Sami often stops by to visit.
Sami noticed the horrible smell, too.
Sami's house was smelling.
Sami has swallowed dozens of pills and a bottle of tequila.
Sami looked scared.
Sami didn't know what was going on.
Sami didn't know what to expect.
Sami saw Layla again.
Sami died in Layla's house.
Sami turned on the air conditioner to suck the smell outside.
Sami has decided to go and join his family in Egypt.
Sami avoided Layla.
Sami has been drinking quite a bit.
Sami wanted someone to watch over him.
Sami's daughter was dying.
Sami got in that room.
Sami started reading the note but Layla took it away from him.
Sami wrote a shocking confession.
Sami was crumbling under the pressure.
Sami blamed me.
This is her first Finnish poem collection.
I asked if Tom had agreed to do that.
I need a bit more time to decide.
Tom has figured out a way to do that.
Tom figured out a way to do that.
I actually didn't want to do that.
Tom was a bus driver for three years.
Tom has been a bus driver for three years.
I always do that in the afternoon.
I almost always do that in the afternoon.
Tom was unable to do that on his own.
I always do that when I'm nervous.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his car.
I asked for permission to do that.
I asked Tom if I could hold his hand.
I think I forgot to lock the door.
I asked Tom if he knew how to do that.
My son is being bullied at school.
I asked Tom to show me how to do that.
I agreed that we shouldn't do that.
I asked Tom to show us how to do that.
I asked if I really had to do that.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I began doing that three weeks ago.
I think I forgot to give a key to Tom.
I began doing that three years ago.
I thought Tom looked a bit overweight.
I continued doing that for a while.
I wonder how much money Tom owes Mary.
I could be the last one to do that.
I've asked Tom not to do that anymore.
I'd rather not talk about that now.
Tom tried to ignore what was going on.
I'm certainly not ready to do that.
Tom was a security guard at that time.
That was not part of the agreement.
I asked Tom how often he played tennis.
You could do that if you wanted to.
I asked Tom if I really had to do that.
Could you repeat what you just said?
I asked Tom if he was going to do that.
I always do that when I'm in Boston.
I asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I've asked Tom to show you how to do that.
I apparently didn't have to do that.
I asked Tom to tell me why he did that.
I apparently didn't need to do that.
I can do that even better than Tom can.
I apparently don't have to do that.
I can do that much better than Tom can.
I apparently don't need to do that.
Tom tried his best to make that happen.
I could be the first one to do that.
Tom was a bully when he was a teenager.
I hear you're very good at baseball.
I asked Tom how many languages he spoke.
We might get arrested if we do that.
I asked Tom if he really had to do that.
You're on your own from here on out.
I asked Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I always do that when I go to Boston.
I can do that a lot better than Tom can.
I can do that right now if I want to.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to leave.
I continued doing that for some time.
Tom tried to find out why that happened.
I could be fired if I didn't do that.
Tom wants to know why you're mad at him.
I think I should handle that for you.
Tom was a close personal friend of mine.
I'll consider it and get back to you.
Tom was a heavy smoker most of his life.
I'm looking for full-time employment.
I asked Tom how long he'd studied French.
You could be the last one to do that.
I asked Tom if I could borrow some money.
Do you always come to work this early?
I asked Tom if I could close the windows.
How long will you be away from Boston?
Tom has been fined.
Tom has been mugged.
Tom has been contacted.
Tom has been urged to do that.
Tom has been taught to do that.
Tom has been seen doing that.
Tom hasn't yet been asked not to do that again.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to do that again.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to never do that again.
Tom hasn't been contacted.
I already plan on doing that.
I already plan to do that.
I asked Tom how long he'd lived in Boston.
I asked Tom how long he had lived in Boston.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a stray dog yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a stray dog.
I asked Tom if anybody was in the classroom.
I asked Tom if anyone was in the classroom.
Tom hasn't been bitten yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten.
I believe doing would be a mistake.
I believe doing that would be a mistake.
I asked Tom if he was planning on doing that.
I asked Tom if he was planning to do that.
Tom hasn't been blacklisted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blacklisted.
I can do that and Tom can, too.
I can do that and so can Tom.
Tom hasn't been blamed for the mess yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blamed for the mess.
I believe I could do that.
I believe that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been blamed for the problem yet.
Tom hasn't yet been blamed for the problem.
I can do that better than anyone else.
I can do that better than anybody else.
I can do that faster than Tom can.
Tom hasn't been briefed about the situation yet.
Tom hasn't yet been briefed about the situation.
I can do that better than you.
I can do that way better than Tom.
Tom hasn't been brought in for questioning yet.
Tom hasn't yet been brought in for questioning.
I can do that faster than you.
I can do that faster than you can.
I'm sure I could convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure that I could convince Tom to do that.
Tom hasn't been brought to justice yet.
Tom hasn't yet been brought to justice.
I can do that way better than you can.
I can do that way better than you.
I've already told Tom I don't know how to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't know how to do that.
Tom hasn't been captured yet.
Tom hasn't yet been captured.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anybody they were planning to do that.
Tom hasn't been caught yet.
Tom hasn't yet been caught.
I need somebody to go with me.
Tom did that much better than I could've.
Tom did that a lot better than I could've.
Tom hasn't been charged with any crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet been charged with any crime.
I never claimed I could do that.
I never claimed that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been contacted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been contacted.
I think that doing would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of any crime yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of any crime.
Tom hasn't been convicted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been convicted.
I think doing would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of any wrongdoing yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of any wrongdoing.
Tom hasn't been cremated yet.
Tom hasn't yet been cremated.
I think that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom hasn't been accused of anything yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of anything.
Tom hasn't been demoted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been demoted.
Tom hasn't been accused of doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been accused of doing that.
Tom hasn't been deported yet.
Tom hasn't yet been deported.
Tom hasn't been acquitted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been acquitted.
Tom hasn't been eliminated as a suspect yet.
Tom hasn't yet been eliminated as a suspect.
I think that I could do that.
Tom hasn't been advised to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been advised to do that.
Tom hasn't been evicted yet.
Tom hasn't yet been evicted.
Tom hasn't been appointed chairman yet.
Tom hasn't yet been appointed chairman.
Tom hasn't been executed yet.
Tom hasn't yet been executed.
I'm confident that I can do it.
Tom hasn't been apprehended yet.
Tom hasn't yet been apprehended.
Tom hasn't been exonerated yet.
Tom hasn't yet been exonerated.
I'm confident that I can do that.
Tom hasn't been arrested for doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been arrested for doing that.
Tom hasn't been expelled yet.
Tom hasn't yet been expelled.
I'm planning on doing that by myself.
I'm planning to do that by myself.
Tom hasn't been asked not to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked not to do that.
Is anyone I know going to be there?
Is anybody I know going to be there?
Tom hasn't been asked to leave yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to leave.
Tom waited with everyone else.
Tom waited with everybody else.
Please remember to close the windows.
Please remember to shut the windows.
Tom hasn't been asked to resign yet.
Tom hasn't yet been asked to resign.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a kid.
Tom was a bookworm when he was a child.
Tom hasn't been badly injured yet.
Tom hasn't yet been badly injured.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary was.
Tom was a lot faster at doing that than Mary.
You can do that wherever you want.
You can do that wherever you want to.
Tom hasn't been badly wounded yet.
Tom hasn't yet been badly wounded.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a picky eater when he was a child.
You may do that anywhere you want to.
You may do that anywhere you want to do it.
Tom hasn't been beaten yet.
Tom hasn't yet been beaten.
Tom was hoping everyone would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom was hoping everybody would leave, so he could go to bed.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a rattlesnake yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom was waiting for someone to do that for him, but no one did, so he did it himself.
Tom was waiting for somebody to do that for him, but nobody did, so he did it himself.
You may do that wherever you want to.
Tom was with someone when I saw him.
Tom was with somebody when I saw him.
You should ask someone else to do that.
You should ask somebody else to do that.
Tom was working just as hard as everyone else.
Tom was working just as hard as everybody else.
Tom hasn't been bitten by a snake yet.
Tom hasn't yet been bitten by a snake.
I asked Tom if I could watch TV with him.
I apologized for doing that last week.
I asked Tom if he'd done that by himself.
I apparently shouldn't have done that.
I asked Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I asked if I really needed to do that.
I think Tom was trying to hide something.
I could easily have done that for you.
Tom said he was a little behind schedule.
I usually only do that in the evening.
Tom was a car salesman for several years.
I'm not sure yet what I'm going to do.
Tom was a teacher here, but he got fired.
You could be the first one to do that.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his bicycle.
You'll have to show me how to do that.
I asked Tom if he thought I could do that.
How long will it take you to get here?
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that today.
How long will you be out of the office?
I've already asked Tom to stop doing that.
I asked if it would be safe to do that.
I've asked Tom to teach me how to do that.
I asked why he was required to do that.
Tom was a helicopter pilot during the war.
I began doing that when I was thirteen.
Tom was a lot busier than I was last week.
I can do that much better than you can.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his umbrella.
I could do that if I put my mind to it.
I asked Tom if I could go home early today.
I think I could have that done by 2:30.
I asked Tom if he really needed to do that.
Please give my compliments to the chef.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that.
Do you always come to school this early?
I asked Tom if he thought he could do that.
I asked if it would be OK if I did that.
I asked Tom to give us more time to do that.
I can do that a lot better than you can.
I assured Tom that I'd never do that again.
I can keep doing that if you want me to.
Tom said he spent all day looking for Mary.
I admitted that I was tempted to do that.
Tom tried his best to get Mary to help him.
I asked if I really had to do that today.
Tom tried to do what he was supposed to do.
I began doing that when I was very young.
Tom tried to get Mary to agree to help him.
I don't know if I really want to do that.
Tom was a high school student at that time.
Maybe we should try a different approach.
I asked Tom if he had experience doing that.
I can do that again tomorrow if I have to.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with me.
I could force you to do that, but I won't.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with us.
I admitted that I was the one who did that.
I asked Tom to give me more time to do that.
I understand why you don't want to do that.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that again.
I'm not sure that's something I want to do.
Tom was a butcher in Boston for three years.
You're making a mountain out of a molehill.
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars.
I asked if I was really required to do that.
I asked Tom if he thought Mary could do that.
I asked if it would be dangerous to do that.
I asked Tom to tell me why he didn't do that.
I could do that for you if you wanted me to.
I asked Tom why he did that the way I did it.
This is too heavy for me to carry by myself.
I can definitely do that better than Tom can.
Tom couldn't buy a car.
I could try doing that myself.
You can call me Tom, by the way.
Aren't you cold out here?
No, I do not know your brother.
Can you give me your telephone number, please?
Do you know my wife?
My doctor is very kind.
Tom needs a cognac.
Can I try your bicycle?
Where is my ticket?
Pardon, who are you?
I don't know any of Tom's brothers.
I don't know any of Tom's brothers. I don't know any of his sisters, either.
My name is Tom. Miss Fischer is my sister.
I am a colleague of Miss Mary Fischer.
The road to success is always under construction.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.
What is the history of bread?
Bread allowed the formation of early human societies.
Tom hasn't promised me yet that he'd do that.
Tom hasn't yet promised me that he'd do that.
I saw Tom crossing the road.
I saw Tom running a red light.
My clothes got wet because it was pouring down rain.
I was supposed to be studying, but I watched TV instead.
Tom told me that we weren't supposed to be here.
I think I'm supposed to be helping Tom this afternoon.
Sami was never alone with Layla.
Sami didn't move again after that.
Sami will go home.
Sami decided to move back to Cairo.
Sami opened his door to strangers.
Sami might never be free again.
Sami could face life behind bars.
Sami is responsible.
Sami could have been the killer.
Sami had nothing to do with it.
Sami owned a quiet ranch home in Texas.
Sami has something else.
Sami's fingerprints are nowhere to be seen in this house.
Sami has been trying to reach Layla for weeks, with no luck.
Sami started to get panicky.
Sami was a caretaker who lived in a mobile home on the property of Layla Bakir.
Sami hasn't been in Layla's house for weeks.
Sami read Layla's suicide note.
Sami Bakir is one of the toughest prosecutors in New York state.
Sami's key to Layla's house doesn't work.
Sami Bakir is a psychiatrist.
Sami helped Layla finish some of the work around the ranch.
Sami sold the property.
Sami had plans to sell his Cairo home.
Sami remodeled his house to sell it.
Sami started to put a lot more money into his Cairo house.
Sami was the killer.
Sami's suitcases were missing.
Sami was born in Cairo in 1996.
Sami contemplated suicide.
Sami has spoken of suicide before.
Sami can't sing or act.
Sami liked to perform.
Sami wanted to be a dancer.
Sami took another route.
Sami misspelt certain words.
Sami was in one of Layla's films.
Sami often fought with his stepfather.
Sami really liked that.
Sami wanted to direct a film.
Sami's lawyer told the jurors that cops arrested the wrong person.
Sami's lawyer wanted to create reasonable doubt in the minds of the jurors.
Sami and Layla are the only two people who know the truth.
Sami wanted to make musicals.
Sami asked Layla about that himself.
Sami was liked by his crew.
Sami had ample time and ample opportunity to kill Layla.
Sami did not look like a film director.
Sami did not do drugs.
Sami visited Layla at the county jail.
Sami's movies developed a cult following.
Sami was suspected of the unthinkable.
Sami is convinced that he knows who really did this.
Sami was smart enough to listen to Layla's advice.
Sami has made his choice.
Sami wanted to watch the movie.
Sami tried to kill me.
Sami was my best friend, too.
Sami found himself in the middle of a real-life horror story.
Sami has grown frantic.
Sami was OK.
Sami was safe.
Sami worried about that.
Sami used Layla in almost every movie he made.
Sami and Layla married in 1976.
Sami will talk with Layla.
Sami had a tattoo on his shoulder.
Sami started a new comapny.
Sami tried his hand at a new game.
Sami knew Layla did that.
Sami and Layla were hit with devastating news.
Sami had cancer of the brain.
Sami devoted himself to Layla when she got ill.
Sami died in June of 1996.
Sami began killing at just years old.
Sami was overwhelmed by grief.
Sami shot the movie in Egypt.
Sami needed to find an actress.
Sami called Layla the killer.
Sami was trying to recover from that terrible loss.
Sami read the script.
Sami loved the script.
Sami's kids are his whole life.
Sami would have died for his kids.
Sami knows Layla.
Sami was jetting around the world.
Sami is the one who did that to Layla.
Sami packed up for the next trip.
Sami was arrested.
Sami left the gate open that night.
Sami expected Layla to come.
Sami was charged of attempted murder of his own daughter.
Sami was arrested and handcuffed.
Sami poisoned his daughter.
Sami asked me questions.
Sami used to work for the previous owner of this house.
Sami gave Layla work.
Sami paid Layla.
Sami worked a deal with Layla.
Sami didn't met Layla see her daughter.
Sami's whole body was shaking.
Sami put Layla on one of his films.
Sami hired new actors.
Sami stood outside the hospital room.
Sami wanted to kill his own daughter to save himself.
Sami called to say thanks.
Sami didn't know who did it.
Sami promised Layla a car.
Sami sided with his daughter.
Sami didn't do any of those things that they're saying that he did.
Sami won't let you down.
Sami is lucky to have made it.
Sami met Layla for the first time.
Sami is waking up.
Sami said he had a tunnel vision.
Sami quickly learned that things were not as they appeared with Layla.
Sami tried to kill his own child.
Sami spoke to his lawyer on the phone.
Sami blamed his own child for something he knew he did.
Sami was lying on the floor.
Sami didn't take any pills.
Sami could fix that quickly.
Sami was the killer all along.
Sami stayed beside his daughter in that hospital room.
Sami was all alone.
Sami told Layla that he loved her.
Sami came to admire Layla for her fantastic work and honesty.
Sami's heart was beating times a minute.
Sami was basically unresponsive.
Sami was trying to kill himself.
Sami saw Layla standing in the driveway.
Sami has been in and out of the house.
Sami offered to drink with Layla again.
Sami wanted to get drunk.
It's good, but it isn't good enough.
Sami got totally drunk.
It's good, but it's not good enough.
Sami was trying to cause friction between Farid and Layla.
Sami lost a piece of himself when he lost Layla.
Sami bought Layla drinks.
Tom is pretty good at baseball, but he's not good enough to play on our team.
Sami and Layla talked about it.
Sami was totally drunk.
Sami would never change.
Sami continued to drink it.
Sami too a drink of it.
Tom is pretty good at baseball, but he isn't good enough to play on our team.
Sami kept pushing Layla.
Sami wasn't buying any of it.
Sami retreated to his beloved Egypt.
Sami put something in a drink and gave it to Layla.
Tom wasn't a good enough player to make the team.
Sami wouldn't drink that.
Sami fixed the house up so he could sell it.
Sami read this note.
Sami didn't make eye contact with Layla.
Sami wrote the suicide note.
Sami stayed in this mobile home.
Sami fought with his stepfather.
Sami didn't have a nickname.
Sami hasn't said a word.
Sami was in a county jail.
Sami brought Layla a present.
Sami wanted to convince the jury that he didn't do that.
Sami tried to form a friendship with Layla.
Sami ordered this.
Sami is gonna kick your butt.
Sami played basketball.
Sami was angry with Layla.
Sami was in the house, too.
Sami was home alone with Layla.
Sami was treating Layla like a sister.
Sami was home.
Sami traveled for work.
Sami was secretly trying to kill his daugther.
Sami went to the room.
Sami took care of everything.
Sami slept until o'clock.
Sami gave Layla his credit card to buy some supplies.
Sami tried to shake Layla but she didn't wake up.
Sami was showing little emotion on the stand.
Sami's room needs to be replastered.
Sami started acting like the boss.
Sami killed Layla by poisoning her with antifreeze.
Sami asked Layla a perplexing question.
Sami never seemed to really get along with Layla.
Sami tried to take over the role of caretaker for the property.
Sami was typing.
Sami typed a suicide note.
Sami didn't flinch.
Sami gave Layla a deadly drink.
Sami was napping in his bedroom.
Sami was an ambulance attendant.
Sami found that normal.
Sami was supposed to know that.
Sami is guilty as hell.
Sami started to notice that.
Sami threw his bag on the table.
Sami was waiting for the verdict.
Sami has been waiting for days.
Sami was waiting outside the courtroom.
Sami started taking control of everything.
Sami placed a padlock on the door.
Sami was brought back into the courtroom.
Sami was busy reviving his movie career.
Sami filmed the movie in Egypt.
Sami was overcome.
Sami knew that I didn't do it.
Sami just finished a screenplay.
Sami can't wait to tell Layla about that.
Sami was led out of the courtroom in handcuffs.
Sami doesn't deserve to see the light of day again.
Sami poisoned both Layla and Farid.
Sami Bakir is a tough prosecutor.
Sami wanted the work redone.
Sami didn't became a victim.
Sami almost died.
Sami was heartless.
Sami worked tirelessly for six years.
Sami hasn't received any letters.
Sami was borrowing from his brother for a long time.
Sami came to his office early.
Sami had an opportunity.
Sami sounded upset.
Sami is a killer.
Sami thought Farid and Karim were buddies.
Sami's mother tried to kill him.
Sami agreed to dismiss Layla.
Sami removed Layla's name from his credit card.
Sami hates his mother.
Sami played God with people.
Sami was the one who did this.
Sami didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Sami will survive.
Sami is now surrounded by people who love him.
Sami said that a number of times.
Sami can't explain these charges.
Sami showed Layla the receipts.
Sami killed six people and tried to kill Layla.
Sami is alone.
Sami showed up for his lunch with Layla.
Sami was on the other side.
Sami is not going to give up on Layla.
Sami asked that question one more time.
Sami didn't do that.
Sami tried to kill his own daughter.
Sami left to head home.
Sami tried to get hold of his brother.
Sami didn't return.
Sami agreed to talk to Layla one more time.
Sami is not the killer.
Sami forgot the appointment with Layla.
Sami will maintain his innocence until the day he dies.
Sami said he didn't get a fair trial.
Sami is already working on an appeal.
Sami didn't return Layla's phone calls.
Sami was supposed to be back by then.
Sami wasn't allowed to ask those questions.
Sami was in the jury room.
Sami picked up the phone and called Layla.
Sami took the stand and testified.
Sami showed the picture to Layla.
Sami would not just disappear like that.
Sami didn't want to remember that.
Sami had the opportunity and the time to commit that crime.
Sami is appealing for a new trial.
Sami is years old.
Sami killed himself with antifreeze.
Sami was accused of killing Layla with antifreeze.
Sami started dug through sixteen inches of concrete.
Sami was lying on his side in a semi-fetal position.
Sami graduated, too.
Sami used to ask himself the same question.
Sami said he loved Layla very much.
Sami cried for four days.
Sami's appeals have so far been unsuccessful.
Sami wants nothing to do with Layla or her family.
Sami's life stopped.
Sami and Layla were laid to rest side by side.
Sami had a lot of new friends.
Sami claimed to be the ranch's owner.
Sami was plotting murder.
Sami was hired by Layla to look after things.
Sami's confession was caught on tape.
Sami revealed a shocking truth.
Sami was an arsonist.
Sami cashed Layla's check.
Sami was a respected leader in the community.
Sami wanted to win the lottery.
Sami was found dead, buried in his own home in Cairo.
Sami wanted to kill Layla.
Sami wanted to steal the money.
Sami moved money from one of his offshore accounts into another.
Sami was six feet under the ground.
Sami's incredible story began in Egypt.
Sami hired some workers to help out with the house renovations.
Sami lived in the outskirts of this sleepy town.
Sami got paid.
Sami's check was signed on the back.
Sami deposited two checks at the bank.
Sami was illiterate.
Sami stepped out of the phone booth.
Sami was down on his luck.
Sami's car was located in Egypt.
Sami moved from a poor house to a penthouse overnight.
Sami bought himself a brand new car.
Sami was charged with first degree homicide.
Sami didn't stick to the script.
Sami was frustrated that it ended this way.
Sami was eventually cleared of any wrongdoing.
Sami wrote the check to Layla.
Sami is a crime writer.
Sami was extradited to Canada in June.
Sami flew back to Egypt.
Sami was wearing a suit.
Sami was losing his fortune.
Sami gave money to everybody.
Sami's millions slipped away.
Sami was trying to emulate his father.
Sami wished he could go back to his old self.
Sami wished he didn't have money.
Sami was all over the news.
Sami claimed to be interested in Layla herself.
Sami claimed she wanted to write a book about Layla.
Sami checked into Layla's background.
Sami had a kind heart.
Sami asked Layla to help him out.
Sami purchased this house to be his office.
Sami asked for money all the time.
Sami was killed the same way.
Sami was going to be fired.
Sami saw Layla driving around town with Farid.
Sami came back.
Sami hired two men to dig up the bathtub.
Sami has skipped town.
Sami has simply left on his own.
Sami reached out to Layla.
Sami would like to see Layla hung.
Sami was going through some bank issues.
Sami had a proposal for Layla.
Sami was having dinner with Layla's mother when his phone rang.
Sami was in cahoots with Layla.
Sami missed Layla's love of life.
Sami bought a can of Red Bull.
Sami hid here.
Sami was a lottery winner.
Sami was pulled over by the cops.
Sami pretended to be Farid.
Sami was a victim of Layla's manipulation.
Sami put Layla to work.
Sami trapped Layla.
Sami scammed Layla.
Sami was a magnet for scammers.
Sami visited a shopping center.
Sami talked to Layla's mother.
Sami had no police experience whatsoever.
Sami was an undercover police operative.
Sami told Layla what he could do.
Sami told Layla that.
Sami paid Layla to do this.
Sami was building a good relationship with Layla.
Sami told the cops Layla was dead.
Sami's new habits led him to a terrible fate.
Sami was alive and well.
Sami heard Layla's voice.
Sami's name was not to be brought up during that conversation.
Sami called Layla just a few minutes later.
Sami was there watching.
Sami would never, ever forget it.
Sami was a bit worried about Layla.
Sami put himself in harm's way.
Sami is a drug dealer from Egypt.
Sami was weaving a tangled web.
Sami had to go check.
Sami came to mourn Layla.
Sami was dumbfounded.
Sami knew where the body was.
Sami was speaking to Layla's killer.
Sami's body is on Layla's property.
Sami might need that.
Sami gave Layla a Smith & Wesson pistol.
Sami's body was dug up on Layla's property.
Sami was still dancing.
Sami found a puddle of dried blood.
Sami tried to blame the murder on someone else.
Sami checked the place out.
Sami was the real killer.
Sami looked in the closet.
Sami threatened to kill Layla if she said anything.
Sami had an imaginary friend.
Sami has been working with the cops all along.
Sami almost vomitted.
Sami arrived almost immediately.
Sami was just horrified.
Sami was just terrified.
Sami put a bag over his head.
Sami started telling so many lies.
Sami lost his wallet.
Sami lost his life.
Sami was in custody.
Sami loved to tell jokes.
Sami took extreme calculated steps to avoid detection.
Sami has recently divorced his second wife.
Sami turned off the microphone.
Sami has reason to be upset.
Sami was Layla's first grandchild and she adored him.
Sami became a key witness.
Sami was building a relationship back with his father.
Sami wanted to know about all of Layla's exes.
Sami and Layla had a pretty weird relationship growing up.
Sami knew nothing about Layla's evil intention.
Sami buried Layla in his backyard.
Sami buried Layla on his property.
Sami instructed Layla to tell people that Farid was still alive.
Sami was confused.
Sami claimed Layla killed Farid.
Sami knew who to blame if he got caught.
Sami is done writing.
Sami made a fake phone call to Layla, pretending to be Farid.
Sami had his shirt unbuttoned a little bit more than he used to.
Sami was illiterate. He could neither read nor write.
Sami was devious and manipulative.
Sami has a sociopathic mind.
Sami is a complete idiot.
Sami still thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Sami was going through an identity crisis.
Sami still had one appeal left.
Sami was buying things to make himself appear greater than he was in real life.
Sami found that entertaining.
Sami can convince anyone of anything.
Sami only knew Layla for six months.
Sami found out about this.
Sami was hiding many secrets.
Sami was a movie producer.
Sami was Layla's biographer.
Sami was looking for love in all the wrong places.
Sami was very embarrassed when his father started seeing women.
Sami helps people out when they're in need.
Sami isn't naive.
Sami phoned an escort service and asked for one of his regular girls.
Sami possessed a firearm.
Sami was struck by Layla's beauty.
Sami accompanied Layla over to Farid's home.
Sami would never harm another human being.
Sami became very enamored with Layla.
Sami is not a mean person.
Sami dressed well.
Sami blamed Layla's bad lawyer.
Sami could adapt to whatever the situation was.
Sami made the decision not to do that.
Sami was trying to frame Layla.
Sami didn't fit that stereotype.
Sami was an easy target.
Sami had a band of killers.
Sami was enthralled with Layla.
Sami ran a brothel.
Sami was a drug dealer.
Sami is not a magician.
Sami was recording Layla.
Sami was flirting with Layla.
Sami didn't go back.
Sami's life was at stake.
Sami appreciated Layla's company.
Sami was monopolizing Layla's time and money.
Sami had to ask Layla's permission.
I asked if I really had to do that by myself.
I think I forgot to tell Tom about the party.
I can definitely do that better than you can.
I've asked Tom many times to stop doing that.
I have a doctor's appointment this afternoon.
Tom used to be a better chess player than me.
I think I could do that if you showed me how.
Tom was a bit chubby the last time I saw him.
You could do that if you put your mind to it.
Tom was a bit taller than I was at that time.
I admitted that I was the one who'd done that.
Tom was a construction worker for many years.
I tried my best, but I wasn't able to do that.
Tom was a paramedic before he went to prison.
I began doing that when I was living in Boston.
Tom was a taxi driver in Boston at that time.
I could do that farily well when I was younger.
Tom was a trombone player in the school band.
I admitted that I didn't really want to do that.
I asked Tom for something he couldn't give me.
I admitted that I was the one who had done that.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that on Monday.
I asked if I really needed to do that by myself.
I asked Tom if he'd like to do that with Mary.
I can probably do that in less than three hours.
I assured Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I confessed that I was the one who had done that.
I bet Tom thirty dollars that I could do that.
I admitted I wasn't actually the one who did that.
Tom said he spent all day trying to find Mary.
I admitted I wasn't the one who actually did that.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.
I admitted that I didn't really know how to do that.
Tom was a lot shorter than me in kindergarten.
I can probably get that done in less than three hours.
Tom was a lot taller than me when we were kids.
I could be doing that now if I didn't have to be here.
Tom was a school bus driver up until last year.
I admitted that I wasn't really interested in doing that.
I asked Tom if I could see his driver's license.
Sami was a convicted murderer.
Sami was set to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Sami was angry at Layla.
Sami played the lotto.
Sami wanted to settled down and have a real life.
Sami drove for long hours between Cairo and Aswan.
Sami was hoping for good luck.
Sami took that from Layla.
Sami is appealing that judgment.
Sami was walking around with his shirt unbuttoned.
Sami's behavior bothered Layla.
Sami lived in a tight-knit town.
Sami drove for hours.
Sami lives just miles from the Egyptian border.
Sami and Layla decided to raise a family in Cairo.
Sami became a volunteer fire fighter.
Sami was a fire chief.
Sami spent long hours at the fire station.
Sami was crying a lot.
Sami took Layla shopping.
Sami's work life got a lot more complicated.
Sami just dropped by to say hi.
Sami was investigating, too.
Sami used Layla's bathroom.
Sami didn't even sit down and relax.
Sami started the fire.
Sami wouldn't understand.
Sami's love for Layla was costing him.
Sami might be allergic to something.
Sami sensed that something was going on.
Sami wanted to harm himself.
Sami was arrested for arson.
Sami was charged with starting the fire.
Sami was at a fisherman's campground.
Sami was surprised.
Sami got rid of the dog.
Sami's strange behavior continued.
Sami shocked Layla with that question.
Sami came down here.
Sami urinated.
Sami followed Layla's footsteps in the snow.
Sami set fire to the shed.
Sami hid behind a pine tree.
Sami didn't want to part with that car.
Sami wanted to make it up to Layla.
Sami promised Layla to take her shopping.
Sami couldn't bear to part with the car.
Sami brought the gas can there.
Sami went to the back of the building.
Sami realized that Layla was falling in love with him.
Sami wanted to set the shed on fire.
Sami left his business in Cairo and move in with Layla.
Sami's newborn son was constantly crying.
Sami started a fire.
Sami drove Layla down there.
Sami hanged out with his fellow fire fighters.
Sami took us to the scene of one of those fires.
Sami minimized his crimes.
Sami has even more to reveal.
Sami was caught in 2006.
Sami was charged with setting fire to federal land.
Sami is a pyromaniac.
Sami and Layla were smiling.
Sami had a temporary adjustment disorder.
Sami's reputation was up in smoke.
Sami's yelling was just a prelude to what was going to happen later.
Sami spent six years in a federal prison.
Sami and Layla had six children all under the age of twelve.
Sami should have thought of that.
Sami is serving his sentence in a federal medical center.
Sami showed resilience.
Sami managed to survive.
Sami's dream was to visit the Amazon forest.
Sami was so concerned for Layla.
Sami served in the Egyptian navy.
Sami met some new friends.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about that.
Sami lost his son's mother and that was the part that wrought his heart.
Sami's death has really saddened Layla.
Sami was an Egyptian photographer.
Sami claimed to be a geologist.
Sami was in the deep jungle.
Sami was lying on his stomach.
Sami and Layla barely knew each other.
This is also me. Sometimes I'm so fired up that I can't think.
Sami was lying, covered in blooded with a plastic bag wrapped around his head.
Sami went into a rage and just didn't know when to stop.
Sami pressed through in the dense jungle.
Sami was not a geologist at all.
Sami was a criminal in search of gold.
Sami bought a raft.
Sami was stranded for a few days.
Sami found himself alone.
Sami was murdered in a vicious brutal attack.
Sami was in constant danger.
Sami almost drowned.
Sami's name appeared twice on the list.
Sami was dating a few girls, but nothing serious.
Sami scavenged for food.
Sami ate monkeys.
Sami wanted to keep that information just to himself.
Sami knew that that would upset Layla.
Sami had an infected wound.
Sami heard the buzzing of an engine.
Sami was with a local searching for Layla.
Sami was never found.
Sami is a motivational speaker.
Sami was a year old sailor.
Sami noticed that there was someting wrong.
Sami's killer was on the run.
Sami kept bickering.
Sami's body was found violently stabbed and bludgeoned in his home.
Sami may know what happened.
Sami was caught in a fierce storm.
Sami died in an accident.
Sami had time to let the coastguard he was having trouble.
Sami was eventually eaten by sharks.
Sami suffered a horrible wound to his leg.
Sami started to put the dots together.
Sami soon died.
Sami wrote two books about the ordeal.
Sami climbed a remote mountain in Canada.
Sami left the base camp on Saturday.
Sami slipped and fell.
Sami immediately knew he broke his leg.
Sami lowered Layla down the mountain slowly.
Sami did the same thing over and over again.
Sami tried his luck one more time.
Sami fell.
Sami knew he had to cut the rope.
Sami tried to electrocute Layla.
Sami would die, too.
Sami was executed on June 6th, 2006.
Sami couldn't see anything.
Sami tattooed vampire bite marks on his neck.
Sami spent the next six days without food or water.
Sami died alone.
Sami said Layla worshipped Satan.
Sami heard Layla call out his name.
Sami got involved with a prostitute.
Sami managed to reach civilization.
Sami got back to base camp.
Sami's killer was on the loose.
Sami turned down the volume.
Sami condemned Layla for what he had done.
Sami locked the door.
Sami was trained by the Canadians in special operations.
Sami somehow managed to make it.
Jim sympathized with the Nazis.
Sami marched for days in the desolate cold.
Sami reached out to the media.
Sami gave Layla a pair of boots.
Sami walked at night to avoid German sentries.
Sami wasn't able to see anything.
Sami stumbled across a small village.
Sami pulled off to the side of the road.
Sami was driving by.
Sami was nursed back to health.
Sami was so relieved.
Sami gave Layla some food and water.
Sami promised to return with more help.
Sami needed more men.
Sami was left alone again.
Sami amputated his toes to avoid infection.
Sami spent six days in that cave.
Sami was able to fully recover.
Sami was released.
Sami was last seen sailing with another fisherman in 2006.
Sami hurt the woman he loved.
Sami's boat was blown off course.
Sami was doing a lot of LSD at the time.
Sami was forced to dump his catch in an effort to stabilize his boat.
Sami saw snakes coming out from the hole.
Sami has drifted too far from Egypt's shore.
Sami survived by capturing fish with his bare hands.
Sami told Layla he would protect her.
Sami captured seabirds and drank their blood.
Sami was stabbing Layla.
Sami went several days without eating anything.
Sami couldn't stop it from happening.
Sami drank the milk.
Sami spent most days crying in despair.
Sami got sick from eating a seabird.
Sami passed away soon after.
Sami was alone.
Sami kept himself busy by letting his imagination run wild.
Sami visited his mother.
Sami landed on the Falkland Islands.
Sami survived days adrift on the open ocean.
Sami's men were rounded up and killed.
Sami dragged Layla's body into a closet.
Sami had dinner and went to bed.
Sami wanted to get to the safety of Switzerland.
Sami guided Layla through everything.
Sami turned Layla in.
Sami wandered for six days.
Sami loved to be on LSD.
Sami spotted a house.
Sami said Satan told him to sacrifice Layla.
Sami feared the infection on his leg would spread further.
Sami decided to amputate his big toe.
Sami had his car painted silver.
Sami's mom is distraught.
Sami dressed Layla up like a Catholic schoolgirl.
Sami sustained some physical and emotional abuse.
Sami wanted to rip Layla's head off.
Sami endured a difficult childhood.
Sami is a deceitful killer.
Sami wanted to avoid punishment.
Sami talked to the media.
Sami is a clinical psychologist.
Sami convinced Layla that he was serious.
Sami enjoyed the attention.
Sami wanted to play the victim.
Sami was trying to get away with it.
Sami is a university student.
Sami was sentenced to years to life.
Sami tried to divert suspicion.
Sami pushed Layla off the cliff.
Sami got cocky.
Sami was very easy to like.
Sami did have an affair with Layla.
Sami would help you out if you needed help.
Sami never saw a bad side to Layla.
Sami worked at the hospital as an orderly.
Sami was very chatty, often oversharing information.
Sami wasn't good at keeping secrets.
Sami moved back to Egypt to enjoy married life with his new wife.
Sami rewrote his will, adding Layla as a major beneficiary.
Sami has never seen Layla in his life.
Sami rang his mom, saying he was going camping for a night at the national park.
Sami pitched his tent right here.
Sami never went camping in his life. He hated it.
Sami left his tent at dusk to go to the toilet.
Sami was shackled to his hospital bed.
Sami admitted to Layla that he had planned to murder Farid.
Sami was still seeing Layla.
Sami was pulling the strings.
Sami committed the crime.
Sami encouraged Layla to do it.
Sami shot his roommate.
Sami and Layla never lived together.
Sami agreed to testify against Layla.
Sami pulled the trigger but Layla pulled the strings.
Sami maintained his innocence through the trial.
Sami demanded the house be solely in his name.
Sami planned it.
Mennad was appointed co-director.
Sami wanted to kill Layla and take over her estate.
Sami wasn't prosecuted on murder.
Samil failed Layla.
Sami cancelled his will.
Sami was sentenced to serve years.
Sami told Layla to cancel her will.
Sami had a fight with his daughter.
Sami's daughter was a lovely gentle person.
Sami wanted Layla to cancel her will.
Sami will spend his life in jail.
Sami and Layla started a new church in Ontario.
Sami swore to tell the truth.
Sami was a pedophile.
Sami is married to a beautiful Egyptian girl who lives in Cairo.
Sami came to save Layla.
Sami took Layla for lunch.
Sami changed his last name.
Sami's request was denied.
Sami felt very sad and disappointed at Layla.
Sami has done irreparable damage to his life.
Sami has exhausted his legal avenues.
Sami seduced one of the female guards.
Sami never preached again.
Sami has been sitting in this detention facility for six years.
Sami figured out how he would do it.
Sami snucked out of the prison in the back of a van driven by a compromised guard.
Sami is paying the consequences.
Sami got in his car and drove off.
Sami became more isolated.
Sami was really struggling.
Sami got out of prison.
Sami changed his appearance and adopted the name Farid Bakir.
Sami was like an insomniac.
Sami dug into Layla's case for a book.
Sami depended on sleeping tablets.
Tom was a pretty good basketball player in high school.
Do you always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Tom said he was hoping that Mary would do that for him.
Do you always eat lunch at the same time every day?
I asked Tom a lot of questions that he couldn't answer.
Do you have to walk to school every day?
Tom was very satisfied with the work Mary did for him.
Do you have to stay in Boston all week?
Tom was a part-time carpenter while he was in college.
Do you have more than one girlfriend?
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that by himself.
Do you get along with your coworkers?
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars from him.
Do both of you have the same opinion?
Tom was much richer than me before I won the lottery.
Do you have to do your homework now?
Tom was a junior in high school when I first met him.
Do you ever write letters in French?
Tom said he had to wait in line for over three hours.
Do you enjoy watching horror movies?
Three years ago, Tom was a better swimmer than I was.
Do you know why we have to do this?
Tom was working at his desk the last time I saw him.
Do you have the ability to do that?
Tom was very interested in sports when he was young.
Do you have to pay for everything?
Tom was a lot busier last week than he is this week.
Tom was a history teacher before he became a lawyer.
Do you have to work on Saturdays?
I bet Tom thirty dollars that Mary wouldn't do that.
Do you have to do that every day?
I asked Tom why he didn't try doing that by himself.
Do you have to be doing that now?
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were still single.
Do you have the skill to do that?
Tom tried to get Mary's attention, but he couldn't.
Do you have to go anywhere else?
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a new trumpet.
Do you have to be here tomorrow?
It looked like Tom was wearing a new pair of shoes.
I think Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
Do you get to Boston very often?
Tom was with a customer, so I didn't talk to him.
Do you often hug your children?
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was younger.
Do you have to stay home today?
Tom was a guitar teacher before he became famous.
Do you have to do that today?
Tom was a few inches shorter than Mary last year.
Do you have to do that again?
Tom thinks he's found a way to solve the problem.
Do you have an older brother?
I assured Tom that I wouldn't ever do that again.
Do you ever wear short pants?
I asked Tom if he wanted to do that this morning.
Do you always talk this much?
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that today.
Do you have lots of friends?
I asked Tom if he really thought I could do that.
Do you have a tennis racket?
I asked Tom if any of his sisters were unmarried.
Do you have to leave today?
Tom was unwilling to do what I wanted him to do.
Do you get paid to do that?
Tom thinks he's found a solution to the problem.
Do you have a snowboard?
Do you know how much Tom gets paid to do that?
Didn't you know I was hoping Tom would win?
Do you have to do this?
Do you always do what Tom asks you to do?
Do you have to be here?
Do you know how much Tom paid for that?
Do you play the drums?
Do you ever help Tom with his homework?
Don't you ever smile?
Do you have a key to Tom's apartment?
Do you have any sons?
Do you go to the same school as Tom?
Do you have a guitar?
Do you always speak French to Tom?
Do you ever tell Tom what to do?
Do you do that a lot?
Did you help Tom wash windows?
Do you have a piano?
Do you ever get mad at Tom?
Do you go out often?
Do you ever fight with Tom?
Do you have a boat?
Do you ever argue with Tom?
Do you have to help Tom?
Do you always win?
Do you cry a lot?
Do you ever call Tom?
Do you eat pork?
Do you help Tom?
Do you eat eggs?
How does a cow say?
I feel it's still not too late to act.
The fox decided to go and visit the geese.
Stand out.
If you had studied harder, you would have passed the exam.
I don't have too much money, so any food will do as long as it's cheap.
Any flower will do as long as it's pretty.
As long as you are by my side, I'm happy.
We'll be fine as long as we have money.
I can do the math as long as I have a calculator.
This is exactly what we wanted, isn't it?
If that is possible, I would like to see it.
The bank closes in three minutes. Hurry!
What is the history of the potato?
Initially, Europeans distrusted the potato and nicknamed it "the devil's apple".
The potato was an important food source for the Spanish army.
This little girl is going to cost us an arm and a leg!
Any normal person definitely does not understand such sentences. They go in one ear and out the other.
Don't touch my sauce.
She's taking an enviable position.
She ignored me for a year.
You can't make me translate.
Hurry up or we'll be late!
I'm staying at a small guesthouse.
I too am staying at the guesthouse.
We are all staying at the guesthouse.
How does she do her job?
How does he do his job?
The news annoyed her very much.
Did you know that Tom was gay?
Sami changed his name and officially became a Bakir.
Sami found work in Cairo.
Sami is now lying in a morgue.
Sami's clothes had Layla's blood on them.
Sami was high on adrenaline.
Sami turned evidence on Layla.
Sami will be dead before the day is out.
Sami was knifed twenty-six times.
Sami stabbed Layla in the throat.
Sami was ready to turn on anyone.
Sami exhauted his appeals.
Sami is serving his life sentence in Cairo.
Sami's past caught up to him.
Sami accepted his full responsibility for the gruesome murder.
Sami is in a better place than we are.
Sami never thought bad of anyone.
Sami never comes out.
Sami was smoking marijuana when he answered the door.
Sami identified himself.
Sami was arrested and offered no resistance.
Sami sat in solitary confinement.
Sami read that book.
Sami came across that passage in the Bible.
Sami needs our help.
Sami never answers the door.
Sami wanted them.
Sami is an Army sergeant.
Sami was forced to leave his family behind.
Sami is a professional people searcher.
Sami is Layla's only hope.
Sami would do what he can to help Layla get a fair trial.
Sami was persuasive.
Sami was convicted.
Sami's kids were adopted.
Sami is praying for Layla.
Sami got rid of Layla.
Sami remained convinced of Layla's guilt.
Sami admitted to himself what he had done.
Sami and Layla are both alive.
Sami will never forgive Layla.
Sami and Layla were about to be reunited.
Sami told us the story.
Sami and Layla were making plans to come together.
Sami is a professional people finder.
Sami was back.
Sami's job is to help people find their missing loved ones.
Sami didn't want anyone in his house.
Sami and Layla joined forces.
Sami owned a luxurious home.
Sami vowed to fight for Layla.
Sami did this to Layla.
Sami doesn't know who shot him.
Sami worked his way to the top.
Sami didn't see who shot him.
Sami is gonna try hard.
Sami moved to Cairo from Alexandria.
Sami is helping his father.
Sami grew up knowing his brothers only as pictures on a wall.
Sami has amassed a considerable fortune.
Sami offered children in need a place in his home.
Sami never lost hope.
Sami thought Layla could help him.
Sami felt outcast.
Sami is an investigative genealogist.
Sami made a heart-stopping revelation.
Sami met Layla when he was going through some family problems.
Sami offered to give Layla a place to stay.
Sami was looking for a place to stay.
Sami was desperately looking for someone to help him.
Sami rescued Layla from the streets of Cairo.
Sami knew Layla's family.
Sami couldn't read very well.
Sami officially adopted Layla.
Sami wanted to have a child.
Sami didn't really accept his son for what he was.
Sami wanted a son that would carry his name.
Sami bought Layla a small condo in Cairo.
Sami made a heart-warming revelation.
Sami took to his new Hollywood lifestyle.
Sami liked the Hollywood lifestyle.
Sami insisted Layla get a job.
Sami got Layla a job at the swimming pool.
Sami hired someone to do this.
Sami can't fix it.
Sami too was adopted.
Sami is putting his years of experience to help Layla.
Sami didn't understand it that way.
Sami's story began in 1966.
Sami lives half a wolrd away.
Sami had a vision for Layla of having a normal life.
Sami bought Layla hotdog cart.
Sami was driven to make his vision be reality.
Sami hoped to have Layla have her own business.
Sami didn't like to go to work.
Sami rushed Layla to the hospital in Cairo.
Sami set eyes for the first time on those two little babies.
Sami succumbed to AIDS.
Sami was proud.
Sami never recovered from the loss of his wife.
Sami lost his best friend.
Sami tried to be strong.
Sami always drank milk.
Sami opened the bottle.
Sami was worried about Layla.
Sami named his twin sons Farid and Karim.
Sami called Layla sometimes.
Sami started drinking more at that time.
Sami has got some mail from Layla.
Sami spiralled out of control.
Sami could not get his family back to Egypt.
Sami didn't have a passport.
Sami kept asking for money.
Sami has probably spent all the money by now.
Sami's letter sent Layla over the edge.
Sami kept sending Layla money.
Sami wanted to get back to Egypt and his family so badly.
Sami was hoping to be able to visit his children in Egypt.
Sami finally got to Egypt.
Sami had to leave to return to the war.
Sami and Layla went with Farid to the airport.
Sami would never fill the void that Farid left.
Sami couldn't turn around.
Sami headed for Cairo for a week.
Sami met Layla in Cairo.
Sami has saved the snapshot.
Sami could hear in Layla's voice a child-like excitement.
Sami made Layla feel so young.
Sami had no way of knowing it.
Sami was lovely to look at.
Sami thought Layla was the one.
Sami and Layla traveled.
Sami's letters kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami sent Layla many letters but they kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami vanished somewhere in Egypt, taking the children with him.
Sami worked as a machinist in a factory.
Sami was spending more and more time with Layla.
Sami tended to Layla's mention.
Sami spoke to his dad.
Sami started a family in Egypt.
Sami's shower is broken again.
Sami and Layla were enjoying themselves.
Sami was getting tired of doing that.
Sami called Layla when he needed something.
Sami did everything he could with the resources he had.
Sami remembers Layla.
Sami didn't have any compassion.
Sami was bothered by Layla's presence.
Sami and Layla had a romantic dinner.
Sami was playing the music.
Sami and Layla started butting heads together.
Sami was searching for his twins.
Sami was suspicious of Layla's interest in his father.
Sami was stationed at an army airfield.
Sami and Layla were out of each other's league.
Sami didn't think that Layla belonged in the home.
Sami married a young gay guy.
Sami is an author.
Sami showed Layla a letter that broke his heart.
Sami was abandoned by his Canadian father in Egypt.
Sami started abusing his privileges.
Sami left the dishes on the table.
Sami brought a girlfriend with him.
Sami didn't care for that.
Sami pushed his son to move permanently into the condo to alleviate the growing tension.
Sami wanted to alleviate the growing tension between his son and his second wife.
Sami had no rights.
Sami's twins have been adopted together in Egypt.
Sami got a mysterious Facebook message from Egypt from a woman who claimed to be his mother.
Sami's mansion became neglected.
Sami drops by every once in a while.
Sami pulled back the curtain on the 6-decade mystery.
Sami's house is too much for a man to clean up.
Sami trusted Layla a hundred percent.
Sami wanted to figure out his mother's identity.
Sami died in 2006.
Sami visited an adoption agency.
Sami and Farid got together and hung out.
Sami worked at the agency.
Sami brought in the mail.
Sami had twins.
Sami cooked the meals.
Sami did errands for Layla.
Sami cleaned the dishes.
Sami published his story on Facebook.
Sami has no right to access the adoption records.
Sami was a well respected man.
Sami and Layla are siblings.
Sami welcomed Layla to his house.
Sami is the twins' older brother.
Sami is married with children.
Sami resented Layla.
Sami returned from Cairo with Layla.
Sami arrived late last night.
Sami is not pleased with that.
Sami believes Layla abandoned him.
Sami went to visit Layla and her husband in person.
Sami's little sister vanished.
Sami asked his mother about his twin brothers and she told him that his father had taken them to Egypt.
Sami was disowned by his family.
Sami was pressuring Layla to get Farid out of the house.
Sami's behavior was causing tension in the relationship between his mother and his stepfather.
Sami was a mixed-race baby.
Tom doesn't believe in astrology.
When my aunt talks, all I hear is yackety-yak because I couldn't care less about her conspiracy theories!
Your company reimburses your money when you pay for business expenses out of pocket.
A kidult isn't a kid who acts like an adult; it's an adult who acts like a kid.
AI will solve it all.
Now that there's artificial intelligence, your own intelligence is irrelevant.
The ocean waves shimmer in the sunlight.
A 25-year-old man's recommended dietary allowance of iron is micro-grams.
Marie expects her husband to always roll out the red carpet for her and treat her like a celebrity.
Tom couldn't attend the seminar in Paris, so he signed up for a similar webinar online.
Patty has gender identity disorder because she's a woman who feels like a man.
I couldn't do that today.
Tom was a trucker.
I decided that I'd do that.
I ordered Tom do that.
I couldn't make you do that.
Tom was a trumpet player.
I decided to try doing that.
Tom was my violin teacher.
I've decided to sell my car.
Tom was a typical teenager.
I decided to do that instead.
I couldn't make Tom do that.
I could've done that on my own.
I ordered Tom do that for me.
I decided to do that by myself.
Tom was a typical teenage boy.
I decided to do that on my own.
Tom was a wimp in high school.
I definitely needed to do that.
Tom was able to do that as well.
I don't really like doing that.
I could stop Tom from doing that.
I won't be in Boston on Monday.
I could teach Tom how to do that.
I've decided that I'll do that.
Tom was about thirty at that time.
I couldn't force you to do that.
Tom was about thirty minutes late.
I know that I shouldn't be here.
I demanded that Tom do that for me.
I never had a chance to do that.
Tom was able to do that by himself.
I've decided to do that instead.
I could prevent Tom from doing that.
I could stop you from doing that.
I couldn't stop Tom from doing that.
I could teach you how to do that.
I decided to let Tom do that for me.
I definitely won't do that with Tom.
The coffee is for me and the tea is for you.
Tom expects to see his friend today.
Why didn't you eat lunch today?
Why did you skip lunch today?
Do you know where the train station is?
We got off the bus at the station.
We got off the bus at the train station.
They've never visited Australia.
I've never visited Australia.
Tom read his son a story.
I could probably do that alone.
I could probably do that by myself.
I could probably do that on my own.
I could probably do that without anybody's help.
I could probably do that without anyone's help.
I definitely plan on doing that.
I definitely plan to do that.
I deliberately did that.
I did that deliberately.
I denied I was the one who did that.
I denied that I was the one who did that.
I denied I was the one who wrote that letter.
I denied that I was the one who wrote that letter.
I did that as fast as I was able to.
I got out of there as fast as I could.
I got out of there as fast as I was able to.
I ran as fast as I was able to.
I think Tom was about ready to do that.
I think that Tom was about ready to do that.
I've decided to give my old bicycle to Tom.
I've decided to give Tom my old bicycle.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a kid.
Tom was a very fussy eater when he was a child.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were kids.
Tom was able to run faster than me when we were children.
Tom wasn't able to come to our party.
Tom couldn't come to our party.
We definitely plan on doing that.
We definitely plan to do that.
I decided to continue doing that.
Tom looked like he was about to cry.
I've decided to buy the blue car.
Tom and I used to be the same weight.
I decided that I wouldn't do that.
Tom was a university student in 2013.
I've decided I'll do that instead.
Tom was a very popular kid in school.
I've decided to do that by myself.
Tom was able to take care of himself.
I decided I wouldn't do that.
I would like to pay, please.
Your father is a good-looking man.
The stores are closed on Sunday.
Mary shows the old burgh to her aunt and uncle.
Mary is single and independent.
"Mary, the coffee is too strong for me." "Oh, I am sorry. Perhaps add a little milk."
Give me a kilo of tomatoes, please.
Tom shows his camera to his brother.
A dictionary is a reference book.
It would be great, if you came to live with me.
It would have been great, if you had come to live with me.
My upper left back tooth hurts.
Try to keep her occupied.
Try to keep him occupied.
Try to keep Tom occupied.
Try to keep Tom busy.
Try to keep Tom from doing that.
Try to keep Tom from leaving early.
Try to keep Tom happy.
Tom showed his camera to Mary.
I feel happiest when I'm at school.
Shattered bones and crushed flesh won't cancel your debts. One word of insight is worth ten million words of apology.
Later people will look upon us of the present just as we of the present look upon those in the past.
He always brought problems to his classmates.
Are all the passengers on board?
I feel the happiest when I'm at school.
This is not the first time you've been late.
This was the first time I lied to Mary.
You steal, you cheat and you lie.
I visited the hairdresser.
Sami is a good man on the inside.
Sami needed to make some bad decisions.
Sami is a bad match for Layla.
Sami needed to get Layla out of his life.
Sami was ready to make some changes.
Sami had a history of violence.
Sami murdered Layla and cut her baby from her womb.
Sami wanted to find his true north.
Sami believed in second chances.
Sami wore glasses.
Sami can pay the bills.
Sami enjoyed interacting with Layla.
Tom is a charlatan.
Sami already has a girlfriend.
Sami woke up to being touched.
Sami lives in this house.
Sami had some painful secrets.
Sami developed an addiction to painkillers to cope with the pain.
Sami used painkillers.
Sami's use of painkillers has taken a toll on his relationship with Layla.
Please, I would like some champagne.
That fellow over there might be the one who was ruined by the company's president.
Her parents were starting to fear she had already lost her savings.
Indiana Jones wondered if it wasn't a trap when the room became silent.
I had dreaded something even worse. I thought all the ship's crew might have died.
What's the name of this village?
Jim left Belgium to join ISIS.
Jim joined ISIS.
Jim was watching ISIS videos.
Jim claimed to be an ISIS defector.
Jim decided to leave Belgium and go and join ISIS.
Sami saw Jim get increasingly radicalized.
Jim signed up to be a suicide attacker.
Jim wanted to be an ISIS fighter.
Jim wanted to be a suicide bomber.
Jim got more and more radical.
Jim went off to Syria to join ISIS.
Jim was trying to recruit young Belgians for ISIS.
Jim was in touch with ISIS recruiters.
Jim slaughtered people at a concert in Cairo.
Jim is an ISIS terrorist.
Jim took a truck and mowed down twenty people on a busy street.
Jim appeared in an ISIS propaganda video.
Jim became a radical jihadist.
"Can you hear the silence?" "Not really. I can't hear anything."
This issue is controversial.
This topic is controversial.
Shut up.
Suicide isn't painful.
I've got a headache all of the sudden.
This restroom's toilet is clogged.
English isn't difficult.
My computer broke yesterday.
This site is useful.
It takes hours or so to go make a return so I bought some different housewares.
That sentence was wrong.
Isn't my friend Icelandic?
Are you really planning to sit in the back?
Are you really planning on sitting in the back?
I ate as quickly as I could.
I ate as quickly as I was able to.
I denied I did that.
I denied that I did that.
I denied I was the one who had done that.
I denied that I was the one who had done that.
I did that almost the same way Tom did.
I did that almost the same way that Tom did.
I did that as often as I was able to.
I did that as quickly as I was able to.
I did that as soon as I was able to.
I did that at least as well as everybody else.
I did that at least as well as everyone else.
I did that because everybody else did.
I did that because everyone else did.
I did that eventually.
I eventually did that.
I did that in front of everybody.
I did that in front of everyone.
I did that only because everybody else did.
I did that only because everyone else did.
I did that only because everybody else was doing it.
I did that only because everyone else was doing it.
I did that right, I think.
I think I did that right.
I did that the same way as Tom.
I did that the same way as Tom does.
I did that whenever I was able to.
I did that while everybody else was still sleeping.
I did that while everyone else was still asleep.
I did that while everybody else was still asleep.
I did that while everyone else was still sleeping.
I did that while Tom was still asleep.
I did that while Tom was still sleeping.
I did that while you were still asleep.
I did that while you were still sleeping.
I did that without anybody's help.
I did that without anyone's help.
I did that without consulting anybody.
I didn't tell anyone how I'd do that.
I didn't tell anybody how I'd do that.
I didn't believe anybody would actually do that.
I didn't believe anyone would actually do that.
I didn't believe anybody would do that.
I didn't believe anyone would do that.
I didn't believe anybody would really do that.
I didn't believe anyone would really do that.
I didn't do that as much last week as I usually do.
Last week, I didn't do that as much as I usually do.
I didn't do that as well as everyone expected me to.
I didn't do that as well as everybody expected me to.
I didn't have a lot of time to do that.
I didn't have much time to do that.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough time to do that.
I didn't know I didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know I had to do that by myself.
I didn't know I had to do that yesterday.
I didn't know I needed to do that today.
I didn't know that I no longer had to do that.
I didn't know that I no longer needed to do that.
I didn't know I should do that by myself.
I didn't know that I should do that by myself.
I didn't know that I should do that.
I didn't know that I shouldn't do that.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that before I got here.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that today.
I didn't know I was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that I was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know I was supposed to help Tom do that.
I didn't know I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know I wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't going to have enough time to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that by myself.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to do that today.
I didn't know I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't know I'd have to do that today.
I didn't know that I'd have to do that today.
I didn't know it was impossible to do that.
I didn't know that it was impossible to do that.
I didn't know it would be impossible to do that.
I didn't know that it would be impossible to do that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I didn't know that you were planning on doing that.
I didn't know that you were planning to do that.
I didn't know that you weren't planning on doing that.
I didn't know that you weren't planning to do that.
I didn't know Tom didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't need to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't want to do that.
I didn't know Tom had to do that by himself.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom had to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom had to do that yesterday.
I didn't know Tom needed to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom needed to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't know Tom wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to do that on Monday.
I didn't know Tom was able to do that.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
I didn't know Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know Tom would have to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom would have to do that today.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that this morning.
I didn't let anyone do that.
I didn't let anybody do that.
I didn't make anyone do that.
I didn't make anybody do that.
I didn't need anyone's permission to do that.
I didn't need anybody's permission to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary had to do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary had to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both had to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both had to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
I didn't realize both Tom and Mary should do that.
I didn't realize that both Tom and Mary should do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary both should do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary both should do that.
I didn't realize that I had to do that.
I didn't realize that I needed to do that.
I didn't realize that I should do that.
I didn't realize that I shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that I wasn't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom had to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom should do that.
I didn't realize that Tom shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that you had to do that.
I didn't realize that you needed to do that.
I didn't realize you should do that.
I didn't realize that you should do that.
I didn't realize you shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize that you shouldn't do that.
I didn't realize you weren't going to be able to do that.
I didn't realize that you weren't going to be able to do that.
I didn't say I'd do that.
I didn't say I would do that.
I didn't think anybody would actually do that.
I didn't think anyone would actually do that.
I didn't think anybody would do that.
I didn't think anyone would do that.
I didn't think anybody would get hurt.
I didn't think anyone would get hurt.
I didn't think anybody would help me.
I didn't think anyone would help me.
I didn't think anybody would really do that.
I didn't think anyone would really do that.
I don't believe anybody will do that.
I don't believe anyone will do that.
I don't have a lot of time to do that.
I don't have much time to do that.
I don't need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't plan to sit in the back.
I don't plan on sitting in the back.
I don't think I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think I need anyone's permission to do that.
I don't think that I need anybody's permission to do that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
I haven't yet apologized for doing that.
I haven't apologized for doing that yet.
I was able to do that without anybody's help.
I was able to do that without anyone's help.
I wasn't able to do that as much last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as much as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to do that as often last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to do that as often as I wanted to.
I wasn't able to play tennis as often last year as I wanted to.
Last year, I wasn't able to play tennis as often as I wanted to.
I wasn't convinced I had to do that.
I wasn't convinced I needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning on doing.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he was planning to do.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me what he had done.
I won't let anybody do that.
I'm not convinced I need to do that.
I'm not going to let anyone do that.
I'm not going to let anybody do that.
I'm not surprised Tom didn't do that.
I've been to Boston two times.
I've done that twice.
I've done that two times.
Tom denied he did that.
Tom did that as fast as he was able to.
Tom did that as often as he was able to.
Tom did that as quickly as he was able to.
Tom did that as soon as he was able to.
Tom did that whenever he was able to.
Tom didn't give Mary that.
Tom didn't give that to Mary.
Tom didn't show Mary that.
Tom didn't show that to Mary.
Tom doesn't know Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't know that Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows that Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom knows you've spent time in prison.
Tom knows that you've spent time in prison.
Tom plans to sit in the back.
Tom plans on sitting in the back.
Tom wasn't the one who gave Mary that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave that to Mary.
Tom wrote a long letter to Mary.
I've decided to do that on my own.
I couldn't talk Tom out of doing that.
I've decided to go back to Boston.
Tom was a typical high school student.
I decided to try doing that myself.
I've decided to let Tom do that for me.
I could prevent you from doing that.
Tom was able to do that better than me.
I couldn't have done that on my own.
I could do that better than Tom, I think.
I definitely didn't have to do that.
Tom was able to do that, but Mary wasn't.
I definitely didn't need to do that.
I wouldn't have done that the way Tom did.
I definitely didn't want to do that.
I've decided not to go to Boston with Tom.
I definitely won't agree to do that.
I've decided to go back to Boston with Tom.
I've decided I'll do that by myself.
I doubt if I could keep Tom from doing that.
We definitely don't have to do that.
I doubt if I could stop Tom from doing that.
We definitely don't need to do that.
Tom was a wealthy man before he got married.
We definitely don't want to do that.
Tom was about thirty years old when he died.
I could've simply refused to do that.
I couldn't make Tom do that, even if I tried.
I definitely didn't agree to do that.
I don't think I can keep Tom from doing that.
I definitely won't go swimming today.
I'm not even going to try to get Tom to do that.
I'm not even going to try to do that.
Tom was about thirty minutes behind schedule.
I could make you do that, but I won't.
Tom was a very rich man before he got married.
I could've done that if I'd wanted to.
I could stop Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I decided to try doing that by myself.
Tom was about thirty years old when he met Mary.
I definitely want to do that with you.
Tom was a very good student in elementary school.
I know that I shouldn't be doing this.
I could prevent Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
I've decided not to do that after all.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into doing that.
I've decided to try doing that myself.
I'm not even going to try talk Tom into helping us.
I couldn't have done that without help.
I'm not even going to try get Tom to do that for me.
I definitely want to do that by myself.
I'm not even going to try to get Tom to stop doing that.
I'm not even going to try to talk Tom out of doing that.
I could've done that if you'd helped me.
Tom was a university student at that time, wasn't he?
I opened the door as quietly as I could.
I could've done that, but I chose not to.
I couldn't do that without a lot of help.
I've decided I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom was about thirty years old when he moved to Boston.
I've decided to try doing that by myself.
Tom was writing at his desk when Mary entered the room.
I could probably teach you how to do that.
Tom was a very good friend until he stole my girlfirend.
I know I could've done that, but I didn't.
Tom was very sleepy and could hardly keep his eyes open.
I think it would be better not to do that.
Tom was wearing a jacket, even though it was pretty hot.
I wish I could talk you out of doing that.
I asked Tom how often he and Mary played tennis together.
I've decided not to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.
I decided I was the one who should do that.
I asked Tom how many students were still in the classroom.
I've decided to start taking piano lessons.
Tom is trying to find a place to live near where he works.
Tom was about thirty when he moved to Boston.
I've decided that I shouldn't do that anymore.
I've decided I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
I've decided that I won't go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom said he was willing to lend us three thousand dollars.
I definitely won't go shopping this morning.
Tom was a better cook than Mary was when they got married.
I was only able to do that for a short time.
Tom was a junior high school student when I first met him.
I've decided to go back to Boston by myself.
Tom was a truck driver before he became a race car driver.
I think it would be too difficult to do that.
Tom was able to speak French well enough to be understood.
I decided that I'd never try doing that again.
Tom was willing to wait, but I told him he didn't have to.
I've decided to go back to Boston next Monday.
I'm not even going to try to talk Tom into helping us do that.
I could've stopped doing that if I'd wanted to.
Tom was a junior high school student the first time I met him.
Tom wasn't able to speak French well enough to be understood.
I've decided that I'll go back to Boston by myself.
I've decided I'll go back to Boston by myself.
When are you going back to Australia?
When is Tom going back to Boston?
How was that novel you were reading last week?
What books would you suggest that I read?
Where are Tom's parents?
Whose car was that that you were driving yesterday?
Please see who is at the door.
What's Tom's sister's name?
Do you like traveling?
Don't you like fishing?
Do you and Tom often go fishing together?
When was the last time you went fishing?
How often do you go fishing?
You don't like to travel, do you?
You don't like traveling, do you?
You like traveling, don't you?
You like to travel, don't you?
I don't really enjoy traveling.
Now that I'm retired, I can travel as much as I want to.
The advertisements in the newspaper are interesting to Tom.
I hope that I will receive a rapid response.
No wonder!
I work harder than everyone else here.
With problems, Tom always turned to his father.
Tom is French.
The water evaporates.
Tom was a pretty good carpenter before he injured his hand.
I could stop you from doing that if I wanted to.
Tom was a kindergarten teacher before he became a policeman.
I couldn't do that last week because I was sick.
Tom was waiting over there for you, but I don't see him now.
I tiptoed across the room as quietly as I could.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so he didn't get killed.
I can teach you how to do that if you want me to.
I assured Tom that I'd have the report written before Monday.
I probably could've done that if I'd tried harder.
I awoke before dawn.
I was so tired that I awoke in the same position I fell asleep in.
I tried to put aside my anger and make peace.
I realized how fortunate I was and how many second chances life has given me.
He is cheap.
He's very frugal.
No one understands.
The car is not turning.
Our dog is black.
I woke up before dawn.
The dog is destroying the furniture in our house.
Tom moves a lot.
The dog is thirsty.
I remember the words to the song, but I can't remember the melody.
I gave the job to Tom.
I gave Tom the job.
The school janitor ate the frog in our classroom.
Tom has been very friendly to me.
Tom has been very friendly.
Tom asked me if I could give him a job.
I had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
French students do not dissect frogs. They eat them!
Getting a door slammed on your finger can be very painful.
My cat loves cheese.
Three of Tom's cats have died.
Someone apparently poisoned Tom's cats.
There is none left.
The big one got away.
Tom pinched Mary's butt.
When you realize that most of the food that humans eat is from grass species, you will begin to see humans as sick and feeble grass-eating hobbits instead the noble apes we should and could be.
Plants produce toxins to defend themselves from predators.
The cat and dog are curled up together by the fireplace.
The little girl sent a letter to her aunt's new kitten.
My cat cannot read Latin.
Tom bought a dog and named him Regulus.
Speaking Latin around Mary can give her the creeps.
They can't sleep.
There's too much noise outside.
The streets are swept clean every night.
Paris butcher shops look surreal in the short hours before the sun rises.
Mary loves how Tom's thick hair reluctantly parts.
Tom is a French spy.
Where's my ticket?
I'd like to work in Boston.
I hope I can find a job in Boston.
I wouldn't be able to explain it to you as well as Tom could.
I was only able to buy enough food for three days.
Tom was with his dog in the park when I saw him this morning.
I've decided that I'll never try doing that again.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary was.
Tom was a very good basketball coach, but he got fired anyway.
I could prevent you from doing that if I wanted to.
Tom was much taller than me when we were in elementary school.
I could teach you how to do that if you want me to.
Tom was about thirty years old when he started studying French.
Tom was about thirty when he started studying French.
Tom was much taller than I was when we were in elementary school.
In junior high school, Tom was a better student than Mary.
I've decided I'll never try doing that again.
Everybody was supposed to do that.
Everyone was supposed to do that.
Nobody likes to be kept waiting.
No one likes to be kept waiting.
Nobody here likes Tom much.
No one here likes Tom much.
We don't sell fruit here.
I'm not used to being spoken to that way.
Tom got scolded for being late.
You're not supposed to be smoking in here.
You're not supposed to smoke in here.
I'm tired of being treated like a kid.
I was afraid I might hurt Tom's feelings.
I was afraid that I might hurt Tom's feelings.
If I'd known that Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd known Tom was in the hospital, I'd have visited him.
If I'd left earlier, I wouldn't have missed the train.
It's time for you to get home.
It's time for us to eat lunch.
Quit treating me like a kid.
Quit treating me like a child.
Stop treating me like a kid.
Stop treating me like a child.
Please mail this letter on your way to work.
When I told Tom that I was hungry, he said he was hungry, too.
Tom gave a Christmas present to Mary.
I want to know when the meeting starts.
It's not like we are climbing Mount Everest, so stop complaining already.
Do you get the paper?
Do you want a glass of orange juice?
The exposition was very interesting.
Sami spent all that time searching.
I think you forgot something, Tom.
I don't remember her exact words.
I don't remember his exact words.
We never see each other.
I thought nothing of it at the time.
Have you no decency?
Tom splashed water in Mary's direction.
The house is made of brick.
Do you write poetry?
Do you know any magic tricks?
He is one of my dearest friends.
Tom thought that no one knew what he was doing.
Tom thought that nobody knew what he was doing.
Tom thought nobody knew what he was doing.
Tom thought no one knew what he was doing.
Tom pretended that he didn't see Mary.
Tom pretended that he didn't know what was happening.
Tom pretended that he didn't know what was going on.
Tom knows Mary is with John.
Tom knows that Mary is with John.
Tom knew that Mary was with John.
Tom doesn't seem to know a lot about Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Mary.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Mary.
I'm not as young as Tom is.
I'm not as worried as Tom.
I'm not as worried as Tom is.
I'm not as tired as Tom.
I'm not as tired as Tom is.
I'm not as stupid as Tom.
I'm not as stupid as Tom is.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom.
I'm not as stubborn as Tom is.
I'm not as old as Tom.
I'm not as old as Tom is.
I'm not as lazy as Tom.
I'm not as lazy as Tom is.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom.
I'm not as good at speaking French as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing the trombone as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing tennis as Tom is.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom.
I'm not as good at playing chess as Tom is.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom.
I'm not as good at doing that as Tom is.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know what to do.
I wasn't surprised Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware that Tom was in the room.
I wasn't aware Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware that Tom was doing that.
I wasn't aware Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom should do that.
I wasn't aware Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom needed to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom had done that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't want me there.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware Tom did that.
I wasn't aware that Tom did that.
I wasn't aware Tom couldn't do that.
I wasn't aware Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom could do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't yet done that.
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't done that yet.
I wasn't aware I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I wasn't aware I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I was supposed to do that.
I wasn't aware I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware that I shouldn't do that.
I wasn't aware I should do that.
I wasn't aware that I should do that.
I wasn't aware I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware that I needed to do that.
I wasn't aware I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware that I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't aware I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that I didn't have to do that.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom.
I wasn't as lucky as Tom was.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom was.
I was just as surprised as Tom.
I didn't know Tom was in the room.
I didn't know that Tom was in the room.
I didn't know Tom didn't want me there.
I didn't know that Tom didn't want me there.
I didn't know I wasn't going to be allowed to do that.
I didn't know that I wasn't going to be allowed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary both want to learn how to do that.
I wasn't bored.
Tom has a key.
I did that here.
Tom cashed the check.
I did that a lot.
Tom let Mary do that.
I wasn't annoyed.
I wasn't jealous.
I wasn't afraid of Tom.
I wasn't seasick.
Tom managed to do that.
I did that for us.
Tom saw Mary fall down.
I did that for free.
I didn't do that. Tom did.
I wasn't busy today.
I didn't make Tom do that.
I wasn't frightened.
I wasn't listening to Tom.
I did that at school.
This Japanese garden is beautiful.
Tom wasn't at the concert.
I did that in Boston.
I wasn't as mad as Tom was.
I did that in school.
I wasn't worried about Tom.
I did that willingly.
I wasn't intoxicated.
I did that for Tom for free.
I wasn't ready to go.
I wasn't as busy as Tom was.
I wasn't very sleepy.
This time for sure.
Why doesn't someone pick this garbage up?
Can you pick up after your dog?
Do you have a sleeping bag?
Why do spend so much time in the bookstore?
Whatcha doin'?
Didn't you read this book?
It'll be more for you.
The dog twisted out my grip.
Can't you walk the dog?
I can't see the TV. Move!
When can we return?
What's the weather for the weekend?
Any plans tonight?
I lost your sunglasses.
Can I have some butter?
How long ago did you hit your head?
Do you have a calculator?
Do you want me to make copies?
Do you want a slice?
I was on the brink of buying the new car, but something inside told me to not trust the salesman.
When are you going to apologize?
You've created a hostile environment.
You're a bitter person.
You've always been mad.
When are you going to apologize to Tom?
He purchased land with a good view for building his house.
Why do you watch television all afternoon?
My father leaves for the United States next Wednesday.
We need to have a lot of money for a good life.
Tom's friend is very beautiful, isn't she?
Shush! It's a secret.
Why's it always so cold in here?
Tell me why?
Thank goodness it's Friday.
Tom opened a new restaurant.
Mary, where are my boots?
Should I buy you a comic book?
If you're sick, please rest.
I felt lightheaded when I stood up.
I had a panic attack and my blood sugar was low.
My glucose was low and I felt punch drunk.
I thought being 'punch drunk' meant operating a punch press too long, not being punched in the head too many times.
As a child, Tom knew more about manufacturing than most without ever stepping foot in a factory.
My new socks feel wonderfully soft.
What is the source of your anxiety?
This fits like a mitten, not a glove, because it is a mitten.
Do you have mittens?
You can borrow Mary's mittens.
Mary's lost her mittens.
Your fat cat lives in two postal codes.
You fell down the cellar steps, didn't you?
You're not pregnant, are you?
You're not thinking of enlisting, are you?
Tom's a jerk, isn't he?
Tom stole my mother's booze.
Tom got Mary pregnant.
I want a kitten.
The kitten died.
Don't let the cat out.
Are your cats indoor cats or do you let them out?
I think declawing cats is cruel.
I wasn't as careless as Tom.
I've done that a lot.
It was fun talking with Tom.
I did that all myself.
Tom always sits in the back.
I did that last night.
Tom thinks he got a bargain.
I did that to survive.
Tom wrote a book about that.
I didn't dare do that.
The cat is destroying this couch.
All revolutions trace back to the potato.
All revolutionaries live on coffee and potatoes.
I wasn't as bored as Tom was.
I didn't do that well.
Tom always sits in the front.
I wasn't very nervous.
Tom asked God to forgive him.
I did that all morning.
Tom didn't go to the concert.
I did that incorrectly.
Tom didn't go to the meeting.
I didn't do that right.
Do you have a calculator I could borrow?
Do you have a calculator that I could borrow?
May I borrow your calculator?
Do you have an umbrella that I could borrow?
May I dream? Am I in the land of Oz?
I'd rather go skiing than skating.
Tom has been living in Boston since last October.
Tom left some books for you on that table over there.
Tom rolled up his sleeves and started working.
Tom rolled up his sleeves before he started washing the dishes.
Why do we fear death?
Mary can't cook as well as her mother can.
I don't think what Tom said is true.
I thought that Tom would be able to help you.
It is foolish to fear what you cannot avoid.
You were sent here to spy on us!
Always say "Please," "Thank you," "Excuse me," and "You're welcome."
Don't forget to say "Thank you."
Can you please say please?
Mary borrowed her friend's dress, but forgot to return it.
Why do people shake hands?
Do you want pizza or not?
Tom called Mary from the hotel.
Tom called Mary from the hotel phone.
Tom speaks perfect German.
What are you hiding behind your back?
"What are you hiding behind your back?" "Nothing."
Tom speaks Italian perfectly.
I assure you, everything's fine.
Are you sure everything is okay?
Fine. Believe whatever you want.
I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.
The bus driver fell asleep and the bus crashed into the junkyard. Thankfully, no one was hurt.
I've printed out a two-page policy document.
You understand our policy, don't you?
You remember Mary's homemade stews, don't you?
You're not wearing enough eye shadow.
This is your first doughnut, isn't it?
Tom works in the tallest building in the city.
People are changing continuously.
This looks right.
Don't let the baby play with coins.
You will learn a lot here.
What is he really like underneath his shell?
The cat is throwing up.
The dog ate chocolate, which is poisonous to dogs.
After learning a second language, Tom began to second guess prepositions in his own tongue.
The dog suddenly became friendly.
I spent the evening in a bookstore.
I stopped for a hamburger on the way home.
I opened the shutters.
The morning light is increasing.
Almost every night clouds develop over the ocean and move inland.
I need to get another few hours of sleep.
Eating a huge plate of pancakes is probably more dangerous than smoking.
Flour is ground grass seed. Apes didn't evolve to eat grass.
"Give them to me!" said Mary, taking the binoculars from Tom.
Mary's doctor gave her a clean bill of health.
Tom's doctor gave him a clean bill of health.
Tom miraculously beat the odds.
Tom miraculously beat the odds and went into complete remission.
I feel malnourished.
Tom got involved in politics again.
My foot itches.
The little dog bit and chewed on his front paws.
The dog pees and poops on pads if his owners can't walk him.
Regulus, the dog, waited for the exact moment to escape from his evil owner.
Regulus, the dog, lectured the new dog cadets on the history of cat warfare.
Here, let me wipe down this table.
Do you want a water cup?
These pancakes are awful.
The kitten loves the dog's tail.
There are several forces at work.
We're going to a church picnic.
Tom loved his aunt Mary and her delicious potato salad.
Laurie is sick.
We are greedy.
Merry Christmas, Tatoeba!
My daughter is blind.
Every morning she reads the newspaper.
There are accidents in the streets.
They do not know what they will do.
Uncle Tom, will you tell me a bedtime story?
The question is: how badly do you want diarrhea? Otherwise, let's go eat there.
Tom is a man of science.
There is a comment card left at each table in the cafe. Replenishing? I need massive amounts of coffee just to breathe!
Just give me the coffee pot and you take my mug.
I am a foreigner in my own land. What to call the multitude of grass-eating apes? They are friendly, though.
Tom's new coffee shop is called "Les Abus". He writes the customer's orders on their forehead with a permanent maker and he makes fun of their bodies, but not their face.
Tom and Mary met in a warehouse club, got married, and now weigh over three hundred pounds each.
It's so beautiful there.
The storyline is disjointed.
Tom has a tremendous vocabulary.
Tom was unkind to his sister.
Tom was weary.
Tom called Mary on a walkie talkie.
There are parts of this culture that you will never understand unless you live here.
In matters of security, it is Tom who is responsible.
Tom moves often.
Mary got married to a German.
Mary is married to a German.
Can I have a tiny bit?
I get it now, or do I?
Can you pick up this box?
We have to go back soon.
What'll you do first?
I don't want any.
Don't give me any.
Give these to her.
Pick this up and go over there.
Just give it to me!
When do you go?
Can't you make it this year?
When was your first day?
Why did he go?
He didn't come back because he knows.
Does he know her?
Does she know him?
I think she will like this.
What good can come from this?
Can you make some more?
At the time, I didn't know.
Can you find any?
Where can I get some?
I don't like most of these.
They don't know.
It was time to go back.
They have more of them.
Why can't you come home?
Can you make time?
This isn't good for her.
I'll take two.
These look good.
They deliver for free.
She took all the good ones.
There are more.
I don't see any.
I didn't know she was back.
He just left, but he'll be back.
I bought her a goldfish and a bowl.
Tom had a heroic bout of diarrhea last night, but he survived.
Which two do you like the best?
Don't give the dog any.
It's none of her business.
That'll teach 'em.
She's agitated.
They live in the fashion world.
My friend lives on the third floor.
Who is responsible for this question?
Tom wants us to examine his case.
The baseboards of this wall are detaching.
He rested his forearms on the armrests of the armchair.
The eighth one is missing.
I'm starting to dislike a certain well-known company because of their blatant greed and disrespect for the customer.
I'm getting hungry again.
It's a conspiracy of epic proportions.
Tom has never been in my car.
I wasn't so busy today.
Tom opened the door and left.
I've hurt myself again.
Tom wants to sit in the back.
We have to be vigilant.
I did that without Tom's help.
I did that all day long.
I spoke with Tom on the phone.
I did that the easy way.
I wasn't much busier than Tom.
I did that the hard way.
Tom couldn't wait to see Mary.
I purposely didn't do that.
Tom told Mary to stop the car.
I wasn't ready to leave.
Tom wants to sit in the front.
I did that all last week.
I didn't permit Tom to do that.
I did that the wrong way.
I wasn't as careful as Tom was.
I didn't do that in 2013.
I wasn't as nervous as Tom was.
I don't enjoy being here.
I've known Tom for a few years.
I never liked doing that.
Tom did that as he was told to.
I think I did that wrong.
Tom doesn't even know I'm here.
I wasn't enjoying myself.
Tom hired Mary to cook for him.
I wasn't very busy today.
I wasn't as confused as Tom was.
I wasn't willing to help.
I won't tell Tom why I did that.
Let's relax a little bit.
I'm not as optimistic as Tom is.
I'm not as particular as Tom is.
Tom and Mary are having a party.
I did that a lot of times.
Tom is making a fool of himself.
I did that here yesterday.
Tom took all the money Mary had.
I don't expect to be paid.
Tom will be sitting in the back.
I wasn't as busy as usual.
I did that and Tom did that, too.
I did that and Tom did that as well.
I wasn't eager to do that.
What did those two men want from you?
I'm not as claustrophobic as Tom.
I've injured myself again.
Tom couldn't wait to go see Mary.
I did that against my will.
Tom doesn't even know we're here.
I did that for a few years.
Tom doesn't even know where I am.
What do you think she'll say?
Why didn't they know?
I do not know what he had done.
Water irrigates the land.
Tom is an evil person.
Where is Tom's paperwork?
Everyone has a story.
Tom misses Mary deeply.
This guy is an absolute genius.
My ankle itches.
Tom's hair went flat with the humidity.
Was that really gluten free?
The truth will be known.
Don't steal honey from bees!
How do you use this?
I like overhearing conspiracy theories at restaurants.
Are you going to give these away?
Won't you be lonely?
Why'd you stand there without saluting?
She called the campus police.
There was a large flood in the basement.
The church is closed for repairs.
Hello, my treasure.
The mother tongue is an irreplaceable treasure.
A loyal friend is a real treasure.
This treasure is fabulous.
It's a treasure.
Snowy is Tintin's dog.
Mary was the first to descend from the ship.
It's getting dark. Let's set up the camp.
Put that spy in the dungeon.
Do you want to see my kitten?
The kitten plays with the ball.
I like kittens a lot.
I really like kittens.
My mother has a lot of work.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
I understand. Many thanks.
I understand. Thank you very much.
He can prosper a lot.
You disturb me a lot.
The cat laps his milk.
Do you want a cup of milk?
Milk invigorates tired men.
The cows give us good milk.
Could I have a glass of milk?
I drink coffee with milk.
Oh, I forgot to buy milk.
Milk is more nourishing than wine.
After his father died, Tom started drinking heavily.
I cannot eat milk chocolate.
I try to always drink milk with breakfast.
The farmer has a large amount of land.
A farmer between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
After his father's death, Tom started drinking heavily.
Where were you, Tom?
What Tom told us isn't very likely to be true.
Tom would like to see you there.
Tom would like to see the Eiffel Tower.
Tom will probably come to see us tomorrow.
Tom was very happy with the shoes you bought for him.
Tom was thrown in jail.
Tom took me home.
Tom stayed at home because he's sick.
Tom saw what was happening and didn't say anything.
Tom refuses to eat.
Tom phoned from a neighbor's house.
Tom knows how to handle horses.
Tom isn't yet as tall as his father.
Tom is richer than he seems.
Tom is bedridden.
Tom hasn't eaten anything for three days.
Tom has had a toothache for three days.
Tom has ended up in jail.
Tom has already seen us.
Tom had to face the facts.
Tom couldn't even write his name.
Tom can't move his right arm.
Tom and Mary are absent today.
Sami was lured back to Cairo by Layla.
Sami has issues.
Sami was there when his mother committed suicide.
Sami got older.
Tom plans to spend a few days in Boston.
Tom has to go back home.
Tom has been sitting in front of his computer all day.
Tom can't change anything.
Tom won't be able to change anything.
Tom wasn't able to change anything.
Tom ran to get a doctor.
Tom hasn't been here for a long time.
Tom and Mary are very similar to each other.
Tom spends a lot of time in the garden.
Tom has longer legs than Mary.
Tom is smaller than Mary, but he runs faster than she does.
Tom claims that he saw the accident.
Tom gets a good salary.
Tom sometimes speaks too fast.
Tom finally arrived at 2:30.
I'm sorry, Tom has already gone.
Don't worry, we can count on Tom.
It took Tom a lot of time to find a parking space.
Yes, Tom, you're probably right.
Tom rents a house with three bedrooms.
Tom has a large balcony with a great view.
Tom bought a house with a magnificent view of the sea.
Tom has a suitcase full of money.
Tom and Mary have a vacation home in Florida.
Tom is sitting in the garden, reading the newspaper.
Why are you wearing a tuxedo?
Tom has been unemployed for a long time.
We shouldn't help Tom anymore.
We shouldn't have helped Tom.
Tom doesn't have a suitcase, so he borrowed mine.
The coat Tom wanted was too expensive. That's why he didn't buy it.
Tom said he won't buy that jacket, because it's too expensive.
Tom knows I can't come today.
Mary and Tom go to high school.
Tom has to buy a book. That's why he's going to the bookstore.
How did Tom guess the answer?
This is automagical to me.
Sami felt a little bit awkward.
Sami told us a crazy story.
Sami was a little bit nervous.
Sami was trying to get attention.
Tom's parents are going to Australia.
Tom went to Mary's place.
Tom wants to play with his friends outside.
Tom said he doesn't know exactly what time he's going to get here.
Tom likes to play tennis early in the morning.
Tom likes to eat ice cream with a small spoon.
Tom is at Mary's.
Tom goes to high school.
Tom crawled under the table.
Tom and Mary are outside. They're playing badminton.
Tom and Mary always talk to each other in French.
This is the first time that I've ever disagreed with Tom.
Sami hasn't seen many videos on that.
Sami gave Layla some advice for sex.
Why would Tom lie about something like that?
Tom worked all day.
Tom has lived in Boston for thirty years, but he still doesn't seem to know the city well.
This is a picture of Tom and his cat.
I'm going to Tom's house this evening.
I was at Tom's place yesterday.
I don't think Tom wants to go swimming with me.
Fortunately, today Tom is much better than he was yesterday.
Tom is more talented than Mary.
What happened yesterday?
Tom was smoking his pipe.
I think Tom has finally fallen asleep.
Tom is a very talented painter.
Tom and Mary traveled around the world for a year.
Tom didn't want Mary to take care of him.
Tom was a heavy smoker.
Tom was a car salesman.
Tom never forgets anything.
Tom died last Monday evening.
Tom said he wants to borrow some money.
Tom tried to translate a book into French.
Tom hid behind the curtain.
Tom doesn't have the necessary qualifications for this job.
Tom has lost more than thirty kilograms.
Tom didn't pay any attention to Mary.
Tom has a rabbit.
Tom probably bought that with the money his father gave him.
Sami lost his meal ticket.
Sami lost the affection of his wife.
Sami didn't resist arrest.
Sami was on his knees.
Sami gave detectives a shocking answer.
Sami is a religious man.
Sami had a lovely wife.
Are you getting out of the chair or not?
Sami has a wealthy papa.
Sami fell off his horse.
Sami was out, riding.
Sami had a passion for horses.
Sami sold drugs on the street.
Sami and Layla went camping.
Sami is haunted by a terrible moment in his past.
Sami looked into the dead eyes of Layla.
Educated people tend to have fewer children.
Around the world, girls face complex physical, cultural, and financial barriers in accessing education.
Educating girls can transform lives, families, communities, and entire countries. When girls are educated, they lead healthier and more productive lives. They gain the skills, knowledge, and confidence to break the cycle of poverty and help strengthen their societies. It’s time to Let Girls Learn.
Almost 60% of illiterate youth are female.
Access to books is a critical part of learning to read.
The challenge of ensuring every child has access to high-quality books and reading materials is not one that any single institution can meet alone.
The Global Book Alliance is a partnership of donor agencies, multilateral institutions, and civil society organizations that are committed to bringing books to every child in the world by 2030.
Things that can't go on forever, don't.
Permaculture (permanent agriculture) is the practical conscious design and maintenance of agriculturally productive ecosystems which have the diversity, stability, and resilience of natural ecosystems. It is the harmonious integration of landscape and people providing their food, energy, shelter, and other material and non-material needs in a sustainable way.
What you love is always beautiful.
How to say "please" in Wolof?
How do you say "please" in Wolof?
Noble apes, I call on you not to buy cheese puffs!
Tom is looking forward to retirement.
Tom has not saved anything for retirement.
Tom is worried that he won't have enough money to retire comfortably.
It's a sad day when William Shattner makes a guest appearance in your dreams.
This fridge comes with an ice-maker.
Tom has a pension.
What would happen if Scooby Doo and Tintin worked together?
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but no one wants to die.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Tom likes technology.
Let me push the button.
The washing machine was one of the greatest inventions of all time.
Washing laundry by hand is hard and time-consuming.
Since he was married, Tom has become chubby.
As a child, I was chubby.
You are plump.
You are chubby.
Can I push the button?
I have five cats.
The battery was no longer working.
We need new batteries.
The battery needs to be recharged.
Where did I put my battery pack?
Unfortunately, I cannot find the battery for my camera.
We are what we eat.
When couples hold hands, their brainwaves synchronize.
The US Navy apologized after one of its pilots drew a giant penis in the sky using the contrails of his aircraft.
Wild beavers are returning to England after a five hundred year absence.
We are what we do.
This store will no longer give plastic bags to its customers.
The plastic surgeon succeeded in reconstructing the hand of a patient after several long and delicate operations.
The French do not eat enough fiber.
We replaced all incandescent lightbulbs with new energy-saving lightbulbs.
This botanist specializes in carnivorous plants.
Brazil is a developing country.
The mother beat her daughter, because she was drunk.
Cook the potatoes!
I wash the potatoes.
You wash the potatoes.
The Southern Hemisphere is comprised mainly of oceans.
Reunion Island is an island in the western Indian Ocean.
Before transport, a layer of plastic was wrapped around the package.
Brr! I'm freezing!
I have nothing in my pockets.
I use the internet professionally.
Tom closed his eyes during the scary parts of the movie.
Would you put in a word for me?
Tom tickled Mary.
I love sandwiches with liverwurst.
Tom continued to tickle her.
Do you want me to tell you what causes that?
Tom tickled Mary until she squealed.
Mary tickled her little brother.
Tomorrow I must tell her the truth.
Tom peeped over Mary's shoulder to see what the secret ingredient was.
You look a bit tense.
Would you like a shoulder massage?
No one has ever spoken to me like this.
No one had ever spoken to me like this.
Mary looked sensational.
I've put my career on the line for you.
Tom squealed with laughter.
Mary squealed with laughter.
He tickled her ribs.
They tickled each other.
Are you still tense?
I'm sorry. I should have been more careful.
Tom died of his injuries.
This is a serious accusation.
We can't stand by and do nothing.
He's obviously lying!
She's obviously lying!
I think we made a wrong turn.
I think we made a wrong turn somewhere.
Playing basketball won't make you taller.
Correlation doesn't equal causation.
Tom is addicted to chocolate cookies.
I like food too much.
Tom has diabetes.
Tom is prediabetic.
Tom burned the cookies.
So, how are you and Tom getting along?
Tom is a specialist in marine mammals.
I like this chair.
The siege of the fortress lasted a long time.
My hamstrings are very tight.
Tom has tight hamstrings.
Tom has a herniated disc.
Tom got up in the middle of the night for a midnight snack.
Tom is obese.
Tom needs to be paid.
I'm not bored.
Tom needs to be found.
I'm not shocked.
Tom needs to be located.
I'm not so busy.
Tom needs to be trained.
I'm not depressed.
Tom needs to be informed.
I'm not a bit angry.
Tom needs to be notified.
I'm very happy today.
Tom needs to be replaced.
I was surprised to see Tom.
I'm not tired tonight.
I didn't like Tom's cooking.
I'm not very impressed.
I don't mind if Tom is late.
Why can't we swim here?
I told Tom I had to do that.
I'm not very busy today.
Tom needs to be transferred.
I'm not willing to help.
I don't know what Tom needed.
When can we go swimming?
I don't mind waiting for Tom.
I don't think so, either.
I told Tom he had to do that.
I wasn't scared at first.
Tom is hoping he'll be hired.
I'm not at all concerned.
I didn't know what Tom needed.
I didn't do that properly.
I didn't mind waiting for Tom.
I'm not totally convinced.
I wasn't surprised to see Tom.
Who told you I could swim?
Tom and Mary are swimming now.
I did that for a long time.
Tom needs to be given a raise.
I did that for three weeks.
Tom needs to be told the truth.
I did that for three years.
I don't enjoy talking with Tom.
I did that late last night.
I told Tom I needed to do that.
I did that single-handedly.
I told Tom I wanted to do that.
I did that wrong last time.
Obesity is the leading cause of preventable death after smoking.
I don't want to take the blame for this.
I'm not taking the blame for this.
Tom vomited.
Tom is in a strange mood today.
I'm in a strange mood today.
How are things going at school?
How are things going at the office?
How are things going at home?
She confided in him.
He confided in him.
He confided in her.
Tom had his arm around her.
He said I was pretty.
Mary seemed to take a liking to him.
Tom seemed to take a liking to her.
They looked forward to seeing each other.
The crows make their nest.
The donkeys are gray.
Tonight we will eat grilled eels.
Cod-liver oil contains vitamin D.
These heirloom tomatoes are very tasty.
That's just what was missing!
We need your advice.
Tom longs for Mary.
I forgot to call.
I see cold ice.
I go to the garden.
This is a fertile garden.
Tom telephoned his friend.
In Germany, we have always paid with travelers checks.
Mary bought butter, bread, and cheese.
I have bought nothing in particular.
Which books do you like to read most?
Do you need glasses to read?
What do you like to eat most?
Pour me a bit more wine, please!
The phone bill was very high this month.
Are you happy to go to Germany?
Are you a baker?
We like to travel.
She is a journalist.
What bad weather!
You called.
We passed by.
Here's to the holidays!
I am a secretary.
I detest that!
I dislike that!
I hate that!
We have to leave!
We must leave!
You're funny!
Tom is a crane operator.
What are we drinking?
Mary will watch Tom.
Tom must work.
Watch me do it!
Where is my key?
I will buy the tickets.
Heavens, I'm lost!
You are really incorrigible!
You are hopeless!
These are all my occupations!
He opens the letter.
I believe it too.
I would like to be a veterinarian.
Give me the headphones.
Are you hungry too?
She makes noise.
I leave the day after tomorrow.
With all my love.
Your city is beautiful.
What salary do you offer?
We live in France.
I can walk alone.
I wish it wholeheartedly.
Mary goes to the supermarket.
Tom goes to Mary's home.
Wednesday I am free.
The bakery is closed.
The butcher shop is closed.
The pastry shop is open.
My boss is cute.
Where is my guitar?
Where is my saxophone?
You will eat an apple.
They will sing a song.
Welcome to our city!
Do you know this woman?
Do you like to drink beer?
Where is the wheelbarrow?
Is it your son?
We have lived a lot.
Why am I alone?
Why are you depressed?
I detest the noise.
Now I have to rest.
Listening is an art form in itself.
You want a beautiful horse.
The store is well stocked.
She doesn't stop talking.
Hi, Tom, where are you going?
It may look ridiculous.
Keep your hands on the car!
The mason builds the house.
Yesterday, I was at Tom's house.
You've lost your head!
They walk on the street.
Why are you selling this furniture?
The boys eat bread.
The waiter recommended this dish.
The speaker can talk quickly.
I am not responsible.
Have you seen my magazine?
We have lived a full life.
They're only deceiving themselves.
You're only deceiving yourselves.
Coffee, meat, potatoes, fruit, nuts, cheese, and a book. What more do you need?
Sami was hit on the head with a hammer.
Sami washed his sheets.
Sami followed Layla on Twitter.
Sami is not very comfortable talking about this.
Since he's a famous actor, this won't end up as a simple family matter. To the contrary, I'm sure it will become a major scandal.
Sami turned sixteen.
The stupidity of these guys just baffles me.
Sami took his clothes off.
Sami had sex with Layla without putting protection on.
Sami liked Layla's video.
Sami started his own job.
Mary goes to the store.
Tom must buy a book.
It is a good question.
Sami made things much worse.
Sami wanted to move out.
Mary sleeps at Emma's home.
Can you give an example?
Some beginners treat our language the way a boy treats a new toy; they press, stretch and twist it beyond recognition.
I like strawberry and rhubarb pie.
The Pyrenean ibex is a type of goat.
There's obviously something going on.
It's fine if you're not ready to discuss it yet.
What do you know about Tom that I don't know?
I told Tom Mary had to do that.
I did that wrong, didn't I?
Tom is hoping they'll hire him.
I didn't do that on my own.
Tom needs to be treated fairly.
I didn't do that very long.
I didn't mind that Tom was late.
I didn't do that willingly.
I told Tom he needed to do that.
I don't know who they were.
Tom doesn't want to be cremated.
I never enjoyed doing that.
Tom needs to be given a warning.
I wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom needs to be told to do that.
I wasn't happy to be there.
I told Tom I intended to do that.
I'm not all that surprised.
I was surprised to see Tom there.
Who taught you how to surf?
I'm not really interested in Tom.
I did that as I was told to.
Tom and I went swimming together.
I did that three months ago.
Tom has done that more than once.
I didn't do that in a hurry.
Tom is doing what he always does.
I didn't do that last night.
Tom needed to be told to do that.
I don't care if I don't win.
I don't care whether I win or not.
Tom needed to be told what to do.
I don't mind if you're late.
Tom needs to be told not do that.
I wanted to sit in the back.
Tom spoke with Mary on the phone.
I wasn't a bit disappointed.
Tom threw the gun into the river.
I wasn't awake at that time.
Tom will be sitting in the front.
I wasn't through doing that.
Tom wrote a book on that subject.
I wasn't used to doing that.
I did that because Tom told me to.
I didn't hear Tom calling my name.
Why aren't you swimming now?
I don't believe anything Tom said.
How much longer do you want to swim?
I don't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I did that a couple of times.
I don't pay much attention to Tom.
I did that a number of times.
I told Tom Mary needed to do that.
I did that all day yesterday.
I told Tom Mary wanted to do that.
I did that because I had to.
I was surprised when Tom did that.
I did that earlier this week.
Tom and Mary broke up last Monday.
I did that until it got dark.
Tom and Mary went to a restaurant.
I didn't get paid to do that.
Tom has written a book about that.
I didn't hesitate to do that.
Tom hoped he wouldn't be captured.
I didn't immediately do that.
Tom knows a great deal about that.
I didn't notice any problems.
Tom needed to be told not do that.
I don't mind waiting for you.
Tom needs to be told not to leave.
I left my glasses in the car.
Tom was in a coma for three weeks.
I wanted to sit in the front.
I did that the way Tom asked me to.
I wasn't frightened at first.
I didn't notice that Tom was there.
I wasn't having a lot of fun.
I'm not willing to do that for Tom.
I wasn't having any problems.
Tom doesn't even know Mary is here.
I wasn't listening carefully.
Tom doesn't want to play with Mary.
I've never been to a funeral.
Tom is going to fix Mary's bicycle.
Who taught you how to juggle?
Tom keeps his guitar in his closet.
Who told you I couldn't swim?
Tom needs to be told what happened.
You know exactly what I mean.
Tom thought he could do that again.
I did that at the last minute.
Tom took good care of his children.
I did that entirely on my own.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that.
I did that every chance I got.
I wasn't as disappointed as Tom was.
I did that without permission.
I wasn't aware of what Tom had done.
I didn't do that very quickly.
I wasn't willing to do that for Tom.
I didn't have any luck at all.
I've just finished telling Tom that.
Tom doesn't even know where Mary is.
I'm not any busier than usual.
Tom doesn't know anything about art.
I'm not going to tell you why.
Tom doesn't know why Mary hates him.
I've done that more than once.
Tom needs to be kicked off the team.
I've never enjoyed doing that.
Tom needs to be placed on probation.
I did that at school yesterday.
Tom needs to be taken to a hospital.
I did that by myself yesterday.
Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I did that correctly, didn't I?
Tom waited for Mary at the bus stop.
I did that in Boston last year.
Tom wanted to get his children back.
I did that in a couple of days.
I did that in order to survive.
I told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I did that the way I was asked.
I told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I didn't do that the right way.
I felt happy for the rest of the day.
Tom's eyes glowed with joy.
I want to be cool.
I wish I were as good-looking as Tom.
Tom is dumb.
Tom is kind-hearted.
Tom is altruistic.
Please mail this letter on your way to school.
What does it mean to be happy?
What does it mean to be free?
To be happy means to be free, and to be free means to be free from fear.
Tom is bad-tempered.
Tom is down-to-earth.
Tom is fun-loving.
Tom is laid-back.
Tom is self-assured.
Tom is self-confident.
Tom is stand-offish.
Tom is stuck-up.
Tom is tight-fisted.
Tom is warm-hearted.
Tom is argumentative.
Did you go to a co-educational high school?
Do a lot of tourists visit your hometown?
Do you enjoy cooking?
Do you enjoy shopping?
Do you enjoy watching sports?
Do you enjoy playing games?
Do you have your own bedroom?
Do you have any hobbies?
Tom is disgusted with the rabbit.
Tom is dirty.
Tom is disciplined.
Tom is fastidious.
Tom is glad.
Who took my keys?
The mason will build the house.
I am already retired.
He travels from city to city.
She travels from city to city.
Tom bought a new car yesterday.
Sami was good-natured.
Sami and Layla have just had a fight.
This red wine has the best taste.
Sami was extremely good with numbers.
Who makes the best cakes in the city?
Sami had a secret love child.
Sami had sex with his ex-wife.
Sami was born before Layla.
Sami is the product of an affair.
Sami has an illegitimate daughter.
Sami isn't making money yet.
Sami wondered where the money was going.
Sami is family.
Sami's life is such a trainwreck.
Sami is using Layla.
Sami is Layla's flesh and blood.
To be free means to free oneself from fear.
Sami counted to six.
Sami showed himself.
I want to be free and happy.
Sami gave Layla a silent treatment.
Everybody wants to be free.
Layla and Anita want to be free and happy.
Tom and Sami want to be free and happy.
Everybody wants to be free and happy.
Sami wanted to die alone.
Sami stole money from Layla.
Sami developed a cancer of the throat.
Sami's cancer went into remission.
I wasn't as busy as Tom seemed to be.
I didn't have to do that again.
I wasn't surprised when Tom did that.
I didn't need to do that again.
Tom needed to be taken to a hospital.
I don't mind sitting by myself.
Tom needed to be told not to do that.
I don't need to do that either.
Tom needs to be kicked out of school.
I play golf every chance I get.
What does Tom usually eat for dinner?
I wasn't any busier than usual.
Who was Tom planning to do that with?
I wasn't aware of the problems.
I did that almost the same way as Tom.
I wasn't in a hurry to do that.
I didn't understand Tom's explanation.
I'm not really enjoying myself.
I don't care that Tom doesn't like me.
Look what I found in the woods.
I don't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
That's what I need to find out.
I don't really enjoy talking with Tom.
That's what I want to find out.
I told Tom I didn't intend to do that.
You know very well what I mean.
I wasn't as angry as Tom seemed to be.
How long have you been swimming?
I wasn't as bored as Tom seemed to be.
I didn't mind sitting by myself.
I won't tell Tom why I didn't do that.
I didn't need to do that either.
Tom and Mary have decided to break up.
I didn't need to do that, did I?
Tom and Mary have decided to split up.
I didn't really mean to do that.
Tom asked Mary for something to drink.
I don't know who should do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left Boston.
I don't really enjoy being here.
Tom has done a lot of horrible things.
Tom has done a lot of terrible things.
Tom has done a lot of very bad things.
I won't tell you why I did that.
Sami vomited on the floor.
All animals and all human beings want to be free and happy.
Sami beat his cancer.
The caged bird sings with a fearful trill, of things unknown but longed for still. And his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.
May all beings everywhere be happy and free, and may the thoughts, words, and actions of my own life contribute in some way to that happiness and to that freedom for all.
Everything that has wings, flies!
Sami's cancer has returned.
Sami didn't have cancer when he died.
Angels can fly because they can take themselves lightly.
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly.
Sami got sick with leukemia.
Sami was intruding in Layla's plans.
Sami doesn't want Layla interfering with his plans.
Tom has neither a cat nor a dog.
Tom and I got married to each other.
Sami smells really delicious.
Sami pulled the door but it refused to open.
Sami dropped everything he was holding.
Sami pushed the door open.
Sam went directly to bed.
The man bought it.
The gentleman bought it.
I went to the supermarket while coming back from work.
I'll go for a walk and since I'm at it, I'll see what the prices are for a new TV.
I walked to the department store while looking at the cherry blossoms.
As soon as the school bell rang, the students left the classroom.
Since it was an extremely urgent situation, my father sped up the car as soon as the traffic light changed.
This land is hers.
Where is my scooter?
Where is my kick scooter?
The cows in India are sacred to many people.
My sister's husband is my brother-in-law.
Tom works as a master of ceremonies on TV.
She needs more time to forget him.
We would need much more time and money than we have.
I'm afraid I'll need more time to convince him.
I'd like some white wine, please.
The first official election in the world, with braille ballot papers, took place in Japan in 1928, when the Japanese blind voted for the 16th election of the House of Representatives.
He's feathering his own nest.
In the early autumn of more than twenty tons of live seafood were found in a refrigerated truck with a Bulgarian license plate.
They discovered that Westerners can express anything with about thirty symbols, whereas Asians have to memorize a few thousand ideographic signs.
He is such a nonce!
This is what we could do:
I can't backtrack.
She avoided his look.
I'm not as busy today as I usually am.
Tom always ignores my advice.
I've lived here for a few years.
Tom needed to be warned several times.
How much does it cost to do that?
Tom needs to be given a second chance.
I did that because I was told to.
Tom needs to be taken to the hospital.
I did that in a very similar way.
I did that almost the same way.
Tom needs to be told never to do that.
I did that incorrectly, didn't I?
Tom needs to be told to do that again.
I did that three times last week.
Tom needs to be transferred to Boston.
I didn't do that very many times.
Tom needs to be warned not to do that.
I didn't know who should do that.
Who does Tom plan to go swimming with?
I didn't say I wanted to do that.
I didn't do that and Tom didn't either.
I parked my car in your driveway.
I didn't want that as badly as Tom did.
I didn't want to do that as badly as Tom did.
I think I did that the wrong way.
I don't know exactly what Tom is doing.
I didn't know exactly what Tom was doing.
I wasn't having such a good time.
I wasn't having a very good time.
I don't know very much about Tom's job.
I wasn't very worried about that.
I don't really enjoy swimming with Tom.
Look what I found on my way home.
I don't want that as badly as Tom does.
Who taught you how to make pizza?
I told Tom Mary didn't have to do that.
Who taught you how to play chess?
I told Tom Mary didn't need to do that.
Why don't you want to swim today?
I told Tom Mary didn't want to do that.
I did that as I was instructed to.
I wasn't as hungry as Tom seemed to be.
I did that because I was asked to.
I wasn't as scared as Tom seemed to be.
I didn't do that very fast, did I?
I wasn't as sleepy as Tom seemed to be.
I didn't do that very well, did I?
I wasn't having as much fun as Tom was.
I didn't do that yesterday either.
Tom has been studying French with Mary.
I didn't need any help doing that.
Tom has written a book on that subject.
I don't enjoy reading comic books.
Tom hopes he won't be asked to do that.
I don't feel I'm ready to do that.
Tom needed to be taken to the hospital.
I don't have anything else to say.
Tom needed to be told to do that again.
I don't know very much about that.
Tom needs to be told about the problem.
I don't need to do that on my own.
What did Tom do that made you so angry?
I don't think I did that correctly.
I didn't charge Tom anything to do that.
I have to do something about that.
I didn't even notice that Tom was there.
I need to do something about that.
I didn't tell Tom I intended to do that.
I think doing that would be a bad idea.
I don't know exactly what Tom was doing.
I'm not amused by what's going on.
I don't know what Tom was talking about.
I'm not very concerned about that.
I don't know why Tom wanted to be alone.
I did that because I was forced to.
I think Tom knows how to play this game.
I did that for myself, not for you.
I wasn't able to do that as well as Tom.
I wasn't as annoyed as Tom seemed to be.
I did that while I was half asleep.
I wasn't as nervous as Tom seemed to be.
I did that without saying anything.
I'm not going to tell Tom what happened.
I'm not going to tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't actually agree to do that.
I haven't actually agreed to do that.
Tom does that whenever he has free time.
I didn't have the money to do that.
Tom hopes he won't be chosen to do that.
Tom is hoping he won't be chosen to do that.
I didn't have to do that on my own.
Tom needs to be punished for doing that.
I didn't need to do that on my own.
Tom told Mary she could sit in the back.
I didn't need to know who did that.
I did that for Tom for quite a few years.
I don't expect to be paid anything.
I didn't have any trouble convincing Tom.
I don't know who I need to talk to.
I didn't have to tell Tom how to do that.
I don't know why this is happening.
I haven't yet eaten anything today.
Do you have a favorite color?
Do you have a favorite color? If so, what is it?
Tom died three years ago today.
Tom was too poor to buy books to read, but his neighbors often lent him books.
You should invite Tom to your party, but I doubt that he'll come.
Would you like to borrow this book?
You may borrow any of these books.
Why don't you come and stay with us next summer?
Tom told Mary what you said about her.
I was tired and so was everybody else.
I was tired and so was everyone else.
I was tired and so was Tom.
Do you know how long it takes to fly from Boston to Chicago?
How long do you think it would take me to drive from Boston to Chicago?
Tom is a very good skier.
Tom is a very good clarinetist.
Tom thought he'd never see his son again.
Tom knew he'd never come back to Boston again.
Tom told Mary that he never wanted to go back to Boston.
Tom made no attempt to be friendly.
Tom didn't even try to be friendly.
Tom made no attempt to do that.
I don't remember what I have to do.
I didn't need to tell Tom how to do that.
I don't remember what I need to do.
I don't care whether Tom likes me or not.
I don't really enjoy doing that with Tom.
I wasn't enjoying myself very much.
I was able to do that without Tom's help.
I wasn't in a big hurry to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that.
I wasn't surprised by the question.
I'm not going to tell Tom how to do that.
I wasn't very motivated to do that.
I'm not going to tell Tom why I did that.
I've done a lot of horrible things.
Tom had lunch with Mary in the cafeteria.
I've done a lot of very bad things.
Tom has a small farm not far from Boston.
Who told you I wasn't able to swim?
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that here.
How much longer do you plan to wait?
Tom needs to be told not to do that here.
I did that a lot when I was younger.
Tom needs to be told to leave Mary alone.
I did that because I was ordered to.
Who was Tom planning to go swimming with?
I didn't need Tom's permission to do that.
I did that the day before yesterday.
I didn't really enjoy doing that with Tom.
Her hair hid her face.
Her hair was hiding her face.
I'm going to the nightclub to meet new people, but I'm not sure if it's the best place...
I did that the way you asked me to.
I don't know why Tom didn't want us there.
I did that today for the first time.
I think Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
I didn't do that entirely on my own.
I was surprised to see Tom at the concert.
I didn't have any desire to do that.
I've just finished telling Tom what to do.
I didn't need to do that right away.
Tom doesn't want to be appointed chairman.
I do that whenever I have free time.
Tom needed to be told not to do that here.
Sami sat back down.
Sami communicated with Layla's spirit.
I don't have any trouble doing that.
Tom needs to be told not to do that again.
I don't know very much about Boston.
I didn't know what to do until Tom told me.
I don't know when I need to do that.
I don't know very much about what Tom does.
I don't know why that was happening.
I wasn't interested in what Tom was saying.
I don't know why we need to do that.
Tom did that, even though he didn't have to.
Sami and Layla slept in the same bed that night.
Sami was in bed next to Layla.
Sami and Layla were in the car together.
Sami and Layla were talking.
I don't need to do that, but I will.
Tom did that, even though he didn't need to.
Tom has been a taxi driver for three years.
I want to do that as often as I can.
Tom needs to be told to do that by himself.
I wasn't aware of what was going on.
Why does Tom have to sit in the back today?
I'm not any busier today than usual.
I didn't charge Tom anything for doing that.
We stayed outside until it got dark.
I was surprised when Tom told me about that.
Tom mumbled.
Sami was acting really weird.
Sami looked at Layla's fingers.
Where there is light, there is also shadow.
He made a slip of the tongue.
Sami lived in a haunted house.
Sami closed the bedroom door to go to sleep.
How can you eat this much?
I'm hooked on that game. I can't stop until the next morning every time I start playing it.
Once my grandfather falls asleep, nobody can wake him up.
Sometimes it's a good thing to have a touch of madness.
This particular organ has eight stops, which control eleven ranks of pipes.
The organist chose an unusual registration for this passage.
You have something I need.
I said exactly what they wanted to hear.
I think you're completely wrong.
Sorry, did I wake you?
Tom is sleeping like a log.
Thanks for showing me around.
Sami was listening to music.
Sami started speaking.
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to get back together?
Do you think that Tom and Mary will get back together?
Who told you you couldn't swim here?
I wasn't as intoxicated as Tom seemed to be.
Why don't you sit in the back today?
Tom and Mary had a huge argument last night.
I did know I was supposed to do that.
Tom needed to be told to do that by himself.
I didn't have to do that last Monday.
Tom needs to be told never to do that again.
I don't have enough money to do that.
Tom needs to be told not to do that anymore.
I don't know why you need to do that.
Tom needs to be told to never do that again.
I don't really enjoy being in Boston.
Tom needs to be told to stay away from Mary.
Tom says he doesn't have time to swim today.
I hope I can do this right this time.
I didn't know how much Tom wanted to do that.
I wasn't amused by what was going on.
I didn't notice whether Tom was there or not.
Sami grew up in this house.
Sami told you that.
Sami did this video in a hotel room.
Sami watched Layla's video.
Sami remembers that.
Tom doesn't have a driving license.
Tom is old and infirm.
I wasn't aware of what was happening.
I don't really enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I wasn't aware that I had to do that.
I don't understand why Tom needed to do that.
I've been doing that for a few years.
I just found out that Tom has been kidnapped.
I've lived in Boston for a few years.
I wasn't as disappointed as Tom seemed to be.
Who taught you how to play the flute?
I wasn't surprised to see Tom at the concert.
You should never do that by yourself.
I wasn't surprised when I saw Tom doing that.
I apologized for doing that yesterday.
I'm not interested in going to Tom's concert.
I devoted a lot of time to doing that.
Tom hoped he wouldn't be blamed for the mess.
I didn't feel like swimming yesterday.
Tom is hoping he'll be given a second chance.
Can you pick the kids up from school?
This building has various floors.
I have one hour to eat.
Why do you keep looking in your rear-view mirror?
Tom saw what was happening and he didn't say anything.
I didn't have enough money to do that.
Tom says he doesn't feel like swimming today.
I didn't really enjoy being in Boston.
At that time, I didn't know what Tom had done.
I didn't really have to do that today.
I didn't have any trouble finding Tom's house.
I didn't think I was ready to do that.
I don't know what Tom will be doing tomorrow.
I didn't understand what had happened.
I didn't know why Tom was supposed to do that.
I only did that three times last year.
I don't think Tom knows how to play this game.
I wasn't aware that we should do that.
I'm not satisfied with the answer Tom gave me.
I'm not interested in learning French.
Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I've just finished writing the report.
Tom doesn't want to be asked to do that again.
That's not what I said I'd do.
Tom had hoped he wouldn't be asked to do that.
Who taught you how to ride a unicycle?
Tom lived with John and Mary for three months.
Who told you I wasn't able to do that?
Tom needed to be notified, so I called him up.
Who told you that you could swim here?
Tom needed to be replaced, so we replaced him.
Who told you you could swim here?
Can you move your ears?
Mary was afraid, but Tom was not.
"Do you want to know what I think?" "No."
Do you think I ask too many questions?
Is that why you don't like him?
Is that why you don't like her?
I took a nap this afternoon at the office.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet.
You sound like a lawyer.
The window glass provides sun protection.
Omega is the last letter of the Greek alphabet.
Is that why you don't like Tom?
Is that the real reason that you don't like Tom?
That's not really why you don't like Tom, is it?
Is that the only reason you don't like Tom?
I don't like Tom much, either.
I know Tom doesn't like Mary, but I don't know why.
What happened yesterday evening in Paris?
Tom could have met you at the airport.
He has written three books.
Sami surfed through the channel.
Sami didn't let the kids into the cellar.
Sami started raising his voice.
Sami started to scream.
Sami came to Layla's house.
Sami remembers that house.
You have something that I need.
You have what I need.
How much longer do you plan to be here?
Tom still plans to go swimming this afternoon.
I did that for three weeks last summer.
Tom told me that he's never been to a funeral.
I didn't know many people at the party.
At that time, I didn't know what Tom was doing.
I don't have the permission to do that.
I didn't understand what Tom was talking about.
I don't know why you needed to do that.
I didn't want to do that any more than Tom did.
I don't need to do that, but I want to.
I don't want to do that any more than Tom does.
You should come early so he can read your manuscript before your speech.
Tom doesn't have what he needs.
I was able to do that better this time.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me about that.
I wasn't a nice guy when I was younger.
I'm not going to do that the way Tom suggested.
I wasn't aware that you had to do that.
I'm not going to tell Tom why I didn't do that.
That's not exactly what I agreed to do.
Tom had hoped he wouldn't be chosen to do that.
I did that yesterday for the first time.
Tom needed to be told several times to do that.
I did that, even though I didn't have to.
Tom needs to be told not to do that by himself.
I did that, even though I didn't need to.
I didn't know whether Tom had to do that or not.
I did that, even though I didn't want to.
I didn't know whether Tom needed to do that or not.
I didn't do that as fast as I should've.
I didn't know whether Tom should do that or not.
I didn't do that as soon as I should've.
I don't care that Tom isn't having a good time.
I didn't have the permission to do that.
I don't care that Tom wasn't having a good time.
I don't care whether you like me or not.
I don't understand why Tom didn't want us there.
I don't understand why I had to do that.
I found the box right where Tom said he left it.
I'm not really interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to go to Boston.
How much longer are you planning to wait?
Tom hoped he wouldn't be blamed for the problem.
What happened last weekend in Boston?
What really happened last weekend in Boston?
Tom needed to be told not to do that by himself.
I didn't actually want to do it that way.
Tom needs to be transferred to another hospital.
The doctor said that Tom needs to be transferred to another hospital.
I don't know who to give this package to.
I didn't care that Tom wasn't having a good time.
I just sat there and didn't say anything.
I didn't know how to do that until Tom showed me.
I study French whenever I have free time.
I wasn't able to do that, so Tom did that for me.
I wasn't interested in what was going on.
Tom needed to be transferred to another hospital.
I wasn't worried about what might happen.
Tom needs to be told to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I'm hoping I'll be given a second chance.
I didn't have any trouble convincing Tom to leave.
I'm not going to tell you why I did that.
I didn't know that you and Tom used to be married.
I've devoted a lot of time to doing that.
I hope you don't think I'm as obnoxious as Tom is.
It's safer if you don't swim by yourself.
I've been playing tennis with Tom for a few years.
Why didn't you tell me you couldn't swim?
Tom did that, even though he didn't really have to.
You should never go swimming by yourself.
Tom did that, even though he didn't really need to.
I didn't do that as well as I expected to.
Tom hasn't been invited to a party in a long time.
I didn't have to do that, but I wanted to.
Tom hoped he wouldn't be blamed for what happened.
I didn't need to do that, but I wanted to.
Tom looked out the window, but he didn't see Mary.
I don't want to be asked to do that again.
I don't think that's exactly what Tom agreed to do.
Tom is the wrong guy to mess with.
Sami has just been promoted.
There is nothing that a bunch of youngsters like you could do.
The father immediately went back home.
I had to amuse myself with toys.
I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress when I passed by it in a car.
The teacher said: "What is necessary for success, above all, is perseverance."
Please don't mention it to anyone.
Please don't mention this to anyone.
Tom is extremely insecure.
Keep your head down and do as you're told.
I was young and impressionable.
Tom was young and impressionable.
Mary was young and impressionable.
I swear that I don't know anything.
She's a lot tougher than she looks.
Tom is a lot tougher than he looks.
Tom has a vinyl collection.
Mary had a ring of chocolate around her mouth.
Tom has a ring of chocolate around his mouth.
Tom hadn't noticed the ring of chocolate around his mouth.
I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.
I hope you enjoyed reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
I hope you enjoyed reading this sentence as much as I enjoyed writing it.
I don't believe you, and neither will anyone else.
At first I didn't believe him.
At first I didn't believe her.
I judged you too quickly.
I judged you too quickly. I'm sorry.
That's not your decision to make.
What if things don't work out?
We're safe for now.
"What's going to happen?" "I don't know."
Baby boomers are starting to retire.
I hope you enjoyed doing that as much as I did.
It's warm today, so we can go swimming in the ocean.
I liked the way it smelled.
I'm sad because everyone went away and left me alone.
His health is fragile.
Maria is teaching me Norwegian.
Since I was all by myself, I felt a bit lonely.
I tried in vain to persuade them.
A book, a notebook, and a pen were lying on the table.
Why are you so insolent?
Why are you so fresh?
I wonder where Tom was at 2:that afternoon.
I don't think I really understand. Could you explain it again?
Let's throw them out!
Love must be sanctified by marriage, and this passion becomes criminal if it's not consecrated by a sacrament.
Page not found.
Tom has a stomachache and he feels dizzy.
Tom returns home tomorrow.
Mary eats a tomato.
You have to get off here.
Get everyone together!
Tom will not eat.
I want to paint the house.
My back aches.
She is sick today.
Where is Mary tonight?
Hello everyone! Good morning!
Do you want to visit the city?
You want a beautiful horse?
I want to rent a cat. Just kidding!
Everybody dance!
Do you have a handkerchief?
I would like to return this cat.
My cat has a lot of vet bills.
The dog changed his mind about me.
I'll talk it over with my dog.
Tom is coming back home tomorrow.
Tom is going back home tomorrow.
Tom broke up with Mary before her birthday, so he wouldn't have to buy her a present.
I wasn't aware that you needed to do that.
I don't understand why Tom was supposed to do that.
I wasn't interested in what was happening.
I was surprised when Tom told me he had to do that.
I didn't think I'd be permitted to do that.
I wasn't as tempted to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I don't understand why I needed to do that.
I've been doing that for Tom for quite a few years.
I doubt we'll be able to go swimming today.
Tom needs to be told never to come back here again.
I think we'll be able to go swimming today.
Tom told me he plans to go swimming this afternoon.
I thought I'd be able to go swimming today.
I didn't have any trouble convincing Tom to do that.
I was able to get to Boston in three hours.
I didn't have any trouble convincing Tom to help us.
I'd hoped I'd be able to go swimming today.
I wasn't as hesitant to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I'm not very interested in learning French.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why he did that.
I've been practicing the piano all morning.
I'm not interested in going to the concert with Tom.
How much longer are you planning to be here?
Tom told Mary he didn't plan to swim very many laps.
How much longer do you plan to be in Boston?
I was surprised when Tom told me I needed to do that.
I didn't know why I was supposed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary had to do that.
I didn't understand what was going on there.
I wasn't as motivated to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I don't know when I'm supposed to do that.
I wasn't as reluctant to do that as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't a very nice guy when I was younger.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I had to do that.
I did that for the first time just yesterday.
How much longer do you think Tom will want to do that?
I did that for three hours yesterday morning.
I don't understand why Tom wasn't supposed to do that.
I did that here yesterday for the first time.
I was surprised when Tom told me he needed to do that.
I didn't know why I'd been chosen to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he wanted to do that.
I didn't really have to do that today, did I?
I wasn't as desperate to do that as Tom thought I was.
I don't know why I've been chosen to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary wasn't there.
I don't yet know what I'll be doing tomorrow.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he had to do that.
I think I won't be able to go swimming today.
The only reason I did that was because Tom told me to.
I wonder who Tom will take to the dance.
I wonder whether Tom prefers coffee or tea.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Boston or Chicago next summer.
Here is the hospital.
Sometimes they leave the monastery to stroll through the city.
As I've already mentioned before, after a rigorous investigation, we have found nothing wrong with our company's management.
The Congo is a developing country.
Postcrossing is an inexpensive pastime.
That statue is truly amazing. It's looking at us as if it were alive.
Proofing is one of the most important tasks of the publishing company.
Companies use cookies to track the sites you visit.
He has a cassette deck.
I don't have a cassette deck.
They have two cassette decks.
I can't help but laugh when I see that fat witch behaving as if she were the prettiest in the whole world.
Attainment targets are descriptions of knowledge and skills that a pupil or student is expected to have acquired by the end of each educational level.
Tom has a benign tumor in his left lung.
How about six o'clock?
I believe that you are wrong.
How about six?
Be sure to remember!
Funny!
Wow, so cold!
I'm going shopping!
That one!
Good idea!
Don't complain!
It is eating.
Tom cannot work today. He is very sick.
Don't speak!
Brr! So cold!
Look! An airplane!
Drink water.
Do you feel very weak?
It's all delicious!
I wish you good health!
Caution, dangerous dog!
I've returned!
Where is a pen?
Marta loves me.
Look to your left, look to your right.
What place?
Delicious.
Hello, Teacher Li.
Eat fruit.
Is it hot today?
Goodbye, Anna!
Is Beijing hot?
The water is frozen.
He got a promotion.
You will regret it!
She's very obstinate.
What's the dessert?
So beautiful!
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up with you.
Be diligent, don't worry or be annoyed.
The plane dropped the bomb over the city.
Under the teacher's guidance, I took big strides with my studies.
Are you Anna?
With a sudden chill weakening every part of his body, Aeneas groans and, stretching both hands to the stars, cries out thus: "O thrice and four times blessed, whose lot it was to perish before the faces of their fathers under the high walls of Troy!"
Be logical for once.
Come over here so I can smack you.
In chess, the white side makes the first move.
The method we propose has two major advantages.
You have no business here.
Personally, I don't think that's a problem.
He always dresses in black.
I slept for ten hours, nevertheless I'm still tired.
This summer was a very long and very hot one.
Mr. What's-his-name called me.
If you wish, we can go there.
I know it's terrible.
Saturday is his day off.
Our mules are slow.
That's fine, but you're forgetting something.
I did not understand your presentation at all.
Tom has new shoes.
I learned a lot about astronomy from him.
It is snow from last year.
The smell is unbearable.
I have a wife and two children to feed.
I don't know whether it's important or not.
I have a lot of ambition.
How about a good massage?
I feel freer than ever before.
I'm not a hard working person.
I'm a level-headed person.
I am very conservative.
I'm very sad tonight.
There's no courage without fear.
A man is not old as long as he can work.
Do you want cotton buds?
The tension between them is palpable.
Odd numbers are not divisible by two.
The gardener had to mow the lawn.
We need to formalize our plans for the gala.
That painter is a genius.
Let me look at my girl.
The party has just begun.
I have big ambitions.
The event shouldn't be televised until it has passed.
I am very ambitious.
This factory manufactures toys.
The entertainment for the party comprised of a small chamber orchestra.
The plundering of this land has left it barren and infertile.
Tom said he doesn't do that.
He hired several private investigators to determine the one behind the crime.
What was investigative journalism like in the past?
Innovation is obliterating the need for public radio.
The ghost materializes from the dark room.
It's no good to internalize such self-degrading thoughts.
I ignite the stove.
An addition sign resembles a cross.
The soundtracks of most video games are mostly ambient music.
They conspire to overthrow the oppressive government.
If you're going off to France anyways, why not bring me as your traveling companion?
Angel food cake tastes the best when paired with fresh strawberries and whipped cream.
The computer predetermines each user's ID.
I didn't know anything about that until yesterday.
He wore a pressed button-down collar shirt and black pants.
Tom bought $of alternative medicine, and then some.
There is an age limit of years for the school.
They usefully managed to construe an efficient work ethic.
The dance teacher was choreographing her troupe.
The traveler sent in an absentee vote by mail.
Sales will surely plummet without this change.
The news will definitely galvanize the public into protesting the matter.
The mole burrowed into the earth.
The employee and his colleagues were video conferencing on what to do about the challenge.
The voice on the loudspeaker was too muffled to understand.
Is biological diversity in an ecosystem good or bad?
He has a split-personality disorder from childhood trauma.
I'm craving a chocolate chip cookie or two.
A secret cove was hidden by perilous-looking rocks.
When driving, don't cross the double yellow line.
Veganism counts as an alternative life style, doesn't it?
Jealousy, the green-eyed monster, encompasses even the best of us.
An image of a fat American tourist wearing an aloha shirt pops up.
You need to find the least common denominator before adding two fractions together.
What is absolute zero in centigrade?
My siblings and I were raised in an one-parent family.
An example of a percussion instrument is the piano.
Was it a hallucination or a daydream?
The girl wore a white turtleneck sweater.
Stenography is a technique to hide information in plain sight.
Even while suffering, I look at my life through rose-tinted glasses.
Please handwrite the answers.
Even though the girl looks easy to read, she's actually more than meets the eye.
Customers input a personal identification number to access their bank accounts.
She had a lovely peaches and cream complexion.
I was able to do that better than I expected.
Tom looked into the classroom, but he didn't see Mary.
I wasn't willing to admit I'd made a mistake.
Tom needs to be told not to try to do that by himself.
Of course, you're supposed to tell the truth.
I don't care that Tom didn't do what I asked him to do.
Are you going to be able to go swimming today?
I wasn't having as much fun as Tom seemed to be having.
I didn't enjoy myself at the party last night.
I wasn't very interested in what Tom was talking about.
I didn't enjoy myself last night at the party.
The only reason I did that was because Tom asked me to.
Fabian, are you going with us to the pool on Saturday afternoon?
"Which one do you want?" "That one."
"Which one did Tom give you?" "That one."
"Which one did Tom give you?" "He gave me that one."
If you have to go, then go.
If you need to leave, then leave.
If you need to do that, then do it.
If you have to do that, then do it as soon as you can.
If you have to do that, then do it right away.
If you're going to have to do that, then do it today.
If I'm going to have to do that, I'd rather do it right now.
Antoine's castle has twenty bedrooms.
Today, I wrote my ten thousandth French sentence.
Tom doesn't read much.
Tom can't read very well.
Tom doesn't read very often.
Tom doesn't like reading.
He is too old to take care of his business himself.
I'm not asking you, Tom.
I don't want to ask Tom that question.
You probably shouldn't ask Tom that.
He is too old to get his affairs in order himself.
Unfortunately, the answer is not simple.
No one in my family is a musician.
No one in my family can play a musical instrument.
No one in my family sings very well.
There aren't any musicians in my family.
She did not study on Sunday evening.
Nobody in my family is a musician.
Nobody in my family can play a musical instrument.
Nobody in my family sings very well.
Which of those boys is Tom?
Which one of those guys is Tom?
Today is the last Monday of the month.
We always have a meeting on the last Monday of the month.
Tom wants to come, too.
Tom says he wants to come, too.
I watch the evening news while I eat dinner.
I wonder why there are so many people here today.
The restaurant where we ate lunch was very crowded.
She saw her smile.
You are a fabulous woman.
I bought these biographies only out of curiosity.
Tom wants to convince me that the Earth is flat, but I can't believe him.
That factory produces toys.
They've decided to close that factory.
They've decided to shut down this factory.
She burned herself on the iron.
I try to get up at six.
Let it drain in a colander.
Was it just a dream?
Would you like a plastic or paper bag?
Do you want a plastic or paper bag?
Tell me what movie you saw.
I see that you bought candles.
I want to buy a new couch.
It was raining cats and dogs outside.
She was brave, even though she was just a child.
Tom has a dashboard camera in his car.
There are cameras outside the building.
There are cameras inside the building.
I didn't know whether I needed do that or not.
Tom needed to be told not to try to do that by himself.
I didn't know whether I should do that or not.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary needed to do that.
I didn't need to do that, but I did it anyway.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary wanted to do that.
I was able to finish doing that in three days.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I needed to do that.
I wasn't very interested in what was going on.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary had to do that.
How many times have you swum across this river?
Tom wanted to know who Mary planned to go swimming with.
I did that even though I knew it was dangerous.
I don't know why Tom didn't want to go to Boston with me.
I did that, even though I didn't really have to.
I was surprised when Tom told me about what had happened.
I did that, even though I didn't really need to.
I wasn't as interested in doing that as Tom seemed to be.
I don't need to do that, but I'll do it anyway.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he needed to do that.
I had no choice but to fire him.
We had no choice but to fire Tom.
We had to fire Tom because he wasn't able to do the job we hired him to do.
Tom was fired because he wasn't able to do the job he'd been hired to do.
I don't understand the purpose of this project.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wanted to do that.
I wasn't aware that you didn't have to do that.
Tom got angry because I didn't do what he asked me to do.
I wasn't aware that you didn't need to do that.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with me.
I wasn't doing what I was supposed to be doing.
I was surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I wasn't very interested in what was happening.
I wasn't as interested in doing that as Tom thought I was.
I thank all women who every day strive to build more humane and welcoming societies.
Let us invoke the gift of peace for the whole world, especially for those people who are suffering most because of ongoing conflicts.
We offer a gift pleasing to Jesus when we spend time with a person who has difficulties or we help someone for the sake of helping.
The factory where Tom used to work has been closed down.
The factory where Tom works is going to be closed down.
The store where Tom works is going out of business.
Tom did poorly in his classes.
A joyful soul is like healthy soil in which life can thrive and produce good fruit.
Do you think you'd be able to go swimming today?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why Mary wasn't there.
I don't think I'll be able to go swimming today.
Tom and Mary dated for about three months three years ago.
I knew we wouldn't be able to go swimming today.
Tom didn't want to be seen naked, so he hid in the bushes.
I wasn't aware that we were supposed to do that.
I just found out that Tom was killed in a traffic accident.
How much longer are you planning to be in Boston?
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't have to do that.
I didn't do that very often when I was in Boston.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't need to do that.
I don't understand why I was supposed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
I wasn't aware that you were supposed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary needed to do that.
How long did it take you to swim across the river?
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary wanted to do that.
I didn't have the confidence to do that by myself.
I was surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I don't think I have enough time to do that today.
I was surprised when Tom told me you didn't need to do that.
I might not be able to go swimming with you today.
I wasn't as amused by what was going on as Tom seemed to be.
I wasn't aware that we weren't supposed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me about what had happened.
I could teach you how to drive if you wanted me to.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wanted me to do that.
I definitely won't do that in this kind of weather.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me why he didn't like Mary.
I definitely won't do that on a hot day like today.
Tom got angry because I wasn't doing what he asked me to do.
I did that even though I didn't have permission to.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to go swimming with John.
I think I'll be able to go swimming with you today.
I didn't know whether Tom would be allowed to do that or not.
I was only able to stay in Boston for a short time.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that you weren't supposed to do that.
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't need to do that.
There are several reasons why we shouldn't do that.
You bought candles, didn't you?
I hope you bought candles.
Did you buy candles?
We need to buy candles for Tom's birthday cake.
Did you buy candles like I asked you to?
"What are you doing here?" "And what are you doing here?"
Do you have the manual?
I was surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't want to do that.
I could refuse to do that, but I don't think I will.
I didn't do that yesterday. I did it three days ago.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
I don't understand why I wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to go swimming with us.
I couldn't do that last week because I was in Boston.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go swimming with.
I decided to go back to doing that the way I used to.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't have to do that.
I didn't do that as fast as I thought I'd be able to.
Do you want me to stay or do you want me to go?
I can't come now.
The newspaper is on the table next to the window.
Where did you put the television guide?
Where did you put the TV guide?
There's something I should tell you.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't need to do that.
I didn't do that as well as I thought I'd be able to.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
I know that I shouldn't eat this, but I think I will.
I didn't know whether Tom would be permitted to do that or not.
I picked up the broken glass as carefully as I could.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me you didn't have to do that.
I'm not as tired as I usually am by this time of day.
I'm not as interested in doing that as you think I am.
Tom was about to fall asleep when he heard a knock on the door.
The only reason I did that was because you told me to.
Tom was your boyfriend when you were in high school, wasn't he?
You were Tom's girlfriend when you were in high school, weren't you?
How much time did it take to you to swim to the island?
I asked Tom if I was on the list of people invited to the party.
I did that much better the third time I tried doing it.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told Mary he didn't need to do that.
I didn't know whether I'd be allowed to do that or not.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't have to do that.
I wasn't aware that I wasn't supposed to be doing this.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't need to do that.
I'm going to do that even though I know it's dangerous.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me Mary didn't want to do that.
The only reason I did that was because you asked me to.
Tom needed to be paid something, so I gave him everything I had.
I couldn't have done that if you hadn't been helping me.
Tom was a little taller than I was when we were in grade school.
I wasn't very interested in anything that was happening.
Tom was a very good friend of mine until he stole my girlfirend.
I've decided to buy the blue car instead of the red one.
Tom was about to kiss Mary when her father walked into the room.
About how much time will it take you to swim thirty laps?
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.
I didn't have any trouble convincing Tom to go to Boston with me.
I didn't know whether I'd be permitted to do that or not.
Tom tried to explain everything to Mary, but she wouldn't listen.
I studied French intensively for three weeks last winter.
Tom was a jazz guitarist before he started playing country music.
I don't know how to do that, but I'll try to do it anyway.
Tom was able to speak three languages by the time he was thirteen.
I was in prison for three years when I was in my thirties.
Tom was wearing a short-sleeve shirt when I saw him earlier today.
I wasn't at the meeting last week because I was in Boston.
Do you like drinking beer?
Are you sure everything is OK?
I was young and impressionable at that time.
Tom could've met you at the airport.
I'm already retired.
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow.
I'll be leaving the day after tomorrow.
Are you hungry, too?
I'd like to be a veterinarian.
I'll buy the tickets.
Tom hasn't saved anything for retirement.
That's a serious accusation.
Don't give the dog anything to eat.
I didn't know Tom was back.
Tom ate all the green jellybeans.
I didn't like any of these books.
Let's make some more cookies.
Why did Tom go?
Can't you make it to Boston this year?
Can you make it to Boston this year?
Give these to Tom.
We have to go back home soon.
I don't remember Tom's exact words.
Do you want more ice cream?
Would you like some more ice cream?
What was Tom up to?
I think I'll need more time to convince Tom to do that.
Doing that would require more time and money than we have.
This land is Tom's.
That was the first time I'd ever lied to Tom.
This isn't the first time you've been late.
I wonder how Tom does that.
Prevention is the best medicine.
Earth rotates on its polar axis.
Tom is a cybersecurity expert.
Tom bought a Ferrari.
Tom usually skips breakfast.
Tom has a pile of textbooks on his desk.
The Earth rotates round the Sun.
Tom asked the waitress to refill his coffee.
The Earth orbits the Sun.
This medicine is a poison by nature.
A truffle is a fungus which lives in symbiosis with the roots of certain plants, such as oak, hazel, beech, poplar and willow trees.
Tom has two weeks of paid vacation.
Tom has three weeks of paid vacation.
Tom thinks that the world is getting better.
I feel like I'm always rushed.
I feel like I'm always in a rush.
I feel like I'm always in a hurry.
She sat between Tom and John.
When was the last time that you did something for the first time?
We wanted flying cars, instead we got characters.
It was nice while it lasted.
Tom thinks that the world is getting worse all the time.
Tom has a 3D printer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was a bodybuilder.
Silence at the table!
Tom hangs out at the cafe.
Tom writes a short story.
Tom is reading a collection of short stories.
Tom and Mary are mortal enemies.
Science and mathematics transcend borders.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was an actor.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was the governor of California.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a Republican.
Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
We must work to close the gender pay gap.
Are you even trying?
Answer me when I talk to you.
Everyone made fun of me.
I thought he'd never leave.
I thought she'd never leave.
Tom is a public school teacher.
Mary is a public school teacher.
Tom likes cheesy movies.
Tom loves potatoes.
Let's melt cheese on the potatoes.
She was at home in bed last night.
Tom likes going to the art store.
What is the point?
Tom was a foster child.
I'm hungry for potatoes.
Mary threw a potato through the window.
These made-for-television movies always have the best villains.
I'll have some cake.
The cake was disguised as a full ashtray.
Are you selling your car?
The new milk commercial is an attack on human psychology.
Mata Hari was intelligent and a polyglot.
My voice is a bit hoarse.
You're upset for nothing.
With frigate birds swooping above and the high-speed dorado slicing through the water below, flying fish are, literally, caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.
If you want to endure life, get prepared for death.
If you want to endure life, prepare yourself for death.
Bruno is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago, he's Ernest.
"Doctor, I think I'm suffering from déjà vu!" "Hang on! Didn't I see you yesterday?"
What consenting adults do behind closed doors is not my business.
To say that that which is, is not or that which is not is, is a falsehood; and to say that which is, is and that which is not is not, is true.
Tom and Mary are humans.
Tom and Mary are homo sapiens.
This record is unlikely to be broken.
Humans have large brains.
Brains consume 25% of the body's energy.
How are we today?
Anyone who stops improving has stopped being good.
Technically, I wasn't lying.
I'm 99% sure.
About half of the world's population is Asian.
At around 10%, Germany has the highest rate of vegetarianism in Europe.
The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest, where an alliance of Germanic tribes defeated Roman legions in A.D., was one of the Roman Empire's most humiliating defeats.
The Germanic tribes against Rome in the Teutoburg Forest had far-reaching consequences on the history of the Roman empire.
A Leica camera from was sold for €2.million in Vienna.
The painting fetched a record price at auction.
Tom is a theoretical physicist.
The Atacama desert is one of the driest places on Earth.
The dog's ears feel hot.
The dog feels feverish.
The dog is lethargic and feverish.
Please write down the instructions.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to go to Boston.
I did that yesterday, so I wouldn't have to do it tomorrow.
Tom explained everything to Mary, but I don't think she understood.
Last summer, I wasn't able to swim as often as I wanted to.
Tom was a very bad cook until Mary started teaching him how to cook.
I could save myself a lot of time by just doing that myself.
Tom needed to be punished for doing that, so his father punished him.
I could've been the first one to do that if I'd wanted to be.
Tom was a very careful driver, but he still died in a traffic accident.
I didn't have the permission to do that, but I did it anyway.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to go swimming with us today.
I've decided to live in Boston after I graduate from college.
Tom needed to be informed, so I asked Mary to tell him about the situation.
I could teach you how to play the ukulele if you wanted me to.
Tom didn't want to be bitten by the rattlesnake, so he carefully backed away.
I don't know how to do that, but I'm willing to give it a try.
Tom was about to go home, but Mary came, so he decided to stay a litle longer.
I've decided to go back to doing that the way I used to do it.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:if Tom hadn't started talking to me.
I could save myself a lot of trouble by just doing that myself.
Tom was a very good banjo player before he had to have three of his fingers amputated.
I couldn't be at the meeting last week because I was in Boston.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:if Tom hadn't come over and started talking to me.
I study French using a flashcard app whenever I have free time.
Tom was a vegetarian until his doctor told him he should probably start eating a little meat, too.
I could've been the first one to do that, but I didn't want to be.
Tom was about to leave for Boston when he got the news that Mary had been involved in a traffic accident.
I could've been finished doing that by now if you hadn't been here.
Tom will fix that.
Tom will hurt you.
I'm in the cellar.
Tom will sit here.
You'd be a great father.
Tom works with us.
Don't forget to buy bread.
Tom said that, too.
I've agreed not to do that.
Tom wouldn't agree.
All Tom's jokes fell flat.
I didn't know that Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I didn't know Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't have time to do that.
How much longer do you plan on being here?
I doubt if anyone has told Tom what to do.
I doubt if anybody has told Tom what to do.
I couldn't swim last year, but I can now.
I wasn't able to swim last year, but I can now.
I doubt if anyone has told Tom yet.
I doubt if anybody has told Tom yet.
I wasn't aware that was happening.
I wasn't aware that that was happening.
I knew that Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I knew Tom hadn't done what he was supposed to do.
I'm not at all interested.
I'm not interested at all.
I was surprised when I found out Tom had a motorcycle.
I was surprised when I found out that Tom had a motorcycle.
I've allowed my children to do that many times.
I've allowed my kids to do that many times.
I was surprised when I heard Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I was surprised when I heard that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I've already done that a lot of times.
I've already done that lots of times.
I was very surprised when Tom told me Mary had left Boston.
I was very surprised when Tom told me that Mary had left Boston.
I've already finished doing that.
I've finished doing that already.
Why isn't anyone swimming?
Why isn't anybody swimming?
I wasn't surprised Tom was able to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I've agreed not to do that again.
Tom always helps us.
I've all but finished doing that.
Tom woke up at dawn.
I've agreed not to do that anymore.
Tom won't be caught.
I think doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom won't buy bread.
I'd like to hear you play the clarinet.
Tom won't come here.
I think doing that would be a good idea.
Tom worked part-time.
I did that pretty much all day yesterday.
Tom also knows French.
I think doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom seldom watches TV.
I wasn't able to finish doing that as soon as I thought I'd be able to.
Tom will return today.
How long did it take you to swim to the other side of the river and back?
Tom greeted his guests.
I could've been finished doing that by 2:if I'd worked a little faster.
Tom needs to know that.
I didn't do that yesterday. I didn't do it the day before yesterday, either.
Few people reach old age.
I hope my father is all right.
You need to take care of your body.
Use your strength.
Why are you asking me for money?
Tom ripped his new socks getting them out of the packaging.
We had to rush our dog to the vet.
Tom is beyond exhaustion.
Tom has half a boiled potato with cheese melted on it, but he really isn't hungry yet.
They have meat.
You're eating your orange.
He usually eats quickly.
He got angry and hit her.
You do not help.
You aren't helping.
He said "please take my place".
It's been a few weeks.
Grilling prohibited here.
I don't understand how you can do so much.
What in all the world is that?
I will never drink again.
This scoundrel is the scum of humanity.
Have you waited for me long?
They didn't even know what our names were.
If you don't have any goal in life, you're just waiting to die.
Those who have no goal in life, live only to die.
Her career was full of successes.
Sami was breathing heavily into the phone.
Sami was messaging Layla.
Sami is a she.
Sami contacted Facebook.
Sami decided to contact the FBI.
Sami ignored any texts or phone calls from Layla.
Sami came home on Saturday.
Sami locked everything up.
Sami was receiving almost six hundred messages a day.
Mary wants to be a ballerina.
Sami's dog needs a fur cut.
You can't go beyond this door.
Staff members only.
Forcing customers to sign a contract by using threats is an unforgivable act as a bank employee.
Don't you think he's an indispensable player for this team?
Wouldn't it be better to talk it out so that you both understand each other's feelings?
Do you have any idea how hard I've studied to become a doctor?
I've come here today to talk about the dangers of proprietary software.
My younger brother is working very hard day in and day out in order to pay the debt.
After their quarrel, my wife tried to make some jokes to lighten up the mood.
I was seconds over.
Girls will have possibly gone to the show.
We need the receipt signed by Mr. Smith.
We need the receipt that Mr. Smith signed.
We've been here for three days.
Are there any foods you didn't like as a kid that you like now?
Are there any foods you didn't like as a child that you like now?
I wasn't surprised when I heard Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I wasn't surprised when I heard that Tom and Mary had gotten married.
I'm not convinced Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not convinced that Tom wanted to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom doesn't know what to do.
I'm not surprised that Tom doesn't know what to do.
I'm not surprised Tom was able to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom was able to do that.
I'm not surprised Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom wasn't able to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't do what he said he was going to do.
Tom actually did nothing.
Tom actually didn't do anything.
Tom had hoped that he wouldn't be asked to do that.
Tom had hoped that he wouldn't be chosen to do that.
Tom has a house in Boston. He also has a house in Chicago.
Tom has a house in Boston. He has a house in Chicago, too.
Tom has hired someone to cook for him.
Tom has hired somebody to cook for him.
Tom has never written Mary a letter.
Tom has never written a letter to Mary.
Tom hired someone to cook for him.
Tom hired somebody to cook for him.
Tom won't believe that.
Do you go out a lot?
Tom wouldn't answer me.
Tom allowed me to leave.
I've also done that.
Tom allowed us to leave.
Do you enjoy dancing?
Tom lined up the chairs.
I've done that again.
Tom rarely writes to us.
Do you still eat meat?
Tom seldom writes to us.
Do you watch TV a lot?
Tom will probably agree.
I had help doing that.
Tom will soon know that.
I've begun doing that.
Tom wished he could fly.
Are you still confused?
Tom woke up at midnight.
Do you still like jazz?
Tom woke up before dawn.
Do you still live here?
Tom, I must talk to you.
I've done that as well.
Do you live near a park?
Tom always makes me wait.
Do you still have a dog?
It's been a while since I've been here.
I haven't been here for a while.
I think I'd better be quiet.
I think I shouldn't say anything.
Who told you this nonsense?
I'm an engineering student.
Having a college degree doesn't guarantee you'll get a job.
I almost never use Facebook.
I almost never use Facebook anymore.
Why don't you do what Tom told you to do?
Why don't you do what Tom asked you to do?
Why don't you try doing that again?
Please wait for me outside.
Why don't you wait for me outside?
Why do you keep asking me the same thing?
Why do you always ask me the same questions?
Do you think this makes sense?
Please tell me what you're doing here.
That girl wearing a red dress is Mary.
Who's the girl wearing the red dress?
Where did you guys find that?
It's the first time that he's living in his own house.
Do not confuse a virus with a bacterium.
Is the apartment across from yours still vacant?
Where will you be woking next year?
Where will Tom be working next year?
Are you going to still be a teacher here next year?
Where will you be going next summer vacation?
Should we wait for it here?
Did you ask Tom for help?
Did Tom ask you for help?
Did you ask for help?
Did Tom ask for help?
Would you like to learn how to play the piano?
What countries are most of your students from?
How many patients did you see today?
I wonder why we didn't have any customers today.
You look like Tom's wife.
Tom doesn't really like sports.
Tom could've said something first.
Three months is a long time to wait.
See you in the classroom.
I think you've said that before.
How will all this end?
How was Tom able to help?
How much is all this?
The doorkeeper closes the door after them.
You need to trust your instincts.
We're going to call Tom.
Tom knows what he did wrong.
Tom has decided to slow down.
Tom doesn't think he'll cry.
This isn't Tom's office.
Show us how to do that.
I know exactly what I'll do.
His French has improved.
He is a good swimmer and he also plays tennis well.
Tom knows he shouldn't have done that.
You have such a beautiful house.
Writing songs is my hobby.
Was Tom tired yesterday afternoon?
I've never gone out with a Canadian girl.
I've never been out with a Canadian girl.
I'm very optimistic about the future.
I'm going to graduate next spring.
I was rather drunk.
I was quite drunk.
I only do this in the summer.
I do this only in the summer.
I admitted I did it.
Come and sit here with me.
Tom ordered take out from a Thai restaurant.
Tom likes gluten-free noodles.
Tom likes to make prank calls.
The sparrow landed on the perch of the bird feeder.
The dog's leg was put into a cast.
Where is the German consulate?
The world champions were the Swedes.
My children are hungry.
He lives near the "Rotes Tor" metro station.
Mary got married and took the surname of her husband.
I don't want to visit Tom.
Bah, these people are of no interest to me!
Tom has an answer for all the questions.
None of you are intolerable.
Tom slapped the baker. The baker slapped the butcher. The butcher slapped Mary. And, finally, Mary slapped Tom.
We're out of figs.
Tom had never heard of pelicans.
There are several cats that live near the pier.
The cats in this town do not hunt and catch mice.
If everyone exercised, doctors would be out of business in weeks.
Nothing happened to Maria. She just forgot to call.
For today's match, Tom is the goalie.
Maria's hair is blond, although dyed and not natural.
Your son is already five?
This text isn't easy to translate.
Are you looking for your parents?
He is learning new words.
The ankle is broken.
Somebody call an ambulance!
Do you need help with your homework?
How do you spell "rhinoceros"?
What kind of dinosaur is a thesaurus?
How many humps do camels have on their backs?
Do you see the puppy?
Can you count to ten?
Let's go fly a kite.
Let's go to the toy store.
Do you want to buy a rubber ball?
We are going skiing in the Alps.
Nothing happened to Mary. She just forgot to call.
For today's match, Tom is the goalkeeper.
I broke my finger.
I broke my toe.
I smell spaghetti sauce simmering.
Tom loves pasta.
Tom is snug in his sleeping bag.
This dog isn't mine.
Why is your dog limping?
Is your dog deaf?
I miss the dog.
The vet's assistant called our dog "Mister Man".
Tom went to France two months ago.
Mary had bare shoulders.
He is with his friends.
So, you're not too bored?
It is a super idea.
All this is absurd.
Unfortunately, several reservations have been cancelled due to recent terrorist attacks.
You are a very interesting interlocutor.
Where's the justice?
They want it for tomorrow.
Sami got disturbed.
Sami can understand that.
Sami listened to children's TV programs.
Sami improved his Arabic vocabulary.
Sami watched an educational channel.
Sami loves this children's TV show.
Sami watched the cartoons with his children.
They call me Figaro because I eat so many figs everyday.
A class reunion was organized to raise funds for our alma mater.
I went to the hospital to have me checked so that they can find the cause of my disease.
I took a taxi so that I could be at the wedding just in time.
He can't deny he was there at that time.
You have to be crazy to keep denying such an irrefutable truth!
Although you can't compare them to Radiohead, Kashmir is a pretty darn good band.
Getting into a war you know you can't win is like suicide.
I have no way of knowing whether she's telling the truth or not.
As it's not a very safe area, I want to get home before it's late.
Sami was an agent for the Mossad.
It's no wonder he was shocked after getting dumped by his girlfriend so out of the blue.
If my adversary takes advantage of my weakness, it will be impossible for me to win.
As long as I live, I won't let it happen.
It was the ugliest baby they had ever seen, and looked, moreover, as if it were dying.
Tom's a cokehead.
Tom is a circus artist.
Tom is a clown.
Tom is a trapeze artist.
Tom is a trapezist.
Tom is a hooper.
Tom is a tightrope walker.
Tom is a juggler.
Tom is a unicyclist.
Tom can juggle five balls.
I can juggle two balls.
Tom can juggle devil sticks.
Tom is a sword swallower.
Tom is a funambulist.
Tom has a diabolo.
Tom is a diaboloist.
Tom is a slackliner.
Tom and Mary set up a slackline in a nearby park.
Tom is a street artist.
Tom is a street performer.
Tom is a stiltwalker.
Tom is the court jester.
Tom was dressed as a court jester.
Tom is a human cannonball.
Tom is a baton twirler.
Tom is a mime.
Tom is a ventriloquist.
Tom is a snake charmer.
Tom is a fire breather.
Mary is an aerial silk performer.
Tom is a strongman.
Tom is an aerialist.
Tom is a knife thrower.
The students formed a human pyramid.
Tom is a plate spinner.
Tom is a poacher.
The first human cannonball was a 14-year-old girl called "Zazel".
Mary is an acro dancer.
Tom and Mary washed the dishes together.
This is an excellent strategy.
This is a good strategy.
Accepting negative feedback is hard.
Tom had never seen a dead body before.
Tom brought discredit on his employer.
This story has infinite variations.
The restraining order prevents Tom from being in the same place as Mary.
It's a lengthy process, but we nudged it along a bit.
Go on with your story; I'm vastly diverted by it!
"These flowers are for you, Mary." "How sweet! Thanks!"
Tom seldom says anything.
How often do you go out?
Tom will buy that for me.
Do you watch a lot of TV?
Tom will buy that for us.
I've already eaten lunch.
Tom will fix that for me.
I've already sold my car.
Tom will fix that for us.
Do you still drink coffee?
Tom won't drive tomorrow.
Do you still go to church?
Tom would've let me sing.
Do you still go to school?
Do you still have a fever?
Tom, I know you're there.
Do you still like it here?
I've asked Tom to do that.
I've already done my part.
Tom agreed to do that job.
I've already paid my rent.
Tom agreed to work for us.
What are you studying now?
Do you still go out with Tom every Monday like you used to?
Do you still do that a lot?
Tom talked to many people.
I've been known to do that.
Tom wanted to stay longer.
I've been sneezing all day.
Tom will soon be homeless.
I've begun studying French.
Tom will tell you a story.
I've done that in the past.
Tom will visit Mary today.
I've hardly ever done that.
Tom wanted to buy some notebooks and pens. He also wanted to buy other things.
I have to do that right now.
Tom won't get in your way.
I've been hoping to do that.
Tom would certainly agree.
I've done that a lot lately.
Tom wrote about his ideas.
I've found a way to do that.
Tom allowed me to go there.
Do you still like spicy food?
Tom already knows about it.
I have experience doing that.
Tom already knows all this.
I have to do that right away.
Dogs are my favorite animal.
Tom is a member of a wholesale club.
Anyone fancy going for a drive?
What was supposed to be a targeted military operation deteriorated into wholesale slaughter of civilians.
Our travels take us everywhere.
His compassion is synthetic, not genuine.
If she stays too long in one place she begins to get itchy feet.
He strove to live a virtuous life.
She'll need open-heart surgery when she is three months old.
I tried to divert their attention without success.
If you hadn't told me about the meeting, I wouldn't have known about it.
If you hadn't told me to do that, I wouldn't have done it.
If you hadn't told me not to do that, I would've done it.
I'm glad you told me about the meeting. If you hadn't, I wouldn't have known about it.
Mary's voice was husky with emotion.
Mary's voice was husky because of her cold.
Tom wears a size husky.
Many music-lovers make pilgrimages to places like Abbey Road in London.
My friend you met the other day isn't a Canadian.
My French teacher isn't a Canadian.
Do you know any Canadians who can't speak French?
Tom will fix that for Mary.
I've always loved doing that.
Tom will never accept that.
Tom won't enjoy doing that.
I've been advised to do that.
Tom won't stop loving Mary.
I've been the one doing that.
I've been waiting to do that.
Tom would like to see Mary.
Tom said he'd like to see Mary do that.
I've just started doing that.
I've advised Tom to do that.
Do you still believe in magic?
Tom agreed to join our team.
I've been doing that too long.
Tom allowed Mary to come in.
I have to do that pretty soon.
You aren't Canadian, are you?
Tom and Mary said they weren't Canadians.
The problem is that you're not Canadians.
Tom isn't a Canadian, is he?
One of my best friends is a Canadian.
How did you know that I'm not Canadian?
You're Canadians, aren't you?
You're a Canadian, aren't you?
Many of my friends are Canadians.
Tom used to have a Canadian girlfriend.
All of us are Canadians.
A lot of Canadian tourists visit Boston.
Many Canadians visit Boston every year.
Kyoto is not as big as Osaka.
I don't speak Finnish.
She speaks Spanish.
It is hot today!
Have you met any Canadians here in Boston?
Tom didn't notice Mary had a new hairstyle.
Why are you scared of Tom?
Why is everybody afraid of Tom?
Why is everyone afraid of Tom?
Why is everybody scared of Tom?
Why is everyone scared of Tom?
Would you like half my sandwich?
Would you like half of my sandwich?
Tom wouldn't be able to do this.
Tom was busy and I was, too.
