Tom looked a little crazy.
Tom was sleepy and I was, too.
Perhaps we should forget it.
Tom pretended he was afraid.
I've done that for many years.
Tom rarely watches TV.
I've had no chance to do that.
I haven't had a chance to do that.
Tom will never let you sing.
I've never actually done that.
Tom won't be able to refuse.
Where will you go next summer?
Tom won't likely trust Mary.
Do you still do that every day?
According to the police, no one died.
According to the police, nobody died.
Tom's rowboat capsized.
According to weather report, it'll rain tomorrow.
Actually, Tom was the one I asked to do that.
Actually, I feel bad for Tom.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary aren't actually our real names.
Everybody is ready.
Not everyone is ready.
Not everybody is ready.
Tom is a cocaine addict.
Am I doing this wrong?
Am I doing this incorrectly?
Am I doing this the wrong way?
Tom is planning to get up early tomorrow.
Tom is planning to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom plans to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom plans to get up early tomorrow.
I intend to get up early tomorrow morning.
I'm going to try to get up early tomorrow morning.
Can I have some coffee?
Is this too small?
It snowed all day.
The soup Tom made wasn't too bad.
It's made of wool.
Let me talk first.
Let's go get them.
Let's wake Tom up.
Put on your socks.
Tell Tom I'm fine.
Tell Tom I'm here.
Put your socks on.
Do you have anything you want me to wash?
Tom can't hurt us.
This is Tom's dish.
It's too noisy here. Let's go somewhere else.
Tom is terribly shy.
Thanks for calling Tom.
Perhaps we can find a cheaper one at another store.
Perhaps we can find a cheaper one somewhere else.
Tom wouldn't murder anyone.
Tom wouldn't hit anyone.
There's a crack in this wall.
There's a lot of coffee left in the pot.
Tom definitely seemed happy.
There's a policeman outside.
Tom said he hated me.
Tom is only a teenager.
Tom said he wasn't cold.
There's nothing written on this piece of paper.
There's some water left.
Tom is drinking coffee now.
There's not much water left.
There's a policeman at the door.
I'm Tom's teacher.
Are Tom and Mary optimistic?
I think I'll leave early today.
I speak French with my parents.
Tom should've let Mary drive.
I'm already quite busy.
Why was Tom angry?
Tom is married now.
Those guys sing well.
Tom isn't my partner.
I like reading comics.
Tom could come tomorrow.
Tom could possibly come tomorrow.
I'll update you later.
We got dressed quickly.
How heavy is that box?
Tom is washing the windows in the kitchen right now.
Don't judge a man by the opinions of his enemies.
Sami took his hands off his face.
Sami sleeps with the light on.
Sami lived with a ghost.
Sami believed he was being stalked by a ghost.
Sami spends much of the day alone in the house.
I found an old rusty key in that room.
Sami is going to rot in hell.
Sami is going to rot in jail.
Sami will spend the rest of his life rotting in jail.
Sami was alone in the bathroom.
Sami is not going to let you in.
Sami looked around and nothing was there.
For a brat, you've said something very mature.
Life is a shadow.
What day is the fair?
The town where I live is very quiet and resembles a village.
If we push together, I'm sure that old rickety door will break.
My boss just decided my work was no good.
It cannot continue like this.
Everybody watched the president laugh with a puzzled expression on their faces.
Tom awoke to another gray morning.
Tom drank half a bottle of kefir and fell asleep early in the evening.
Tom is drinking too much coffee.
We confessed to killing Mary.
We confessed that we had killed Mary.
When I say the word "squirrel", what's the first thing that comes to your mind?
Tom was afraid that he'd just made the worst mistake of his life.
Mary was afraid that she'd just made the worst mistake of her life.
Tom's mother sat down on the bed next to him and read him a story.
Tom sat down on the bed next to Mary.
Tom died peacefully at his home in Boston in the early hours of the morning.
Stephen Hawking passed away today at the age of 76.
My intuition was correct.
Don't touch that!
She told me it was over.
He told me it was over.
Who are you to make that decision?
You'll pay for what you've done!
He wasn't exactly happy about it.
She wasn't exactly happy about it.
It's a good way to relieve stress.
Squeezing a stress ball is a good way to relieve stress.
Stephen Hawking once held a party for time travelers. He sent invitations only after the party.
Stephen Hawking once held a party for time travelers, but no one turned up.
Spotted dick is a British pudding made with suet and dried fruit.
Tom has dementia.
Tom put two and two together.
The cat is under the bed.
The cat is under the sofa.
Tom received a telegram.
I like writing poetry.
I like writing poems.
I started working here in 2013.
Tom would refuse to do that.
I've already agreed to do that.
Tom wouldn't accept my gift.
I've already filed a complaint.
Tom writes children's books.
I've apologized for doing that.
I convinced Tom not to leave.
I've asked Tom to do that again.
Tom added up all the numbers.
I've been learning how to swim.
Tom allowed Mary to go alone.
I've been told I can't do that.
Tom already knows about that.
I've done that for a few years.
Tom already knows about this.
I've done that for three years.
Tom will spend tomorrow here.
I've done that plenty of times.
Tom won't change his opinion.
I've made a mistake, haven't I?
Tom won't like being retired.
I've promised to do that today.
Tom wouldn't allow me to pay.
What kind of games do you play?
Tom almost never writes to us.
Have you ever been to a wedding?
Tom didn't let me in his room.
I have to do that before Monday.
Tom very rarely says anything.
I have to do that every morning.
Tom would like to stay longer.
I know an easier way to do that.
Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I've almost finished doing that.
Tom writes books for children.
I've already bought what I need.
Tom is probably going to be famous.
I'd like to know where Tom hid the key.
I want to know where Tom hid the key.
Tom was a very good banjo player before he had three of his fingers amputated.
Do you know where Tom hid the key?
I have no idea where Tom hid the key.
I don't know where Tom hid the key.
Tom wasn't exactly happy about what happened.
Tom told me it was over.
Tom auditioned for "American Idol."
He had never been kissed before.
She had never been kissed before.
Mary kissed him smack on the lips.
I was a bit uncomfortable.
"I was a bit uncomfortable," said Tom.
Tom was raised in a conservative family.
I wanted my first kiss to be special.
Tom said he was a bit uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was a bit uncomfortable.
What was Tom doing last night?
I've already bought what I want.
I've agreed to do that for Tom.
I've already finished breakfast.
I've done that, and so has Tom.
I've already finished my chores.
Tom almost never says anything.
I've already pledged to do that.
Tom will never understand that.
I've already spent my allowance.
Tom will remain for three days.
Tom won't come to school today.
I've been accused of doing that.
Tom wouldn't like to live here.
I've been doing that since 2013.
Tom, I must tell you something.
I've been spending time outside.
Recently, I've been spending a lot of time outside.
I've advised Tom not to do that.
I've been told I should do that.
I've promised to help Tom today.
I've been told never to do that.
Tom accepted the gift from Mary.
I've been told to do that again.
Tom allowed me to drive his car.
I've decided to keep doing that.
Tom almost never buys chocolate.
I've decided to quit doing that.
Tom almost never eats chocolate.
I've decided to stop doing that.
Tom also owns a house in Boston.
I've finally stopped doing that.
Tom didn't let Mary in his room.
I've never attempted to do that.
Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
What do you like about your job?
Tom never listens to what I say.
I've already been asked to leave.
Tom owns a house in Boston, too.
I've already promised to do that.
Tom wants a bigger refrigerator.
I've already turned in my report.
Tom will talk with you tomorrow.
I've been doing that all morning.
Tom won't likely leave tomorrow.
I've been doing that every night.
Tom wondered why Mary was there.
I've been doing that for a while.
Do you still have a crush on Tom?
Tom is unlikely to leave tomorrow.
Tom isn't likely to leave tomorrow.
My daughter plays the violin very well.
Tom is accustomed to long flights.
Silence! Tom is trying to think.
Tom doubts.
Tom crawls.
Tom paints.
Tom writes.
Tom is acting.
Tom leaves.
Tom screams.
Tom falls!
Tom advances.
Tom travels.
Tom slips.
Tom paints!
Tom is reprimanding Mary.
Tom is American.
Is Tom a witness?
We are busy, Tom.
Tom reads the newspaper.
Tom cut the tomatoes.
Tom likes to play billiards.
Hush! He's sleeping.
That was a long day.
The milk is quenching my thirst.
What kind of games were popular when you were a kid?
What kind of games were popular when you were a child?
Tom hoped that he wouldn't be blamed for the mess.
Tom hoped that he wouldn't be blamed for the problem.
Tom hoped that he wouldn't be blamed for what happened.
Tom hoped that he wouldn't be captured.
Tom hopes that he won't be asked to do that.
Tom hopes that he won't be chosen to do that.
Tom hopes he won't be demoted.
Tom hopes that he won't be demoted.
Tom hopes he won't be deported.
Tom hopes that he won't be deported.
Tom hopes he won't be disqualified.
Tom hopes that he won't be disqualified.
Tom hugged Mary. He also hugged Alice.
Tom hugged Mary. He hugged Alice as well.
Tom hugged Mary. He hugged Alice, too.
Tom kissed Mary. He also kissed Alice.
Tom kissed Mary. He kissed Alice as well.
Tom kissed Mary. He kissed Alice, too.
Tom needs to be told he can't do that.
Tom needs to be told that he can't do that.
Tom needs to be told he doesn't have to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom needs to be told he doesn't need to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom needs to be told he has to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he has to do that.
Tom needs to be told he has to leave.
Tom needs to be told that he has to leave.
Tom needs to be told he needs to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he needs to do that.
Tom needs to be told he should do that.
Tom needs to be told that he should do that.
Tom needs to be told he should wear a helmet.
Tom needs to be told that he should wear a helmet.
Tom needs to be told he shouldn't do that.
Tom needs to be told that he shouldn't do that.
Tom needs to be told he's required to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he's required to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he isn't required to do that.
Tom needs to be told that he's not required to do that.
Tom never listens to anybody.
Tom pretended he couldn't understand what was going on.
Tom pretended that he couldn't understand what was going on.
Tom saw Mary. He also saw John.
Tom saw Mary. He saw John as well.
Tom saw Mary. He saw John, too.
Tom was afraid he might be deported.
Tom was afraid that he might be deported.
Tom was afraid he might be disqualified.
Tom was afraid that he might be disqualified.
Tom was afraid he might be evicted.
Tom was afraid that he might be evicted.
Tom was afraid he might be expelled from school.
Tom was afraid that he might be expelled from schoo.
Tom was afraid he might be expelled.
Tom was afraid that he might be expelled.
Tom was afraid he might be fired.
Tom was afraid that he might be fired.
Tom was afraid he might be laid off.
Tom was afraid that he might be laid off.
Tom was afraid he might get deported.
Tom was afraid that he might get deported.
Tom was afraid he might get evicted.
Tom was afraid that he might get evicted.
Tom was afraid he might get expelled from school.
Tom was afraid that he might get expelled from school.
Tom was afraid he might get expelled.
Tom was afraid that he might get expelled.
Tom was afraid he might get fired.
Tom was afraid that he might get fired.
Tom was afraid he might get laid off.
Tom was afraid that he might get laid off.
Tom will probably not change his opinion.
Tom probably won't change his opinion.
Tom won't let anyone into his house.
Tom won't let anybody into his house.
Tom would never go there alone.
Tom would've eaten more if he'd had time.
Tom would've eaten more if he'd had time to.
Tom wouldn't kill anybody.
Tom wouldn't let anyone help him.
Tom wouldn't let anyone into his house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody into his house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone into his room.
Tom wouldn't let anybody into his room.
Tom writes Mary letters.
Tom writes letters to Mary.
Tom wrote Mary many letters.
Tom wrote many letters to Mary.
Tom wrote postcards to us.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning to swim.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning on swimming.
You ought to tell Tom you aren't planning on swimming.
You ought to tell Tom you aren't planning to swim.
You should tell Tom that you aren't planning to swim.
You should tell Tom that you aren't planning on swimming.
You should tell Tom you aren't planning on swimming.
You should tell Tom you aren't planning to swim.
I've already stopped doing that.
Tom wished he'd told Mary that.
I've been living here since 2013.
I thanked Tom for what he did for us.
I've been sneezing the whole day.
I'd never allowed Tom to do that.
I've been told I have to do that.
I've already told Tom about that.
I've been told I need to do that.
I've already told Tom how I feel.
I've decided to agree to do that.
I've asked Tom to do that for me.
I've asked Tom to do that for us.
I've forgotten to do that before.
I've been spending time with Tom.
I've gotten better at doing that.
I've done that more than Tom has.
I've already done that many times.
I've promised to do that for Tom.
I've been excused from doing that.
Tom has written an autobiography.
I've been learning how to do that.
Tom injured himself this morning.
I've been working here since 2013.
Tom wants to be a better swimmer.
I've decided not to do that today.
Tom will know what we have to do.
I've found an easy way to do that.
Tom will know what we need to do.
I've found another way to do that.
Tom will soon be able to go home.
I've never been afraid to do that.
Tom will spend a short time here.
When did you first use a computer?
Tom won't be back until tomorrow.
Do you know why we have to do that?
Tom worked until late last night.
Do you know why we need to do that?
Tom works for a Canadian company.
Do you still eat oatmeal every day?
Tom would've kept his mouth shut.
How many weddings have you been to?
Tom wouldn't have told Mary that.
I've already been asked to do that.
I've already begun studying French.
Didn't you know that Tom was here?
I've already complained about that.
Do you know why Tom is doing that?
I've already done that three times.
I hope Tom doesn't waste our time.
I've advised Tom to do that again.
I've been doing that since October.
I've already asked Tom to do that.
I've been told I shouldn't do that.
Tom filled the holes with sawdust.
I've found a better way to do that.
Tom gave his seat to an old woman.
I've promised not to do that again.
Tom lost his flashlight yesterday.
I've promised to do that this week.
Tom probably won't leave tomorrow.
What do you dislike about your job?
Why do you not like your job?
Tom refused to let me in his room.
Do you play any musical instruments?
Tom will do much better next time.
I apparently did that the wrong way.
Tom will know what we ought to do.
I've already said that I'll do that.
Tom will never know what happened.
Tom has been nice to everybody.
Tom has been nice to everyone.
We don't even know our own country anymore.
Don't be angry. I really have to rest.
The world has become poorer.
What a big boy Tom is!
When you see Tom, tell him I said hello.
Did you prefer Volume One or Volume Two?
Tom doesn't know the difference between a virus and a bacteria.
Tom is studying his lesson.
Tom paid five dollars for the meal.
I promise no one will get to know it.
I put the question in other way.
The answer is in the question.
He affirms that he saw a dragon.
Toys ‘R’ Us will be closing its doors after seventy years in business.
Tom regained his composure.
Mary regained her composure.
Cats and dogs are animals.
"Hi," Tom said shyly.
Tom panicked and ran.
Sweat ran down Tom's back.
I've become very good at doing that.
Tom will take you to the hospital.
I've been doing that for many years.
Tom will tell Mary not to do that.
I've been told to do that by myself.
Tom won't have to wait any longer.
I've done that at least three times.
Tom won't likely call you tonight.
I've finally learned how to do that.
Tom worked for us for three years.
I've found an easier way to do that.
Tom would've liked to stay longer.
When do you usually listen to music?
Tom, I'd like you to meet someone.
Do you still enjoy watching cartoons?
I have my reasons for not doing that.
I've already told Tom all about it.
I've already done that several times.
I've asked Tom to do that for Mary.
I've already done what I said I'd do.
Tom always complains about his job.
I've already promised not to do that.
Tom and Mary still love each other.
I've always had a problem doing that.
I've asked for permission to do that.
Tom took Mary to the train station.
I've been doing that for a long time.
Tom will be with us for three days.
I've been doing that for three years.
Tom will drive Mary to the airport.
I've been hiccuping all morning.
Tom will never get out of the jail.
What are some of your favorite foods?
Tom won the championship last year.
I managed to do that without any help.
I've advised Tom to stop doing that.
I've already bought everything I need.
I've already told Tom what happened.
I lost my train of thought.
A tall, slim girl, "half-past sixteen," with serious gray eyes and hair which her friends called auburn, had sat down on the broad red sandstone doorstep of a Prince Edward Island farmhouse one ripe afternoon in August.
She is the light of my life.
She was the light of my life.
I've already bought everything I want.
Tom agreed to pay us thirty dollars.
I've already finished doing my chores.
Tom is waiting on the porch for you.
I've become pretty good at doing that.
Tom rarely complains about anything.
I've been doing that for about a week.
Tom refused to let Mary in his room.
I've been doing that since about 2:30.
Are you sure Tom doesn't have a girlfriend?
Tom walked down the hall by himself.
I've been studying French every night.
Tom will likely not understand that.
I've been thinking about that all day.
Tom will probably accept your offer.
I've been told I have to do that again.
Tom will probably visit us tomorrow.
I've been told I should do that again.
Tom will show you how to catch fish.
I've been told that I have to do that again.
I've been told that I should do that again.
I love this music.
Do you like this kind of music?
I've been told never to do that again.
Tom will talk to someone about that.
I've been told that I have to do that.
Tom won't likely change his opinion.
I've been told that I need to do that.
Tom won't stop Mary from doing that.
I've been told to never do that again.
Tom works for an advertising agency.
Do you get along well with your family?
Tom wouldn't have said that to Mary.
Do you still go to church every Sunday?
What do you like the most about Tom?
Have you read all of these books?
You're the only one who asks those kinds of questions.
Did Tom say where he wanted to go?
Did Tom say when he'd come?
Did Tom say when he'd get here?
Did Tom say what time he'd be here?
Did Tom tell you when he'd be here?
Tom's parents are going to France.
Tom wants to take the bus to Paris.
I have almost no experience doing that.
I've advised Tom to start doing that.
I have to do that before I can go home.
I've already reminded Tom to do that.
I've already apologized for doing that.
I've decided not to do that with Tom.
Tom goes to the booth because he wants to see the author.
Tom would've liked to stay longer, but he had to get back to the office.
Tom wants to search for information.
Tom goes south because he needs the sun.
Tom is at Mary's home.
Tom is happy as a fish in water.
Tom is making great progress in English.
Oh, shoot! I forgot to call Uncle Tom.
At first, I believed that Tom was joking, but he was serious.
I've already been asked not to do that.
Tom always go to bed before midnight.
I've already been here for three hours.
Tom wants to be able to speak French.
I've already said that I won't do that.
Tom will be here as soon as possible.
Tom can't afford to have a car. Gas is too expensive.
How to become rich? Tom tells us the secret.
Mary is drinking a lemonade and Tom is drinking a beer.
My knees feel like butter.
Food intolerance causes fatigue.
Saturated fats cause inflammation.
Tom laughed so hard he farted.
Software is constantly evolving.
What's your book about?
Tom is reading a book of short stories.
Mary just bought a book on philosophy.
I've been asked to never do that again.
Tom will do that every day next week.
I've been ready to do that for a while.
Tom will do that in Boston next year.
I've been told I can't do that anymore.
Tom will find another lawyer for you.
I've decided not to do that ever again.
Tom wondered why Mary was so excited.
The travel guide describes many of the historic places in Boston.
Tom was about to fall, but Mary caught him.
I was surprised to learn that the library had only about four thousand books.
Tom wondered why Mary was so nervous.
I've had many opportunities to do that.
Tom would like to buy a Japanese car.
Didn't you know I wanted you to do that?
Didn't you know that I wanted you to do that?
Tom would like to get a Japanese car.
I've advised Tom not to do that again.
I've been having a hard time doing that.
I've already asked Tom not to do that.
I've been trying to do that all morning.
Purposefully blurring something is important for efficiency's sake.
Tom was sitting at his desk when a giant asteroid collided with the earth.
Sleep is important in many ways.
This vehicle is dangerous.
My French vocabulary is limited.
What a pleasure it is to use the new system.
I've already given Tom what he wanted.
I've decided not to continue doing that.
I've already persuaded Tom to do that.
I've decided to do that a different way.
I'll be over here doing nerd stuff.
Let's get a chicken.
Tom allowed Mary to drive his new car.
I've done that at least a hundred times.
Tom always seems to be in a good mood.
I've done that for the last three years.
Beer fatigues you because it causes a food intolerance and an immune response. It's not the alcohol.
Tom didn't allow me to enter his room.
Tom discovered Mary's terrible secret.
Didn't you know I didn't want to do that?
Tom lives in a small house by himself.
I've been doing that for about three years.
Tom showed me a better way to do that.
I've been doing that for three years now.
Tom will give you another chance.
I've been told I should do that tomorrow.
Tom will probably forget to buy bread.
I've been told I shouldn't do that again.
Tom will take his sister to the party.
I've decided to try to do that by myself.
Tom wondered whether Mary liked roses.
What programs do you usually watch on TV?
Tom works a lot to support his family.
What type of clothes do you like to wear?
Tom would like to be a better swimmer.
Do you have any free time during the week?
I've already taught Tom how to do that.
Do you still go to Boston every Christmas?
I've already told Tom what I can't eat.
I've already been punished for doing that.
I've promised to go to Boston with Tom.
I've decided to give up trying to do that.
Tom repairs his bicycle.
I know why Mary wants to divorce Tom and I have figured out it was the only solution.
Do you think Tom can return?
Tom's uncle can only comprehend a quarter of a tenth of all these mysteries.
Somewhere there is a spy that speaks Esperanto fluently.
These are the action adventures of Esperanto Man!
Faster than a turning page. Faster than a baby's yawn. Esperanto Man to the rescue!
The sun seemed redder than usual.
The president's words were heard by the whole nation.
It's Tom's book.
It's in Europe.
It's always with me.
She is always with me.
It's technically legal.
Tom had a lightbulb moment.
I've got a soccer game tomorrow.
Her life is in your hands.
Will you just shut up for a moment?
Will you play with me tomorrow?
Binge drinking is a serious problem among young people.
Underage drinking is a serious problem.
Tom is having financial problems again.
I've done that more than most people have.
Tom rarely goes to bed before midnight.
I've just started learning how to do that.
Tom will come over to my place tonight.
I've known how to do that for a long time.
Tom will spend next weekend doing that.
What kinds of clothes do you like to wear?
Tom would like something cold to drink.
Didn't you know I wanted Tom to do that?
I've been doing that for about three weeks.
Do you still always speak French to Tom?
Do you still always speak to Tom in French?
I've been ready to do that for a long time.
Do you still help Tom with his homework?
I've been told I shouldn't do that anymore.
How often do you and Tom see each other?
I haven't had many opportunities to do that.
I've advised Tom not to do that anymore.
I've been doing that for almost three years.
I've advised Tom not to stop doing that.
I've been learning how to cook Chinese food.
I've already thanked Tom for doing that.
I've been told several times not to do that.
I've already told Tom what I have to do.
I've been told that I don't have to do that.
I've already told Tom what I need to do.
I've been told that I don't need to do that.
I've already told Tom what I want to do.
I've been told that I'm required to do that.
I've already told Tom what he has to do.
I've been trying to do that for a long time.
Tom almost got killed trying to save me.
Didn't you know I didn't want you to do that?
Tom didn't allow Mary to enter his room.
How many hours of TV do you watch every week?
How many hours a week do you watch TV?
Tom has agreed to pay us thirty dollars.
I have to do that before I can go home today.
Tom is the only one without an umbrella.
I've already bought everything I need to buy.
Tom went to the train station with Mary.
Do you think there's too much violence on TV?
I've been doing that for the last three years.
Both Tom and John fell in love with Mary.
What kind of things do you like doing with your friends?
I've advised Tom not to start doing that.
Do you still drink as much beer as you used to?
I've already told Tom what I have to buy.
Do you still play golf as often as you used to?
I've already told Tom what I need to buy.
I have enough time to do that before I go home.
I've already told Tom what I want to buy.
I've already done everything I was asked to do.
I've already told Tom what I want to eat.
I've been listening to classical music all day.
I've already told Tom what he should buy.
I've been told not to try to do that by myself.
I've already told Tom what he should say.
I've asked Tom to show me how to do that.
Do you still go bowling as often as you used to?
Tom has been living here for a long time.
I've already done most of what needs to be done.
Tom was the only one without an umbrella.
I've already finished doing what I needed to do.
Tom will have only one chance to do that.
I've been doing that for quite a few of years.
Tom won't be so difficult to convince.
It won't be so difficult to convince Tom.
I've been doing that for three and a half years.
I've been told that I'm not required to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary liked swimming.
I've decided not to do that while I'm in Boston.
Tom would like to change seats with Mary.
I've just started learning how to play the tuba.
Didn't you know that Tom didn't like Mary?
Do you still go swimming as often as you used to?
Do you still go out with Tom every Monday?
I've done that at least a hundred times, I think.
Do you still go to the same school as Tom?
Do you think there's too much violence in movies?
I've already asked Tom not to leave early.
What kind of games were popular when you were young?
I've already told Tom what he ought to do.
I don't have enough time to do that before I go home.
Tom always blames others for his mistakes.
What was your favorite subject in junior high school?
Tom didn't know what had happened to Mary.
I've already accomplished what I wanted to accomplish.
Tom is going to drive Mary to the airport.
I've already made a lot of new friends here in Boston.
Tom refused to allow me to enter his room.
I've been working part-time as a waiter since October.
Tom will be back by the time you get here.
What kind of music did you like when you were younger?
What kind of music did you like when you were in high school?
Tom will install the new software for you.
What's the weather like in the summer in your country?
Tom won't be allowed to drive for a while.
They gave a piece of cake to Tom.
This should not be told but Tom is an alcoholic and he beats Mary, his wife.
Tom answers the telephone.
Tom says that he's never tasted whale meat.
Tom does not know the difference between steak tartar and a door mat.
Tom does not know the difference between a check and a Czech.
Tom bought, for his rendezvous, a flower and a gifts.
After sleeping, Tom will surely be in a better mood.
Tom does not understand Sanskrit.
Tom repaired his bicycle.
Tom is repairing his bicycle.
Tom is fixing his bicycle.
Tom fixed his bicycle.
Tom is a very good person.
The old man is sitting at the window.
I'll never drink again.
I hope Tom is all right.
The horse is pulling the carriage.
Everybody made fun of me.
Do you prefer going out or staying at home on weekends?
Tom wondered whether Mary had any friends.
I've been told I need to do that at least one more time.
Tom would like to be able to speak French.
Can you remember the first time you ever used a computer?
Do you still have a key to Tom's apartment?
This isn't the first time that I've forgotten to do that.
I've advised Tom to start doing that again.
Do you play a musical instrument? If so, what do you play?
I've already told Tom not to do that again.
I promise to pay back the money I owe you by the end of the month.
I've asked Tom to show Mary how to do that.
I've been having a hard time staying awake during history classes.
Tom and I had a long discussion about that.
I like ham.
Who'll tell Tom?
I like beef.
I like eggs.
Tom paid in cash.
I like golf.
I saw Tom come in.
I like bowling.
Tom is quite late.
Won't you sing?
Tom must like you.
I need to fix it.
Tom needs a hobby.
Our dog ran away.
Tom was in prison.
I received a job offer.
I've been trying to convince Tom to do that.
I think I'll take that.
I want some onion soup.
Tom refused to allow Mary to enter his room.
I won't buy this shirt.
Tom works at a restaurant not far from here.
I'll buy you something.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to Boston?
I'll call the Jacksons.
Sami was getting boobs.
Sami started getting boobs.
Sami has already ordered something.
Sami took his braces off.
Sami loves this picture.
Sami wanted to keep that picture.
Sami was pulling away from that friendship.
Sami looked at Layla's boobs.
Sami's friends are gay.
Sami wasn't even drinking.
Sami is Farid's stage name.
Sami is Farid's last name.
Sami sent this to me.
Sami knew my real name.
Sami doesn't really go by this name.
Sami was watching torture porn.
Sami's story doesn't have any moral.
Sami likes making friends.
Tom has been married to Mary for twenty years.
The secret of good prose resides in the rhythm of the language.
There are the words that make me cry.
You said a word that makes me laugh.
Sami lives in a very small town.
Sami wanted to go to the mall.
Sami was in the mall.
Sami didn't see Layla at all.
Sami was in the store when Layla was in there.
Sami wasn't interested in any girl.
Sami put Layla as his Facebook wife.
Sami doesn't answer random numbers.
Sami doesn't answer numbers he doesn't know.
Sami doesn't like answering numbers he doesn't know.
Sami was bullying Layla.
Sami didn't want to answer Layla's phone calls.
Sami didn't give his phone to Layla.
Sami has been bullying Layla.
Sami was harassing Layla.
Sami has given me his number.
Mary had some anger issues.
Tom doesn't know the difference between linen and wool.
Tom asked Mary if she was afraid of the storm.
Tom was angry with Mary because she was in his parking space.
Tom's parents are both killers.
Tom's parents are both murderers.
Tom doesn't know the difference between the "United States" and "America".
Tom doesn't know the difference between a wolf and a fox.
Tom never took German.
Tom wasn't used to talking about work at home.
Tom works at the Ministry of Culture.
Tom stepped on the rake.
No, this is not possible. I dream.
Tom paints figurines.
Tom paints military figurines.
In my heart, I know that the entire force of the French military is ready to protect me even though I'm eating eggs in a cafe in California.
Sami gave Layla's video a thumbs up.
Sami's video got a million views.
Sami's stalker is in prison.
Does camo count on St. Patrick's Day?
Then fury spurred their courage, and behold, / As ravening wolves, when darkness hides the day, / Stung with mad fire of famine uncontrolled, / Prowl from their dens, and leave the whelps to stay, / With jaws athirst and gaping for the prey. / So to sure death, amid the darkness there, / Where swords, and spears, and foemen bar the way, / Into the centre of the town we fare. / Night with her shadowy cone broods o'er the vaulted air.
Then, like wolves ravening in a black fog, whom mad malice of hunger hath driven blindly forth, and their cubs left behind await with throats unslaked; through the weapons of the enemy we march to certain death, and hold our way straight into the town. Night's sheltering shadow flutters dark around us.
He earned a law degree.
Insecurity rules next to chaos in the city of Rio de Janeiro.
This too sometime we shall haply remember with delight.
Someday it may be pleasing to recall even these moments.
I'm afraid that Tom is involved in a crime.
Tom believes he knows what he's doing, but clearly he doesn't.
Mary will almost certainly sue Tom over what she perceives as an unjust dismissal.
Of arms I sing, and of the man, whom Fate / first drove from Troy to the Lavinian shore.
Full many an evil, through the mindful hate / of cruel Juno, from the gods he bore, / much tost on earth and ocean.
I should never have started smoking.
Yea, and more, / in war enduring, ere he built a home, / and his loved household-deities brought o'er / to Latium, whence the Latin people come, / whence rose the Alban sires, and walls of lofty Rome.
Tom decided to take justice into his own hands.
Everyone told me the same thing.
After Tom came to learn that he was suffering from laryngeal cancer, his vocal cords were removed, and he now breathes through a hole in his throat.
This is not how I wanted this to end.
O Muse, assist me and inspire my song, / the various causes and the crimes relate, / for what affronted majesty, what wrong / to injured Godhead, what offence so great / Heaven's Queen resenting, with remorseless hate, / could one renowned for piety compel / to brave such troubles, and endure the weight / of toils so many and so huge. O tell / how can in heavenly minds such fierce resentment dwell?
The soldiers were billeted in villages.
The soldiers eat in the mess hall.
Tom knew how to repair the computer.
This series of books comprises forty-eight volumes.
Ken is tall, not me.
Mary sniffed rails of coke to forget that during this time, Tom, her husband, cheated on her.
The Second World War is still not over.
There stood a city, fronting far away / the mouths of Tiber and Italia's shore, / a Tyrian settlement of olden day, / rich in all wealth, and trained to war's rough lore, / Carthage the name, by Juno loved before / all places, even Samos.
He's a raving egomaniac.
Tom is a raving egomaniac.
You asked for my opinion.
"You asked for my opinion." "No, I didn't!"
Tom can't hide his anxiety any longer.
Here were shown / her arms, and here her chariot; evermore / e'en then this land she cherished as her own, / and here, should Fate permit, had planned a world-wide throne.
I really like Tatoeba.
But she had heard, how men of Trojan seed / those Tyrian towers should level, how again / from these in time a nation should proceed, / wide-ruling, tyrannous in war, the bane / (so Fate was working) of the Libyan reign.
This feared she, mindful of the war beside / waged for her Argives on the Trojan plain; / nor even yet had from her memory died / the causes of her wrath, the pangs of wounded pride.
Tom wondered why Mary was so upset.
The choice of Paris, and her charms disdained, / the hateful race, the lawless honours ta'en / by ravished Ganymede – these wrongs remained.
Tom thanked Pierre for the help he had received from him.
So fired with rage, the Trojans' scanty train / by fierce Achilles and the Greeks unslain / she barred from Latium, and in evil strait / for many a year, on many a distant main / they wandered, homeless outcasts, tost by fate.
Tom's dog likes playing fetch.
So huge, so hard the task to found the Roman state.
Tom's expensive tastes put a strain on the family's finances.
Mary has expensive tastes.
Tom wanted Mary to cooperate.
Scarce out of sight of Sicily, they set / their sails to sea, and merrily ploughed the main, / with brazen beaks, when Juno, harbouring yet / within her breast the ever-ranking pain, / mused thus: "Must I then from the work refrain, / nor keep this Trojan from the Latin throne, / baffled, forsooth, because the Fates constrain?"
The devil is an egoist.
"Could Pallas burn the Grecian fleet, and drown / their crews, for one man's crime, Oileus' frenzied son?"
"She, hurling Jove's winged lightning, stirred the deep / and strewed the ships. Him, from his riven breast / the flames outgasping, with a whirlwind's sweep / she caught and fixed upon a rock's sharp crest."
"But I, who walk the Queen of Heaven confessed, / Jove's sister-spouse, shall I forevermore / with one poor tribe keep warring without rest? / Who then henceforth shall Juno's power adore? / Who then her fanes frequent, her deity implore?"
One can not find such things everywhere.
Such thoughts revolving in her fiery mind, / straightway the Goddess to AEolia passed, / the storm-clouds' birthplace, big with blustering wind.
Here AEolus within a dungeon vast / the sounding tempest and the struggling blast / bends to his sway and bridles them with chains.
They, in the rock reverberant held fast, / moan at the doors. Here, throned aloft, he reigns; / his sceptre calms their rage, their violence restrains: / else earth and sea and all the firmament / the winds together through the void would sweep.
But, fearing this, the Sire omnipotent / hath buried them in caverns dark and deep, / and o'er them piled huge mountains in a heap, / and set withal a monarch, there to reign, / by compact taught at his command to keep / strict watch, and tighten or relax the rein.
Him now Saturnia sought, and thus in lowly strain: / "O AEolus, for Jove, of human kind / and Gods the sovran Sire, hath given to thee / to lull the waves and lift them with the wind, / a hateful people, enemies to me, / their ships are steering o'er the Tuscan sea, / bearing their Troy and vanquished gods away / to Italy."
"Go, set the storm-winds free, / and sink their ships or scatter them astray, / and strew their corpses forth, to weltering waves a prey."
"Twice seven nymphs have I, beautiful to see; / one, Deiopeia, fairest of the fair, / in lasting wedlock will I link to thee, / thy life-long years for such deserts to share, / and make thee parent of an offspring fair."
Can you simplify the jargon for me?
Technical language requires great accuracy.
"Speak, Queen," he answered, "to obey is mine. / To thee I owe this sceptre and whate'er / of realm is here; thou makest Jove benign, / thou giv'st to rule the storms and sit at feasts divine."
So spake the God and with her hest complied, / and turned the massive sceptre in his hand / and pushed the hollow mountain on its side. / Out rushed the winds, like soldiers in a band, / in wedged array, and, whirling, scour the land.
The sun beamed into Tom's eyes.
The rays of the sun partially blinded Tom.
The sun illuminated Tom through the branches.
While Tom looked out the window a shooting star crossed the sky.
East, West and squally South-west, with a roar, / swoop down on Ocean, and the surf and sand / mix in dark eddies, and the watery floor / heave from its depths, and roll huge billows to the shore. / Then come the creak of cables and the cries / of seamen.
You ask a lot, Tom.
I need your help to find Tom.
Tom and Mary got married secretly.
Tom and Mary had their honeymoon in a foreign land.
Clouds the darkened heavens have drowned, / and snatched the daylight from the Trojans' eyes. / Black night broods on the waters; all around / from pole to pole the rattling peals resound / and frequent flashes light the lurid air. / All nature, big with instant ruin, frowned / destruction.
Then AEneas' limbs with fear / were loosened, and he groaned and stretched his hands in prayer. / "Thrice, four times blest, who, in their fathers' face / fell by the walls of Ilion far away!"
"O son of Tydeus, bravest of the race, / why could not I have perished, too, that day / beneath thine arm, and breathed this soul away / far on the plains of Troy, where Hector brave / lay, pierced by fierce AEacide, where lay / giant Sarpedon, and swift Simois' wave / rolls heroes, helms and shields, whelmed in one watery grave?"
Thanks, Tom. That got me right in the heart.
Tom addressed Ken.
Tom is as agile as a monkey.
When the police interrogated Tom, he defended himself well because he had concrete alibis.
Before talking with Tom, Mary armed herself with courage.
Tom, well and truly, fell deeply in love with Mary.
Since being suspected of murder, Tom lived like a hunted animal.
E'en as he cried, the hurricane from the North / struck with a roar against the sail. Up leap / the waves to heaven.
The shattered oars start forth; / round swings the prow, and lets the waters sweep / the broadside. Onward comes a mountain heap / of billows, gaunt, abrupt.
What do we understand when we talk about loyalty?
These, horsed astride / a surge's crest, rock pendent o'er the deep; / to those the wave's huge hollow, yawning wide, / lays bare the ground below; dark swells the sandy tide.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Three ships the South-wind catching hurls away / on hidden rocks, which (Latins from of yore / have called them "Altars") in mid ocean lay, / a huge ridge level with the tide.
It is a great error to take oneself for more than one is, or for less than one is worth.
Three more / fierce Eurus from the deep sea dashed ashore / on quicks and shallows, pitiful to view, / and round them heaped the sandbanks.
One, that bore / the brave Orontes and his Lycian crew, / full in AEneas' sight a toppling wave o'erthrew. / Dashed from the tiller, down the pilot rolled. / Thrice round the billow whirled her, as she lay, / then whelmed below.
Now fail the ships wherein Achates ride / and Abas; old Aletes' bark gives way, / and brave Ilioneus'. Each loosened side / through many a gaping seam lets in the baleful tide.
Strewn here and there behold / arms, planks, lone swimmers in the surges grey, / and treasures snatched from Trojan homes away.
They are going to stay here for several days.
They will be staying here for several days.
He changed his mind as a result of the marriage.
He wants to become a doctor.
Since Mary left, Tom drinks like a fish.
He hasn't got much upstairs.
For sure.
Picard is an oïl language.
I'm going to strangle him.
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here a few moments ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here a few minutes ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here just a few moments ago."
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know. He was here just a few minutes ago."
I can only stay a minute.
I can only stay a few minutes.
I'll tell you everything from the beginning.
Tom has a good excuse.
Tom also teaches geography and history.
I've never hurt Tom.
I hope we find it.
Tom was on campus.
I need to find it.
Tom won't find me.
I prefer comedies.
Tom won't find us.
Shouldn't we help?
Tom won't help me.
The pizza is here.
Tom won't stop me.
Tom's dog is dead.
Here are your bags.
When will Tom eat?
I don't have a cow.
Will Tom help you?
I found a good job.
Will you kiss Tom?
I hated doing that.
Will you warn Tom?
I haven't paid yet.
You must like Tom.
I just sold my car.
You must warn Tom.
I live near a park.
I left Tom at home.
I need a corkscrew.
I met Tom recently.
I never drink beer.
I saw you kiss Tom.
Tom only has eyes for Mary.
Tom is a horn dog.
Tom is a cassanova.
Tom and Mary slept under the stars.
Tom refused to play with the guinea pigs.
Tom has a heart made of stone.
Tom accumulates debt on top of debt.
Tom's neighbor has a good heart.
Tom overcame all obstacles and difficulties.
Tom's girlfriend cheered him on.
Mary jabbed him in the ribs.
Tom jabbed Mary in the ribs.
We all cheered him up.
Tom has the heart of a lion.
Tom felt better after the conversation.
Tom gathered all his resources to solve the problem.
So, who's the lucky one?
Tom is well-known and notorious.
Tom and Ken are like peas in a pod.
I said it was fine.
It's time Tom left.
I think I know her.
Make it short, Tom.
I think it'll work.
Those are from Tom.
I want that guitar.
Tom can't fire you.
I won't let you in.
Tom didn't call me.
I'd like some beer.
Tom has hired Mary.
I'd like some wine.
Tom has small feet.
I'm not a pacifist.
Tom ignored us all.
I'm not so worried.
Tom is still dazed.
It'll be safe here.
Tom let Mary speak.
It's a new bicycle.
Tom must help Mary.
Leave me alone, OK?
Tom must warn Mary.
My ears are frozen.
Tom stole a camera.
Please come in now.
We left Tom behind.
Should I wait here?
What a wonderful day it was today!
Tom is as happy as a clam.
Did you know Tom couldn't speak French?
Did you know Tom couldn't swim?
Did you know that Tom couldn't swim?
Did you know Tom was adopted?
Did you know that Tom was adopted?
Did you know Tom was here?
Did you know that Tom was here?
Didn't you know I didn't want Tom to do that?
Didn't you know that I didn't want Tom to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom was Mary's boyfriend?
Didn't you know that Tom wasn't going to do that?
Do you mean you can't speak French?
Do you mean that you can't speak French?
Do you still have that bicycle I gave you?
Do you still have that bicycle that I gave you?
Has anybody here seen Tom today?
I apparently did that wrong.
I apparently did that incorrectly.
I didn't know that you didn't know how to speak French.
I didn't realize I'd been doing that the wrong way.
I didn't realize that I'd been doing that the wrong way.
I don't drink beer often.
I don't drink wine often.
I haven't yet applied for a visa.
I haven't applied for a visa yet.
I know nothing about art.
I know that isn't the truth.
I know you're not happy.
I like everyone here, including Tom.
I like everybody here, including Tom.
I like everyone here.
I like everybody here.
I listened to everyone.
I realize I've been doing that the wrong way.
I realize that I've been doing that the wrong way.
I saw someone kiss Tom.
I saw someone kissing Tom.
I saw somebody kissing Tom.
I smiled at everyone.
I went back to bed and slept for another three hours.
I went back to bed and slept for three more hours.
I'll be here for at least another three years.
I'll go tell everyone.
I'm sure I'll see Tom again.
I'm sure that I'll see Tom again.
I'm sure Tom will do much better next time.
I'm sure that Tom will do much better next time.
I'm sure Tom will refuse to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will refuse to do that.
I've already promised Tom I'd help him.
I've already promised Tom that I'd help him.
I've already said I'll do that.
I've already told Tom he can't do that.
I've already told Tom that he can't do that.
I've already told Tom that he has to do that.
I've already told Tom he needs be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I've already told Tom that he needs be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I've already told Tom he won't be allowed to do that.
I've already told Tom that he won't be allowed to do that.
I've already told Tom he won't be permitted to do that.
I've already told Tom that he won't be permitted to do that.
I've already told Tom how much the tickets will cost.
I've already told Tom how much the tickets are going to cost.
I've already told Tom I don't want him to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't want him to do that.
I've already told Tom I don't want to do that.
I've already told Tom that I don't want to do that.
I've already told Tom I don't plan on doing that.
I've already told Tom I don't plan to do that.
I've already told Tom I have to do that.
I've already told Tom that I have to do that.
I've already told Tom I need to do that.
I've already told Tom that I need to do that.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
I've already told Tom that I plan on staying in Boston for three more weeks.
I've already told Tom I want to do that.
I've already told Tom that I want to do that.
I've already waited for three hours.
I've waited for three hours already.
I've been doing that for a really long time.
I've been doing that for a very long time.
I've been doing that for more than thirty years.
I've been doing that for over thirty years.
I've been doing that my entire life.
I've been doing that my whole life.
I've been living in this dorm for three and a half years.
I've been living in this dormitory for three and a half years.
I've been planning on doing that for months.
I've been planning to do that for months.
I've been planning on doing that.
I've been planning to do that.
I've been playing golf a lot lately.
I've been playing golf a lot recently.
I've been waiting all morning for someone to do that.
I've been waiting all morning for somebody to do that.
I've decided I'll do that.
I've decided I'll try to do that.
I've decided that I'll try to do that.
I've decided I'm the one who ought to do that.
I've decided that I'm the one who ought to do that.
I've decided that I'm the one who should do that.
I've known how to do that since I was a kid.
I've known how to do that since I was a child.
I've let my children do that many times.
I've let my kids do that many times.
Show the picture to Tom.
Tell Tom Mary is sick.
Tell Tom that Mary is sick.
There's someone at the front door. Go see who it is.
There's somebody at the front door. Go see who it is.
Tom gets sick quite often.
Tom quite often gets sick.
We owe Tom a lot.
We owe a lot to Tom.
You aren't doing anything now, are you?
You're not doing anything now, are you?
You aren't helping a lot.
You're not helping a lot.
You're shorter than me.
You're shorter than I am.
I ended up with Tom.
Should we help you?
I only met Tom once.
They don't like us.
I'll go get Tom now.
Wait. I'll be back.
I'm calling Tom now.
What movie is this?
Is Tom already back?
When will you move?
Tom can't fire Mary.
Where will I sleep?
Tom let Mary escape.
Are these your skis?
Tom made Mary smile.
I could've used it.
Tom often says that.
I don't have a list.
Where's Tom's watch?
I don't like flying.
Why is Tom standing?
I felt rather lucky.
Why isn't Tom tired?
I found it exciting.
Are those Tom's sons?
I get scared easily.
I like Tom's company.
I had fun in Boston.
I won't wait for Tom.
I have a dishwasher.
I'm Tom's new lawyer.
I have them with me.
Tom has good posture.
I have to repair it.
Tom is a bit under the weather.
I have to fix it.
Tom acted on a whim.
Is there anything I can do to help you?
Tom is a handsome man and he turns the women's heads.
To attain his goal, Tom moved the heaven and earth.
Tom eats rice with a spoon; Mary, in contrast, prefers chopsticks.
How can a man come to know himself? Never by thinking, but by doing. Try to do your duty, and you will know at once what you are worth.
I barely remember Tom.
I have to stop them.
I have to contact Tom.
I like snowboarding.
I know Tom helped you.
Good show, Tom! You're the best!
Tom is sitting all day in his room accomplishing nothing.
I can promise to be sincere, but not to be impartial.
Time itself is an element.
Tom and Mary are indulging in alcohol.
Tom is like this dog; he's found his master in Mary.
I like that sweater.
I know Tom hired Mary.
I like volunteering.
I pretended to be Tom.
I like water skiing.
Tom found something shiny.
Tom is an ape.
Tom does not have a tail.
What do chimpanzees eat?
I sent Tom some money.
I play the trombone.
I told Tom some jokes.
I really love roses.
I'll write Tom a note.
I sang in the choir.
I bet Tom knows French.
I should thank them.
I couldn't wake Tom up.
I'll tell the truth.
I finally defeated Tom.
I'll try to find it.
I know Tom helped Mary.
I'm sick of burgers.
I'm sick of hamburgers.
Are those Tom's children?
Which movie is this?
The lift is out of order today.
Sami gave Layla a wink.
Sami is pretty weird.
Sami was making a video.
Sami went to the local grocery store.
Sami wore his uniform.
Sami was in the makeup aisles.
Sami recognized the guy.
Sami works here.
Sami was looking at Layla's shirt.
Sami doesn't know Layla's name.
Sami has been there a couple of times.
Sami was talking to Layla.
Sami tried to sell his car.
Sami found that weird.
Sami felt really awkward.
Sami left the store.
Sami wasn't expecting Layla.
Sami came on Saturday.
Sami saw Layla and his heart dropped.
Sami must have known Layla's name.
Sami still smells the same scent.
Sami told me that the manager requested me.
Sami ordered breakfast.
Sami gave Layla the breakfast menu.
Sami brought everything that he needed for his meal.
Sami didn't tell Layla his name.
Sami told Layla what happened.
Sami kept eying Layla.
Sami kept looking at Layla.
Sami dyed his hair blond.
Sami is used to it.
Sami went back to the kitchen.
Sami took the food out.
Sami put the plates in the kitchen.
Sami grabbed my arm.
Sami asked Layla to give him her number.
Sami's heart was beating super-fast.
Sami went to the office.
Sami took Layla's credit card.
Sami paid with Layla's credit card.
Sami received another receipt.
Sami was waiting for something.
Sami was looking up information about that guy.
Jim is a registered pedophile in Brussels.
Sami was super-busy.
Sami's uniform had his name and initials on it.
Sami made eye contact with Layla.
Sami's heart fell.
Sami knew Layla.
Sami used to work at the restaurant.
Sami came up close to me.
Sami never forgets a pretty face.
Sami finished the transaction and left.
Sami lied about who he was.
Sami had problems with Layla in the past.
Aart is a registered pedophile in Amsterdam.
Sami looked at Layla up and down.
Aart is a dangerous pedophile.
Sami wanted to make sure Layla wasn't there.
Aart joined ISIS in 2016.
Sami was looking for Layla again.
Sami talked about Layla.
Sami scares me.
Aart is a dangerous stalker.
Sami had a bad feeling in his stomach.
Sami should trust his gut.
Sami had a stomachache.
Sami gave Layla's video thumbs up.
Aart left Belgium to join ISIS.
Aart's story is very interesting.
Aart joined ISIS.
Aart watched many ISIS videos.
Aart is an ISIS defector.
Aart decided to leave Belgium to go and join ISIS.
Aart got increasingly radicalized.
Aart is seen in this ISIS video inside Syria.
Aart arrived in Syria to join ISIS.
Aart brought his children to ISIS-controlled Raqqa from Amsterdam.
Aart wanted to join ISIS.
Aart got more and more radical as time went on.
Aart, a Belgian-born ISIS terrorist, died in Syria.
Aart, a Belgian-born ISIS terrorist, was trying to recruit young Belgians to join the deadly terrorist organziation.
Sami was out of work.
Once upon a time there lived a princess and a prince.
I live in Brazil.
I study in the morning.
Love the Lord with all your heart.
I will buy a garbage bag.
Come along!
Come home!
She came along.
James sold his car.
He broke his leg.
He was rich.
She was very young.
There is a problem with my computer!
There is a restaurant near here.
My husband gave me a red car.
I will buy a big house.
We ran back and forth, carrying buckets of water.
Employees were always complaining about their wages, their working conditions, and so forth.
Sami jumped off a cliff.
Sami had a panic attack.
Sami had an anxiety attack.
Sami was chasing Layla.
Sami is having a panic attack.
Sami never goes out of his house.
Sami wanted to watch more videos like these.
Sami lived in Cairo with his parents.
Sami is saying this for your own safety.
Sami showed Layla's e-mail to Farid.
Sami wanted to solve the problem for Layla.
Sami didn't want to let Layla know that he knew what was going on.
Sami took pictures every single day.
Sami was making YouTube videos.
Sami sent the photos to Layla's e-mail.
Sami got an e-mail from Google.
Sami is not a hacker.
Sami started reading.
Sami wrote long posts.
Sami had access to Layla's Facebook account.
Sami needs to be arrested.
Sami shared the post with a couple of friends.
Sami won't back down.
Sami is doing that.
Sami doesn't know how to hack.
Sami is not really a hacker.
The country has a large population.
Sami is gonna pay for what he's doing.
Sami hasn't done anything.
Tom was wearing a straw hat.
The magpie is a bird.
The ibis is a wading bird.
The crane is a wading bird.
The heron is a wading bird.
The flamingo is a wading bird.
The hawk is a bird of prey.
The eagle is a bird of prey.
The falcon is a bird of prey.
Tom answered in the negative.
Tom answered in the same language.
Tom answered in the same low tone.
Tom answered with laughter.
Tom answered with a harsh laugh.
Tom answered with a contemptuous laugh.
Tom answered with another shrug.
Meanwhile great Neptune, sore amazed, perceived / the storm let loose, the turmoil of the sky, / and ocean from its lowest depths upheaved. / With calm brow lifted o'er the sea, his eye...
... beholds Troy's navy scattered far and nigh, / and by the waves and ruining heaven oppressed / the Trojan crews. Nor failed he to espy / his sister's wiles and hatred.
East and West / he summoned to his throne, and thus his wrath expressed. / "What pride of birth possessed you, Earth and air / without my leave to mingle in affray, / and raise such hubbub in my realm?"
"Beware... / Yet first 'twere best these billows to allay. / Far other coin hereafter ye shall pay / for crimes like these."
"Presumptuous winds, begone, / and take your king this message, that the sway / of Ocean and the sceptre and the throne / Fate gave to me, not him; the trident is my own."
"He holds huge rocks; these, Eurus, are for thee, / there let him glory in his hall and reign, / but keep his winds close prisoners."
Thus he, / and, ere his speech was ended, smoothed the main, / and chased the clouds and brought the sun again.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
The day dragged.
The lecture dragged.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Happy Paddy's Day!
The future is in your hands.
"How do I look?" "You look beautiful."
Tom tried to intervene.
You two are quite the pair.
You two make quite the pair.
They both seemed to be having fun.
What else do you know about him?
What else do you know about her?
"What else do you know about him?" "Not much."
"What else do you know about her?" "Not much."
Tom is a contractor.
Tom is a subcontractor.
Tom looked at the fire.
They appeared to be having fun.
Tom's face was covered in bruises.
Tom tried to intervene and Mary punched him in the face.
Tom let the genie out of the bottle.
Tom tried to put the genie back in the bottle.
Let's get cracking.
The contract was awarded to the lowest bidder.
I feel like I'm running in circles.
Mary looked marvelous.
Mary looks marvelous.
He's got it bad.
She's got it bad.
Tom complained about everything.
Triton, Cymothoe from the rock's sharp brow / push off the vessels. Neptune plies amain / his trident-lever, lays the sandbanks low, / on light wheels shaves the deep, and calms the billowy flow.
Tom is planning a trip to Europe.
Tom and Mary are planning a trip to Europe.
Tom is planning a trip to Japan.
As when in mighty multitudes bursts out / sedition, and the wrathful rabble rave; / rage finds them arms; stones, firebrands fly about.
Then if some statesman reverend and grave, / stand forth conspicuous, and the tumult brave / all, hushed, attend; his guiding words restrain / their angry wills.
So sank the furious wave, / when through the clear sky looking o'er the main, / the sea-king lashed his steeds and slacked the favouring rein.
He is a slave.
You must complete the treatment until the end.
Tired out, the Trojans seek the nearest land / and turn to Libya.
In a far retreat / there lies a haven; towards the deep doth stand / an island, on whose jutting headlands beat / the broken billows, shivered into sleet.
Two towering crags, twin giants, guard the cove, / and threat the skies. The waters at their feet / sleep hushed, and, like a curtain, frowns above, / mixt with the glancing green, the darkness of the grove.
Did Tom give Mary that?
Did Tom give that to Mary?
Didn't you know that Tom was sleeping?
Don't let anyone see you.
Everyone knows my name.
Everybody knows my name.
I didn't know what you were planning to do.
I didn't know what you were planning on doing.
I hear someone talking.
I hear somebody talking.
I knew right away that it wasn't a real diamond.
I knew right away it wasn't a real diamond.
I wish that I could speak French as fluently as you do.
I wish that I could speak French as fluently as you.
I wish that I could speak French as well as you.
I wish I were as rich as you.
I wish that I were as rich as you.
I wish I were as strong as you.
I wish that I were as strong as you.
I wish I were as tall as you.
I wish that I were as tall as you.
I wish I were rich enough to buy a yacht.
I wish that I were rich enough to buy a yacht.
I wish I'd come a little earlier.
I wish that I'd come a little earlier.
I'm sorry I wasn't there yesterday.
I'm sorry that I wasn't there yesterday.
People used to think the earth was flat.
Tom has three times as many books as I do.
Tom has three times as many books as me.
Tom has three times as many books as I have.
Tom knows better than to walk home alone after dark.
Tom knows better than to walk home by himself after dark.
Tom suggested we go fishing tomorrow.
Tom suggested that we go fishing tomorrow.
Tom treated me like a kid.
Tom treated me like a child.
Tom treats me like a kid.
I could't have done that without your help.
I know Tom isn't happy.
Is this your helmet?
I know Tom misses Mary.
This isn't my knife.
I think Tom knows Mary.
Who'll you vote for?
I thought Tom hated us.
You aren't so smart.
I tried to contact Tom.
You made them angry.
I barely recognized Tom.
You won't find them.
I ignored Tom's mistake.
I arrived home early.
I like Tom's new jacket.
I bet we'll have fun.
I like talking with Tom.
I can't explain this.
I mentioned that to Tom.
I can't get to sleep.
I refuse to talk to Tom.
I decided to give up.
I didn't impress them.
Tom is often too direct.
I forgot my homework.
Tom is often too polite.
I got sick last year.
Tom just missed his bus.
I guess it'll change.
Will you call Tom today?
I had another chance.
I hope I can impress Tom.
I have no objections.
I thought Tom hated Mary.
I like hot chocolate.
I gave Tom Mary's address.
I like making videos.
I won't let Tom hurt Mary.
I like playing cards.
I'll meet Tom next Monday.
I like reading blogs.
Should we try to stop Tom?
I like riding a bike.
Will you help Tom do that?
I like skateboarding.
I hope Tom doesn't find me.
I like whipped cream.
I like Tom's writing style.
I love playing cards.
I think Tom missed his bus.
I play the saxophone.
I told Tom about the party.
I promise to do that.
Tom and Mary sang together.
I really miss Boston.
Tom will meet Mary at 2:30.
I think I'm finished.
I did as Tom asked me to do.
I think it'll be fun.
I know Tom loves doing that.
I want an MPplayer.
Tom confessed his sins.
Tom has a square jaw.
Tom would love to read that.
I went to university.
We've helped Tom many times.
I'll buy you a watch.
Is Tom really Mary's husband?
I'll find it for you.
Tom never liked me very much.
I'll let you explain.
Tom sliced the loaf of bread.
I'm interested in it.
Tom won't be able to stop us.
We can't change that.
I didn't think Tom would come.
You aren't my friend.
I wish I'd called Tom earlier.
You don't seem tired.
I wish Tom and Mary were happy.
We kicked Tom out of the house.
I'll go to the airport with Tom.
I've never asked Tom to do that.
I have some questions.
I've never seen Tom here before.
I let them capture me.
I'll let you tell Tom what to do.
I need a little space.
We really surprised Tom, I think.
I think I'm objective.
Will you help Tom this afternoon?
I think I've finished.
I told Tom about what we had done.
I think it won't work.
I need to warn Tom about something.
I waited half an hour.
Tom should ask Mary what she thinks.
I'll leave in October.
Tom will spend next weekend with us.
I'll request a refund.
Tom just left about five minutes ago.
I've changed my plans.
I'm here to get a box Tom left for me.
I'm here to get the box Tom left for me.
I've requested asylum.
I've already asked Tom to leave early.
Are your children here?
Tom will be here for just a short time.
I admit that I do that.
I have to wait here until Tom gets here.
I ate all the crackers.
Why not just call Tom and tell him that?
I can fly a helicopter.
Tom could ask Mary to do that, I suppose.
I can't help with that.
Tom suggested to Mary that she leave early.
I didn't attack anyone.
I'm sure he won't mind.
I'm sure she won't mind.
Tom would like to hear Mary play the piano.
I didn't burn anything.
Tom would like to understand French better.
I don't have any bread.
I can't just ignore what Tom has been doing.
I suppose Tom found what he was looking for.
I heard my dog panting.
I'll let you tell Tom what needs to be done.
I play the French horn.
I've already told Tom what I want him to do.
I've already bought what Tom asked me to buy.
I'll stay home tonight.
I've already spent all the money Tom gave me.
I've already told Tom not to do that anymore.
I've been beaten twice.
I've already told Tom what's going to happen.
Why is the table dirty?
Tom almost never goes to bed before midnight.
Why was the train late?
Tom put everything in the middle of the room.
You've disappointed us.
Tom will probably not agree to your proposal.
I did everything myself.
Tom wondered whether Mary liked taking walks.
I feel quite frustrated.
Tom wondered whether what Mary said was true.
I imagine you're hungry.
I think Tom will do that. Mary thinks so, too.
I like going to museums.
I'm waiting for Tom to finish what he's doing.
I like going to parties.
I've already told Tom what'll probably happen.
I like going to the zoo.
Tom will never forget what has happened today.
I love cooking programs.
Tom won't ever forget what has happened today.
I strongly recommend it.
Didn't you know I was hoping Tom would do that?
I want you to wait here.
I've advised Tom not to start doing that again.
I won't talk about that.
Tom has been accused of stealing some bicycles.
I'd like some more rice.
I know Tom is up.
I know Tom is fat.
I know Tom is shy.
I know Tom is sad.
Tom wrote an extremely detailed report on that.
I've solved the mystery.
Do you feel the same way about that as Tom does?
I attended some meetings.
Here's the basket that Tom asked me to give you.
I can't pay for it today.
Tom goes to South America to learn Spanish.
I've already done everything Tom asked me to do.
I enjoy collecting coins.
I've already told Tom he doesn't have to do that.
I like reading magazines.
Tom has more and more gray hair.
I've already told Tom he doesn't need to do that.
I've decided not to do that until Tom gets here.
You've already said that.
Only Tom drinks tea.
The only thing Tom drinks is tea.
Tom doesn't drink as much coffee nowadays as he used to.
Tom was the only one who drank tea.
Tom rents a large four-bedroom house near the sea.
The owner of the vehicle is Tom.
Where can I buy termites for cooking?
How do I roast termites?
In Kenya, roasted termites are eaten with Ugali.
What percentage of my diet should be insects?
What does the dog want?
Tom hid the necklace that he'd stolen from Mary.
I answered many questions.
Tom will have only one chance to get that right.
I bought a suit last week.
Tom bought the first dog-operated phone; however, only Mary ended up using it to call Tom at work.
Tom wants to learn five languages.
Are you going to the concert?
Tom knows how to fix everything.
There's guacamole in the fridge.
One day the avocado will be held in the highest esteem.
I can't help worrying about what Tom might do.
I can't pay my rent today.
I think the person I saw talking to Tom was Mary.
I drank some orange juice.
There is no situation which cannot be ennobled by work or else by endurance.
I've already told Tom that he should leave early.
I guess I have to trust you.
I've already told Tom what he should say to Mary.
I have thirteen employees.
I've already told Tom what to bring to the party.
I hope that you get better soon.
I've apparently done something that made Tom mad.
I never did know his name.
Tom wondered when the meeting was going to begin.
I should've recognized it.
I've already delivered the packages to Tom's house.
I'll make some sandwiches.
I've already told Tom to be there tomorrow by 2:30.
I'm a construction worker.
Tom got off his bicycle.
Tom is waiting for you to finish what you're doing.
I'm your friend, aren't I?
I thought you knew that Tom wasn't going to do that.
What kind of bird is that?
I've already told Tom to take his umbrella with him.
I don't have any free time.
Tom is wearing the same clothes as he wore yesterday.
I just had a cup of coffee.
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he wore yesterday.
I've just had a cup of coffee.
I only had a cup of coffee.
All I drank was a cup of coffee.
Tom will go back to Boston one day earlier than I will.
I left my passport at home.
Tom shook the tree, hoping at least one apple would fall.
All I had for breakfast was a cup of coffee.
I like playing video games.
Tom will quite likely have to spend more money than Mary.
I need you here right away.
I've advised Tom to do that before he goes back to Boston.
I really did see something.
I've already told Tom everything I think he needs to know.
Tom works with chimpanzees at the zoo.
Tom stopped at the convenience store for gas and water.
The dog sleeps at Tom's feet.
The self-driving car crashed into a wall.
Tom wants to be a pop star.
Tom bought a new belt.
He is overly concerned.
The dog is suffering from ear infections.
Tom requires emergency medical care.
Tom bought a new jacket.
Tom drank a glass of milk and went back to bed.
Tom writes to his uncle.
Tom writes to his friend.
Uncle Tom is sitting in the garden with the newspaper.
Tom will write to his sister.
Does it matter at all whether the word burnout is with a hyphen or not?
Bruno shows signs of burn-out.
Tom is on the edge of burn-out.
Tom is suffering from burn-out.
Anyone who doesn't know foreign languages knows nothing of his own.
One doesn't always find frogs wherever there is water; but there is always water wherever you hear frogs.
Beneath a precipice, that fronts the wave, / with limpid springs inside, and many a seat / of living marble, lies a sheltered cave, / home of the Sea-Nymphs. In this haven sweet / cable nor biting anchor moors the fleet.
Here with seven ships, the remnant of his band, / AEneas enters. Glad at length to greet / the welcome earth, the Trojans leap to land, / and lay their weary limbs still dripping on the sand.
First from a flint a spark Achates drew, / and lit the leaves and dry wood heaped with care / and set the fuel flaming, as he blew.
Then, tired of toiling, from the ships they bear / the sea-spoiled corn, and Ceres' tools prepare, / and 'twixt the millstones grind the rescued grain / and roast the pounded morsels for their fare.
While up the crag AEneas climbs, to gain / full prospect far and wide, and scan the distant main. / If aught of Phrygian biremes he discern / Antheus or Capys, tost upon the seas, / or arms of brave Caicus high astern.
No sail, but wandering on the shore he sees / three stags, and, grazing up the vale at ease, / the whole herd troops behind them in a row.
When your job gets you down, consider taking a step back, breathing, tapping a trusted coworker on the shoulder, and conspiring to seize the means of production.
He stops, and from Achates hastes to seize / his chance-brought arms, the arrows and the bow, / the branching antlers smites, and lays the leader low. / Next fall the herd; and through the leafy glade / in mingled rout he drives the scattered train, / plying his shafts.
Nor stays his conquering raid / till seven huge bodies on the ground lie slain, / the number of his vessels; then again / he seeks the crews, and gives a deer to each.
Then opes the casks, which good Acestes, fain / at parting, filled on the Trinacrian beach, / and shares the wine, and soothes their drooping hearts with speech.
"Comrades! of ills not ignorant; far more / than these ye suffered, and to these as well / will Jove give ending, as he gave before."
"Ye know mad Scylla, and her monsters' yell, / and the dark caverns where the Cyclops dwell."
Tom has been taken into police custody.
"Fear not; take heart; hereafter, it may be / these too will yield a pleasant tale to tell."
"Through shifting hazards, by the Fates' decree, / to Latin shores we steer, our promised land to see. / There quiet settlements the Fates display, / there Troy her ruined fortunes shall repair. / Bear up; reserve you for a happier day."
He spake, and heart-sick with a load of care, / suppressed his grief, and feigned a cheerful air.
All straightway gird them to the feast. These flay / the ribs and thighs, and lay the entrails bare. / Those slice the flesh, and split the quivering prey, / and tend the fires and set the cauldrons in array.
So wine and venison, to their hearts' desire, / refreshed their strength.
And when the feast was sped, / their missing friends in converse they require, / doubtful to deem them, betwixt hope and dread, / alive or out of hearing with the dead.
All mourned, but good AEneas mourned the most, / and bitter tears for Amycus he shed, / Gyas, Cloanthus, bravest of his host, / Lycus, Orontes bold, all counted with the lost.
Now came an end of mourning and of woe, / when Jove, surveying from his prospect high / shore, sail-winged sea, and peopled earth below, / stood, musing, on the summit of the sky, / and on the Libyan kingdom fixed his eye.
No one reads in the library.
I'm not going on vacation this summer.
To him, such cares revolving in his breast, / her shining eyes suffused with tears, came nigh / fair Venus, for her darling son distrest, / and thus in sorrowing tones the Sire of heaven addressed.
"O Thou, whose nod and awful bolts attest / o'er Gods and men thine everlasting reign, / wherein hath my AEneas so transgressed, / wherein his Trojans, thus to mourn their slain, / barred from the world, lest Italy they gain?"
"Surely from them the rolling years should see / new sons of ancient Teucer rise again, / the Romans, rulers of the land and sea. / So swar'st thou; Father, say, why changed is thy decree?"
"That word consoled me, weighing fate with fate, / for Troy's sad fall. Now Fortune, as before, / pursues the woe-worn victims of her hate. / O when, great Monarch, shall their toil be o'er?"
"Safe could Antenor pass th' Illyrian shore / through Danaan hosts, and realms Liburnian gain, / and climb Timavus and her springs explore, / where through nine mouths, with roaring surge, the main / bursts from the sounding rocks and deluges the plain."
"Yet there he built Patavium, yea, and named / the nation, and the Trojan arms laid down, / and now rests happy in the town he framed."
"But we, thy progeny, to whom alone / thy nod hath promised a celestial throne, / our vessels lost, from Italy are barred, / o shame! and ruined for the wrath of one. / Thus, thus dost thou thy plighted word regard, / our sceptred realms restore, our piety reward?"
Every night I have a headache.
I do not have any more subjects.
I am affraid to drive a car.
My dream is to know Rome, in Italy.
God is time lord.
Then Jove, soft-smiling with the look that clears / the storms, and gently kissing her, replies.
"Firm are thy fates, sweet daughter; spare thy fears. / Thou yet shalt see Lavinium's walls arise, / and bear thy brave AEneas to the skies. / My purpose shifts not."
"Now, to ease thy woes, / since sorrow for his sake hath dimmed thine eyes, / more will I tell, and hidden fates disclose. / He in Italia long shall battle with his foes, / and crush fierce tribes, and milder ways ordain, / and cities build and wield the Latin sway, / till the third summer shall have seen him reign, / and three long winter-seasons passed away / since fierce Rutulia did his arms obey."
"Then, too, the boy Ascanius, named of late / Iulus (Ilus was he in the day / when firm by royalty stood Ilium's state) / shall rule till thirty years complete the destined date. / He from Lavinium shall remove his seat, / and gird Long Alba for defence."
"And there / 'neath Hector's kin three hundred years complete / the kingdom shall endure, till Ilia fair, / queen-priestess, twins by Mars' embrace shall bear."
"Then Romulus the nation's charge shall claim, / wolf-nursed and proud her tawny hide to wear, / and build a city of Mavortian fame, / and make the Roman race remembered by his name. / To these no period nor appointed date, / nor bounds to their dominion I assign; / an endless empire shall the race await."
"Nay, Juno, too, who now, in mood malign, / earth, sea and sky is harrying, shall incline / to better counsels, and unite with me / to cherish and uphold the imperial line, / the Romans, rulers of the land and sea, / lords of the flowing gown. So standeth my decree."
Does she ever talk about me?
Does he ever talk about me?
I bet she hates me now.
I bet he hates me now.
I bet Tom hates me now.
Did she ever say anything to you about me?
"Does she ever talk about me?" "No, she never does."
"Does he ever talk about me?" "No."
She tried to pretend it was no big deal.
Did anyone see Tom leave?
Did you tell Tom I'm here?
Did you tell Tom that I'm here?
Didn't anyone help you?
Didn't anyone see what you did?
Didn't anybody see what you did?
Didn't you know that Tom was younger than Mary?
Do you know where everyone else is?
Do you know where everybody else is?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are healthy?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are homesick?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary are safe?
Do you really think that Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you think this will work?
Do you think that this will work?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are satisfied?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are still angry?
Do you think that Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were bored?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were drunk?
Do you think Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were nervous?
Do you think that Tom and Mary were satisfied?
Do you think Tom could be bored?
Do you think that Tom could be bored?
Do you think that Tom might say no?
Do you think Tom still wants to do that?
Do you think that Tom still wants to do that?
Do you think Tom will find us?
Do you think that Tom will find us?
Does anyone here know Tom?
Does anyone want another piecet of cake?
Does anybody want another piecet of cake?
Does everyone have to do this?
Does Tom know where everyone else is?
Does Tom know where everybody else is?
Does your dog bark at everyone?
Does your dog bark at everybody?
Has anyone contacted Tom?
Has anybody contacted Tom?
Has anyone told Tom what he needs to do?
Has anybody told Tom what he needs to do?
Has anyone told Tom why he has to do that?
Has anybody told Tom why he has to do that?
Has anyone told Tom?
Has anybody told Tom?
Have you told anybody about this problem?
Have you told Tom that I'm here?
Have you told Tom that we're here?
Things didn't go the way I wanted.
Things didn't go the way I wanted them to.
Things didn't go the way I'd hoped.
Things didn't go the way I'd hoped they would.
Things didn't go the way Tom had hoped.
Things didn't go the way Tom had hoped they would.
Things didn't go the way Tom wanted.
Things didn't go the way Tom wanted them to.
Tom and Mary both felt like outcasts.
Both Tom and Mary felt like outcasts.
Tom's parents died when he was three years old.
Would anyone like another piece of cake?
Would anybody like another piece of cake?
I really like strawberries.
What did you and Tom do the last time you hung out together?
I think I know your sister.
Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I think I owe you some money.
I thought you knew that Tom wasn't going to be at today's meeting.
I thought you hated Boston.
I've already finished reading the book that Tom gave me yesterday.
I wish you were happy here.
Tom and Mary will be leaving for Australia early tomorrow morning.
I'm a university professor.
I've already told Tom to do that three times and he still hasn't done it.
This medicine should make you feel better.
Tom plays the saxophone very well.
I'm not sure whether that's a good idea or not.
I'm not sure whether I have the time to do that.
I'm not sure if I have the time to do that.
I'm not sure I have the time to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will remember me.
I wonder if Tom will remember me.
Fifty percent of a chimpanzee's diet is figs.
I don't like this movie at all.
It's garbage day.
I'm going to see the world.
The dog ran through the house looking for Mary.
The living conditions of Tom and Mary invoked pity in the eyes of their neighbors.
Tom drove the streets for ten minutes in search of a parking place.
Tom was at the point of entering college.
Am I in the way?
Did you beat Tom?
Can we sit down?
Why did Tom quit?
You've improved.
Did Tom call Mary?
Are you confused?
Did Tom get angry?
Are you warm now?
Are these from Tom?
Tom created numerous loud and odorous farts.
Tom needs the sun. It's why he goes south.
Tom has healed from his wounds.
Yesterday, I was at Tom's place.
Aren't you alone?
You should go, Tom.
Can I see it now?
Can we count on Tom?
Do you like beer?
Didn't Tom warn you?
May I see it now?
Even Tom was scared.
Can I do that now?
I'll show it to Tom.
Can I see you now?
Can we see it now?
Could we talk to Tom?
Could we sit down?
Did Tom forgive Mary?
Did you get angry?
Did Tom wait for you?
I kept my promise.
Does this affect Tom?
May I see you now?
I know Tom is scared.
Could I have a hug?
Is Tom on this train?
Do we have to wait?
You made Tom unhappy.
Aren't you starving?
Did Tom threaten Mary?
Did you buy bananas?
Did Tom understand it?
Did you guys see it?
Did you come with Tom?
Do you like cycling?
Does Tom have an iPad?
I painted the house.
I know Tom lied to us.
Please give me that.
May I sit next to Tom?
Can I sit beside Tom?
May I sit beside Tom?
What'll you guys do?
Tom pays me very well.
Are you going to run?
You should arrest Tom.
Aren't you angry yet?
You should report Tom.
Can you tell us more?
You won't capture Tom.
Could you go, please?
You'd better call Tom.
Don't open this door.
You'll ask Tom, right?
I play the xylophone.
Are Tom and Mary going?
I was wearing makeup.
Can Tom give Mary this?
Did Tom drink all that?
You must be vigilant.
You said yes, I hope.
I know Tom kissed Mary.
You should report it.
Is Tom almost finished?
You'll die in prison.
You said you hated Tom.
Are you feeling lucky?
You've just missed Tom.
Are you really afraid?
Did Tom understand that?
Can I eat that orange?
Did Tom want to do that?
Can you wait a moment?
Did you really warn Tom?
Can't you go tomorrow?
Does Tom ever call Mary?
Did you ask for money?
I know Tom will help me.
Did you hit your head?
I know Tom will help us.
Did you take pictures?
May I wait for Tom here?
Do I have to help you?
Tom might be here later.
May I sit on your lap?
You must go talk to Tom.
You must learn French.
You're younger than Tom.
You've always liked Tom, haven't you?
You're a good bassist.
Aren't you going there?
Can Tom do that for Mary?
Can I sit on your knee?
May I sit on your knee?
Can we speak in French?
Has Tom sold his car yet?
Can you find it for me?
I know Tom speaks French.
Can you play the banjo?
I know Tom will help you.
Could you give me this?
I know what Tom told you.
Did you buy any apples?
I know you've helped Tom.
Do you have a backpack?
I thought Tom loved Mary.
I can't play the organ.
Is Tom making sandwiches?
I doubt if that's true.
Let Tom have his own way.
They all laughed at me.
You should ask Tom first.
What's your house like?
You'll have to trust Tom.
You hate it, don't you?
Can I talk to Tom, please?
You have to wait a bit.
Did Tom already know that?
You've passed the exam.
You've passed the test.
Am I allowed to do that?
I know Tom still loves me.
Are you still at school?
I know Tom will help Mary.
Did you buy some apples?
I know what Tom told Mary.
Did you have any doubts?
May I talk to Tom, please?
Did you understand that?
Tom didn't expect to lose.
I know you've helped us.
You must apologize to Tom.
I've rewritten the poem.
Am I so different from Tom?
Please give me a minute.
You did something wrong.
You know I hate spinach.
Aren't you waiting for Tom?
You look very impatient.
Did Tom tell Mary I'm here?
Are you going to fire me?
Did you try talking to Tom?
Are you sure it'll be OK?
Do we have to wait for Tom?
Aren't you already bored?
I arrived there before Tom.
I arrived there before Tom did.
I got there before Tom.
Can I borrow your eraser?
I'll let you tell Tom that.
Did you change something?
Tom is wet behind the ears.
"In rolling ages there shall come the day / when heirs of old Assaracus shall tame / Phthia and proud Mycene to obey, / and terms of peace to conquered Greeks proclaim."
"Caesar, a Trojan – Julius his name, / drawn from the great Iulus –, shall arise, / and compass earth with conquest, heaven with fame."
"Him, crowned with vows and many an Eastern prize, / thou, freed at length from care, shalt welcome to the skies."
"Then wars shall cease and savage times grow mild, / and Remus and Quirinus, brethren twain, / with hoary Faith and Vesta undefiled, / shall give the law. With iron bolt and chain / firm-closed the gates of Janus shall remain. / Within, the Fiend of Discord, high reclined / on horrid arms, unheeded in the fane, / bound with a hundred brazen knots behind, / and grim with gory jaws, his grisly teeth shall grind."
So saying, the son of Maia down he sent, / to open Carthage and the Libyan state, / lest Dido, weetless of the Fates' intent, / should drive the Trojan wanderers from her gate.
With feathered oars he cleaves the skies, and straight / on Libya's shores alighting, speeds his hest.
The Tyrians, yielding to the god, abate / their fierceness. Dido, more than all the rest, / warms to her Phrygian friends, and wears a kindly breast.
But good AEneas, pondering through the night / distracting thoughts and many an anxious care, / resolved, when daybreak brought the gladsome light, / to search the coast, and back sure tidings bear, / what land was this, what habitants were there, / if man or beast, for, far as the eye could rove, / a wilderness the region seemed, and bare.
His ships he hides within a sheltering cove, / screened by the caverned rock, and shadowed by the grove, / then wielding in his hand two broad-tipt spears, / alone with brave Achates forth he strayed.
When lo, before him in the wood appears / his mother, in a virgin's arms arrayed, / in form and habit of a Spartan maid, / or like Harpalyce, the pride of Thrace, / who tires swift steeds, and scours the woodland glade, / and outstrips rapid Hebrus in the race. / So fair the goddess seemed, apparelled for the chase.
Bare were her knees, and from her shoulders hung / the wonted bow, kept handy for the prey / her flowing raiment in a knot she strung, / and loosed her tresses with the winds to play.
"Ho, Sirs!" she hails them, "saw ye here astray / ought of my sisters, girt in huntress wise / with quiver and a spotted lynx-skin gay, / or following on the foaming boar with cries?"
Thus Venus spake, and thus fair Venus' son replies: / "Nought of thy sisters have I heard or seen. / What name, O maiden, shall I give to thee, / for mortal never had thy voice or mien? / O Goddess surely, whether Nymph I see, / or Phoebus' sister."
"Whosoe'er thou be, / be kind, for strangers and in evil case / we roam, tost hither by the stormy sea."
"Say, who the people, what the clime and place, / and many a victim's blood thy hallowed shrine shall grace."
Sami's daughter is Farid's wife.
"Nay, nay, to no such honour I aspire." / Said Venus, "But a simple maid am I, / and 'tis the manner of the maids of Tyre / to wear, like me, the quiver, and to tie / the purple buskin round the ankles high."
"The realm thou see'st is Punic; Tyrians are / the folk, the town Agenor's. Round them lie / the Libyan plains, a people rough in war."
"Queen Dido rules the land, who came from Tyre afar, / flying her brother. Dark the tale of crime, / and long, but briefly be the sum supplied."
"Sychaeus was her lord, in happier time / the richest of Phoenicians far and wide / in land, and worshipped by his hapless bride. / Her, in the bloom of maidenhood, her sire / had given him, and with virgin rites allied."
"But soon her brother filled the throne of Tyre, / Pygmalion, swoln with sin."
" 'twixt whom a feud took fire. / He, reckless of a sister's love, and blind / with lust of gold, Sychaeus unaware / slew by the altar, and with impious mind / long hid the deed, and flattering hopes and fair / devised, to cheat the lover of her care."
"But, lifting features marvellously pale, / the ghost unburied in her dreams laid bare / his breast, and showed the altar and the bale / wrought by the ruthless steel, and solved the crime's dark tale."
They should ask Tom first.
"Then bade her fly the country, and revealed, / to aid her flight, an old and unknown weight / of gold and silver, in the ground concealed."
The grass blew gently in the breeze.
Did you get enough sleep?
You could ask Tom about it.
Did you go to the bakery?
You know Tom likes oranges.
Do you have any red wine?
You need to go talk to Tom.
Do you really like opera?
You owe Tom an explanation.
Do you sing in the choir?
Can you tell Tom to call me?
Does this CD player work?
Did Tom really talk to Mary?
Have you read the report?
Did you check this with Tom?
I emptied the dishwasher.
Did you discuss it with Tom?
I know as much as you do.
Did you have lunch with Tom?
Did you tell Tom what to do?
We've changed the system.
Do you know a lot about Tom?
You must learn to listen.
You should've eaten more.
Have you already called Tom?
You weren't hard to find.
I know Tom didn't hurt Mary.
You're a vet, aren't you?
I know Tom is looking at me.
Are you making sandwiches?
I know Tom wants to see you.
Did you know that already?
Is Tom almost finished here?
Did you play tennis today?
Please give this box to Tom.
Did you solve the mystery?
Were Tom and Mary impressed?
Do you want coffee or tea?
You might see Tom in Boston.
Don't you like being rich?
You said yes to Tom, I hope.
Has that already happened?
You should've gone with Tom.
I know you like traveling.
You should've let Tom drive.
Let's go fishing tomorrow.
Can I ask Tom some questions?
You have to work together.
You and Tom have to work together.
Did Tom discuss it with Mary?
You must be more tolerant.
Did Tom tell you what to buy?
You must not abandon hope.
Did you do something for Tom?
You need some new clothes.
Did you see Tom that evening?
You owe us an explanation.
Did you tell Tom what to buy?
Who's laughing downstairs?
I believe that Tom is weak.
Tom's parents have five children: three sons and two daughters.
Why is it that you hate Tom so much?
Do you have an automobile?
When Tom was young, he was orderly and proper.
You saw that movie, right?
Didn't Tom tell you anything?
You're a very good player.
Do you want to talk with Tom?
You've made us very happy.
We couldn't sleep tranquilly.
Yesterday, I lost my wallet.
I worked in a restaurant.
Where is the calendar?
I heard Tom and Mary arguing.
Are you ready for your trip?
Is everyone ready to leave?
I heard Tom shouting at Mary.
Is everybody ready to leave?
Are these accusations true?
I know Tom is working for us.
Are you finished with this?
I know Tom is writing a book.
Are you going to Australia?
Is that the hat Tom gave you?
Are you going to the store?
Tom is in the laboratory now.
Aren't you free on Mondays?
Tom leaves his TV on all day.
I thought Tom and Mary would be married by now.
I made basic assumptions during the board meeting.
Forgive me because I can't accept your love.
Science has disproven many cultural assumptions.
We need to correct those mistaken assumptions.
That is a smart assumption.
My father wants me to make assumptions.
Their research began with that assumption.
Which bird would you like? The green or the yellow and blue?
He is testing certain assumptions.
Mary loves a sailor.
Women make basic assumptions about children.
Each apple is a flower that has known love.
Tom is a great sportsman.
Aren't you tired of me yet?
Tom looked very disappointed.
Did you finish your coffee?
Tom often goes fishing there.
Did you take the trash out?
Tom would never yell at Mary.
Do we have a meeting today?
You have to help me save Tom.
Do you like mystery novels?
You have to take care of Tom.
Mary is still reading her horoscope.
I must've lost my wallet in the supermarket.
I should've chosen the money.
Tom told me that he'd give me that book if I wanted it.
Do you eat out a lot?
I can assure success.
He wanted to assure me that he knew what he was doing.
How can she assure the future of your business to potential investors?
She assured you the project would be completed on time.
Can you assure the safety of my children?
He assured me that I would be safe during the flood.
The captain assured the soldiers that the ship was safe to ride.
The corporation assures consumers that the product is safe for children.
Do you still want some tea?
You know that Tom likes cars.
Doing that was unnecessary.
You might run into Tom there.
Don't you think it's funny?
You need to earn Tom's trust.
Who did you see doing that?
You aren't afraid, are you?
You're the one who hired Tom.
You can use the dictionary.
Are you working for Tom again?
You don't look embarrassed.
Can Tom give Mary a ride home?
You don't seem very strong.
Can something be done for Tom?
You should've come with me.
Did Tom tell Mary what to buy?
Did Tom tell you when to come?
You're not doing your best.
Even Tom and Mary were scared.
How can you help?
Has Tom forgiven us?
What did you change?
Were you told to do this?
How are you doing tonight?
Please wait for Tom here.
How are you going tonight?
Did Tom take his medicine?
Did you pass all your exams?
Have you already told Tom?
Do you like to study French?
Do you still owe Tom money?
Don't you still owe Tom money?
Don't you know what that is?
Do you still sing with Tom?
Have you already been there?
How did Tom become so rich?
Have you solved the mystery?
How come Tom didn't do that?
Here's a pillow you can use.
Have you talked to Tom today?
I can't make any exceptions.
Has Tom discussed it with you?
I hope to finish this today.
Have you tried talking to Tom?
I think I know your brother.
I'm sure we'll miss Tom a lot.
I've dislocated my shoulder.
Your deeds are your monuments.
Please ask Tom to come inside.
You like cooking, don't you?
Tom is difficult to deal with.
You like drawing, don't you?
Tom started driving last year.
You look a little depressed.
To have genius without heart is nonsense.
Mary loves a marine.
Tom will be afraid to do that.
You won't have any problems.
You don't need to go with Tom.
You've arrived just in time.
Are Tom and Mary already there?
Your secret is safe with us.
Can I talk about this with Tom?
Are you almost finished here?
Can you ask Tom to come inside?
Are you planning to go there?
Did Tom discuss that with Mary?
Can I borrow this dictionary?
Did you see Tom get on the bus?
Could I ask another question?
Has Tom discussed it with Mary?
Did you buy some nail polish?
I haven't met Tom's family yet.
Did you empty the dishwasher?
I know Tom is working for Mary.
Did you report what happened?
I know Tom wants to talk to me.
I know Tom wants to talk with me.
Did you start the dishwasher?
May I talk about this with Tom?
Did you take out the garbage?
Didn't you know that already?
Tom did that right after lunch.
Didn't you make any mistakes?
Tom wasn't prepared to do that.
Do you like cooking programs?
You must respect Tom's privacy.
Do you still plan to help us?
You should've seen Tom running.
Do you still play the guitar?
You'll do that with Tom, right?
Do you think we should leave?
Can Tom still manage to do that?
Do you understand each other?
Can we do something to help Tom?
Have you noticed any changes?
Do you have a photograph of Tom?
I don't even know what to do.
Do you know where Tom is hiding?
I know a lot of French songs.
Does Tom ever hug his daughters?
I know many people in Boston.
Does Tom have his iPad with him?
I'll be working this evening.
Has Tom ever gone out with Mary?
I've started studying French.
Have you ever gone out with Tom?
May I see what's in your bag?
I know Tom is working with Mary.
That's the last thing I'd do.
I know Tom wants to talk to you.
I know Tom wants to talk with you.
When did you read the report?
I know Tom will be here tonight.
Will you be coming to see me?
I know that Tom will be careful.
I know that Tom won't lie to me.
You learn from your mistakes.
I thought Tom already knew that.
You like football, don't you?
Tom blamed Mary for the problem.
You really must like it here.
Tom tried to escape from prison.
You should invest your money.
You're always talking about Tom.
You'd better not leave today.
You'd better not leave early today.
Are you falling in love with Tom?
A true friend would've helped.
A true friend wouldn't have done that.
Are you saying that Tom did that?
Did you spend Christmas with Tom?
Can someone answer me, please?
Did you go to the supermarket?
Does Tom have a driver's license?
Did you read the whole report?
Has Tom discussed that with Mary?
Did you talk to the principal?
Heavy snow delayed Tom's arrival.
I know Tom wants to talk to Mary.
I know Tom wants to talk with Mary.
Do we really need to help you?
I know Tom would never lie to me.
Do you have a good-paying job?
I know that Tom is in his office.
I know that Tom is still in his office.
Do you like listening to jazz?
I know that Tom won't lie to you.
I couldn've used one of those.
I thought you said you hated Tom.
I didn't think that was funny.
Tom apparently doesn't know Mary.
I hear you married a rich man.
Tom started strumming his guitar.
I like listening to the radio.
Tom threw the knife in the river.
I like making model airplanes.
Tom told Mary that he'd be there.
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.
You might run into Tom in Boston.
We'll do that again if we can.
You seem to know Tom pretty well.
We've run out of toilet paper.
You look a little disoriented.
You look a little embarrassed.
Are you making a sandwich for Tom?
You should've eaten some cake.
Did Tom have anything else to say?
You weren't difficult to find.
Do you know what Tom really meant?
You've been paid, haven't you?
Does Tom have more money than you?
Are there any security updates?
I could hear Tom shouting at Mary.
Are you going to Boston by bus?
I know Tom is in Boston right now.
Are you the one who let the dog in?
I know Tom will tell us the truth.
Can I do something to help you?
I know Tom would never lie to you.
Can you help me move the table?
I know that Tom likes living here.
Could you turn down the volume?
I know that Tom won't lie to Mary.
Do you have a message for me?
Tom helped Mary put on her jacket.
Do you know how to ride a bike?
Do you know how to ride a bicycle?
Tom told Mary that John was there.
Do you know whose bike this is?
Tom will likely get promoted soon.
Tom's keys are still on the table.
Do you still really want to go?
"Thus roused, her friends she gathers. All await / her summons, who the tyrant fear or hate. / Some ships at hand, chance-anchored in the bay / they seize and load them with the costly freight, / and far off o'er the deep is borne away / Pygmalion's hoarded pelf. A woman leads the way."
"Hither, where now the walls and fortress high, / of Carthage, and her rising homes are found, / they came, and there full cheaply did they buy, / such space – called Byrsa from the deed – of ground / as one bull's-hide could compass and surround."
"But who are ye, pray answer? on what quest / come ye? and whence and whither are ye bound?" / Her then AEneas, from his inmost breast / heaving a deep-drawn sigh, with labouring speech addressed: / "O Goddess, should I from the first unfold, / or could'st thou hear, the annals of our woe, / eve's star were shining, ere the tale were told."
"From ancient Troy – if thou the name dost know – / a chance-met storm hath driven us to and fro, / and tost us on the Libyan shores."
"My name / is good AEneas; from the flames and foe / I bear Troy's rescued deities. My fame / outsoars the stars of heaven; a Jove-born race, we claim / a home in fair Italia far away."
"With twice ten ships I climbed the Phrygian main, / my goddess-mother pointing out the way, / as Fate commanded. Now scarce seven remain, / wave-worn and shattered by the tempest's strain."
Did you take out the rubbish?
"Myself a stranger, friendless and unknown, / from Europe driven and Asia, roam in vain / the wilds of Libya."
Then his plaintive tone / no more could Venus bear, but interrupts her son: / "Stranger", she answered, "whosoe'er thou be; / not unbeloved of heavenly powers, I ween, / thou breath'st the vital air, whom Fate's decree / permits a Tyrian city to have seen."
"But hence, and seek the palace of the queen. / Glad news I bear thee, of thy comrades brought, / the North-wind shifted and the skies serene; / thy ships have gained the harbour which they sought, / else vain my parents' lore the augury they taught."
"See yon twelve swans, in jubilant array, / whom late Jove's eagle scattered through the sky; / now these alight, now those the pitch survey."
"As they, returning, sport with joyous cry, / and flap their wings and circle in the sky, / e'en so thy vessels and each late-lost crew / safe now and scatheless in the harbour lie, / or, crowding canvas, hold the port in view."
"But hence, where leads the path, thy forward steps pursue."
So saying, she turned, and all refulgent showed / her roseate neck, and heavenly fragrance sweet / was breathed from her ambrosial hair. Down flowed / her loosened raiment, streaming to her feet, / and by her walk the Goddess shone complete.
"Ah, mother mine!" he chides her, as she flies, / "art thou, then, also cruel? Wherefore cheat / thy son so oft with images and lies? / Why may I not clasp hands, and talk without disguise?"
Thus he, reproaching. Towards the town they fare / in haste.
But Venus round them on the way / wrapt a thick mist, a mantle of dark air, / that none should see them, none should touch nor stay, / nor, urging idle questions, breed delay.
Then back, rejoicing, through the liquid air / to Paphos and her home she flies away, / where, steaming with Sabaean incense rare, / an hundred altars breathe with garlands fresh and fair.
In reality, we're just fancy worms. Thanks, DNA!
I dwell in the Lojbanic Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
They by the path their forward steps pursued, / and climbed a hill, whose fronting summit frowned / steep o'er the town.
Amazed, AEneas viewed / tall structures rise, where whilom huts were found, / the streets, the gates, the bustle and the sound.
Hotly the Tyrians are at work. These draw / the bastions' lines, roll stones and trench the ground; / or build the citadel.
Those clothe with awe / the Senate; there they choose the judges for the law. / These delve the port; the broad foundations there / they lay for theatres of ample space, / and columns, hewn from marble rocks, prepare, / tall ornaments, the future stage to grace.
As bees in early summer swarm apace / through flowery fields, when forth from dale and dell / they lead the full-grown offspring of the race, / or with the liquid honey store each cell, / and make the teeming hive with nectarous sweets to swell. / These ease the comers of their loads, those drive / the drones afar. The busy work each plies, / and sweet with thyme and honey smells the hive.
"O happy ye, whose walls already rise!" / Exclaimed AEneas, and with envious eyes / looked up where pinnacles and roof-tops showed / the new-born city; then in wondrous wise, / clothed in the covering of the friendly cloud, / passed through the midst unseen, and mingled with the crowd.
Have you tried talking to him?
Have you tried talking to her?
Have you tried to talk to him?
Have you tried to talk to her?
March is World Water Day.
A grove stood in the city, rich in shade, / where storm-tost Tyrians, past the perilous brine, / dug from the ground, by royal Juno's aid, / a war-steed's head, to far-off days a sign / that wealth and prowess should adorn the line.
Apparently, Tom didn't notice that.
I admit that I'm a bit selfish.
Did Tom ask you to stop doing that?
I attended yesterday's meeting.
Has Tom already applied for a visa?
I had no difficulty doing that.
Have you received a reply from Tom?
I play the tambourine and sing.
I know Tom better than I know Mary.
I was on vacation at that time.
I know Tom will tell you the truth.
Luckily, I was able to do that.
I know Tom would never lie to Mary.
Many people attended the rally.
I know why Tom and Mary are scared.
We prefer to stay here for now.
I was surprised to see Tom do that.
Who'll be at the party tonight?
Tom asked me to lend him my pencil.
Why can't you come to my party?
Tom asked me why I didn't like him.
You found your key, didn't you?
Tom is serving life for the murder.
You left the refrigerator open.
Tom refused to give Mary any money.
You seem to be suffering a lot.
Tom will do that right after lunch.
You're no longer my girlfriend.
Can you tell Tom to stop doing that?
You're ready to go, aren't you?
Did you know that Tom was in Boston?
Are we still allowed to do this?
Do you think Tom will get home soon?
Aren't you almost finished here?
I know Tom better than you know him.
Can you explain what this means?
You should report to Tom.
You should report Tom to the authorities.
Here, by the goddess and her gifts renowned, / Sidonian Dido built a stately shrine. / All brazen rose the threshold; brass was round / the door-posts; brazen doors on grating hinges sound.
How do you come up with all these ideas?
I know Tom will tell Mary the truth.
Is everything a joke to you?
Can you help me to learn French?
Have you reported what happened?
I've gotten to know Tom pretty well.
Have you seen this movie before?
Tom and Mary barely knew each other.
I don't know when that happened.
Tom asked me why I didn't like Mary.
Tom is a public relations officer.
I don't need any more money now.
Tom didn't expect to see Mary there.
I haven't had anything to drink.
Tom didn't want to know the details.
I see that happening everywhere.
Tom is going to make dinner tonight.
I suggest doing that right away.
I'm installing security updates.
Tom tried to escape from the police.
I'm too tired to go jogging now.
Were Tom and Mary talking in French?
I've already applied for a visa.
Why don't you ask Tom to explain it?
I've already explained it twice.
You're younger than Tom, aren't you?
What you're doing isn't helping.
When did you see that happening?
Are you saying that Tom is dangerous?
You don't eat very fast, do you?
Did Tom tell Mary he was only joking?
You guys aren't hungry, are you?
Did Tom try to do what you suggested?
Do you have a little smaller one?
Didn't Tom predict this would happen?
Do you still really believe that?
Do you think you would recognize Tom?
Have you already eaten something?
Do you want me to ask Tom about that?
I know a lot of people in Boston.
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that?
I think we found what you wanted.
Has Tom been married for a long time?
I was studying French last night.
Do you still plan on doing that with Tom?
Do you still plan to do that with Tom?
Have you seen the new car Tom bought?
Have you seen the new car that Tom bought?
How do we know it's not a trap?
How difficult is it to learn to read music?
How hard was the exam?
How difficult was the exam?
How hard was the test?
How difficult was the test?
Tom never knew Mary was unhappy.
Tom never knew that Mary was unhappy.
Have you received an answer from Tom?
This book cost me thirty dollars.
We'll all be here again tomorrow.
I know that Tom wants to get married.
We'll have to try something else.
I only talk to Tom about once a week.
Where did you see that happening?
Tom and Mary never agree on anything.
Who'll take care of the children?
Tom asked me if I'd do that tomorrow.
You have a family to think about.
Tom met a girl named Mary last night.
You sure have a lot of free time.
What did you do to make Tom so angry?
You'll be able to do that easily.
Can someone open the door, please?
Did you write down Tom's phone number?
Can you close the windows, please?
How are Tom and Mary going to help us?
Did you enjoy your trip to Boston?
How did Tom persuade Mary to help him?
I know Tom and Mary are likely to win.
Getting rid of bad habits is hard.
I know that Tom wants us to help Mary.
I have to finish doing that today.
It doesn't matter to me what Tom does.
I thought you said you hated that.
Let Tom stay here as long as he wants.
I wasn't on vacation at that time.
The police are planning to arrest Tom.
It's very rare for that to happen.
Tom asked me where I'd studied French.
Will you be in Boston for a while?
Tom met Mary when he was in Australia.
You don't seem to like me anymore.
Tom was supposed to call Mary at 2:30.
Are you going to bed early tonight?
Apparently, Tom didn't know what to do.
If you were trying to help me, you failed.
Are you planning something special?
Did Tom say anything about that to you?
Are you still looking for your key?
Did you say anything to Tom about that?
Didn't you know that Tom was in Boston?
Tom knows what he has to say.
Do you want to continue doing this?
Has Tom told you what needs to be done?
I don't know many people in Boston.
Tom told Mary that John would be there.
I have a handkerchief in my pocket.
Why don't you ever talk to Tom anymore?
This document is a fake.
Tom and Mary suit each other well; at least, they both seem to believe they cannot have anyone else.
That writer's books are readable only with difficulty, because he uses too many unnecessary neologisms.
I like going to the amusement park.
Are Tom and Mary licensed psychologists?
It's hard to get rid of bad habits.
Are Tom and Mary still going to help us?
We've already wasted a lot of time.
Did Tom tell you what's going to happen?
Why don't you ever do that anymore?
You always seem to have a headache.
You should take this home with you.
I know that Tom doesn't want to be here.
You weren't very difficult to find.
I know Tom doesn't want to be here.
You've drunk enough water, I think.
Tom asked me if I thought he looked fat.
Do we have a meeting this afternoon?
Tom dropped Mary off at the supermarket.
Have you already finished that book?
Tom is staying in Boston with his uncle.
I hear you bought a house near here.
Tom wanted Mary to go back to Australia.
I paid thirty dollars for this book.
Was Tom the one who told you about this?
I am a person of South African nationality.
They are of South African nationality.
I wonder whether Tom is still tired.
I thought I'd like it, but I didn't.
Was Tom the one who told you to do that?
I was a coal miner for thirty years.
You and Tom don't do that often, do you?
I'm learning to deal with the pain.
You know that Tom likes Mary, don't you?
It doesn't matter to me what you do.
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know?
Swimming in this river is dangerous.
Were you the one who let the dog in?
Do you think Tom understands the problem?
What's this flower called in French?
Does Tom always help you clean your room?
You played tennis today, didn't you?
Tom has been in Australia for many years.
Are you going to walk to the station?
Do you think that Tom understands the problem?
Tom is more of a singer than a guitarist.
Can I see your boarding pass, please?
Tom isn't strong enough to open that box.
Could you teach me how to play chess?
Please take a seat. Would you like some tea?
Do the two sentences really have the same meaning?
Tom is my neighbour.
We walked.
We'll go on foot.
Tom admires your courage.
Here a new sight AEneas' hopes upraised, / and fear was softened, and his heart was mann'd.
For while, the queen awaiting, round he gazed, / and marvelled at he happy town, and scanned / the rival labours of each craftman's hand, / behold, Troy's battles on the walls appear, / the war, since noised through many a distant land, / there Priam and th' Atridae twain, and here / Achilles, fierce to both, still ruthless and severe.
Pensive he stood, and with a rising tear, / "What lands, Achates, on the earth, but know / our labours?"
"See our Priam! Even here / worth wins her due, and there are tears to flow, / and human hearts to feel for human woe."
"Fear not," he cries, "Troy's glory yet shall gain / some safety."
Thus upon the empty show / he feeds his soul, while ever and again / deeply he sighs, and tears run down his cheeks like rain.
He sees, how, fighting round the Trojan wall, / here fled the Greeks, the Trojan youth pursue, / here fled the Phrygians, and, with helmet tall, / Achilles in his chariot stormed and slew.
Not far, with tears, the snowy tents he knew / of Rhesus, where Tydides, bathed in blood, / broke in at midnight with his murderous crew, / and drove the hot steeds campward, ere the food / of Trojan plains they browsed, or drank the Xanthian flood.
Mary bought a large portion of a cream tart.
Where is my jacket?
Where is the umbrella?
Tom tried the guitar.
There, reft of arms, poor Troilus, rash to dare / Achilles, by his horses dragged amain, / hangs from his empty chariot. Neck and hair / trail on the ground; his hand still grasps the rein; / the spear inverted scores the dusty plain.
The motorcycle drove into the telephone pole.
Eight guys are watching.
I am already paying attention.
Meanwhile, with beaten breasts and streaming hair, / the Trojan dames, a sad and suppliant train, / the veil to partial Pallas' temple bear. / Stern, with averted eyes the Goddess spurns their prayer.
Thrice had Achilles round the Trojan wall / dragged Hector; there the slayer sells the slain.
Sighing he sees him, chariot, arms and all, / and Priam, spreading helpless hands in vain.
Himself he knows among the Greeks again, / black Memnon's arms, and all his Eastern clan.
Penthesilea's Amazonian train / with moony shields. Bare-breasted, in the van, / girt with a golden zone, the maiden fights with man.
Thus while AEneas, with set gaze and long, / hangs, mute with wonder, on the wildering scene, / lo! to the temple, with a numerous throng / of youthful followers, moves the beauteous Queen.
The strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must.
Such as Diana, with her Oreads seen / on swift Eurotas' banks or Cynthus' crest, / leading the dances. She, in form and mien, / armed with her quiver, towers above the rest, / and tranquil pleasure thrills Latona's silent breast.
E'en such was Dido; so with joyous mien, / urging the business of her rising state, / among the concourse passed the Tyrian queen.
Then, girt with guards, within the temple's gate / beneath the centre of the dome she sate.
There, ministering justice, she presides, / and deals the law, and from her throne of state, / as choice determines or as chance decides, / to each, in equal share, his separate task divides. / Sudden, behold a concourse. Looking down, / his late-lost friends AEneas sees again, / Segestus, brave Cloanthus of renown, / Antheus and others of the Trojan train, / whom the black squall had scattered o'er the main, / and driven afar upon an alien strand.
At once, 'twixt joy and terror rent in twain, / amazed, AEneas and Achates stand, / and long to greet old friends and clasp a comrade's hand. / Yet wildering wonder at so strange a scene / still holds them mute, while anxious thoughts divide / their doubtful minds.
I'll take that as a no.
There's not enough housing for students.
There's not enough student housing.
And in the cloud unseen, / wrapt in its hollow covering, they abide / and note what fortune did their friends betide, / and whence they come, and why for grace they sue, / and on what shore they left the fleet to bide, / for chosen captains came from every crew, / and towards the sacred fane with clamorous cries they drew.
This is one of the ways to do it.
That's one way of doing it.
I want one right now.
I want one so bad!
Then, audience granted, as the fane they filled, / thus calmly spake the eldest of the train, / Ilioneus: "O queen, whom Jove hath willed / to found this new-born city, here to reign, / and stubborn tribes with justice to refrain, / we, Troy's poor fugitives, implore thy grace, / storm-tost and wandering over every main: / forbid the flames our vessels to deface, / mark our afflicted plight, and spare a pious race."
"We come not hither with the sword to rend / your Libyan homes, and shoreward drive the prey. / Nay, no such violence our thoughts intend, / such pride suits not the vanquished."
"Far away / there lies a place (Greeks style the land to-day / Hesperia) fruitful and of ancient fame / and strong in arms. OEnotrian folk, they say, / first tilled the soil. Italian is the name / borne by the later race, with Italus who came."
"Thither we sailed, when, rising with the wave, / Orion dashed us on the shoals, the prey / of wanton winds, and mastering billows drave / our vessels on the pathless rocks astray. / We few have floated to your shore."
"O say, / what manner of mankind is here? What land / is this, to treat us in this barbarous way? / They grudge the very shelter of the sand, / and call to arms and bar our footsteps from the strand!"
Tom threw a stargazing party.
Tom and Mary went to a stargazing party.
Tom and Mary met at a stargazing party.
Tom and Mary went to a star party.
My makeup is a mess.
You get a discount with some suppliers if you pay by standing order.
Tom has a pet spider.
I wonder who won.
You get a discount from some suppliers if you choose the direct debit payment option.
Tom is a whistleblower.
Everyone wanted to know.
The least visited continent is without doubt Antarctica.
I changed Tom's mind.
Tom won't pass.
Oh my God, I can't believe she did that!
Take a few more blankets, because it's very cold.
Tom drives a taxi.
Buy those abroad.
Tom drives a yellow cab.
We love football.
Tom stayed with us in Boston last summer.
Did you make any really bad mistakes?
You've known Tom much longer than I have.
Did you really read the whole report?
Do you intend to go to Boston by bus?
I know that Tom and Mary are your friends.
Have you eaten anything this morning?
I know that Tom and Mary aren't convinced.
I don't understand how that happened.
I hear through the wall what they're saying.
I like being myself.
I like being the kind of person I am.
Hey, that's my car!
I know that Tom is still in love with you.
I got paid much less than I expected.
Tom asked me if I thought he looked tired.
I've already disconnected everything.
Tom opened the window to let in fresh air.
Why don't you come over this evening?
Not everything is more expensive.
I'm here to cut down the big oak.
Did you arrive safely?
We're just having fun.
There's one too many of us in this room.
Tom was frightened by the storm.
They were frightened by the storm.
Tom spent a few days in Boston last month.
You know you're beautiful, don't you?
Tom went to Boston on business last month.
Are you having problems losing weight?
What Tom said didn't make any sense to me.
Aren't you afraid of hurting yourself?
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are liars?
I bet you can't do ten pushups.
Despite everything, we still managed to escape from the cave.
I've gotta get in shape.
My father is a man.
Don't you want to trade places with me?
Do you want to trade places with me?
She had no idea what Tom was talking about.
Tom threw back his head and laughed.
I don't think that was me.
Tom sneezes without covering his mouth.
We believe solar panels are a good investment.
Can't you go with us tomorrow morning?
Do you think Tom is still going to do that?
Does this watch belong to anyone here?
I know that Tom is still in love with Mary.
Have you already packed your suitcase?
Tom didn't seem to want to know about that.
Have you already paid for the tickets?
Tom read the message Mary had left for him.
Have you read any good books recently?
Tom took his children to see the waterfall.
I have a job interview this afternoon.
Tom was punished for not telling the truth.
I have thirteen people working for me.
Were you the one who suggested that to Tom?
I think we're close to finishing this.
Does Tom still practice the piano every day?
It was unnecessary for you to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are John's friends.
That's the biggest dog I've ever seen.
I know that Tom has already left for Boston.
There's liquor store near the station.
Tom asked me if I'd mind doing that for him.
There's some ice cream in the freezer.
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know yet?
Are you finished reading this magazine?
Why didn't you go to the restaurant with Tom?
Did you have a dog when you were young?
I know Tom didn't go home with Mary yesterday.
Did you manage to get something to eat?
It's no use trying to persuade Tom to do that.
Solar panels represent, in our view, a good investment.
It goes with the territory.
Do you still need to do that every day?
Tom should be able to do that if you help him.
Do you want me to translate it for you?
Tom was kind enough to show me how to do that.
I can open that bottle of wine for you.
I'll help find what you're looking for.
She was only twenty years old.
That leaves a lot to be desired.
Those dark clouds foretell rain.
Some people are afraid of ghosts.
Why would we not do that?
Have Tom and Mary been married for a long time?
If I were rich, I could buy that house.
Was Tom the one who suggested that you do that?
The man sitting over there is my uncle.
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know French?
There's a chance that it'll rain today.
Can you believe that Tom is still only thirteen?
Will you be going to bed early tonight?
Tom was arrested for driving without a license.
The plumber looked with some desperation into it.
Tom has an unwavering confidence in his children.
The patient screamed in agony.
If you can buy a ticket in less than no time, you might still catch the train.
They sang all night.
I'm eating a lemon.
The ship is sailing north.
They are now in the south of France.
He took off to the south.
I brought you a little souvenir from Antwerp.
They are not giants but trolls.
There will be a vote on Sunday.
I know that Tom wants to make a good impression.
Would you like me to explain it to you?
Tom didn't have time to walk there, so he drove.
Are there many tall buildings in Boston?
Tom was surprised when he saw Mary at the party.
I suggest doing that as soon as you can.
The city walls are high.
Go find a flashlight in the attic.
I'll stay with you until Sunday morning.
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here anymore?
I thought you said you hated doing that.
If Tom hadn't rescued Mary, she would've drowned.
I'm planning to go to bed early tonight.
The jury found Tom guilty of first degree murder.
They did not allow us to use the service elevator.
Didn't you know that the door was locked?
Didn't you know the door was locked?
Are you telling me Tom doesn't know what to do?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know what to do?
There's something wrong with the brakes.
Was Tom the one who asked you to stop doing that?
This is the wallet I found this morning.
Didn't you suspect Tom and Mary were lying to you?
Who'll be at the meeting this afternoon?
Tom was punished because he didn't tell the truth.
Are you going to buy some bread tomorrow?
Tom was supposed to have done that three days ago.
French is a difficult language, isn't it?
Tom met Mary at John and Alice's wedding reception.
Do you like listening to classical music?
Tom said he didn't plan on going back to Australia.
Do you want to go to the concert with us?
Didn't you know that Tom and I had to do that alone?
I'm sure Tom is going to like the cookies you baked.
I'm sure Tom is going to like the cookies you baked for him.
I suggest doing that as soon as possible.
It's been three years since Tom and Mary got married.
I've made some coffee. Do you want a cup?
Tom will be leaving for the airport in a few minutes.
There was ice my windshield this morning.
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything Mary said.
Do you have a handkerchief in your pocket?
Are you telling me that Tom doesn't know how to do that?
Do you have anything else you want to say?
Do you still play chess with Tom every Monday afternoon?
Have you already sharpened all the knives?
Did Tom really drink the whole bottle of wine by himself?
We're looking forward to hearing from you.
Tom doesn't have to talk about that if he doesn't want to.
Were you able to keep that from happening?
Tom showed me some pictures he took when he was in Boston.
Could I have another cup of coffee, please?
Tom was foolish enough to believe everything Mary told him.
I'd like to wait outside if you don't mind.
With a little more patience, Tom would've been able to do that.
You haven't learned to drive yet, have you?
Trying to persuade Tom to do that will likely be a waste of time.
Are you going to eat dinner at home tonight?
Didn't you have a crush on Tom when you were in junior high school?
Do you speak to your friends in French?
Tom saw Mary's car in John's driveway and wondered why she was there.
I wanted some wine, but there was none left.
After we finished painting the fence, Tom made sandwiches for all of us.
I'm the one who caused the problem, I think.
Tom told the police detective that he didn't recognize the man in the photo.
Would you like to go to the concert with us?
How legal is it?
Is Tom shy?
How's Tom's French?
Isn't Tom a lawyer?
How is Tom today?
Should we help them?
Was it Tom's fault?
Are you already bored?
Is Mary Tom's wife?
This shirt isn't clean.
The results were surprising.
Isn't Tom a musician?
Was that Tom's fault?
How will we get home?
How heavy is this box?
Is Tom already married?
Isn't that a fir tree?
How long was your trip?
Isn't Tom a psychologist?
Isn't this Tom's umbrella?
How much should we pay?
How long was the meeting?
How do you help Tom?
It's quite hot, isn't it?
How tall is that building?
It's quite cold, isn't it?
How will you help Tom?
Is Tom a teacher here?
How was your summer holiday?
That CD player doesn't work.
How old are Tom's sisters?
How many civilians were killed?
How soon will Tom arrive?
Is Tom younger than Mary?
How do you feel right now?
Shouldn't you talk to Tom?
Isn't Tom a science teacher?
Tom imports stuff from Australia.
How much did Tom pay us?
Is Tom going to help us?
How much will this cost us?
Should I take this with me?
How did you make them laugh?
How much did Tom tell you?
How much have you been paid?
How did you make Tom laugh?
Do you have to work tomorrow?
Tom told me he would sort it out.
How far is the nearest beach?
How often do you play tennis?
How did Tom respond to that?
The weather is bad, isn't it?
How much aspirin did you take?
How much money have you saved?
Did Tom and Mary leave early?
How did you answer that question?
Is Tom always here on Monday?
How's the food in that restaurant?
Shouldn't we try to help Tom?
Weren't you in Australia last year?
Tom and Mary are still angry.
Aren't Tom and Mary awake yet?
This paperweight belonged to my grandfather?
How much money has Tom stolen?
We're going hiking tomorrow, weather permitting.
How long would it take us to get to the nearest beach?
"We should leave him alone." "That's probably for the best."
That knife isn't yours.
I waited for you for a long time.
Without a good dictionary, you can't do anything.
He bought property near the sea.
I washed the dog.
Sami was in the belly of the beast.
Sami said it was impossible to escape from that jail.
Sami tried to escape but he was caught immediately.
Sami is now sixteen years old.
Sami will be here for a long, long time.
Sami is undeterred.
Sami obtained a fake ID.
Sami is not your everyday criminal.
Sami disguised his voice.
Sami went back to jail and lost his children.
Sami robbed a bank.
Sami is gonna rob a bank.
Sami wanted to rob a bank.
Sami isn't serious.
Sami had no criminal history.
Sami went ahead with his plan to rob a bank.
Sami drove straight to Mexico.
Sami wanted to avoid detection.
Sami counted the money.
Sami got across the border.
Sami was identified as the robber.
Sami learned to speak Arabic.
Sami is going to Cairo, Egypt.
Sami raised his kids in Cairo.
Sami knows Layla's phone is on.
Sami got caught stealing.
Sami's punishment didn't have the intended effect.
Sami finished his two years of military service.
Sami knew he was in trouble.
Sami was an ordained minister in Egypt.
Sami grew up bilingual.
Sami hired one of the best lawyers in Cairo.
Sami was caught in the act.
Sami served six years for his crimes.
Sami plans to return to Egypt.
He spent money lavishly enough.
You have been there all the time, listening.
She sat down with stiff dignity.
I wonder what he wants.
I wonder what she wants.
Mary was aghast.
I'm available now, but I have an appointment in one hour.
"What did you say?" "Nothing to you."
A lone clownfish was swimming in the aquarium.
The arrow was fletched with duck feathers.
Tom's house has a tower.
The princess lives at the top of the tower.
Tom confessed right away.
I didn't think I was going to get caught.
Tom didn't think that he was going to get caught.
I must sound like an idiot.
Tom was caught red-handed in an FBI sting operation.
Mary teaches at the Dwarf school in the Elven forest.
"Will you do that for me, Tom?" "With pleasure, my darling!"
You're an idiot, but I still love you.
You're such an idiot, Tom.
Being overweight or obese is unhealthy.
There are a lot of new streets in Paris.
Where can I find a vending machine in the neighborhood?
Your car isn't fast.
Wow, you're such a genius.
Wow, you're such a genius!
Wow! You must be a genius.
I wish I was a genius.
It isn't so easy!
Tom's mother added him as a friend on Facebook.
I am sorry. Tom already left.
The cat is playing with a mouse.
Poke bowls and poké balls are not the same thing.
The boss's car hasn't arrived yet. Wait a moment, please!
Your love is the only thing that keeps me alive.
Could I persuade you to join me for an evening out?
Could I persuade you to join me?
Ladies and gentlemen, straight ahead is the station and to the right we see the Cathedral of Cologne.
Can I persuade you to join me?
This patient won't live long.
Tom and Mary live inside a converted water tower.
Tom and Mary live in a McMansion.
I haven’t talked about this to anyone.
Tom wants to achieve a better work–life balance.
I work in shifts.
Mary got out of the swimming pool and dried herself with a towel.
All children are safe.
What is the use of truth for me when it is not mine?
It's my fault!
My stomach is already rumbling.
I've always attended a private school.
My stomach is already gurgling.
I'm very fatigued and I'm hungry.
We must respect each other.
Tom can't find the bread.
I don't have enough water for watering my garden.
We had a magnificent time near the sea.
There should be no confusion between these two completely different institutions: the "European Council" comprises the heads of state and government of the European Union. In the "Council of Europe" there are states, including Russia and the Caucasian republics.
Berlin is a symbol of unification between the East and the West.
The office door will be open.
Tom and Mary go to the park.
The bookseller reads a lot of books.
Have a good trip! Call me from Paris!
My first name is Mary and Poppins is my maiden name.
The highway was blocked.
It's written in black and white.
After eating, I go to bed.
Forgive me, I'm a bit nervous.
Why do you always arrive so late?
It is difficult to imagine a life with neither television nor the Internet.
Sometimes, I'd like to be a small bird.
I'm sure the potatoes are in the cupboard.
I ate bread yesterday morning.
Where is the pickaxe?
His friend is waiting for him at the station.
We have waited a long time for your response.
A rose in paintings is often a symbol of love.
I would like the blue dress that you have in the showcase.
When did Mozart die? Do you know?
Mary has beautiful eyes, big and blue.
Give me my glasses, please, so that I can see you better.
A lot of Germans go on vacation in Spain.
True justice is in the hand of God.
Tom has more talent than his brother.
I give the book to my friend.
Is Tom any good at basketball?
How much money do we owe you?
I shouldn't have told Tom that.
Should we invite Tom for lunch?
How do I turn off the projector?
Is Tom still living in Australia?
How long have you worked for us?
Tom and Mary are both overweight.
How far is the library from here?
Tom and Mary are both good-looking.
How many apples did you eat today?
Do Tom and Mary know I'm here?
How did you come to that conclusion?
How can I explain this to Tom?
How many countries are there in Asia?
When did you start playing the piano?
Is Tom still in love with Mary?
I don't have a meeting this afternoon.
How should I explain that to Tom?
How many countries are there in Europe?
You'll feel better tomorrow morning, I'm sure.
Tom and Mary have to leave today.
There's a possibility that it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom used to be a street musician.
How much did Tom drink last night?
How safe is this part of the city?
Is Tom still on the basketball team?
How much have you been paid so far?
Should I tell Tom that you're coming?
How many cups are there on the table?
How much sand is there in the bucket?
Tom and Mary were lying, weren't they?
How many animals are there on this farm?
How do you think Tom and Mary are?
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, we'll go hiking.
How did Tom and Mary come to Boston?
Did you remember to bring your notebook today?
Let's go out and do something interesting today.
How did you persuade Tom to help you?
How much money do we have in the bank?
How do I know Tom is telling the truth?
Do you really have to do that right now?
I heard that Tom and Mary killed themselves.
How were you able to keep that from happening?
Tom and Mary are still friends, aren't they?
You went to the beach last Monday, didn't you?
Tom and Mary are pretty miserable, aren't they?
Do you really think cats are smarter than dogs?
Tom and Mary have already finished, haven't they?
How do you know that that belongs to Tom?
How many people have you invited to your party?
Is there anything else you can do for Tom?
Not knowing what to say, I didn't say anything.
Have Tom and Mary finished what they were doing?
Why do you know so much about Japanese history?
If I'd studied harder, I'd have passed the exam.
If I'd studied harder, I'd have passed the test.
Tom and Mary could do that, I think.
What you're saying doesn't make any sense to me.
Tom and Mary are pretty creative, aren't they?
Didn't you know you weren't supposed to be there?
Tom and Mary are still your friends, aren't they?
How many people have you invited to your wedding?
Tom writes short stories.
I'll stay with you until Tom gets here.
Where's my jacket?
Does Tom ever talk about me?
I'm sure that Tom won't mind.
Tom appeared to be having fun.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be having fun.
Tom wasn't exactly happy about it.
I can juggle three balls.
You don't help much around here, do you?
Tom got angry and hit Mary.
Tom usually eats breakfast very quickly.
Nobody can do that as well as I can, not even Tom.
Nobody can do that as well as me, not even Tom.
Nobody would help me, not even Tom.
No one would help me, not even Tom.
I am not in the groove today.
I can speak Czech quite well, too, and I will teach you Czech for free if you want.
Everyone should choose a beautiful flower.
Peter knocked down the chair.
A sparrow built a nest on a tree.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Intelligence is the ability to cope with environment.
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.
Tom and Mary are expecting their first child.
Tom is not a rich man.
Tom had never been on a date before.
Mary had never been on a date before.
It's a good place to raise a family.
Things did not turn out as Tom expected.
Things did not turn out as he expected.
Things did not turn out as she expected.
Things did not turn out as Mary expected.
Things did not turn out as they expected.
The crime rate is low.
Tom and Mary live close to the ocean.
Tom and Mary live close to a national park.
Tom works in Silicon Valley.
Tom built a chicken coop in his backyard.
Men do not love those who remind them of their sins.
I would unite with anybody to do right, and with nobody to do wrong.
Right is of no sex. Truth is of no color.
How did you meet your wife?
How did you meet your husband?
How do you and your wife divide chores around the house?
Facebook collects private information.
Tom was shocked to learn that Facebook collected so much information on him.
I'd like to thank everybody who has helped me to achieve such a thing.
When was your wife born?
When was your husband born?
I wish my house looked like this.
Tom wore a jumpsuit.
Mary wore a jumpsuit.
Tom ordered a poke bowl.
I did not vote for Tom.
Marie appeared out of thin air.
Our house is on fire!
Unfailing love does not exist.
The film is fantastic.
It's truly a masterpiece.
Tom earns the money, but it's managed by his wife Mary.
If she is tired, she should go to bed.
I often feel sleepy.
My wife cannot sleep.
The money is managed by Mary. Tom only receives weekly pocket money.
I have the flu and a sore throat.
I'm a bit hoarse.
Where are the potatoes?
Where is the cheese?
Where is the jam?
Do not wear shoes in the mosque.
Where did you commission this painting?
Let the technology do most of the work.
Our country is going through a difficult time.
Have you ever seen an angel?
Sami had a tailor. He wanted a new suit.
Please, call me! I miss you so much!
What're you laughing at?
It is too quiet.
I run faster than Inge.
Tom sits in the front row for a better view.
I don't understand you. I have an earache.
when I was happy I had many friends, when times were gray I found myself alone
"If human kind and mortal arms ye scorn, / think of the Gods, who judge the wrong and right."
"A king was ours, AEneas; ne'er was born / a man more just, more valiant in the fight, / more famed for piety and deeds of might."
"If yet he lives and looks upon the sun, / nor cruel death hath snatched him from the light, / no fear have we, nor need hast thou to shun / a Trojan guest, or rue kin offices begun."
"Towns yet for us in Sicily remain, / and arms, and, sprung from Trojan sires of yore, / our kinsman there, Acestes, holds his reign."
"Grant us to draw our scattered fleet ashore, / and fit new planks and branches for the oar. / So, if with king and comrades brought again, / the Fates allow us to reach Italia's shore, / Italia gladly and the Latian plain / seek we."
"But else, if thoughts of safety be in vain, / if thee, dear Sire, the Libyan deep doth hide, / nor hopes of young Iulus more can cheer, / back let our barks to the Sicanian tide / and proffered homes and king Acestes steer."
Tom signed a book deal.
I'm glad you invited us.
He spake; the Dardans answered with a cheer.
Then Dido thus, with downcast look sedate: / "Take courage, Trojans, and dismiss your fear. / My kingdom's newness and the stress of Fate / force me to guard far off the frontiers of my state."
You can only experience something for the first time once.
"Who knows not Troy, th' AEneian house of fame, / the deeds and doers, and the war's renown / that fired the world? Not hearts so dull and tame / have Punic folk; not so is Phoebus known / to turn his back upon our Tyrian town."
"Whether ye sail to great Hesperia's shore /and Saturn's fields, or seek the realms that own / Acestes' sway, where Eryx reigned of yore, / safe will I send you hence, and speed you with my store."
"Else, would ye settle in this realm, the town / I build is yours; draw up your ships to land. / Trojan and Tyrian will I treat as one."
"Would that your king AEneas here could stand, / driven by the gale that drove you to this strand! / Natheless, to scour the country, will I send / some trusty messengers, with strict command / to search through Libya to the furthest end, / lest, cast ashore, through town or lonely wood he wend."
Mary was self-conscious about her looks.
Mary was self-conscious about her appearance.
Tom was self-conscious about his appearance.
Tom seemed somewhat anxious.
Tom, would you mind taking the picture?
Roused by these words, long since the sire of Troy / yearned, like his friend, their comrades to surprise / and burst the cloud.
Would you mind posing for a picture with us?
Is that an invitation?
What do you do in the evenings?
When do you get off duty?
Tom is not very good with chopsticks.
I'm not very good with chopsticks.
Is she cute?
I didn't think you were her type.
I didn't think you were his type.
Can you dance?
"I've never done this before." "Me neither."
Tom stared into my eyes and I stared back into his.
I thought you knew me better than that.
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in the closet, you better teach it to dance.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world.
The first prison I ever saw had inscribed on it CEASE TO DO EVIL: LEARN TO DO WELL; but as the inscription was on the outside, the prisoners could not read it.
Are you sure you won't join us?
I swam today.
Will Tom win?
Who warned you?
Tom felt angry.
Who'll believe us?
Tom grew angry.
Why did you cheat?
Tom learns fast.
Won't you do that?
Tom stood still.
Who found your dog?
Will Tom eat it?
Won't you go there?
Tom grew up here.
I felt really alone.
Tom hired a maid.
I've ordered coffee.
Will you call Tom?
What'll we do today?
Tom suggested that.
Who'll you come with?
Why did Tom hit me?
Who's coming tonight?
Will Tom kiss Mary?
Why would I help you?
Won't you help Tom?
I woke up early today.
Tom is leaving town.
Why do I have to help?
Tom is pretty weird.
Was it difficult to do?
Tom left by himself.
Won't you sing with us?
Tom lied about that.
I may go swimming today.
Tom might need that.
What did you plan to do?
Tom speaks his mind.
Where can I rent a bike?
Tom took a shortcut.
Where's your mother now?
Was that Tom's idea?
Who taught you to drive?
Where should Tom go?
Who won the competition?
Why's Tom skeptical?
Why's this in my office?
Will Tom go with us?
Won't you come tomorrow?
Tom got really upset.
When is the next shuttle?
Tom has a motorcycle.
Where did you put my hat?
Tom recommended that.
Where's my cup of coffee?
Tom started speaking.
Why do you hate everyone?
Tom studied medicine.
Why don't you believe it?
Was Tom able to help?
I might go swimming today.
Who's talking to Tom?
I won't go swimming today.
Why are you with Tom?
What did you buy for Tom?
Why can't I kiss Tom?
Who would want to hurt me?
Why can't Tom go now?
Why didn't anyone help me?
Why's Tom so unhappy?
Do you still teach history?
Will Tom be arrested?
Will Tom eat with us?
Will you go swimming today?
Tom drives a nice car.
Do you still swim every day?
Tom fixed the problem.
I want to go swimming today.
Tom never misses work.
I've never tried to do that.
Tom phoned the police.
Let's not go swimming today.
What can I do for Tom?
Let's play tennis on Monday.
What'll Tom show Mary?
What does your company sell?
Why did Tom help Mary?
What movie are you watching?
Why did Tom interfere?
Tom threw up because he drank too much.
What time do you go on duty?
Why isn't Tom helping?
Why did you write that book?
Why would Tom help me?
Why don't you call me later?
Why's Tom so stubborn?
I've never wanted to do that.
Why's Tom up so early?
Maybe I'll go swimming today.
Tom isn't swimming now.
What's the name of this tree?
Tom liked helping Mary.
When exactly did you do that?
Why didn't you ask Tom?
Who do you think can help me?
Why isn't Tom with you?
Why don't you go do that now?
Will Tom do that again?
I might not go swimming today.
Won't you wait for Tom?
I went swimming earlier today.
Tom may be swimming now.
What should we concentrate on?
Was Tom able to find it?
Where can I buy a paperweight?
What'll Tom say to Mary?
Where did you buy that coffee?
What's holding Tom back?
Who do you think will help us?
Who taught Tom to dance?
Tom ran track in high school.
Mary changed into her evening gown.
I tried to teach him everything I could.
Who would like some ice cream?
Who taught Tom to drive?
Why are you so good at French?
Who told Tom about Mary?
Why should I give this to you?
Who was waiting for Tom?
I've never done that by myself.
Why don't we go see Tom?
Was your grandfather a soldier?
I tried to teach Tom how to do that.
Tom winked at the camera.
Mary winked at the camera.
I ate some cake.
The cake that Tom baked was delicious.
The cake Tom baked was delicious.
Will Tom do that or not?
Who do you think would help us?
You should wait for Tom.
Why do we have to study French?
What did Tom buy for you?
Do you still study after dinner?
What'll Tom give to Mary?
I have no experience doing that.
Why didn't Tom help Mary?
Weren't you in Boston last year?
Will you ask Tom to help?
What did you do today at school?
Does Tom have a house now?
What does your sister look like?
Tom has already been paid.
What time does our flight leave?
Tom has fixed the problem.
What's the capital of Australia?
Tom hasn't been found yet.
Why are you always so impatient?
Tom is swimming right now.
Why should I give you any money?
Tom might be swimming now.
I'd rather not go swimming today.
Was Tom able to find Mary?
What do you dislike about Boston?
Why can't I just call Tom?
What time does your flight leave?
Why didn't you follow Tom?
I don't want to go swimming today.
Why does Tom want me here?
I'll definitely go swimming today.
Why's Tom angry with Mary?
What do you have in your backpack?
Why's Tom in such a hurry?
What should I do tomorrow morning?
Why's Tom so grumpy today?
Why wasn't I ever told about that?
Will you ask Tom for help?
Are you going to go swimming today?
Tom has already been fired.
Do you intend to go swimming today?
Tom has lost thirty pounds.
Do you still think you can do that?
Tom is wearing black boots.
I probably won't go swimming today.
Tom's boat has been stolen.
I'm not going to go swimming today.
What did Tom buy in Boston?
I'm too tired to go swimming today.
What do you think Tom said?
What are you doing in my apartment?
When did you tell Tom that?
What do you like most about Boston?
Why didn't anyone help Tom?
Why don't you give me a call later?
Why doesn't Tom trust Mary?
Do you still study French every day?
Why was Tom looking for me?
I think I wrote down the wrong date.
Why's Tom always so grumpy?
I think that I'll go swimming today.
Why's Tom so grouchy today?
I think we should go swimming today.
Why's Tom still a bachelor?
I'd prefer not to go swimming today.
Will Tom have to tell Mary?
What's the combination to this safe?
Do you still think Tom lied?
Who's the president of this company?
Tom has already been caught.
Which one of you is going to help me?
Tom has already been warned.
Who do you think can help me do that?
Tom should've waited for me.
Were you surprised to see that happen?
Was Tom in Boston last year?
What's the weather like in Boston now?
Who taught Tom how to dance?
Where did you learn to sing the blues?
Why didn't Tom go with Mary?
I have no choice but to try doing that.
Why's Tom so good at French?
What time does the baseball game begin?
Tom always seemed nice to me.
Which shirt do you think I should wear?
Where's Tom Jackson's office?
Why didn't you tell us you needed help?
Why didn't Tom let you drive?
What will happen to us if they catch us?
Why were Tom and Mary scared?
When was the last time you had a shower?
Why would Tom help us escape?
Which one of those guys is your brother?
Why would Tom try to hurt me?
What's your favorite caffeine-free drink?
Why would someone kidnap Tom?
Why didn't you tell us about this before?
Why's Tom behaving like that?
Which book is yours, this one or that one?
Tom is a big-shot lawyer in Boston.
Tom is a fish and wildlife officer.
Tom rescued an injured animal.
Tom is a dairy farmer.
Tom is a chicken farmer.
Tom is a cattle rancher.
I think we shouldn't help Tom.
Which one of these is your favorite dress?
Tom has already been arrested.
Do you still think you'll get into Harvard?
Tom has already been captured.
What can we do to keep that from happening?
Tom has already been notified.
Do you still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Tom has already been replaced.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight.
Tom took a nap this afternoon.
Tom was bitten by a stray dog.
I think I wrote down the wrong phone number.
Was Tom surprised to see Mary?
Do you still think you don't have to do that?
What did you tell Tom exactly?
Do you still think you don't need to do that?
When will Tom and Mary arrive?
Do you still think you'll be able to do that?
Why did Tom want you to leave?
Do you think you can finish this job by noon?
Why didn't Tom help us escape?
When was the last time you played the violin?
Why didn't Tom let Mary drive?
Didn't you just say you were going to do that?
Tom claims he's never hit Mary.
Do you want to learn how to play the xylophone?
Tom opened the bottle for Mary.
We need to make a list of things we need to do.
Wasn't Tom in Boston last year?
When I was a student, I lived in Paris.
When was the last time you visited this museum?
Where did Tom tell you to park?
Which dress are you going to wear to the party?
Where were Tom and Mary headed?
We need to make a list of things we need to buy.
Why did Tom want Mary to leave?
He refused to contribute to the expenses.
I have a lot of affection and respect for you.
She won't blaspheme anymore.
I ate your strawberries.
Tom tanned.
Tom sunbathed.
I eat and I get fat.
Jeanne will eat my lemons.
I'm joyful.
I'm cheerful.
You are different.
Rest by my side!
You travel in Italy.
Tom opens a box.
When was the last time you updated your website?
Why didn't you try to call Tom?
Didn't you just say you weren't going to do that?
Why's Tom behaving so childish?
I have a lot of hens, but I don't have a rooster.
Do you still think Tom did that?
I think you may have written down the wrong date.
What was Tom doing in the attic?
What can we do to keep that from happening again?
The weather is really impossible!
I'm German, and you?
We drink Viennese coffee.
I would like to stay longer.
I don't speak correctly.
I make a good impression.
Are you always so pessimistic?
The weather started to improve.
Why did Tom tell you to do that?
What's the best time of the year to visit Boston?
Why didn't Tom try to call Mary?
Why do you always want to argue about everything?
Why would I tell Tom about that?
You're the one who took this picture, aren't you?
I've ripped my pants on a tack.
The show is starting soon.
Do you need a cushion?
I can't eat gluten.
Orange juice gives me diarrhea.
I don't need that much sugar.
It's way too sweet.
Why's Tom so worried about Mary?
Do you still think you'll be in Boston all summer?
Will Tom and Mary do that alone?
How many Christmas presents did you get this year?
Do you still tell Tom everything?
What's the name of the man who was talking to you?
Do you still tell Tom what to do?
I like rugby, but not as much as I like basketball.
I've known Tom since third grade.
What happened to the money that was in this drawer?
Tom and Mary aren't swimming now.
Why don't you stop worrying and get a little sleep?
Tom tasted the coffee and smiled.
You were late for school this morning, weren't you?
What time will Tom get back home?
Are we going to eat at a Chinese restaurant tonight?
Where is your boarding pass?
What time is your meeting?
There was a delay.
This should be good.
Who's that person talking to Tom?
I have no friends who are willing to help me do that.
Why did Tom tell Mary to do that?
I hurried to the station so I wouldn't miss my train.
Why didn't Tom do that yesterday?
How many people gave you Christmas presents this year?
Why didn't you come back for Tom?
It would be impossible to do that in just three hours.
Tom wrote Mary a long love letter.
How much did you spend on Christmas presents this year?
Why didn't Tom come back for Mary?
It wouldn't be possible to do that in just three hours.
Why didn't you ask Tom to do that?
Why didn't you tell us you needed to borrow some money?
Why does Tom always seem so tired?
You went to the supermarket this afternoon, didn't you?
Why didn't you ask Tom to do that for you?
Can anybody here speak French?
Do you think Tom would give us this?
Do you think Tom would give this to us?
Has anyone been helping Tom?
Has anybody been helping Tom?
I know that Tom has already left Boston.
I think that Tom is asleep.
I think that Tom is sleeping.
Is anyone in the classroom?
Is anybody in the classroom?
Is anyone in the pool?
Is anybody in the pool?
Is anyone in the room?
Is anybody in the room?
Is this the soccer ball you bought last month?
Is this the soccer ball that you bought last month?
There's someone waiting for you in the lobby.
There's somebody waiting for you in the lobby.
Tom asked everyone to leave him alone.
Tom asked everybody to leave him alone.
Tom asked everybody to leave.
Tom didn't hurt anyone.
Tom has already been told about the problem.
Tom has been told about the problem already.
Tom hasn't been offered a job yet.
Tom hasn't yet been offered a job.
Tom hasn't been officially charged yet.
Tom hasn't yet been officially charged.
Tom hasn't been punished for doing that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been punished for doing that.
Tom hasn't been punished yet.
Tom hasn't yet been punished.
Tom hasn't been reassigned yet.
Tom hasn't yet been reassigned.
Tom hasn't been released from prison yet.
Tom hasn't yet been released from prison.
Tom hasn't been replaced yet.
Tom hasn't yet been replaced.
Tom hasn't been sentenced yet.
Tom hasn't yet been sentenced.
Tom hasn't been told about the problem yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told about the problem.
Tom hasn't been told he has to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told he has to do that.
Tom hasn't been told he needs to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told he needs to do that.
Tom hasn't been told he shouldn't do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told he shouldn't do that.
Tom hasn't been told not do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told not do that.
Tom hasn't been told not to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told not to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he doesn't have to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he has to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he has to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he isn't required to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he isn't required to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he needs to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he needs to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he's not required to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he's not required to do that.
Tom hasn't been told that he's required to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he's required to do that.
Tom hasn't been told to do that yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told to do that.
Tom hasn't been told what happened yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told what happened.
Tom hasn't been told what to do yet.
Tom hasn't yet been told what to do.
Tom hasn't been warned yet.
Tom hasn't yet been warned.
Tom never talked to anyone about that.
Tom never talked to anybody about that.
Tom told Mary he wanted to get married right away.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to get married right away.
Who would've thought that Tom would change?
Why didn't anyone stop Tom?
Why didn't anybody stop Tom?
Why didn't anyone tell Tom?
Why didn't anybody tell Tom?
Why didn't someone stop me?
Why didn't someone tell me?
Why does everybody hate me?
Why does everybody hate Tom?
Why does everybody hate us?
Why doesn't anybody listen to me?
Why's Tom not doing that now?
Why is Tom not helping Mary?
Why's Tom not helping us?
Why won't anybody help Tom?
Why won't anybody help us?
Why would anyone want to kiss Tom?
Why would anybody want to kiss Tom?
Why's everyone hugging Tom?
Why's everybody hugging Tom?
Why's everyone staring at Tom?
Why's everybody staring at Tom?
Why's everyone staring at you?
Why's everybody staring at you?
Why's nothing happening?
Why's Tom not coming?
Can't you do something to help Tom?
Do you still think you'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do you still talk to Tom in French?
Do you still think you'll be able to do that by yourself?
Do you still think Tom can do that?
Even though I could take a bus to school, I usually walk.
Tom was really grumpy this morning.
What'll you give Tom for Christmas?
There's no need to set the table. We're going out to eat.
Who told Tom I wasn't feeling well?
What do you and your family usually eat on Christmas day?
Why didn't you tell Tom about that?
Wear something warm. It's going to be cold this afternoon.
Won't you spend Christmas with Tom?
By the time I got to the station, my train had already left.
Tom is hoping Mary will forgive him.
The fire had already gone out by the time the firemen arrived.
Tom isn't really Mary's kind of guy.
What did you and Tom have for lunch?
I felt better after taking the medicine the doctor had prescribed.
Why did Tom come back home so early?
Do your children always wear helmets when they ride their bicycles?
Tom actually seemed to be having fun.
I've already memorized the three poems Mr. Jackson told me to memorize.
Tom has already been told to do that.
There are usually never many cars on the road this early in the morning.
Tom has already been told to go home.
They were deceiving the people.
They deceived all.
They promised paradise.
Being cute has its disadvantages as well.
My birthday part was on fleek.
Then first with eager joy / "O Goddess-born," the bold Achates cries, / "how now? What purpose doth thy mind devise? / Lo! all are safe – ships, comrades brought again; / one only fails us, who before our eyes / sank in the midst of the engulfing main. / All else confirms the tale thy mother told thee plain."
Scarce had he said, when straight the ambient cloud / broke open, melting into day's clear light.
And bathed in sunshine stood the chief, endowed / with shape and features most divinely bright. / For graceful tresses and the purple light / of youth did Venus in her child unfold, / and sprightly lustre breathed upon his sight, / beauteous as ivory, or when artists mould / silver or Parian stone, enchased in yellow gold.
Then to the queen, all wondering, he exclaimed, / "Behold me, Troy's AEneas; I am here, / the man ye seek, from Libyan waves reclaimed."
"Thou, who alone Troy's sorrows deign'st to hear, / and us, the gleanings of the Danaan spear, / poor world-wide wanderers and in desperate case, / has ta'en to share thy city and thy cheer, / meet thanks nor we, nor what of Dardan race / yet roams the earth, can give to recompense thy grace."
I had no idea Tom was gay.
"The gods, if gods the good and just regard, / and thy own conscience, that approves the right, / grant thee due guerdon and a fit reward."
"What happy ages did thy birth delight? / What godlike parents bore a child so bright?"
"While running rivers hasten to the main, / while yon pure ether feeds the stars with light, / while shadows round the hill-slopes wax and wane, / thy fame, wher'er I go, thy praises shall remain."
Why have you come so late?
So saying AEneas with his left hand pressed / Serestus, and Ilioneus with his right, / Brave Gyas, brave Cloanthus and the rest.
Then Dido, struck with wonder at the sight / of one so great and in so strange a plight, / "O Goddess-born! what fate through dangers sore, / what force to savage coasts compels thy flight?"
Mary is always in a bad mood.
"Art thou, then, that AEneas, whom of yore / Venus on Simois' banks to old Anchises bore?"
They bet a bottle of whiskey.
"Ay, well I mind me how in days of yore / to Sidon exiled Teucer crossed the main, / to seek new kingdoms and the aid implore / of Belus. He, my father Belus, then / ruled Cyprus, victor of the wasted plain."
"Since then thy name and Ilion's fate are known, / and all the princes of Pelasgia's reign."
I can truly recommend this restaurant.
"Himself, a foe, oft lauded Troy's renown, / and claimed the Teucrian sires as kinsmen of his own."
"Welcome, then, heroes!"
"Me hath Fortune willed / long tost, like you, through sufferings, here to rest / and find at length a refuge. Not unskilled / in woe, I learn to succour the distrest."
So to the palace she escorts her guest, / and calls for festal honours in the shrine.
Then shoreward sends beeves twenty to the rest, / a hundred boars, of broad and bristly chine, / a hundred lambs and ews and gladdening gifts of wine.
The biggest, densest population center in England is London.
Tom, you’re a man; passive resistance is not an option for you when someone you really love has been taken away like that...
Trump polarizes politics in the United States.
The fact that you made up an entire fictional language all by yourselves is absolutely incredible!
She mashes the mashed potatoes.
Meanwhile with regal splendour they arrayed / the palace-hall, where feast and banquet high / all in the centre of the space is laid.
And forth they bring the broidered tapestry, / with purple dyed and wrought full cunningly. / The tables groan with silver; there are told / the deeds of prowess for the gazer's eye, / a long, long series, of their sires of old, / traced from the nation's birth, and graven in the gold.
I already weigh enough.
This man loved you because of your money.
He has strong influence on people around him.
But good AEneas (for a father's care / no rest allows him) to the ships sends down / Achates, to Ascanius charged to bear / the welcome news, and bring him to the town. / The father's fondness centres on the son.
Rich presents, too, he sends for, saved of old / from Troy, a veil, whose saffron edges shone / fringed with acanthus, glorious to behold, / a broidered mantle, stiff with figures wrought in gold. / Fair Helen's ornaments, from Argos brought, / the gift of Leda, when the Trojan shore / and lawless nuptials o'er the waves she sought.
No matter how stupid of a person you are, Minecraft is just a game, which means that that and the real world have no relationship! You should understand that...
Just because Minecraft is flat doesn’t mean that the Earth is flat too!
You can’t say that the Earth is flat just because Minecraft is flat!
You can see for yourselves.
We’ll go on a picnic tomorrow if the weather allows.
We’ll go on a picnic tomorrow if the weather’s good.
She has strong influence on people around her.
Taking a photo with the trees in the background.
Tom has missed school for six days now.
Putting aside the simultaneous multilateral terrorist attacks in Paris and the Californian San Paladino gunshot incident in America, in recent years, Islamists (Muslims) who live in the United States face an increasingly strong anti-Islamic sentiment.
Therewith the royal sceptre, which of yore / Ilione, Priam's eldest daughter, bore; / her shining necklace, strung with costly beads, / and diadem, rimmed with gold and studded o'er / with sparkling gems. Thus charged, Achates heeds, / and towards the ships forthwith in eager haste proceeds.
But crafty Cytherea planned meanwhile / new arts, new schemes: that Cupid should conspire, / in likeness of Ascanius, to beguile / the queen with gifts, and kindle fierce desire, / and turn the marrow of her bones to fire.
We saved a lot of time thanks to this machine.
Fierce Juno's hatred rankles in her breast; / the two-faced house, the double tongues of Tyre / she fears, and with the night returns unrest.
So now to winged Love this mandate she addressed: / "O son, sole source of all my strength and power, / who durst high Jove's Typhoean bolts disdain, / to thee I fly, thy deity implore."
"Thou know'st, who oft hast sorrowed with my pain, / how, tost by Juno's rancour, o'er the main / thy brother wanders."
"Him with speeches fair / and sweet allurements doth the queen detain; / but Juno's hospitality I fear; / scarce at an hour like this will she her hand forbear."
Tom was five when I last saw him.
"Soft snares I purpose round the queen to weave, / and wrap her soul in flames, that power malign / shall never change her, but her heart shall cleave / fast to AEneas with a love like mine."
"Now learn, how best to compass my design. / To Tyrian Carthage hastes the princely boy, / prompt at the summons of his sire divine, / my prime solicitude, my chiefest joy, / fraught with brave store of gifts, saved from the flames of Troy."
"Him on Idalia, lulled into a dream, / will I secrete, or on the sacred height / of lone Cythera, lest he learn the scheme, / or by his sudden presence mar the sleight."
"Take thou his likeness, only for a night, / and wear the boyish features that are thine; / and when the queen, in rapture of delight, / amid the royal banquet and the wine, / shall lock thee in her arms, and press her lips to thine, / then steal into her bosom, and inspire / through all her veins with unsuspected sleight / the poisoned sting of passion and desire."
Young Love obeys, and doffs his plumage light, / and, like Iulus, trips forth with delight.
She o'er Ascanius rains a soft repose, / and gently bears him to Idalia's height, / where breathing marjoram around him throws / sweet shade, and odorous flowers his slumbering limbs compose.
Mary got out of the shower and dried herself with a towel.
It was about the year when I remember doing my first trip to Korea. Using my limited Korean, I had lots of trouble asking for basic things like where the train or bus were, and even what the way was to places. I remember lots of people responding to me in English, and while I was pretty relieved at that, I’ve gotta say: people in the country right next to us, speaking a language from peoples on the other side of the world! It’s only when you look at it in that objective state of mind that you realize how strange that is.
Tom got out of the shower and dried himself with a towel.
Let us help.
Tom drank beer.
Tom is currently in Boston.
Come sit by us.
Tom was standing.
I'm planning to visit Boston.
Please trust us.
Tom was swimming.
Tell me what you did in Boston.
Please visit us.
Tom's hair's wet.
I wasn't in Boston at that time.
Explain it to us.
Tom baked muffins.
Tom will go to Boston next year.
Fry us some eggs.
Tom loves antiques.
Are you and Tom both from Boston?
Everyone hates us.
Everybody hates us.
Everyone knows us.
Everybody knows us.
I lost the hat I bought in Boston.
I lost the hat that I bought in Boston.
No one helped us.
Nobody helped us.
No one is going to stop us.
Nobody is going to stop us.
No one said anything to us.
Nobody said anything to us.
Someone is following us.
Somebody is following us.
There's someone waiting for you.
There's somebody waiting for you.
Tom and I don't plan on doing that together.
Tom and I don't plan to do that together.
Tom and I don't plan on going together.
Tom and I don't plan to go together.
Tom and I plan on doing that together.
Tom and I plan to do that together.
Tom and I plan on going together.
Tom and I plan to go together.
Tom hasn't finished eating breakfast yet.
Tom hasn't yet finished eating breakfast.
Why didn't anyone warn us?
Why didn't anybody warn us?
Why doesn't anyone believe us?
Why doesn't anybody believe us?
Tom loves shopping.
I remember meeting you in Boston.
Please let us in.
Tom and I have jobs.
I can't go to Boston this weekend.
Come see us again.
Tom and I came to Boston together.
Give us more time.
Tom likes cantaloupe.
I was in Boston most of the summer.
Stay with us here.
Tom sells vegetables.
There are a lot of parks in Boston.
Tell us your plan.
Tom watered the lawn.
I intend to stay in Boston with Tom.
No one believed us.
Tom and Mary are away.
I lived in Boston until I was three.
No one can stop us.
Tom and I eat together.
How would you like to live in Boston?
No one followed us.
Tom and I run together.
I'm going to stay with Tom in Boston.
Nobody was smiling.
Tom watered the garden.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with us.
Please let us help.
Tom will be very happy.
I want you to go to Boston right away.
Please wait for us.
Tom and I aren't stupid.
I'm flying to Boston tomorrow morning.
Those belong to us.
Tom and I came together.
I always visit Tom when I go to Boston.
Don't go without us.
Tom always wants to help.
I go to Boston more often than Chicago.
Nobody speaks to us.
Tom and I stuck together.
I met an old student of mine in Boston.
Wait for us outside.
Tom and I study together.
Is it true that you're going to Boston?
Come and sit with us.
Tom and I have jobs to do.
You and I should go to Boston together.
Come fishing with us.
Are you and Tom both crazy?
How many days will you remain in Boston?
Don't try to stop us.
Are you and Tom both drunk?
I came to Boston to attend a conference.
Have a drink with us.
Tom and I have a job to do.
I met Tom while I was staying in Boston.
Nobody would help us.
Tom will be a great teacher.
I stayed at Tom's while I was in Boston.
That doesn't help us.
Tom and I do things together.
I stayed with Tom while I was in Boston.
Why not come with us?
Tom and I eat lunch together.
Tom will be working in Boston next year.
Don't bother us again.
Tom and I got drunk together.
The girl I told you about is from Boston.
Don't keep us waiting.
Tom and I had lunch together.
As soon as I get to Boston, I'll call you.
Don't try and stop us.
Tom went shopping without me.
I soon got used to living alone in Boston.
No one ever visits us.
Tom and I always eat together.
I'll visit my uncle in Boston next summer.
Nobody ever visits us.
Tom and I had coffee together.
It took me three hours to drive to Boston.
Please do that for us.
Tom and I have our jobs to do.
The history of Boston is very interesting.
Why are you so sleepy?
Tom and I watched TV together.
I'm from Boston, but now I live in Chicago.
You should smile more.
Are you and Tom both bachelors?
Let me see the pictures you took in Boston.
Don't begin without us.
Tom always wants me to help him.
Tom was born in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Don't leave without us.
Tom and I are busy this evening.
Can you recommend a place to stay in Boston?
Everybody asks us that.
Tom and I go to church together.
Please let me know when you'll be in Boston.
Everyone asks us that.
Tom and I need to stay together.
What time are you going to leave for Boston?
Tom and I plan to sing together.
Boston is the largest city I've ever visited.
Tell us what'll happen.
Tom and Mary are John's friends.
I stayed at my uncle's while I was in Boston.
Don't bother us anymore.
Tom and Mary are fighting again.
I was born in Boston, but grew up in Chicago.
Somebody is watching us.
Why did you and Tom leave early?
Is it true that you bought a house in Boston?
Tom will be difficult to replace.
It's been three years since I came to Boston.
It wouldn't hurt to smile.
It wouldn't hurt you to smile.
Why can't Tom and I eat together?
How long is the flight from Boston to Chicago?
Make sure you don't smile.
Why can't Tom and I sit together?
Tom isn't planning on going to Boston with us.
Don't try to intimidate us.
Tom and I agreed to work together.
I go to Boston more often than I go to Chicago.
Don't try to manipulate us.
Tom and I always go home together.
Boston is one of the cities I visited last year.
Tom and I make decisions together.
That'll never happen to us.
Tom will be glad to see you again.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in Boston.
Why didn't anybody tell us?
Tom will come here this afternoon.
You and I should go to Boston together sometime.
Why didn't anyone tell us?
Tom has lost his wallet.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.
I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
I think I'm sick from the seafood.
We had oysters earlier.
She's sick with food poisoning.
We both have the chills and a fever.
They drove us to the hospital.
We recovered quickly from the food poisoning.
Tom will come to my house tonight.
I hope to see you the next time you're in Boston.
Just leave everything to us.
Are you and Tom both baseball fans?
I've never been to Boston, and Tom hasn't, either.
That's too expensive for us.
My grandmother on my father's side lives in Boston.
That's very important to us.
Tom and I had to go there together.
I was going to go to Boston, but I've changed my mind.
The noise doesn't bother us.
Tom and I hid in the cave together.
Please drop in to see us next time you come to Boston.
Why didn't somebody call us?
Tom and I used to do that together.
How long did it take you to drive from Boston to Chicago?
Global warming worries scientists.
Why are you doing this to him?
Why are you doing this to her?
Why are you doing this to them?
Why is he doing this to you?
Why is he doing this to her?
Why is he doing this to me?
Why is she doing this to me?
Why is she doing this to you?
Why is she doing this to him?
Why is she doing this to her?
Why is he doing this to him?
Why are you doing this to us?
Why is he doing this to us?
Why is she doing this to us?
Why are they doing this to you?
Why are they doing this to us?
Why are they doing this to him?
Why are they doing this to her?
Why don't people believe us?
Why won't anyone believe us?
Tom will be wondering where we are.
I lived in Boston for three years before I came to Chicago.
I lived in Boston for three years before coming to Chicago.
Everybody looked at us.
Everyone was staring at us.
Everybody was staring at us.
No one ever comes to visit us.
Nobody ever comes to visit us.
Somebody might stop us.
Someone might stop us.
Why is everyone smiling?
Why is everybody smiling?
Those bicycles belong to us.
Tom and I have to go there together.
You and I should go together.
Tom and I often have lunch together.
Tom left at 2:30, so he should've arrived in Boston by now.
Tom and I swim together once a week.
I hope I'll get a chance to see you next time I'm in Boston.
Please don't leave without us.
Tom and Mary could've been friends.
Last summer, I had a chance to go to Boston, but I didn't go.
Please leave everything to us.
Tom will be here when you come back.
Is there any chance you'll come back to Boston again this year?
The same thing happened to us.
Why can't Tom and I travel together?
Is it true that you are going to be studying in Boston next year?
You and I should sing together.
Tom and I eat together every evening.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
You and I should work together.
Tom and I have a lot of fun together.
One of Tom's daughters lives in Boston and the other one lives in Chicago.
Your threats don't frighten us.
Tom has already been told what to do.
Tom has three sons. One lives in Boston and the other two live in Chicago.
You and I should stick together.
Tom shouldn't talk to Mary like that.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in Boston and my daughter lives in Chicago.
You and I should study together.
Tom signed the contract this morning.
Tom has a brother and a sister. His brother lives in Boston and his sister lives in Chicago.
You and I should travel together.
Tom will be back from Australia soon.
How much is that going to cost us?
Sami grabbed Layla's ass.
Sami punched Farid in the dick.
Sami doesn't want to dance anymore.
Sami got a text from Layla.
Sami bit Layla.
Sami wanted to date Layla.
Sami called Layla's mom.
Sami is leaving early.
Sami and Layla had sex in the back of the car.
Sami wants out.
Sami wants to leave.
Sami and Layla never interacted on Facebook.
Sami can't date Layla while he's in a relationship.
Sami was talking to his friend.
Sami was heard talking in the bathroom.
Sami has to break up with Layla.
Sami went to the bathroom to talk on the room.
Sami burst in tears.
Sami has been talking to Layla.
Sami doesn't want to ever see Layla's face again.
Sami didn't tell a soul what he had done.
Sami started texting Layla a few days later.
Sami was eating sushi.
Mary ordered a cup of hot chocolate.
What did he drink?
Tom also likes to play the flute.
Where are the garden shears?
Where is my chainsaw?
Tom is a bit old, but not too ugly.
We washed the dog.
Sami was very pissed.
He's from South Korea.
Forth Cupid, at his mother's word, repairs, / and merrily, for brave Achates led, / the royal presents to the Tyrians bears.
There, under gorgeous curtains, at the head / sate Dido, throned upon a golden bed.
There, flocking in, the Trojans and their King / recline on purple coverlets outspread.
Bread, heaped is baskets, the attendants bring, / towels with smooth-shorn nap, and water from the spring.
Within are fifty maidens, charged with care / to dress the food, and nurse the flames divine. / A hundred more, and youths like-aged, prepare / to load the tables and arrange the wine.
There, entering too, on broidered seats recline / the Tyrians, crowding through the festive court.
They praise the boy, his glowing looks divine, / the words he feigned, the royal gifts he brought, / the robe, the saffron veil with bright acanthus wrought.
Doomed to devouring love, the hapless queen / burns as she gazes, with insatiate fire, / charmed by his presents and his youthful mien.
He, fondly clinging to his fancied sire, / gave all the love that parents' hearts desire, / then seeks the queen.
She, fixing on the boy / her eyes, her soul, impatient to admire, / now, fondling, folds him to her lap with joy; / weetless, alas! what god is plotting to destroy.
"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin expression often used in mathematics, which means "that which was to be demonstrated."
True to his Paphian mother, trace by trace, / slowly the Love-god with prevenient art, / begins the lost Sychaeus to efface, / and living passion to a breast impart / long dead to feeling, and a vacant heart.
Now, hushed the banquet and the tables all / removed, huge wine-bowls for each guest apart / they wreathe with flowers.
The noise of festival / rings through the spacious courts, and rolls along the hall. / There, blazing from the gilded roof, are seen / bright lamps, and torches turn the night to day.
Now for the ponderous goblet called the Queen, / of jewelled gold, which Belus used and they / of Belus' line, and poured the wine straightway.
And prayed, while silence filled the crowded hall: / "Great Jove, the host's lawgiver, bless this day / to these my Tyrians and the Trojans all. / Long may our children's sons this solemn feast recall."
"Come, jolly Bacchus, giver of delight; / kind Juno, come; and ye with fair accord / and friendly spirit hold the feast aright."
So spake the Queen, and on the festal board / the prime libation to the gods outpoured, / then lightly to her lips the goblet pressed, / and gave to Bitias. Challenged by the word, / he dived into the brimming gold with zest, / and quaffed the foaming bowl, and after him, the rest.
His golden lyre long-haired Iopas tunes, / and sings what Atlas taught in loftiest strain.
The sun's eclipses and the changing moons, / whence man and beast, whence lightning and the rain, / Arcturus, watery Hyads and the Wain; / what causes make the winter nights so long, / why sinks the sun so quickly in the main.
All this he sings, and ravished at the song, / Tyrians and Trojan guests the loud applause prolong.
This man loved you for your wealth.
With various talks the night poor Dido wore, / and drank deep love, and nursed her inward flame, / of Priam much she asks, of Hector more, / now in what arms Aurora's offspring came, / of Diomede's horses and Achilles' fame.
"Tell me," she says, "thy wanderings; stranger, come, / thy friends' mishaps and Danaan wiles proclaim; / for seven long summers now have seen thee roam / o'er every land and sea, far from thy native home."
That's my car? Why did I feel like I'd never seen it before?
The western tendency to haste has become widespread in the east as well.
Look! A cat.
Watch out! A duck!
Mary was wearing jeans and a T-shirt.
Tom walked into the bedroom to get some clothes.
Is this real leather?
Tom was quick to catch on.
I am not considered a member of the team.
We are not considered eligible to take part in the contest.
It's all your fault!
Do I count as an ex-member of the party?
I was told that we don't count as citizens anymore.
We loved each other.
I didn't know that you used to do that.
I didn't know Tom had a son.
I didn't know that Tom had a son.
I didn't know Tom knew Mary.
I didn't know that Tom knew Mary.
I didn't know that you had a dog.
I didn't know Tom was adopted.
I didn't know Tom worked there.
I didn't know that Tom worked there.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't swim.
I didn't know Tom had left home.
I didn't know that Tom had left home.
I didn't know Tom was a dentist.
I didn't know that Tom was a dentist.
I didn't know Tom couldn't drive.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't drive.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's son.
I didn't know Tom used to do that.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's boss.
I didn't know that Tom was Mary's boss.
I didn't know Tom was a detective.
I didn't know that Tom was a detective.
I didn't know that Tom was dating Mary.
I didn't know that Tom would be absent.
I didn't know Tom had gotten fired.
I didn't know that Tom had gotten fired.
I didn't know Tom had quit his job.
I didn't know that Tom had quit his job.
I didn't know Tom liked doing that.
I didn't know that Tom liked doing that.
I didn't know Tom liked to do that.
I didn't know that Tom liked to do that.
I didn't know Tom played the sitar.
I didn't know that Tom played the sitar.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's uncle.
I didn't know Tom was a vegetarian.
I didn't know that Tom was a vegetarian.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't do that.
I didn't know Mary was Tom's sister.
I didn't know that Mary was Tom's sister.
I didn't know Tom saw me doing that.
I didn't know that Tom saw me doing that.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's cousin.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's father.
I didn't know Tom enjoyed doing that.
I didn't know that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I didn't know Tom had a twin brother.
I didn't know that Tom had a twin brother.
I didn't know Tom had three children.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's brother.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's husband.
I didn't know Tom had a swimming pool.
I didn't know that Tom had a swimming pool.
I didn't know Tom liked horror movies.
I didn't know that Tom liked horror movies.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's grandson.
I didn't know Tom was writing a novel.
I didn't know that Tom was writing a novel.
I didn't know that Tom would be here today.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were dating.
I didn't know Tom didn't like swimming.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I didn't know Tom was blind in one eye.
I didn't know that Tom was blind in one eye.
I didn't know you used to teach French.
I didn't know that you used to teach French.
I didn't know Tom got married last week.
I didn't know that Tom got married last week.
I didn't know Tom had a criminal record.
I didn't know that Tom had a criminal record.
I didn't know Tom had a house in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom had a house in Boston.
I didn't know Tom had this many friends.
I didn't know that Tom had this many friends.
I didn't know Tom was Mary's ex-husband.
I didn't know Tom was coming here today.
I didn't know that Tom was coming here today.
I didn't know Tom was living by himself.
I didn't know that Tom was living by himself.
I didn't know Tom was younger than Mary.
I didn't know that Tom was younger than Mary.
I didn't know Tom didn't like to do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like to do that.
I didn't know Tom used to work in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom used to work in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was a friend of Mary's.
I didn't know that Tom was a friend of Mary's.
I didn't know Tom was so good at cooking.
I didn't know that Tom was so good at cooking.
I didn't know Tom had relatives in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom had relatives in Boston.
I didn't know Tom was in Boston last year.
I didn't know that Tom was in Boston last year.
I didn't know Tom was seeing someone else.
I didn't know that Tom was seeing someone else.
I didn't know Tom would be here this week.
I didn't know that Tom would be here this week.
I didn't know Tom would refuse to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would refuse to do that.
I didn't know that Tom had spent time in prison.
I didn't know Tom was going to be arrested.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be arrested.
I didn't know this building had a basement.
I didn't know that this building had a basement.
I didn't know Tom was living on Park Street.
I didn't know that Tom was living on Park Street.
I didn't know that Tom had a house on Park Street.
I didn't know Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't know that Tom used to be married to Mary.
I didn't know Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I didn't know that Tom wasn't paid for doing that.
I didn't know Tom used to be a French teacher.
I didn't know Tom got arrested three weeks ago.
I didn't know that Tom got arrested three weeks ago.
I didn't know Tom and John were Mary's brothers.
I didn't know that Tom and John were Mary's brothers.
I didn't know Tom before he came to work for us.
I didn't know Tom bought a house on Park Street.
I didn't know that Tom bought a house on Park Street.
I didn't know Tom lived with his aunt and uncle.
I didn't know that Tom lived with his aunt and uncle.
I didn't know Tom was living with Mary's family.
I didn't know that Tom was living with Mary's family.
I didn't know that Tom didn't have a driver's license.
I didn't know Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I didn't know Tom said he wasn't going to do that.
I didn't know that Tom said he wasn't going to do that.
I didn't know Tom was going to be able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be able to do that.
I didn't know Tom was so good at playing the oboe.
I didn't know that Tom was so good at playing the oboe.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were John's grandparents.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were John's grandparents.
I didn't know we were supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know that we were supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't know Tom used to be a professional musician.
I didn't know that Tom used to be a professional musician.
I didn't know Tom was going to be in Boston all week.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week.
I didn't know both Tom and Mary were going to be there.
I didn't know that both Tom and Mary were going to be there.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
How did you know Tom was in there?
How did you know that Tom was in there?
How did you know Tom did that?
How did you know that Tom did that?
How did you know that Tom was here?
How did you know Tom was doing that?
How did you know that Tom was doing that?
How did you know Tom used to do that?
How did you know that Tom used to do that?
How did you know I used to do that?
How did you know that I used to do that?
How did you know I used to teach French in Boston?
How did you know that I used to teach French in Boston?
How did you know I was going to be fired?
How did you know that I was going to be fired?
How did you know I was going to get fired?
How did you know that I was going to get fired?
How did you know Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to get married?
How did you know Tom couldn't swim?
How did you know that Tom couldn't swim?
How did you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
How did you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you know that Tom didn't want to do that?
How did you know Tom had a criminal record?
How did you know that Tom had a criminal record?
How did you know Tom liked to do that?
How did you know that Tom liked to do that?
How did you know Tom quit his job?
How did you know that Tom quit his job?
How did you know that Tom wanted to do that?
How did you know Tom was adopted?
How did you know that Tom was adopted?
How did you know Tom was dating Mary?
How did you know that Tom was dating Mary?
How did you know Tom was dealing drugs?
How did you know that Tom was dealing drugs?
How did you know Tom was going to be able to do that?
How did you know that Tom was going to be able to do that?
How did you know Tom was going to be here today?
How did you know that Tom was going to be here today?
How did you know that Tom was going to be here?
How did you know Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
How did you know that Tom was going to be in Boston all week?
How did you know Tom was going to be there?
How did you know that Tom was going to be there?
How did you know that Tom was going to do that?
How did you know that Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know Tom was in Boston?
How did you know that Tom was in Boston?
How did you know Tom was lying to me?
How did you know that Tom was lying to me?
How did you know Tom was planning on doing that?
How did you know that Tom was planning on doing that?
How did you know Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
How did you know Tom was planning to do that?
How did you know that Tom was planning to do that?
How did you know Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know that Tom was planning to go to Boston with Mary?
How did you know Tom was planning to move to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was planning to move to Boston?
How did you know Tom was seeing someone else?
How did you know that Tom was seeing someone else?
How did you know Tom was unhappy here?
How did you know that Tom was unhappy here?
How did you know Tom was unhappy?
How did you know that Tom was unhappy?
How did you know Tom wasn't having a good time?
How did you know that Tom wasn't having a good time?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning on doing that?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning to attend today's meeting?
How did you know Tom wasn't planning to do that?
How did you know that Tom wasn't planning to do that?
How did you know Tom wasn't really from Boston?
How did you know that Tom wasn't really from Boston?
How did you know Tom would be here this week?
How did you know that Tom would be here this week?
How did you know that Tom would be here?
How did you know that Tom would be there?
How did you know that Tom would do that?
How did you know Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't do that?
Tom didn't know Mary was a Canadian.
Tom didn't know that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom has already been told he has to do that.
Tom has already been told that he has to do that.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are guilty?
When was the last time you went swimming with Tom?
When was the last time that you went swimming with Tom?
Do you think Tom would teach French to my children?
Do you think that Tom would teach French to my children?
Tom has already been told he needs to do that.
Tom has already been told that he needs to do that.
Do you think Tom would sell me one of his paintings?
Do you think that Tom would sell me one of his paintings?
I admit I lied.
I bought a scarf for Mary.
I haven't yet decided.
Tom ate more than I ate.
Tom ate more than me.
Can you give Tom this?
Can you come, too?
Can you drive a truck?
Tom cleaned the house.
Can you stay for supper?
Tom crashed his car.
I didn't know that before.
Tom closed his notebook.
Can you pay for all this?
Tom described what happened.
Can you really do the job?
Tom came to help us.
Tom came to visit us.
I didn't know any of that.
Tom bought a new suit.
Can you get tickets for us?
Will you vote for Tom?
I didn't know that was there.
Tom and Mary are smart.
What's there to see in Boston?
Would you lend me thirty dollars?
Will you see Tom again?
You and I should've celebrated together.
Tom and Mary were drunk.
Can you and Tom both do that?
Tom did that right away.
Tom could do much better.
I wish I could stay here forever.
Tom lost his keys yesterday.
You and I should do that together.
Tom and Mary aren't involved.
Can you and Tom both speak French?
Tom apparently didn't notice that.
You and I should go there together.
Tom correctly answered the question.
It really doesn't matter much to us.
Tom apparently doesn't remember Mary.
You and I shouldn't be seen together.
Tom can no longer help us.
Tom asked Mary how she was.
Nobody is better at this than we are.
Tom bought a new sports car.
Maybe you and I could get together later.
Tom and Mary are now friends.
You and I should do that together sometime.
Tom asked Mary to be patient.
You and I should eat lunch together sometime.
Tom and Mary are very similar.
You and I should play tennis together sometime.
Jean and Jeanne watched the cows.
These are the only two students who learn Chinese.
Mary decided to not smoke anymore.
Each one of my sisters has a bicycle.
Each one of my bothers has a large car.
On the day of his exam, Tom had a very bad stomachache.
Write me a check for a thousand euros, please!
Get the door!
Who are you talking with now?
Our school is found in this village.
I am fatigued from their continual demands.
Tom confessed that he did that.
I ran into an old friend in the park.
Tom did everything he could do.
Tom and Mary got married recently.
You and I should go to the party together.
It has been three months since I've done that.
Tom asked me if I could swim.
Tom might be able to fix this.
How do I get to your office from the station?
There is a difference between listening and waiting for your turn to speak.
Do you not find that you exaggerate a bit?
We'll eat at Mary's place this evening.
I wash my apple.
More than twenty million people play Pokémon around the world.
I almost fell.
Tom hates flying.
I can deliver it to Tom.
I've eaten enough.
I also wrote Tom a letter.
Are you almost done?
I can't trust Tom anymore.
I can bring it to you.
I did my best to help Tom.
All I bought was bread.
I didn't say I'd help Tom.
I like to visit Boston.
Can you get Tom to do that?
Please slow down a bit.
I asked Tom about his work.
I can deliver it to you.
I asked Tom to wait for me.
I ate a chicken sandwich.
I did what I could for Tom.
Would you like some beer?
I came here to talk with Tom.
How did you know about it?
I asked Tom to leave me alone.
I didn't say I'd help you.
I assume you've talked to Tom.
Would you rather not stay?
Tom asked me to close the gate.
Would you prefer not to go?
Tom asked me to lend him money.
You aren't hungry, are you?
I asked Tom to leave Mary alone.
I ate a lot of french fries yesterday.
I almost forgot where I was.
Tom and Mary are still not home.
I only come here on Mondays.
You're angry at Tom, aren't you?
What do the tarot cards say?
Does the tarot have French origins?
Mom is now in heaven.
Grandpa and Grandma are now in heaven.
Those little cakes are Korean in origin.
We ate a very spicy Korean dish.
I have to ride two buses to arrive there.
Do you like the smell of a new car's interior?
Would you prefer not to help?
Tom asked Mary if she could read.
Would you rather not do that?
Tom asked me where my father was.
You don't talk a lot, do you?
Tom confessed that he was afraid.
I can't go with you on Monday.
Tom decided to ask Mary for help.
I promise you I won't be late.
Tom did what he promised he'd do.
Why have you been ignoring me?
You should ask Tom what happened.
I bet that's pretty easy to do.
I asked Tom to sign the documents.
How did you know that was there?
Tom and Mary are now eating lunch.
You didn't hurt anyone, did you?
Tom asked me where the toilet was.
You live around here, don't you?
Tom could meet you at the airport.
I've considered that possibility.
I bought Tom a banjo for Christmas.
I bought Tom a bicycle for his birthday.
I asked the man what his name was.
Tom and Mary want to talk with you.
I assume you've already done that.
Would you tell Tom that we're back?
I can't play the guitar very well.
Can you get Tom to agree to do that?
Please tell me where you got this.
I can't wait to go hunting with Tom.
Would you like to go out and play?
I didn't know what Tom's plans were.
I never even considered doing that.
Tom and Mary are sitting over there.
I've actually never studied French.
Tom and Mary have decided not to go.
Would you like to know who that is?
Tom asked Mary if she liked to walk.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to walk to the beach with him.
You don't eat meat anymore, do you?
Tom asked Mary if she wanted coffee.
Please tell me where you bought that.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the light.
Tom asked Mary to turn off the light.
Would you teach me how to play chess?
Tom asked me what he should do next.
You weren't home yesterday, were you?
You didn't see Tom do that, did you?
Did you go to the restaurant yesterday?
I did everything I could to help Tom.
I can't do that without a little help.
Tom and Mary used to date each other.
I did that during the summer holidays.
Tom bought a pearl necklace for Mary.
I've also considered that possibility.
What should I give Tom for Christmas?
What do you think I should give Tom for Christmas?
Who's the man who was talking to Tom?
I missed the first part of the concert.
Why can't Tom and I do that together?
I closed the door, but I didn't lock it.
Why didn't Tom let Mary talk to John?
I've already drank three cups of coffee.
Why should I care where Tom is going?
Would you like to play football with us?
I wonder why Tom refused to kiss Mary.
How did you know that was going to happen?
Tom and I don't plan to sing together.
Would you like to play basketball with us?
Tom and I have a few classes together.
You don't want to know why I'm here, do you?
Tom and I sat together at the counter.
Tom and I sat together at the concert.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my bicycle.
Tom and Mary seem very happy together.
Tom and Mary seem to be very happy together.
Is there room in your car for all three of us?
Is there room in your van for three more people?
Tom asked me if anything had happened.
We couldn't play tennis because it was raining.
Tom asked me to close all the windows.
I always wear a helmet when I ride my motorcycle.
Tom can't go to Mary's this afternoon.
I bought three apples, some eggs and some yogurt.
Tom has a picture of Mary on his desk.
I heard that both of your grandfathers were plumbers.
Tom has already been told not to do that.
We've been to Boston, but we haven't been to Chicago.
What kind of vegetables does Tom sell?
I'm only doing this because I have nothing better to do.
I only did that because I had nothing better to do.
Do you know why Tom was looking for me?
Tom and I probably won't sing together.
I didn't know you at the time.
I shouldn't have told you that.
I wish I'd studied French.
I wish I'd visited Tom.
I wish I'd called you earlier.
I wish I could've done it by myself.
I wish I'd done what Tom told me to do.
I wish I'd done what Tom suggested.
I wish I'd told Tom what to do.
I wish I'd told Tom about that earlier.
I wish Tom had told me about that.
I wish you weren't already married.
I wish you'd called me earlier.
I wish I'd told Tom the truth.
I wish Tom had called me.
What have they done to him?
What have they done to her?
What have they done to me?
What have they done to us?
What has she done to me?
What has she done to them?
What has she done to us?
What has he done to me?
What has he done to them?
What has he done to us?
I can still make things right.
Tom and I spent a lot of time together.
I don't like talking in French.
Tom has already been told not to leave.
I forgot my French textbook at home.
Tom promised Mary he'd be back by 2:30.
I have to study for tomorrow's French exam.
Tom will be thirty years old next year.
I hope my French gets better quickly.
Tom's wife is a lot younger than he is.
I no longer teach French.
Was Tom invited to your birthday party?
I think I speak French quite well.
Why won't Tom do what I want him to do?
Do you still think Tom is a good driver?
I think that man was talking in French.
I think Tom could be swimming right now.
I think Tom's French has improved a lot.
Tom and I probably should sing together.
I understand a little French.
Tom and I usually speak French together.
I want my daughters to learn to speak French.
Tom arrived in Australia three days ago.
I'm not very good at French yet.
Tom asked me how often I went to Boston.
I have a list of the thousand most-used words in French.
Tom asked me to find out where you were.
I've just started to learn French.
Let me make things right.
Tom found Mary's ring behind that couch.
My French is improving.
Tom has already been advised to do that.
My French is rusty.
Don't fear your fear.
How could you betray me like this, after all we've been through?
Can tarot card readings come true?
It's the latest song by that recording artist.
"Why do you always fish under a bridge when it's raining?" - "It's because the fish take shelter there."
A doctor in the United States: "I'm sorry to inform you that you're suffering from a terminal illness." - "Which one?" - "It's poverty."
Gosh! I weigh the same as a 2.4-metre guy. I have to grow!
Wow! I weigh the same as a guy who's eight feet tall. I've got to grow!
All hushed intent, when from his lofty seat / Troy's sire began:
"O queen, a tale too true, / too sad for words, thou biddest me repeat; / how Ilion perished, and the Danaan crew / her power and all her wailful realm o'erthrew: / the woes I saw, thrice piteous to behold, / and largely shared."
"What Myrmidon, or who / of stern Ulysses' warriors can withhold / his tears, to tell such things, as thou would'st have re-told?"
"And now already from the heaven's high steep / the dewy night wheels down, and sinking slow, / the stars are gently wooing us to sleep. / But, if thy longing be so great to know / the tale of Troy's last agony and woe, / the toils we suffered, though my heart doth ache, / and grief would fain the memory forego / of scenes so sad, yet, Lady, for thy sake / I will begin," and thus the sire of Troy outspake:
"Broken by war, long baffled by the force / of fate, as fortune and their hopes decline, / the Danaan leaders build a monstrous horse, / huge as a hill, by Pallas' craft divine, / and cleft fir-timbers in the ribs entwine. / They feign it vowed for their return, so goes / the tale."
"And deep within the sides of pine / and caverns of the womb by stealth enclose / armed men, a chosen band, drawn as the lots dispose."
"In sight of Troy lies Tenedos, an isle / renowned and rich, while Priam held command, / now a mere bay and roadstead fraught with guile. / Thus far they sailed, and on the lonely strand / lay hid,"
"... while fondly to Mycenae's land / we thought the winds had borne them."
"Troy once more / shakes off her ten years' sorrow. Open stand / the gates. With joy to the abandoned shore, / the places bare of foes, the Dorian lines we pour."
"Here camped the brave Dolopians, there was set / the tent of fierce Achilles; yonder lay / the fleet, and here the rival armies met / and mingled."
"Some with wonder and dismay / the maid Minerva's fatal gift survey."
"Then first Thymaetes cries aloud, to go / and through the gates the monstrous horse convey / and lodge it in the citadel. E'en so / his fraud or Troy's dark fates were working for our woe."
"But Capys and the rest, of sounder mind, / urge us to tumble in the rolling tide / the doubtful gift, for treachery designed, / or burn with fire, or pierce the hollow side, / and probe the caverns where the Danaans hide."
"Thus while they waver and, perplex with doubt, / urge diverse counsels, and in parts divide, / lo, from the citadel, foremost of a rout, / breathless Laocoon runs, and from afar cries out: / 'Ah! wretched townsmen! do ye think the foe / gone, or that guileless are their gifts? O blind / with madness! Thus Ulysses do ye know?'"
'Or Grecians in these timbers lurk confined, / or 'tis some engine of assault, designed / to breach the walls, and lay our houses bare, / and storm the town. Some mischief lies behind. / Trust not the horse, ye Teucrians. Whatso'er / this means, I fear the Greeks, for all the gifts they bear.'
"So saying, his mighty spear, with all his force, / full at the flank against the ribs he drave, / and pierced the bellying framework of the horse. / Quivering, it stood; the hollow chambers gave / a groan, that echoed from the womb's dark cave."
"Then, but for folly or Fate's adverse power, / his word had made us with our trusty glaive / lay bare the Argive ambush, and this hour / should Ilion stand, and thou, O Priam's lofty tower!"
Have Tom and Mary finished yet? What were they doing?
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
I am not used to a harsh climate as I come from southern countries.
I must break her of the habit.
I have to break her of the habit.
She has it there.
"Lo, now to Priam, with exulting cries, / the Dardan shepherds drag a youth unknown, / with hands fast pinioned, and in captive guise. / Caught on the way, by cunning of his own, / this end to compass, and betray the town. / Prepared for either venture, void or fear, / the crafty purpose of his mind to crown, / or meet sure death."
"Around, from far and near, / the Trojans throng, and vie the captive youth to jeer."
Tom has always took pride in his ability to satisfy every woman in bed. Unfortunately, he is quickly losing his erection as well as his reputation of the reliable lover.
I liked those women.
Tonight, a young man got into enclosure and tried to sexually abuse some sheep.
I still don't understand it.
I haven't understood it yet.
Talking isn't doing. It is a kind of good deed to say well; and yet words are not deeds.
She shot in the air.
"Mark now the Danaans' cunning; from one wrong / learn all."
"As, scared the Phrygian ranks to see, / confused, unarmed, amid the gazing throng, / he stood, 'Alas! what spot on earth or sea / is left,' he cried, 'to shield a wretch like me, / whom Dardans seek in punishment to kill, / and Greeks disown?'"
"Touched by his tearful plea, / we asked his race, what tidings, good or ill, / he brings, for hope, perchance, may cheer a captive still."
"Then he, at length his show of fear laid by, / 'Great King, all truly will I own, whate'er / the issue, nor my Argive race deny. / This first; if fortune, spiteful and unfair, / hath made poor Sinon wretched, fortune ne'er / shall make me false or faithless.'"
'If the name / of Palamedes thou hast chanced to hear, / old Belus' progeny, if ever came / to thee or thine in talk the rumour of his fame, / whom, pure of guilt, on charges false and feigned, / wroth that his sentence should the war prevent, / by perjured witnesses the Greeks arraigned, / and doomed to die, but now his death lament.'
The toilet is clogged again.
I will not stay here.
Put it here.
I don't like the book.
Some people never change!
A soccer match lasts minutes, without considering stoppage time.
Tom was afraid of making a mistake.
She was a little hesitant.
Tom was a little hesitant.
Mary deleted her Facebook account.
I was too shy to say anything.
I was too shy to do anything.
I love you unconditionally.
Mary noticed absolutely everything.
Tom didn't notice anything.
Why don't you stay a little longer?
Astronomers have discovered a galaxy that has almost no dark matter.
Tom has a prosthetic arm.
Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook.
Tom sat down at his computer.
Mary sat down at her computer.
It may look easy, but it's not.
Tom didn't have time to rest on his laurels.
Op! We’re being screamed at.
Feminists come in all shapes and sizes: they can be women, they can be men, they can be neither, they can be black, they can be white, and they can be so much more.
What unites feminists is the belief that equality of the sexes is necessary, and that none of us will stop until we achieve this.
While Tom isn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer, Mary is the most intelligent girl you’ve ever seen; you wouldn’t think they’re brother and sister!
Nowadays, due to the biased media, even little kids like Junior and Sally won’t accept feminism for its negative connatations... I think we need to tell men – and a growing percentage of women – that feminism is for everyone, and its values should apply to us all as people in a society that’s much freer than past societies.
The Japan that’s expressed through manga and anime and the real Japan are quite different.
In an ever diversifying society, acceptance of the ideas and values of other people should be elevated as one of our main goals.
Because Japan had a large population in the past, it was poor; however, now, Japan has become rich due to mutual cooperation and hard work.
I'm the boss here, and I make the rules.
Why is it that kids don't want to learn anymore?
Junior – Tom and Mary’s son – is quite a nice kid; you should meet him! He’s a boy your age, and he has a lot of the same interests as you.
What are you to say those sorts of things to me, Mary? Aren’t we friends?
Nothing beats real friends.
Who are you to say that feminism isn’t about equality?
Tom said he didn't think Mary was really a Canadian.
I don't think that French is difficult.
I've heard Boston is a very expensive place to live.
I should never have come to Boston.
I should've never come to Boston.
Tom told me that he didn't want to move to Boston.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were still studying French.
I didn't know that Tom knew French.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who spoke French.
I doubt things will change.
I doubt that things will change.
I gave everything I had to Tom.
I gave Tom everything I had.
I gave all the money I had to Tom.
I gave Tom my old coat.
I have to give Tom something.
I liked Boston.
The girl who's talking with Tom is Mary.
We speak French here.
Tom passed his French exam.
I felt ignored.
Tom was in Boston once.
I'll miss Boston.
I didn't give Tom choice.
We studied French at school.
Tom and Mary are exactly the same height.
I hate teenagers.
Tom told me he speaks French.
You'll love Boston.
Tom knew I was in Boston.
We spoke to each other in French.
I'd hoped to talk to Tom.
I feel quite safe here.
Tom and Mary are exactly the same weight.
We'll all go to Boston.
Tom learned French in high school.
I had to buy some food.
I heard Tom went to Boston.
I don't go to Boston often.
I even wrote Tom a letter.
I didn't like it at all.
Tom and Mary have finally gotten married.
We were in Boston last year.
Tom told me that you speak French.
I don't want onion soup.
Tom and Mary work in Boston.
"I work in Boston." "Me too."
I had a long chat with Tom.
I forgot to buy tickets.
Tom said Mary is probably still swimming.
I must be in Boston on Monday.
Tom understands French, doesn't he?
I have to buy some food.
Tom knows Mary likes Boston.
We weren't in Boston last year.
I had to take Tom to school.
I had a hearty breakfast.
Was Tom invited to Mary's birthday party?
I was in Boston for three weeks.
Tom likes to read French literature.
I have to feed the chickens.
I've already fed the chickens.
When is Tom going to Boston?
We're going to Boston next week.
I didn't know Tom at the time.
I went to see the ballet.
I knew Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I'll stay with my uncle in Boston.
Tom's French is already pretty good.
I didn't say you could go.
Maybe Tom won't go to Boston.
I'm going to be in Boston all day.
I have to explain that to Tom.
I don't have a dishwasher.
I saw Tom's car parked in Mary's driveway.
We could go to Boston next spring.
Tom asked me if I was studying French.
I don't know his name yet.
Tom felt very safe in Boston.
We should go to Boston next spring.
I didn't ask Tom for his advice.
I don't eat a lot of fruit.
Tom asked Mary when she intended to leave.
We're going to Boston next weekend.
I think Tom and Mary were talking in French.
I don't really like tennis.
Tom recently moved to Boston.
I'm the one who has to go to Boston.
I have to find a way to help Tom.
I don't think it's strange.
Tom had never seen Mary so unhappy before.
All my ex-girlfriends live in Boston.
The only language that Tom can speak is French.
I gave the dogs some water.
Tom took a bus back to Boston.
I had to be here yesterday.
I didn't tell Tom that you're here.
Who do you want to go to Boston with?
What do Tom and Mary usually do on Monday?
I don't want you to come back to Boston.
Tom's school is looking for a new French teacher.
I have to call a tow truck.
Tom wasn't in Boston last year.
You were in Boston last year, weren't you?
I find it very easy to talk with Tom.
I left my notebook at home.
Tom and Mary are trying to sell their home.
You weren't in Boston last year, were you?
I thought Tom and Mary were still studying French.
I don't want you to help me.
I'm bringing Tom to Boston with me.
We aren't going to Boston. We're going to Chicago.
Tom has already been warned many times.
I have to get this repaired.
Tom and Mary want to know what's happening.
It looks like I may have to go to Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd study French.
I left my backpack at home.
Tom called me from Boston yesterday.
Tom is already back in jail.
I don't drink coffee anymore.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the school.
Tom can speak French and English, but he can't speak German.
I have to buy a pair of shoes.
Tom has decided to return to Boston.
I didn't receive an invitation.
Tom is supposed to be back by lunchtime.
What if Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
I don't have a washing machine.
Tom and Mary still make a lot of mistakes when they speak French.
I don't like doing this anymore.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't in Boston.
I don't want to stay here alone.
Where did Tom and Mary say they were going?
I get paid a lot for doing this.
I'm willing to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't know which shirt to wear.
Do you still think Tom enjoys doing that?
I don't worry about that anymore.
Tom and Mary are likely to get married soon.
I don't like reading on the train.
Tom seems to know a lot about Boston.
I don't walk to school very often.
Tom and I accomplished what we wanted to.
I fell asleep while I was reading.
Tom and Mary are looking for a new apartment.
I didn't want to admit I was wrong.
I was told that Tom is still in Boston.
I don't want to get there too early.
Tom and I hang out together all the time.
I don't want you to forget about me.
Tom asked Mary where he should hang his coat.
I don't want to walk to school today.
Tom says he'll be going to Boston soon.
This is my favorite time of the year.
Tom and I probably won't travel together.
I don't know if I should laugh or cry.
Tom has already been told to leave Mary alone.
I don't really like this neighborhood.
I'd still like to go to Boston with Tom.
I don't really want to talk right now.
I finally finished writing the report.
Why were Tom and Mary at your house last night?
I forgot to put dressing on the salad.
Tom and Mary spent a few days in Boston.
I have to buy some Christmas presents.
Tom has been to Australia, but I haven't.
I have to get up pretty early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what they wanted to do.
I usually only eat fruit for breakfast.
For breakfast, I usually only eat fruit.
Tom will have to go to Boston next year.
I had no intention of staying that long.
Tom and I eat dinner together every night.
I don't think that'll still be a problem.
Tom asked Mary to forgive him for what he'd done.
I don't think it's safe to go out in this kind of weather.
Tom will be back from Boston next Monday.
Tom and I probably won't do that together.
Tom has already been told to stay away from Mary.
Tom still comes to Boston every Christmas.
Tom and I studied together in the library.
Why didn't Tom and Mary get married in Australia?
Without insurance, you cannot see a doctor.
He took an airplane for the first time in his life.
More work and less chatter!
Work instead of chatting!
On weekends, I get up later than usual.
Tom pretends to be a robot called "Butter Knees" to the delight of his seven-year old nephew.
Tom bought a new cutting board for Mary's kitchen.
Tom decided to cut back on saturated fats.
Tom does not need Mary's help.
It's Tom who can't speak French, not me.
Tom passes the time with his hobby of gardening.
Tom and Pierre want to play with their friends on the beach.
Yesterday, Tom was with me.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Sami made serious mistakes.
Sami didn't want to argue.
Sami was honest with me.
Sami didn't want to lose Layla.
Sami had serious feelings for Layla.
Sami doesn't regret this.
Sami can't just walk away.
Sami loves you.
Sami is so happy he is not with this woman.
Sami is really a good friend of mine.
Sami got really sick.
Sami was in and out of hospital.
Sami is a huge part of my life.
Sami is a big part of my life.
Sami respects Layla.
Sami doesn't want to talk about it.
Sami has to talk about that.
Sami went to the hospital.
Sami cleaned his place.
Sami brought Layla food.
Sami bought Layla food.
Sami didn't work.
Sami was excited.
Sami was very excited.
Sami had many issues.
Sami had a dog.
Sami made me feel terrible inside.
Sami had to work hard for everything.
Sami was paying his bills.
Sami was doing everything on his own and he liked it that way.
Sami didn't want Layla's money.
Sami and Layla got into a fight.
Sami is OK with that.
Sami wanted to live his life.
Sami doesn't judge at all.
Sami bought his ticket.
Mennad flew to Cairo.
Sami and Layla wanted to be on the same flight.
Sami booked his ticket.
Sami is driving me insane.
Sami was in the hospital.
Sami was in the hospital a lot.
Sami was there for Layla.
Sami got busy.
Sami texted Layla.
Sami and Layla didn't talk.
Sami didn't feel anything.
Sami has been so busy with work.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's voice.
Sami wouldn't return Layla's Skype calls.
Sami has to book a ticket.
I miss you all.
I wonder if Tom will go to Boston next week.
I hurt my ankle.
Tom has already been offered a better job.
I play the bass.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their school uniforms.
I play the harp.
Tom and Mary have just returned from Boston.
I played soccer.
Tom has already been told he has to leave.
I play the cello.
Tom sent Mary letters, but she never answered them.
I play the flute.
Tom was supposed to visit Boston last summer.
I know you'll win.
Tom has already been warned several times.
I have to go get it.
Tom saw Mary's car parked in front of a fire hydrant.
I put on my pajamas.
I don't want to tell Tom that I was in Boston.
I have to rent a car.
Tom has lived his whole life in Australia.
I knew you'd find it.
Tom and Mary ate breakfast before their children woke up.
All I drank was coffee.
Tom took the first flight this morning to Boston.
I rarely drive to work.
Tom hasn't been told not to do that again.
I hope you aren't alone.
Tom found out that Mary was the one who stole his wallet.
I looked inside the box.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to Boston with.
I saw you on television.
Tom hasn't yet been told to do that again.
I live near where I work.
Tom went to the drugstore to get the medicine Mary needed.
I may be able to find it.
I heard that Tom come back to Boston for Christmas.
I really like this album.
Tom opened the fridge and took out a beer.
I hope things will change.
Tom and Mary will probably not tell John about what they did.
I let my dog sleep inside.
Tom is looking for a cheap place to live in Boston.
I never do that on Monday.
Are you and Tom going to the party tonight?
I love learning new things.
I always had the feeling that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I meant it as a compliment.
I don't know when Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston.
I need a red ballpoint pen.
Tom and I probably should do that together.
I no longer need your help.
Tom and Mary said they want to go to Boston with us.
I seldom go to the library.
Tom apparently couldn't get what he wanted.
I still make many mistakes.
Tom and Mary told me they're going to Boston tomorrow.
I hardly ever drive to work.
Tom has already been told he can't do that.
My boyfriend and I were workmates.
My boyfriend and I were co-workers.
Sami's most viewed video was viewed million times.
Sami flagged Layla's sexual video.
Sami was very scared.
Sami uploaded a new video.
Sami's video was uploaded.
Sami commented on Layla's video.
Sami's video did more good than harm.
Sami didn't have any way to talk to his friends online.
Sami talked to people.
Sami has two friends: Farid and Salim.
Sami doesn't know his Facebook friends in real life.
Sami has to be really careful.
Sami should listen to his mother.
Sami knows that song.
Sami sent Layla death threats.
Sami didn't know what that meant.
Sami is Layla's stalker.
Sami didn't message Layla.
Sami's content wasn't sexual.
Sami and Layla eventually became friends.
Sami and Layla kept talking.
Sami was a lot older than us.
Sami started asking Layla for pictures.
Sami sent Layla some pictures of his.
Sami made a weird selfie.
Sami could barely see Layla's face.
Sami sent Layla some creepy pictures.
Sami wanted to be friends with us.
Sami called me.
Sami was a bit nervous and shy.
Sami asked Layla to call him.
Sami downloaded Layla's video.
Sami was shocked and disgusted by Layla's video.
Sami was not our friend anymore.
Sami unfriended Layla.
Sami and Layla were both afraid.
Sami had a Tumblr blog.
Sami made a Tumblr account.
Sami doesn't really know how Layla did that.
Sami would always message Layla.
Sami had an obsession with Layla.
Sami sent Layla some really disgusting stuff.
Sami sent the message anonymously.
Sami is messaging Layla.
Sami had a look at the screenshots.
Sami made a new Facebook account.
Sami has six different Facebook accounts.
Sami's heart dropped.
Sami harassed some of his female co-workers.
Sami said that in the beginning of his video.
Sami blocked us on his Instagram.
Sami blocked Layla on Facebook.
Sami couldn't find Layla's Instagram name.
Sami liked the video.
Sami will come back.
Sami took us through everything that happened.
Sami was too trusting.
Sami is too naive.
Sami doesn't want to be rude.
Sami can tell people his story.
Sami was too trusting with people.
Sami was too trusting with strangers.
Sami didn't do anything to stop it.
Sami doesn't remember what happened.
Sami worked as a receptionist.
Sami welcomed the visitors.
Sami chatted to the visitors.
Sami had no family.
Sami was in his sixties.
Sami was a predator.
Sami was an old man.
Sami greeted visitors at the reception.
Sami comes quite frequently.
Sami was really busy.
Sami spoke to another customer.
Sami didn't really need to speak to Layla.
Sami lives on his own.
Sami naively answered all of Layla's questions.
Sami was single at the time.
Sami was overly friendly and naive.
Sami liked to chat and make small talk with people.
Sami tried to impress Layla.
Sami bought a Rolls Royce.
Sami wanted to sell his Ford Focus and buy a Mercedes.
Sami has got a gift for Layla.
Sami had a business.
Sami wants to give this book to Layla as a gift.
Sami was twenty six years old.
Sami brought the gift in for Layla.
Sami's gift is ready.
Sami bought Layla a big gift.
Sami asked Layla to go to his house to get her gift.
Sami told Layla at work about this.
Sami doesn't have any family and friends.
Sami does have a wife.
Sami gave a gift to Layla.
Sami has got a wife.
Sami was looking for another job.
Sami was offered another job.
Sami bought Layla balloons.
Sami seemed he was angry about it.
Sami didn't seem very pleased at all.
Sami just shrugged it off.
Sami can't give you his phone number.
Sami is naive.
Sami gave Layla his e-mail address.
Sami won't reply.
Sami kept e-mailing Layla.
Sami sent a very friendly e-mail to Layla.
Sami completely ignored Layla's e-mails.
Sami can't tell you where he is going to work.
Sami ignored Layla's e-mail.
Sami is always there.
Sami ignored that e-mail as well.
Sami ignored my e-mail.
Sami e-mailed Layla every now and then.
Sami has been doing this.
Sami was watching Layla.
Sami continued to e-mail Layla.
Sami stopped e-mailing Layla.
Sami wasn't e-mailing back.
Sami wasn't replying.
Sami didn't want to ask anyone for help.
Sami was absolutely mortified.
Sami was fantasizing about Layla.
Sami was literally disgusted by Layla's video.
Sami sent Layla an e-mail.
Sami's e-mail made Layla feel uneasy.
Sami came to Layla's work.
Sami showed Layla Salima's e-mails.
Sami was really shocked.
Sami needs to call the police.
Sami doesn't want to waste time with this.
Sami was at the police station.
Sami knew Layla's full name.
Sami looked shocked.
Sami is known for this.
Sami went to Layla's house.
Sami went to Layla's place.
Sami was relieved.
Sami harassed Layla.
Sami stalked Layla.
Sami reported his ex-girlfriend for stalking.
Sami is capable of doing this.
Sami gave people the benefit of the doubt.
I believe in my husband.
I believe in tarot cards.
Sami enjoyed Layla's video.
Sami put the video online.
Sami has a new puppy.
Sami got a call from that man.
Sami scared Layla so much.
Sami doesn't believe me.
Sami can't find Layla's e-mail.
Sami has to believe me.
Sami doesn't worry about it.
Sami got a call from the cops.
Sami went to Cairo.
Sami woke up to a voice mail from Layla.
Sami is not in trouble.
Sami gave Layla a call.
Sami listened to the voice mail.
Sami got an e-mail from Layla.
Sami told us his life story.
Sami found Layla's Facebook page.
Sami figured out everywhere Layla had gone.
If you buy lessons, you will earn an extra $for future lessons.
Sami paused the video.
Sami was shit scared.
Sami had a stalker.
Sami was in his mid-sixties.
Sami didn't e-mail Layla again.
Sami is being falsely nice.
Sami wanted to cover his tracks.
Sami knows where Layla lives.
Buy lessons and get $for future lessons!
Sami saw Layla's beautiful face.
Sami had pictures of Layla's garden.
Sami lives in an apartment.
Sami can't move.
Sami lives in a secure place.
Sami left his door unlocked.
Sami got a call from the FBI.
Sami won't contact Layla again.
Sami contacted the police.
Sami got a call from his mom.
Sami has called me about Layla.
Sami went to his mom's house.
Sami was texting me.
Sami has texted me.
Sami called my mom.
Sami's daughter is there.
Sami can't tell you any information.
Sami is not a minor anymore.
Sami is still a minor.
Sami is sixteen and he's still a minor.
Sami can't tell you anything.
Sami gave Layla Farid's number.
Sami gave Layla his number.
Sami is so bad at telling stories.
Sami was trying to get in contact with Layla.
Sami had previous offences.
Sami e-mailed me.
Sami called Layla on her phone.
Sami is not legally allowed to call or e-mail Layla.
Sami contacted us.
Sami sent threatening e-mails to Layla.
Sami wrote a letter to the police.
Sami did that.
Sami's e-mail scared Layla even more.
Sami talked about it.
Sami will talk about that, too.
Sami has a very bad memory.
Sami used Facebook all the time.
Sami made many YouTube videos.
Sami sent the pictures to Layla's e-mail.
Sami checked out Layla's e-mails.
Sami hacked Layla's computer.
Sami ruined Layla's life.
Sami needed to be arrested.
Sami wrote a Facebook post about Layla.
Sami doesn't know how to hack computers.
Sami acknowledged it.
Sami had a blog.
Sami had a pastry blog.
Sami is much older than Layla.
Sami started posting things about his family.
Sami's parents live in Cairo.
Sami moved to Egypt.
Sami started tweeting at Layla all the time.
Sami beat Layla with a wooden bat.
Sami was following Layla on the streets.
Sami started e-mailing Layla.
Sami's e-mails were very, very long and filled with nonsense.
Sami didn't even know who Layla was.
Sami took Layla's picture.
Sami was texting someone.
Sami is insane.
Sami started yelling.
Sami calmed Layla down.
Sami continued to post nude pictures on Facebook.
Sami was actively stalking Layla.
Sami never did anything.
Sami never did anything wrong.
Sami likes that.
Sami had some form of paranoid schizophrenia.
Sami thought it was true.
Sami has a vlog.
Sami found a bobby pin under his bed.
Sami straightened his hair.
Sami made a new video.
Sami had an online stalker.
Sami started a YouTube channel.
Sami was checking his e-mail.
Sami won't show that.
Sami used to live in Cairo.
Sami lived in a house on Bakir Street.
Sami didn't know who Layla was.
Sami was really freaked out.
Sami almost peed his pants.
Sami screenshot a Google map.
Sami replied to Layla's e-mail.
Sami is a man with a very particular set of skills.
Sami never saw Layla's video.
Sami was freaked out.
Sami didn't reply.
Sami and Layla will talk.
Sami knew where I lived.
Sami messaged Layla back.
Sami can't share this info with you.
Sami replied to Layla's e-mail with pictures.
Sami never replied to that.
Sami can't fool Layla.
Sami knows he's right.
Sami won't text me.
Sami knows what he's talking about.
Sami was wearing a ski mask.
Sami was driving to Layla's house.
Sami won't show any more photos.
Sami threatened to leak Layla's address.
Sami sent Layla so many scary videos.
Sami took photos of Layla.
Sami took photos of his dogs.
Sami is stalking me.
Sami sent an e-mail to Layla.
Sami sent me an e-mail.
Sami wanted attention.
Sami sent Layla another e-mail.
Sami did not feel safe anywhere.
Sami did not feel safe at home.
Sami tweeted Layla.
Sami enjoyed this video.
Sami followed Layla on Facebook.
Sami should take some precautions.
Sami is a makeup artist.
Sami contacted a photographer.
Sami met a very talented photographer.
Sami is very weird.
Sami is completely harmless.
Sami was an experienced photographer.
Sami was messaging Layla all the time.
Sami downloaded the app.
Sami started getting really crazy.
Sami mailed Layla money.
Sami didn't pay Layla enough.
Sami told Layla to stop.
Sami sent Layla really bizarre letters.
Sami felt a little bit better.
Sami's glasses disappeared.
Sami started getting weird.
Sami posted photos of himself wearing Layla's red tights.
Sami wore Layla's tights.
Sami stole Layla's bra.
Sami's messages never stopped.
Sami sent Layla thousands of messages via Facebook.
Sami had multiple accounts on Facebook.
Sami had sixteen different accounts on Instagram.
Sami e-mailed Layla.
Sami started e-mailing Layla more.
Sami blocked Layla through e-mail.
Sami was calling Layla every five minutes.
Sami blocked Layla's phone number.
Sami had to do that online.
Sami couldn't block Layla's phone.
Sami turned off his phone.
Sami presented the court with Layla's threatening messages.
Sami's mom was in Egypt.
Sami started getting messages from other people on Facebook.
Sami is a crazy prick.
Sami was telling people that he had a romantic relationship with Layla.
Sami was very flirtatious.
Sami was obsessed.
Sami and Layla worked together.
Sami and Layla worked together six times.
Sami was never present in Layla's universe.
Sami and Layla went to court.
Sami was granted a one-year restraining order.
Sami can use that against Layla.
Sami violated the restraining order.
Sami did not care.
Sami went to the police department.
Sami is one of Layla's ex-boyfriends.
Sami went to the sheriff's department.
Sami wanted to find Layla.
Sami damaged Layla's reputation.
Sami was able to take Layla back to court.
Sami threatened Layla's life.
Sami sat six feet away from Layla.
Sami has an ice-cream truck.
Sami has so many stories to tell.
Sami was working at a large department store.
Sami comes at eight o'clock every night.
Sami was on drugs.
Sami came on Friday night.
Sami's eyes were quite bloodshot.
Sami entered the store.
Sami had a really weird voice.
Sami is not right.
Sami knew that something was wrong.
Sami kept his distance.
Sami was shopping.
Sami was following Layla.
Sami was listening to Layla.
Sami started to get a little bit scared.
Sami wasn't going to help Layla.
Sami was getting everything ready to close his store.
Sami has got something in his hand.
Sami started talking to me.
Sami said his name.
Sami doesn't even know you.
Sami is at least sixty years older than Layla.
Sami is not working tomorrow.
Sami got so creeped out.
Sami worked here.
Sami is not interested.
Sami wants to buy it.
Sami is leaving the store.
Sami started harassing Layla.
Sami looked like a caveman.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's name.
Sami is back to buy the boots.
Sami is not interested at all.
Sami doesn't have to know.
Sami recognized Layla from the description that I gave him.
Sami was in the back of the store.
Sami was gone.
Sami figured that out pretty quickly.
Sami is not working today.
Sami is not coming today.
Sami started to get a little bit more aggressive.
Sami was feeling uncomfortable.
Sami didn't want to marry Layla.
Sami was going to buy the fur coat.
Sami wouldn't do that to me.
Sami pressed the call button.
Sami was calling security.
Sami is going to tell the police.
Sami can't do that.
Sami asked Layla to leave.
Sami just went away.
Sami kept coming back.
Sami hated to go to work on Saturdays.
Sami was so terrified.
Sami isn't around.
Sami touched Layla's hair.
Sami's behavior made Layla really uncomfortable.
Sami didn't tell anyone.
Sami came to work on Saturday.
Sami can't work by himself.
Sami hates coming here.
Sami isn't doing anything.
Sami talked to the manager of the department store.
Sami didn't take Layla seriously.
Sami isn't going to do anything about it.
I like the taste of lemon water.
Sami gave police a description of the suspect.
Sami filed a report against Layla.
Sami didn't touch me.
Sami worked with me.
I drank plenty of lemon water.
Sami was transferred to a different store.
Sami moved states.
Sami was looking for Layla.
Sami hopes Layla doesn't come back.
Our neighbor has two brown dogs.
Sami has been banned from that store.
Sami was telling everyone about that.
Sami made Layla so angry.
Sami was too scared to report that.
Sami was extremely blessed that nothing happened to him.
Sami made Layla feel uncomfortable.
Sami took every precaution that he could.
Sami knew about it.
Sami's parents came and picked him up.
Learn foreign languages with professional teachers!
Sami wanted Layla to do that.
Sami has no time to film new videos.
Sami was kind of scared.
Sami wasn't really busy.
Sami's phone rang.
Sami picked up the phone.
Sami can't believe his eyes.
Sami just wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami hung up.
Sami didn't recognize Layla's voice at all.
Sami did that as a joke.
Sami thought of all the possibilities.
Sami never said in any of his videos where he worked.
Sami is from my city.
Sami is my age.
Sami probably went to school with Layla.
Sami called Layla's work.
Sami just brushed it off.
Sami went to work the next day.
Sami got another phone call from Layla.
Sami's phone rang again.
Sami barely uses Twitter.
Sami was not following Layla on Instagram.
Sami is in grade twelve and is going to graduate this year.
Sami found out where he worked.
Sami found Layla's tweet.
Sami tweeted where he worked.
Sami called every restaurant in the city.
Sami really liked Layla's video.
Sami didn't reply to Layla.
Sami messaged Layla a sad face.
Sami wanted to talk to Layla.
Sami commented on Layla's photo.
Sami was at work.
Sami was in the basement.
Sami slept in the basement.
Sami got poisoned.
Sami had diarrhoea.
Sami answered his phone.
Sami sat down.
Sami replied.
Sami didn't want to be rude.
Sami wanted to come in.
Sami can come in if he wants.
Sami wouldn't call me at work.
Sami didn't say who he was.
Sami was actually annoyed.
Sami was pissing me off.
Sami won't call you anymore.
Sami was calling Layla.
Sami seemed cool.
Sami can't leave.
Sami is being mean.
Sami seemed like a creep.
Sami bothered Layla.
Sami stopped talking to Layla.
Sami followed Layla on Instagram.
Sami would be happy to talk to you.
Sami blocked Layla off his Instagram.
Sami had a second Instagram account.
Sami is just being nice.
Sami is filming is very first video.
Sami looked familiar.
Sami walked closer to the cash register.
Sami and Layla locked eyes.
Sami almost passed out.
Sami was very confused.
Sami was a good friend.
Sami was a very close friend.
Sami and Layla were friends with that kid.
Sami had six kids.
Sami's mom was best friends with that woman.
Sami must have known that woman.
Sami was a middle-schooler at the time.
Sami forgot that.
Sami continued to be friends with Layla.
Sami popped up wherever Layla was.
Sami was a few feet away.
Sami was watching us.
Sami started getting weird text messages.
Sami will probably always remember that.
Sami gave Layla a flower.
Sami painted his house white.
Sami and Layla were friends with Salima.
Sami got a text message.
Sami's text message was signed with the letter F.
Sami sent Layla a very poetic text message.
Sami put a flower on Layla's bed.
Sami continued to send letters to Layla.
Sami continued to send text messages to Layla.
Sami sent a very poetic text message to Layla.
Sami was terrifying the girls.
Sami continued to sit at Layla's lunch table.
Sami didn't have anywhere else to go.
Sami started noticing strange things.
Sami lived in a gated community.
Sami was showering.
Sami will never forget that.
Sami is another friend.
Sami was outside, taking pictures.
Sami also lives in a gated community.
Sami looked towards the woods.
Sami was playing tricks on us.
Sami heard footsteps.
Sami's text messages stopped.
Sami went to high school.
Sami appeared.
Sami was at high school.
Sami looks so good.
Sami should give Layla his number.
Sami was trying to be nice.
Sami was actually terrified.
Sami never spoke to Layla again.
Sami never gave Layla his number.
Sami didn't give Layla his new number.
Sami didn't say anything to me.
Sami just looked at Layla.
Sami continued to stare at Layla.
Sami saw Layla.
Sami went back to his old high school.
Sami's parents picked him up.
Sami was in front of the school.
Sami asked Layla for her phone number.
Sami admitted to us that he was gay.
Sami doesn't think Layla recognized him.
Sami wanted to tell that story.
Sami has had a creepy experience.
Sami didn't know who was stalking him.
Sami doesn't have any story to tell.
Sami has a new idea.
Sami had a stalker in high school.
Sami wasn't a dangerous guy.
Sami started to stalk Layla.
Sami was hanging out with that guy.
Sami followed Layla around the school.
Sami sat there, staring at Layla.
Sami had a creepy look.
Sami was staring at Layla.
Sami just ignored that.
Sami made Layla feel really uncomfortable.
Sami didn't say anything.
Sami was hanging around unwantedly.
Sami started following Layla to her classes.
Sami was sitting at his desk, doing his work.
Sami was just sitting there, doing his work.
Sami was staring at me.
Sami was sitting outside of the classroom.
Sami is following you around the school.
Sami didn't notice.
Sami went to that school.
Sami and Layla slept in separate rooms.
Sami was standing there.
Sami went to the bathroom.
Sami came out of the classroom.
Sami was standing outside.
Sami is following Layla.
Sami walked out of the classroom.
Sami kept walking.
Sami followed Layla into the bathroom.
Sami wasn't supposed to use the senior toilets.
Sami wasn't a senior.
Sami has completely disappeared.
Sami came out of the office.
Sami disappeared before I went in there.
Sami didn't look at Layla.
Sami just kept walking.
Sami went back into his classroom.
Sami didn't say anything to his teacher.
Sami is still following me.
Sami can't say anything.
Sami started yelling at Layla.
Sami didn't know what was wrong with Layla.
Sami was actually stalking Layla.
Sami should stop following Layla around the school.
Sami asked Layla to stop following him.
Sami never talked to Layla.
Sami saw Layla outside of school.
Sami took singing lessons.
Sami went there Saturday night.
Sami parked around the corner.
Sami got out of the car.
Sami was sitting on the steps leading up to the court.
Sami knows where I am.
Sami knew Layla was going there.
Sami walked past and didn't say anything.
Sami is outside.
Sami didn't know where Layla was.
Sami should do something about that.
Sami never said Layla's name.
Sami is acting really sketchy.
Sami followed Layla outside of school.
Sami stopped following Layla.
Sami stopped stalking Layla.
Sami started college in September.
Sami was in college.
Sami had a catfish.
Sami met Layla in college.
Sami met Layla when he as sixteen years old.
Sami wanted to talk about what happened.
Sami has forgiven that guy.
Sami would never say hi.
Sami won't tell you his full name.
Sami messaged Layla on Facebook.
Sami told Layla he really liked her a lot.
Sami sat a few tables away.
Sami did not do that.
Sami continued looking at Layla.
Sami went out to grab food.
Sami kept his hand on Layla's leg.
Sami put his hand on Layla's leg.
Sami touched Layla's leg.
Sami started touching Layla's leg.
Sami messaged Layla to tell her that he had seen her video.
Sami messaged Layla to tell her that he had seen her on TV.
Sami didn't want to offend Layla.
Sami needed glasses.
Sami would say that kind of thing a lot.
Sami followed Layla around.
Sami never really asked Layla to leave.
Sami goes out every Saturday night.
Sami messaged Layla when he got home.
Sami is very tall.
Sami could easily overpower Layla.
Sami could hurt Layla.
Sami hasn't gone home yet.
Sami was glad.
Sami had strong feelings for Layla.
Sami did not respect that at all.
Sami and Layla watched a film.
Sami sat between me and Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to be alone together.
Sami came over to watch a film.
Sami is all alone.
Sami's birth resulted from an extramarital affair.
She was liked.
You still have your milk teeth.
Do those lights need to be on?
She hardly fits into that car. Find something better for her.
Those ducks are hurt.
Death is not a trivial matter.
The potato belongs to someone else.
Where exactly should he be?
Where exactly should it be?
How should he look like?
What is he supposed to look like?
What is it supposed to look like?
Where exactly is it supposed to be?
I had no idea Tom was into men.
The only thing that Tom will miss about Mary is the bed.
I can see that you don't give a damn about anything here.
I don't like cleaning.
Dogs bitten by other dogs also bite.
If you do it once more, you will be sacked immediately.
I hope to be back by Monday.
Tom and Mary were in Boston at that time, weren't they?
I hope you enjoy spicy food.
Tom has already been told never to do that.
I know where to look for it.
Tom and Mary never told me that they used to live in Boston.
I never thought I'd find it.
Tom has already been told to do that again.
I still have to pay my rent.
Tom has already been warned more than once.
I think everything's OK now.
Tom has already been warned not to do that.
I think this should help us.
Tom has been in Australia for three months.
I thought it was very funny.
Tom and I have a couple of classes together.
I'll see you this afternoon.
Tom and I played together when we were kids.
I have to go get my hair cut.
Tom and I probably should go there together.
I have to study this evening.
Tom has already been asked to do that again.
I know what you said to them.
Tom has already been told he should do that.
I need to go get my hair cut.
Tom hasn't been told not to do that anymore.
I really think it's possible.
Tom and I spent all evening dancing together.
Was Tom able to find what he was looking for?
I thought it was pretty nice.
Tom and I go fishing together once in a while.
I lost my wife in an accident.
Tom and I used to do a lot of things together.
I really like classical music.
I think everything's fine now.
Tom has already been told not to do that here.
I have to get this door opened.
Why don't you talk directly to Tom about that?
I just made a terrible mistake.
Tom and I accomplished everything we wanted to.
I know those girls pretty well.
Tom has already been told he shouldn't do that.
I locked myself out of my room.
Tom has already been told not to do that again.
I think I can afford to buy it.
Tom hasn't been told that he needs to pay more.
I've read all of these letters.
I advise you to do whatever Tom tells you to do.
I don't like traveling by train.
Tom has already been asked not to do that again.
I have to talk to you right now.
Tom has already been told to do that by himself.
I may not be at tonight's party.
Tom and I eat lunch together every day at school.
I still don't intend to do that.
Tom asked me if I fell asleep during the concert.
I predict there will be problems.
Tom has already been told never to do that again.
I only have a couple of questions.
Tom has already been told not to do that anymore.
I only wrote three songs last year.
Tom and I haven't done anything together in weeks.
I might not be at the party tonight.
Tom has already been asked not to do that anymore.
I haven't done what I have to do yet.
Tom has already been arrested at least three times.
I haven't shut down the computer yet.
Tom has already been told not to do that by himself.
I haven't yet learned how to do that.
Tom has already been transferred to another hospital.
I want to know what you've found out.
Tom hasn't been told that he doesn't need to do that.
"His kinsman, by a needy father sent, / with him in boyhood to the war I came."
"And while in plenitude of power he went, / and high in princely counsels waxed his fame, / I too could boast of credit and a noble name."
Tom is the best French teacher I know.
I thought that was a little strange.
Tom wants to practice French with native speakers.
I'd prefer to use a French textbook written by a native French speaker.
I'd rather study French with a native French speaker.
I know I should've gotten here sooner.
Tom may have missed the bus he was planning to catch.
I still don't know what it looks like.
Tom always waits until the last minute to do anything.
I think I left my phone at your house.
Tom has already been told to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
I think I understand the general idea.
Why would Tom sing that song after I asked him not to?
I want to know what you've discovered.
Tom has already been told several times not to do that.
I stayed at home because it was raining.
Tom has already been told never to come back here again.
"But when, through sly Ulysses' envious hate, / he left the light – alas! the tale ye know –, / stricken, I mused indignant on his fate, / and dragged my days in solitude and woe."
"Nor in my madness kept my purpose low, / but vowed, if e'er should happier chance invite, / and bring me home a conqueror, even so / my comrade's death with vengeance to requite. / My words aroused his wrath; thence evil's earliest blight. / Thenceforth Ulysses sought with slanderous tongue / to daunt me, scattering in the people's ear / dark hints, and looked for partners of his wrong; / nor rested, till with Calchas' aid, the seer..."
I don't put potatoes in the refrigerator.
Tom has already been told that he's required to do that.
Don't waste your time trying to convince Tom to help you.
I left some of the stuff I need in the car.
Tom hasn't yet been told that he doesn't need to do that.
I still have the umbrella that you lent me.
I'm not really in love with Tom.
I really hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
I knew you'd find what you were looking for.
Tom has already been told that he doesn't need to do that.
I still have to buy some food for the party.
Tom has already been told not to try to do that by himself.
I think I'll put this back where I found it.
Tom has already been told that he isn't required to do that.
I've gained a lot of weight since Christmas.
Tom has already been told that he's not required to do that.
I can't afford to buy a new car at this time.
Tom and his friends play poker together every Monday evening.
I haven't bought you a Christmas present yet.
Do you still think Tom and you'll be able to do that by yourselves?
I've only written three songs so far this year.
Tom wanted more coffee, so I went into the kitchen and made another pot.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay this bill now.
I have to take Tom to a doctor.
I think I've already done everything that needs to be done.
Do you know who invented pasteurized milk?
Where is the harbour?
Is today Thursday or Friday?
This dishtowel is soaking wet.
I need to do the dishes.
How many languages have you mastered?
Where is the best coffee in town?
Keep those potatoes hidden!
Tom became a vegan.
Tom bought a new T-shirt.
Tom has many phobias.
Do you like to going to the cinema or do you prefer watching television at home?
Tom is an attractive man.
His face was a strangely beautiful.
Kansas is exactly in the center of the United States.
We washed an apple.
It's very important!
I finally could sleep.
He's a man with a strong build.
Lyme disease is an infection transmitted by ticks.
In general, people who generalize are imbeciles, but only in general.
Look! We've just missed the bus.
In the store, they bought the necessities and the superfluous.
After school, she will write a letter.
She comes to school in her own car.
I'm a bit exhausted from the hike.
I take two small spoonfuls of sugar with my coffee.
I ate your cake.
Whoever sinned must pay the price.
The second Gulf War caused a surge in the price of petroleum.
As I tried, I found it simple.
Search for work!
It's said that the youth of today are apathetic.
But there is still another possibility.
Bobby Womack was a legend of American soul music.
Have you ever received injections of serum of horse, beef, lamb, or another animal?
I stayed at home today because I'm very ill.
No, there's nobody.
Sami sat between me and the wall.
Sami was uncomfortable.
Sami has just met a new friend.
Sami pushed himself into Layla's back.
Sami felt there was something pushing into his back.
Sami could see Layla's knees.
Sami didn't want to let Layla down.
Sami shouldn't have put himself in that situation.
Sami took it too far.
Sami brought a friend.
Sami was with somebody else.
Sami invited Layla out for food.
Sami isn't there.
Sami is not that thin.
Sami is thin.
Sami is hitting on Layla.
Sami talked about that at the end of the video.
Sami's text messages were fake. Layla made them up.
Sami and Layla were alone.
Sami was at the bus station.
Sami is such a nice person.
Sami could never hurt a person.
Sami was too polite.
Sami was nervous around Farid.
Sami left college.
Sami felt really uncomfortable.
Sami still feels ill.
Sami started to get angry at me.
Sami got more nasty and aggressive.
Sami spent the whole day at college.
Sami and Layla had a big falling-out.
Sami was staring at Layla in the classroom.
Sami didn't think anything of it.
Sami apologized for everything.
Sami and Layla met after class.
Sami can't come.
Sami has got a job.
Sami will go.
Sami will be back.
Sami was having a meal.
Sami punched Layla in the face.
Sami went to pick up his sister from school.
Sami has been filming Layla.
Sami came up to Layla and apologized for everything.
Sami didn't want Farid to hurt Layla.
Sami's anxiety got worse.
Sami was talking to Layla about it.
Sami overheard that.
Sami was threatening us.
Sami sent the screenshot of Layla's threatening message to his teacher.
Sami is feeling anxious.
Sami worked from home.
Sami didn't want to get involved.
Sami needs to stop that.
Sami's threatening messages made Layla's anxiety worse.
Sami was friends with Layla.
Sami contacted one of Layla's friends.
Sami was mentally unstable.
Sami can't talk to Layla because of her mental state.
Sami turned all of Layla's friends against her.
Sami didn't want his friends to know the truth.
Sami had proof.
Sami's threatening messages are fake.
Sami was in therapy.
Sami didn't want to get the police involved.
Sami came to this house.
Sami can't admit to what he has done.
Sami told his friend.
Sami confessed.
Sami took Layla's side.
Sami doesn't like Layla anymore.
Sami isn't friends with Layla anymore.
Sami talked bad about Layla.
Sami is not a real friend.
Sami decided to cut Layla off.
Sami confirmed it did happen.
Sami asked Layla to confirm that that did happen and she did.
Sami didn't really want that.
Sami left college six years ago.
Sami did scare me.
Sami is going to town.
Sami is on a bus.
Sami felt very unsafe.
Sami stood up for himself.
Sami is brave.
Sami is protecting Layla.
Sami is protecting himself.
Sami is not scared to tell the teacher about that.
Sami's behavior makes Layla feel uncomfortable.
Sami is not the only person that has gone through this.
Sami doesn't take rejection very well.
Sami is a brave person.
Sami removed bad friends out of his life.
Sami has a girlfriend.
Sami wanted to get that off his chest.
Sami talked about what happened.
Sami doesn't want anybody to feel sorry for him.
Sami talks about himself.
Sami and Layla have the same problems.
Sami loves to hear Layla's stories.
Sami thanked Layla for the gift.
Sami smells like chicken.
Sami was known for being violent.
Sami wasn't popular at high school.
Sami didn't kill Layla.
Sami was only there for a couple of weeks.
Sami was new to that school.
Sami recognized my dad.
Sami found out that Layla was Mr. Bakir's daughter.
Sami was a nice kid.
Sami goes to the gym.
Sami is single.
Sami has even never had a girlfriend.
Sami doesn't want that to happen to Layla.
Sami saw Layla's name.
Sami was so rude.
Sami doesn't use Facebook.
Sami wanted to chat with Layla.
Sami wants to talk to Layla.
Sami turned off the wifi.
Sami was heading to the classroom.
Sami didn't clean up after himself.
Sami was driving home.
Sami checked his phone.
Sami opened his phone.
Sami is already falling for Layla.
Sami was not answering Layla.
Sami was apologizing to Layla.
Sami went to practise.
Sami saw Layla six hours ago.
Sami texts me every morning.
Sami came down to the cafeteria.
Sami is not really allowed to do that.
Sami did that anyway.
Sami was walking next to his dad.
Sami started flirting with Layla.
Sami ended his first day of school and went home.
Sami sent Layla a picture of him shirtless.
Sami didn't respond.
Sami sent Layla a picture.
Sami told Layla what he thought of her body.
Sami asked Layla what color was her bra.
Sami didn't know how to respond.
Sami was comfortable doing that.
Sami was dating the teacher's daughter.
Sami was walking to the auditorium.
Sami was a few feet away from that door.
Sami heard the bell ring.
Sami saw Layla's father.
Sami ran up behind Layla.
Sami was in class.
Sami is supposed to be in class.
Sami was skipping class.
Sami got a message from Layla.
Sami doesn't understand why Layla is not open with him.
Sami got reallt curious about who that girl really was.
Sami is a Spongebob fan.
Sami should not trust Layla.
Sami stalks girls.
Sami was the only person in the classroom.
Sami was drinking water.
Sami stopped drinking and looked at me.
Sami was doing something weird.
Sami was kicking a locker.
Sami didn't think about this at all.
Sami wants to kill me.
Sami tries to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
Sami was going to college.
Sami took his end-of-the-year test.
Sami failed his test.
Sami took his test.
Sami was with his mom.
Sami decided to sit next to me.
Sami started eying Layla.
Sami looked trashy.
Sami was there to take his test.
Sami lost all feelings for Layla.
Sami is still stalking Layla.
Sami is going on a trip this summer.
I like your profile pic.
Sami needs some advice.
Sami was in his freshman year.
Sami was a sophomore.
Sami was kind of a stalker.
Sami got really lucky.
Sami was constantly busy.
Sami didn't want to stay single.
Sami didn't want to date anyone.
Sami wanted to be focused on school.
Sami wanted to be focused on his career.
Sami and Layla would text all time.
Sami is Layla's secret admirer.
Sami read Layla's message.
Sami was very polite.
Sami doesn't know this guy.
Sami is really nice.
Sami doesn't want to be in a relationship.
Sami understands Layla.
Sami solved the problem.
Sami forgot about the whole thing.
Sami spent a week in Egypt.
Sami came a week later.
Sami is tall.
Sami doesn't know anything about this guy.
Sami found that annoying.
Sami told that to his friend.
Sami wanted Layla to text him.
Sami would never give his number to a random person.
Sami has Layla's number.
Sami knows this person.
Sami told Layla that she had a secret admirer.
Sami got fed up.
Sami wanted to find out who that person was.
Sami was curious.
Sami can do that for Layla.
Sami texted that number.
Sami found out who that person was.
Sami was absolutely shocked.
Sami was in my class.
Sami has never ever talked to Layla in his life.
Sami has talked to Layla before.
Sami knows Layla's name.
Sami never talks to Layla.
Sami focused on his school work.
Sami was kind of shocked.
Sami was very, very shocked.
Sami doesn't think Layla knows that it was him that has done that.
Sami gave Layla another chance.
Sami doesn't know that.
Sami found that very annoying.
Sami follows Layla on Instagram.
Sami never followed Layla back on Instagram.
Sami posted a picture on Facebook.
Sami wasn't talking about Layla.
Sami will never know that.
Sami doesn't know and will never know.
Sami doesn't want to talk about it anymore.
Sami is tired of this.
Sami didn't even answer Layla's message.
Sami should give Layla a chance.
Sami didn't want to get involved with Layla.
Sami should just leave it there.
Sami can't remember that.
Sami could not keep his eyes to himself.
Sami is staring at Layla.
Sami didn't want to talk to Layla.
Sami felt Layla staring at him all the time.
Sami found that rather scary.
Sami was so nice.
Sami is a nice guy.
Sami's family is from Egypt.
Sami's family was affected by the hurricane.
Sami wanted to help his family out.
Sami looks like an alien.
Sami used to talk to a lot of different people.
Sami caught Layla looking at him.
Sami ran away.
Sami didn't want to be with Layla.
Sami tried to talk to Layla.
Sami's Arabic was a little bit broken.
Sami learned Arabic.
Sami didn't really like Layla's vibes.
That's kinda scary to think about.
Sami gave Layla my number.
Sami told Layla he was her secret admirer.
Sami can't block that number.
Sami kept on texting Layla.
Sami kept on messaging Layla.
Sami can't do that by himself.
Sami kept not responding to Layla's calls.
Sami kept not responding to Layla's messages.
Sami immediately ended the phone call.
Sami likes to talk to different types of people.
Sami talked to Layla's friends.
Sami gave Layla information about me.
Sami liked to do that.
I will always remember to forget.
Sami tried to add Layla on Facebook.
Sami was overreacting a little bit.
Sami does not have good intentions.
Just take a spoonful.
Sami is a dangerous stalker.
Where's the honey?
Sami kept going with his constant and annoying texting.
Sami was interested in Layla.
Sami didn't tell anybody anything.
Sami and his sisters were very close.
Sami's text messages kept coming.
Sami was staring at the camera.
Sami saved all those messages.
Sami visited Layla.
Sami came to the bus stop to pick Layla up.
Sami was leaving school.
Sami's grandma was there.
Sami's sister was super hot.
Sami and Layla were walking separately.
Sami heard somebody behind him.
Sami heard somebody walk behind him.
Sami turned around and made eye contact with Layla.
Sami started sprinting.
Sami didn't run after Layla.
Sami was smiling.
Sami had a little umbrella.
I copied sentences.
Sami didn't want what was going on.
Sami heard that that guy was stalking Layla.
Sami walked back home.
Sami was obsessed with Layla.
Sami rode the same bus as Layla.
Sami is really small.
Sami is angry.
Sami was mad.
Sami called Layla and she answered.
Sami didn't stop calling Layla.
Sami told his parents.
Sami told his dad.
Sami told his mom.
Sami is gonna call the police on Layla.
Sami never called me again.
Sami wants to see Layla.
Sami was looking for any excuse to talk to Layla.
Sami was not a good guy.
Sami was a very intimidating guy.
Let me tell you a thing.
Sami was a very influential guy.
Sami and Layla broke up last summer.
Sami tried to bother Layla.
Sami isn't going to bother Layla anymore.
Sami will call the police.
No, sir, it's free.
Sami got bored.
Sami was being ignored.
Sami never messed with me again.
Sami stopped his text messages.
Sami stopped sending Layla text messages.
Sami stalked young girls.
Sami's daughter had a stalker.
Sami lost his patience.
Sami doesn't want to talk to people.
Sami should let Layla mess with his life.
Sami shouldn't talk to Layla.
Sami shouldn't let anybody mess with him.
Sami has the right to live.
Sami doesn't want to miss that.
Sami and Layla are still in the same high school.
Sami lost his credit card.
Sami lived in Cairo about six years ago.
Sami was walking down Bakir Street.
I'm a tailor.
I just sold Tom my car.
I was elected.
I'm not going with Tom.
I'll pay this.
I met a friend of Tom's.
I'm a fireman.
I'll send Tom a message.
I'll wait inside.
I told Tom where we'd be.
I'm an architect.
I just left Tom a message.
I'm an interpreter.
I left Tom three messages.
I almost suffocated.
I lie to Tom all the time.
I'll be busy all day.
I live quite close to Tom.
I'll go home at 2:30.
I saw you take Tom's keys.
I'd rather have coffee.
I told Tom I wasn't ready.
I'm having a hard week.
I told Tom I wasn't tired.
I'm not going to dance.
I'm afraid to talk to Tom.
I wonder who'll help us.
I hope Tom passes the exam.
I'll be home in a while.
I saw Tom stumble and fall.
I want you to look at me.
I think I've convinced Tom.
I'm not always this busy.
I told Tom to arrive early.
I think that's a fir tree.
I told Tom where we'd gone.
I'll go and tell everyone.
I have to talk to Tom first.
I'm afraid I ate too much.
I have to wait for Tom here.
I thought it would be here.
I was here waiting for you.
I spoke with Tom last night.
I'll bring it there myself.
I suppose we should ask Tom.
I'll find out who did this.
I haven't seen Tom for weeks.
I'll go home in three days.
I told Tom it was ridiculous.
I'm just telling the truth.
I'll see Tom again on Monday.
I thought I'd never find it.
I haven't seen Tom for months.
I want to talk with you now.
I suppose I'd better call Tom.
I went to school by bicycle.
I told Tom to get there early.
I'll write to you next week.
I'm going to give this to Tom.
I'm home almost every night.
I haven't seen Tom for a month.
Let's meet tomorrow at 2:30.
I just gave Tom thirty dollars.
I think maybe I can help you.
I spent the whole day with Tom.
I think we'll never know why.
I told Tom where we were going.
I think we've run out of gas.
I have to talk to Tom right now.
I thought you didn't like it.
I left Tom a couple of messages.
I thought you liked swimming.
I owe Tom three hundred dollars.
I want to go get my hair cut.
I promise you that I'll help Tom.
I won't be home until Monday.
I really enjoyed talking with Tom.
I wonder whose idea that was.
I poured Tom another cup of coffee.
I'll have to do that one day.
I think you won't find Tom at home.
I'll take you to the airport.
I'll let Tom know that you called.
I want to stay for a few days.
I suppose we should ask Tom what he thinks.
I want to talk with you first.
I think Tom won't be home at this time of day.
I wonder whose fault that was.
Marc is in the bedroom.
He has ambitious projects.
They sing beautiful songs.
Sami had many secret rituals.
Sami kept his eyes open.
Sami asked Layla what her name was.
Sami was massaging Layla.
Sami was talking about that.
Sami went to wash his hands.
Sami was hitting on Layla.
Sami was drinking with Layla.
Sami is dating Layla.
Sami does there sometimes.
Sami kept asking Layla personal questions.
Sami is so busy.
Sami washed the dirt off.
Sami is not really looking for a date.
Sami was very flattered.
Sami goes to that shop every Saturday.
Sami was not really interested.
Sami has followed Layla here.
Sami followed Layla to this store.
Sami doesn't work for Google.
How could you do this to me after all we've been through together?
Sami wanted to touch Layla's hands.
Sami saw what just happened.
Sami was watching that.
Sami gave Layla a hand massage.
Sami told Layla he wasn't interested.
Sami followed Layla in here.
Sami turned Layla down.
Sami sees Layla every week.
Sami was rubbing Layla's hands.
Sami will fix this.
Sami is not really interested in buying anything.
Sami is gonna have to leave.
Sami didn't pay for that.
Sami bought some stuff.
Sami was purchasing something.
Sami will come back tomorrow.
Sami understands that.
Sami was six hundred feet away.
Sami was right behind Layla.
Sami stalked that woman.
Sami was afraid to do that.
Sami said he was interested in Layla.
Sami was in the store.
Sami was in the shop.
Sami was waiting in line.
Sami felt a tap on his shoulder.
Sami has already told you that.
Sami was like annoyed.
Sami is not gonna change.
Sami is still following Layla.
Sami comes to Bakir Street every Saturday to see Layla.
Sami comes to Cairo every week to see Layla.
Sami wanted to make Layla feel special.
Sami doesn't know what he's saying.
Sami is stalking Layla.
Sami got in a cab.
Sami asked the cab to drive in circles for an hour.
Sami never went to Bakir Street again.
Sami hasn't been to Bakir Street since that moment.
Sami has fond memories of that pizza.
Sami loves Layla's cookies.
Sami was super creepy.
Sami is doing it.
Sami doesn't to that at all.
Sami won't say no to that.
Sami wanted ice cream.
Sami stalked Layla for months.
Sami did what Layla asked him to do.
Sami was a bartender for many years.
Sami works so hard.
Sami is a bartender and he knows how to deal with weirdos.
Sami was sitting in front of me, filming me.
Sami was sitting in front of the camera.
Sami came home late.
Sami told us some crazy stories.
Sami wasn't sixteen yet.
Sami was sixteen or seventeen.
Sami carried beer to the table.
Sami worked in the bar.
Sami worked in that store.
Sami worked in a department store.
Sami was pulled over by cops.
Sami ran back to the kicthen.
Sami's kitchen was on the other side.
Sami and Layla walked out together.
Sami didn't see any police officer there.
Sami's bar was closed.
Sami was leaving the bar.
Sami drove home.
Sami and Layla live in the same town.
Sami lived just six minutes from the bar.
Sami has done this drive a million times.
Sami knows the route by heart.
Sami took a right, then another right.
Sami drove for six minutes.
Sami saw someone coming.
Sami saw no light.
Sami turned on his headlights.
Sami's headlights were not working.
Sami was being followed.
Sami was tailgating Layla.
Sami put on his lights.
Sami parked his car here.
Sami found that so weird.
Sami couldn't see who the driver was.
Sami was not speaking.
Sami is going home.
Sami knows that place.
Sami has been there before.
Sami just wants to go home.
Sami and Layla are talking.
Sami's tail lights are on.
Sami is a police officer.
Sami doesn't know a lot about cars.
Sami just believed Layla.
Sami press hard on his brakes.
Sami pressed on his brakes.
Sami came out.
Sami just came from the bar.
Sami was wearing a shirt with the bar logo.
Sami was fine.
Sami asked Layla to get out.
Sami is freezing.
Sami was short.
Sami is a tall boy.
Sami's wife is really tall.
Sami trusted Layla.
Sami was a police officer.
Sami was parked.
Sami has just been to the mechanic.
Sami looked over his entire car and fixed everything that was broken.
Sami has just gone to the mechanic.
Sami doesn't really see that.
Sami didn't want to argue with that guy.
Sami is probably right.
Sami is in this town.
Sami doesn't want to get pulled over again.
Sami gave Layla a whole speech.
Sami is helping Layla fix her car.
Sami was stepping on the grass.
Sami was thinking about that.
Sami did what Layla was telling me to do.
Sami wants Layla to do that.
Sami's SUV is pretty big.
Sami showed Layla the footage.
Sami was screaming at me.
Sami was yelling at me.
Sami had a little car.
Sami got in huge trouble.
Sami was shaking.
Sami insisted.
Sami needs to know the whole situation.
Sami walked back to his vehicle.
Sami opened his passenger door.
Sami can't believe this is real.
Sami is so thankful.
Sami is someone you can trust.
Sami grabbed Layla's left arm.
Sami was facing the road.
Sami turned towards Layla.
Sami had a firm grip on Layla's arm.
Sami was squeezing Layla's hand very hard.
Sami didn't want to get out of his vehicle.
Sami's dad is waiting for him.
Sami slammed his passenger door shut.
Sami was in a bad situation.
Sami drove off.
Sami was following me.
Sami was right behind me.
Sami saw a blaring light coming from behind his car.
Sami passed the college without seeing Layla.
Sami got into Layla's vehicle.
Sami pretended to be a policeman.
Sami was wearing a police jacket.
Sami wasn't really an officer.
Sami is home alone.
Sami didn't get into Layla's vehicle.
Sami was accused of making the story up.
Sami knows the truth.
Sami knows that this happened.
Sami's stalker was arrested.
Sami was being stalked.
Sami doesn't live in fear anymore.
Sami doesn't want to live in fear.
Sami filmed a really long video.
Sami showed Layla Farid's messages.
Sami took action.
Sami needed to take action.
Sami wasn't aware that this was happening.
Sami will find out why in just a second.
Sami still works in that restaurant.
Sami and Layla were just hanging out.
Sami is a bartender.
Sami has been wanting to tell Layla this.
Sami said that to his boss.
Sami's restaurant was shut down.
Sami doesn't work there anymore.
Sami cared too much about Layla's safety.
Sami is the bartender.
Sami has been calling every day.
Sami has been calling Layla every morning.
Sami has been trying to get Layla's address and phone number.
Sami is gonna kill Layla.
Sami answers the phone.
Sami didn't take it too seriously.
Sami lived in Cairo.
Sami always made fun of Layla for her YouTube videos.
Sami made a video about that.
Sami shouldn't have done that.
Sami should have taken that more seriously.
Sami started taking that seriously.
Sami opened Layla's message.
Sami did some digging and found some information about Layla.
Sami called Layla's high school.
Tom said he knew this would happen.
Tom said he knew that this would happen.
I haven't yet told anyone what I found.
I haven't yet told anybody what I found.
I should never have trusted them.
I should've left a note for Tom.
I think you know them both.
I think you know both of them.
I told Tom I'd made a mistake.
I told Tom that I'd made a mistake.
I told Tom I was only joking.
I told Tom that I was only joking.
I told Tom that I'd think about it.
I told Tom that you already knew.
I told Tom that you went home sick.
I told Tom that you were busy.
I told Tom that you were coming.
I told Tom that you were happy.
I told Tom that you were hungry.
I told Tom that we'd be late.
I told Tom Mary was busy.
I told Tom that Mary was busy.
I told Tom Mary was coming.
I told Tom that Mary was coming.
I told Tom Mary was happy.
I told Tom that Mary was happy.
I told Tom Mary was hungry.
I told Tom that Mary was hungry.
I told Tom that I was coming.
I told you that I'd changed my mind.
I told you that I'd help.
I told you it was ridiculous.
I told you that it was ridiculous.
I told you that we'd be late.
I want to give this to you.
I weigh much more than you.
I weigh much more than you do.
I'll borrow an umbrella from someone.
I'll let Tom know that you're here.
I'll tell Tom that you're here.
I'll go tell Tom you're here.
I'll go tell Tom that you're here.
I'll make you some sandwiches.
I'll make some sandwiches for you.
I'll tell Tom that you called.
I'll tell Tom that you were here.
I'll tell Tom that you're ready.
I should never have taken it.
I never should've taken it.
Tom and I used to play together when we were kids.
Tom and I used to play together when we were children.
Sami has a lot more information about Layla.
Tom has already been told he doesn't have to do that.
Tom has already been told that he doesn't have to do that.
I never should've let Tom do that.
I should've never let Tom do that.
I should never have let Tom do that.
I doubt Tom will keep his promise.
I'm confident I can pass tomorrow's French test.
I'm confident that I can pass tomorrow's French test.
I'm so sorry I doubted you.
I'm the one who told that to Tom.
I'm very proud of my children.
I'm very proud of my kids.
I have a list of things I want you to buy.
I have a list of things that I want you to buy.
I've never said this to anyone before.
I've never said this to anybody before.
I've never seen anyone die.
I have the feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have the feeling that you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have the feeling you'll be a very good father.
I have the feeling that you'll be a very good father.
I called a taxi for Tom.
I called Tom's house, but no one answered.
I didn't give any money to Tom.
I didn't know that Tom was alone.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were such good cooks.
I didn't know Tom was so tired.
I didn't know that Tom was so tired.
I bet I can do that better than Tom can.
I bet that I can do that better than Tom can.
Tom grew up in the same orphanage as Mary.
Tom grew up in the same orphanage as Mary did.
I didn't say that Tom and Mary weren't smart.
I wanted to say that I was sorry.
Sami won't stop until he gets what he wants.
Sami was really taken aback.
Sami wasn't someone Layla knew.
Sami made fun of me.
Sami doesn't really understand that.
Sami is not someone we really know.
Sami called his dad.
Sami is a weird guy.
Sami needs to call cops right now.
Sami called the cops.
Sami had a fake Facebook profile.
Sami was a cyberstalker.
Sami agreed to that.
Sami knew who his stalker was.
Sami was in another state.
Sami lived in another state.
Sami and Layla lived in the same state.
Sami looks completely different.
Sami wanted to make Layla love him.
Sami is a heartless person.
Sami is too stupid to see that.
Sami read that.
Sami wasn't responding.
Sami asked Layla to say something.
Sami hurt me so bad.
Sami was absolutely disgusted.
Sami wasn't taken into custody.
Sami was locked up.
Sami started living in fear.
Sami was very paranoid.
Sami was working alone in a coffee stand.
Sami didn't recognize that guy.
Sami didn't know what Layla looked like.
Sami found out where Layla lived.
Sami knew where Layla lived.
Sami didn't want to go home when it was dark.
Sami was hiding in there.
Sami stayed in the living room.
Sami had very ill intentions.
Sami is very paranoid.
Sami was paranoid like that for months.
Sami is not gonna be scared.
I have tickets.
I'm very smart.
I can't see Tom anymore.
I have oily skin.
I've just talked to Tom.
I believe Tom knows Mary.
I'm not your wife.
I brought Tom some fruit.
I've just sold my car.
I can teach Tom to fight.
I have sand in my hair.
I can't be seen with Tom.
Sami didn't hear anything from Layla for months.
I have no other details.
I convinced Tom to drive.
I have no other secrets.
I bought a watch from Tom.
I have other work to do.
I can't give these to Tom.
I have a washing machine.
I'm tired of standing up.
I didn't say Tom could go.
I have a pretty good idea.
I'm one of Tom's students.
I'm over thirty years old.
I'm really angry with Tom.
I'm quite angry right now.
I'm really angry with you.
I didn't mean to scare Tom.
I'm working at home today.
I have a wife and children.
I can try to reason with Tom.
I've never been to a beach.
I convinced Tom to try again.
I don't have a book to read.
I going to the concert with Tom.
I have longer legs than you.
We certainly can't blame Tom.
I have things I need to fix.
I consider Tom my best friend.
I've had that problem before.
I could ask Tom what happened.
I've never actually seen it.
I brought Tom something to eat.
I've brought you something to eat.
I have something to say to Tom.
I've traveled around Europe.
I didn't ask Tom many questions.
I have some presents for you.
I'm waiting for Tom to come back.
I'm waiting for you to leave.
I've already given Tom my number.
I've always obeyed the rules.
I've never noticed it before.
I've read all kinds of books.
I need to talk to Tom immediately.
I need to talk to Tom right away.
I think you've impressed them.
I've never actually talked to Tom.
I'm not as rich as I once was.
I've never seen Tom wearing a hat.
I'm not the person I once was.
Tom called me just after midnight.
I've prepared a snack for you.
Tom doesn't seem to be here today.
I've waited for this too long.
Tom knows a lot about butterflies.
I always try to obey the rules.
I convinced Tom to go to the party.
I know that means a lot to you.
I didn't see Tom and Mary doing that.
I think that's a stupid theory.
Tom never denied that he killed Mary.
I'd rather not talk about that.
I didn't like Tom very much back then.
I'm looking for that right now.
I've known Tom since three summers ago.
I'm not going to repeat myself.
Tom and Mary have already eaten dinner.
I've never been a good swimmer.
Tom excused himself and left the table.
Tom has tried to commit suicide before.
I don't think this is necessary.
I don't think it's necessary for us to do this.
I don't think it's necessary for us to do that.
I have a meeting this afternoon.
Tom opened the book and started reading it.
I have an appointment on Monday.
Tom and Mary seem like the perfect couple.
I have some information for you.
I think you could be happy here.
Tom came into the room and started yelling.
I thought I recognized your car.
Tom's sister is the prettiest girl in town.
I used to be a basketball coach.
I assume Tom doesn't have very many friends.
I worked hard all day yesterday.
I can't wait to see Tom's Halloween costume.
My legs aren't as long as yours.
I think it'll start to rain soon.
I think the bus will arrive soon.
Tom heard a couple of people talking in the next room.
I've already told Tom about the problems we've been having.
I'd like to speak with you alone.
I'm sure you'll have enough time to do that before Tom gets here.
Sami had a picture of his stalker.
Sami was in Egypt.
Sami ended up moving to Egypt.
Sami didn't know what his stalker looked like.
Sami didn't need to see that picture.
Sami found Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami made a YouTube channel.
Sami's YouTube channel was taken down.
Sami posted a bunch of weird videos on YouTube.
Sami was definitely fucked up in the head.
Sami sent Layla's treatening video to the cops.
Sami agreed to prosecute his stalker.
Sami was taken to Egypt.
Sami said yes to that, too.
Sami's YouTube videos were taken down.
Sami doesn't really agree with that.
Sami could do this to anyone else.
Sami studied psychiatry.
Sami read psychiatry books.
Sami is not kidding.
Sami was too scared to tell that story.
Sami killed cats.
Sami had sex with dogs.
Sami tortured cats.
Sami killed Layla's pets.
Sami needed help.
Sami needs to be in a mental institution.
Sami playled Layla Farid's voice mail.
Sami opened the box.
Sami doesn't have time right now.
Sami was about sixteen years old.
Sami apologized about that.
Sami needed to film that.
Sami shouldn't have anything to worry about.
Sami was working there.
Sami didn't like it.
Sami didn't like that house.
Sami didn't like that apartment.
Sami didn't like that job.
Sami talked to Layla a couple of times.
Sami hated doing that.
Sami wasn't really paying attention.
Sami ended up texting Layla.
Sami and Layla went out a couple of times.
Sami volunteered to do that.
Sami didn't have a car yet at that time.
Sami doesn't have time to waste.
Sami worked in a fast-food restaurant.
Sami was giggling.
Sami went to a concert.
Sami loves concerts.
Sami was there all day.
Sami pays for everything.
Sami was naive.
Sami bought Layla a Celine Dion t-shirt.
Sami bought Layla an expensive t-shirt.
Sami had super long hair.
Sami braided his hair.
Sami wore motorcycle boots.
Sami is completely different.
Sami realized Layla was only sixteen.
Sami didn't want to ask his mom for money.
Sami was asking Layla for money.
Sami got a job.
Sami can quit.
Sami stayed home.
Sami wanted to buy a car.
Sami's girlfriend wasn't really into makeup.
Sami liked shoes.
Sami had a black backpack.
Sami wasn't eighteen yet.
Sami didn't have enough credits to graduate.
Sami and Layla went to different schools.
Sami and Layla were having a good time after the concert.
Sami's birthday was in June.
Sami was freshly sixteen.
Sami wasn't thinking that then.
Sami is chatting with his friends.
Sami doesn't want to be that rude.
Sami is going to be talking about the solar system.
Sami worked there for about six years.
Sami found Layla's address.
Sami dropped out of university.
Sami went home to Egypt.
Sami filmed the front of Layla's house.
Sami was so careful.
Sami is in Egypt.
Sami's parents were in Egypt.
Sami came back to Egypt.
Sami checked the mailbox.
Sami wasn't expecting a letter from anyone at all.
Sami got a letter from Layla.
Sami sent a letter to Layla.
Sami had no idea how Layla know his address and full name.
Sami opened Layla's letter.
Sami's letter was handwritten.
Sami wrote a six-page long love letter to Layla.
Sami's videos made Layla so happy.
Sami addressed the letter to Layla's name and address.
Sami really likes Layla's videos.
Sami found Layla's phone number.
Sami is gonna do this again.
Sami didn't want to talk about it on Twitter.
Sami didn't want to talk about it at all.
Sami didn't want to talk about it online.
Sami was an online stalker.
Sami was applying for that university.
Sami had personal information of mine.
Sami said a lot of things.
Sami hacked into Layla's Facebook.
Sami changed his Facebook password.
Sami didn't even know his stalker's gender.
Sami didn't know who sent Layla that letter.
Sami's letter came from Egypt.
Sami sent Layla love letters.
Sami went to Egypt to look for Layla.
Sami never said this to anyone.
Sami was a friend of mine.
Sami didn't open Layla's letter.
Sami knew there was something in there.
Sami read the letter.
Sami sent Layla many letters.
Sami was sexting Layla.
Sami doesn't know you.
Sami didn't know that.
Sami took a picture of his dick.
Sami sent Layla a picture of his dick.
Sami showed Layla a picture of his penis.
Sami knows Layla's address.
Sami showed up at my house.
Sami went to the police station.
Sami found Layla's e-mail address.
Sami went on Twitter.
Sami sent Layla another letter.
Sami sent you a letter.
Sami didn't like Layla's picture.
Sami sent Layla a picture of his penis.
Sami has no idea how Layla knew his name.
Sami has no idea how Layla found his address.
Sami gave Layla his Twitter handle.
Sami apologized.
Sami let Layla know who he was.
Sami accepted Layla's apology.
Sami knew these things.
Sami never replied.
Sami hates it.
Sami doesn't live at that address anymore.
Sami's stalker got his address.
Sami should be careful of what he posts on Internet.
Sami urged Layla to do the same.
Sami's stalker was arrested in 2006.
Sami was sent back to prison.
Sami was carrying on his life.
Sami got a call from his dad.
Sami is living in Egypt.
Sami didn't want to testify.
Sami felt safe.
Sami didn't want to relive all the stuff that had happened.
Sami felt a little bit better about that.
Sami doesn't have to do this alone.
Sami talked to Layla as well.
Sami really should testify.
Sami was so far away.
Sami asked Layla some questions.
Sami asked Layla to tell him the story again in her words.
Sami is probably never going to forget.
Sami remembers this in vivid detail.
Sami was getting so much anxiety.
Sami spoke against Layla.
Sami called the prosecutor.
Sami doesn't want to testify.
Sami gave permission to cops to search his house.
Sami stalked Layla for six months.
Sami has completely refused to testify.
Sami is my mom's boyfriend.
Sami's testimony was extremely important.
Sami and my mom have broken up.
Sami and Layla have dated for years and years.
Sami doesn't want to deal with this anymore.
Sami did a sworn deposition.
Sami testified.
Sami backed out.
Sami had to talk to Layla.
Sami decided to testify.
Sami testified against his stalker.
Sami walked right by Layla.
Sami waited to be called.
Sami's name was called to testified.
Sami testified in court.
Sami put his hand on the Bible and swore to tell the truth.
Sami couldn't testify to anything that he didn't personally hear or see.
Sami was trying not to make eye contact with Layla.
Sami was really proud of himself.
Sami felt Layla's eyes staring at him.
Sami felt nervous.
Sami's passport has expired.
Sami pointed to Layla.
Sami pointed at Layla.
Sami looked Layla straight in her eyes.
Sami felt like he couldn't breathe.
Sami started to have a panic attack.
Sami just froze.
Sami is shaking.
Sami wanted it to be done.
Sami asked God for His strength.
Sami was cross-examined.
Aart was a racist.
Sami was Latino.
Sami didn't threaten Layla personally.
Sami called Layla sexy.
Sami was Arab.
Sami lives in a predominantly white neighborhood.
Sami is 100% Arab.
Sami is Arab himself.
Sami felt vindicated.
Sami kept looking at me.
Sami could still feel Layla looking at him.
Sami wasn't scaring me.
Sami was screaming.
Sami is so scared.
Sami walked out.
Sami wants to move on with his life.
Sami doesn't want to hear anything about that.
Sami wanted to move on.
Sami was found guilty of felony stalking.
Sami violated his parole.
Sami was in violation of his parole.
Sami was sentenced to sixteen years.
Sami is a third level sex offender.
Sami intended to rape Layla.
Sami is happy that he has that house.
Sami can't do this to someone else.
Sami should die in jail.
Sami needs to listen to that.
Sami was murdered by Layla.
Sami didn't want to relive all that stuff.
Sami wanted to testify.
Sami is not a victim. He's a survivor.
Sami is done with this.
Sami will testify against his stalker.
Tom is a Tai Chi practitioner.
Tom is doing yoga in the park.
Mary is doing yoga in the park.
Tom unrolled his yoga mat.
Tom is practicing Tai Chi in the park.
I thought that only happened in fairytales.
I thought that only happened to other people.
Even though they look like twins, Carlos and Juan are only brothers.
"But why the thankless story should ye hear? / Why stay your hand? If Grecians in your sight / are all alike, ye know enough; take here / your vengeance. Dearly will my death delight / Ulysses, well the deed will Atreus' sons requite."
"Then, all unknowing of Pelasgian art / and crimes so huge, the story we demand."
I am afraid of people and myself too.
"And falteringly the traitor plays his part. / 'Oft, wearied by the war, the Danaans planned / to leave – and oh! had they but left – the land.'"
I cannot sleep.
It isn't lethal.
You will not die from that.
'As oft, to daunt them, in the act to fly, / storms lashed the deep, and Southern gales withstand.'
'And louder still, when towered the horse on high / with maple timbers, pealed the thunder through the sky.'
We were happy then.
I was bitten by ant.
An ant bit me.
Have you already purchased the tickets for the theater?
This afternoon, I'll rest.
When are you going to marry me?
Easter is the most important Christian holiday.
Tom helped the old lady cross the street.
Tom helped the old lady carry her groceries to her car.
Tom helped Mary carry her groceries up the steps to her apartment.
Are you really interested in my honest opinion?
Tom stopped working out at the gym.
Do you like to sleep in late?
Did you understand the end?
My grandfather is fully content when he is sitting on the garden bench with a cigar.
I'm happy when I'm home again.
"In doubt, we bade Eurypylus explore / Apollo's oracle, and back he brought / the dismal news: With blood, a maiden's gore, / ye stilled the winds, when Trojan shores ye sought. / With blood again must your return be bought; / an Argive victim doth the God demand."
My button is bigger than yours.
"Full fast the rumour 'mong the people wrought; / cold horror chills us, and aghast we stand; / whom doth Apollo claim, whose death the Fates demand?"
"Then straight Ulysses, 'mid tumultuous cries, / drags Calchas forth, and bids the seer unfold / the dark and doubtful meaning of the skies. / Many e'en then the schemer's crime foretold, / and, silent, saw my destiny unrolled."
Tom hasn't said a word.
"Ten days the seer, as shrinking to reply / or name a victim, did the doom withhold."
"Then, forced by false Ulysses' clamorous cry, / spake the concerted word, and sentenced me to die."
Be a little patient, please.
Mary is the best student in school.
The Armenian Genocide is a historical fact.
The mother puts the sugar bowl on the table.
When will you visit us?
The two negatives cancel each other out.
I’m warning you!
Prove it.
I didn't know Tom was looking for Mary.
I didn't know that Tom was looking for Mary.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
I doubt Tom is hungry.
I doubt Tom will be absent.
I doubt that Tom will be absent.
I doubt Tom will be afraid.
I doubt that Tom will be afraid.
I doubt Tom will consent to do that.
I doubt that Tom will consent to do that.
I doubt Tom will like it.
I doubt that Tom will like it.
I gave Tom my old bike.
I gave my old bike to Tom.
I had no idea that you knew Tom.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were lying to us.
I have to buy Tom a gift.
I have to buy a gift for Tom.
I have to get Tom a present.
I have to get a present for Tom.
I haven't yet bought Tom a Christmas present.
I haven't bought Tom a Christmas present yet.
I heard Tom really likes basketball.
I heard that Tom really likes basketball.
I heard you kissed Tom.
I heard Tom has a secret admirer.
I heard that Tom has a secret admirer.
I heard Tom spoke with Mary about that.
I heard that Tom spoke with Mary about that.
I heard Tom has spoken to Mary about that.
I heard that Tom has spoken to Mary about that.
I helped Tom put on his shoes.
I hope that I didn't hurt Tom.
I hope Tom didn't kiss Mary.
I hope that Tom didn't kiss Mary.
I hope Tom and Mary are at school.
I hope that Tom and Mary are at school.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get here early.
I hope that Tom and Mary don't get here early.
I hope that Tom and Mary get here soon.
I hope Tom and Mary keep doing that.
I hope that Tom and Mary keep doing that.
I hope that Tom and Mary stay in school.
I hope Tom and Mary were joking.
I hope that Tom and Mary were joking.
I hope that Tom comes on Monday.
I hope that Tom saw what you did.
I hope Tom saw what Mary did.
I hope that Tom saw what Mary did.
I hope Tom will be happy forever.
I hope that Tom will be happy forever.
I hope that Tom comes to my party.
I just gave thirty dollars to Tom.
I just hope Tom and Mary are fine.
I just hope that Tom and Mary are fine.
I knew Tom would kiss Mary.
I knew that Tom would kiss Mary.
I know that Tom lied to me.
I knew that Tom lied to us.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
I knew Tom wouldn't be able to guess the answer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to guess the answer.
I knew Tom didn't like it.
I knew that Tom didn't like it.
I knew Tom would find it.
I knew that Tom would find it.
I knew Tom would find us.
I knew that Tom would find us.
I knew Tom suspected us.
I knew that Tom suspected us.
I knew Tom would suspect me.
I knew that Tom would suspect me.
I met someone yesterday who knows Tom.
I met somebody yesterday who knows Tom.
I met someone yesterday who knows you.
I met somebody yesterday who knows you.
I still think that Tom is right.
I think that you should help Tom.
I think it was Tom's mistake.
I think three hundred dollars will cover all your expenses.
I think that three hundred dollars will cover all your expenses.
I think that it's time to wake Tom up.
I think this is Tom's house.
I think that this is Tom's house.
I think maybe I can help Tom.
I think that maybe I can help Tom.
I think Tom already knew Mary.
I think that Tom already knew Mary.
I think these are Tom's shoes.
I think that these are Tom's shoes.
I think this is from Tom.
I think that this is from Tom.
I think Tom and Mary are hypocrites.
I think that Tom and Mary are hypocrites.
I think Tom and Mary are still in jail.
I think that Tom and Mary are still in jail.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my wallet.
I think Tom and Mary aren't biased.
I think that Tom and Mary aren't biased.
I think Tom and Mary have finished.
I think that Tom and Mary have finished.
I think that Tom and Mary may be able to do that if you help them.
I think Tom and Mary were here.
I think that Tom and Mary were here.
I think Tom and Mary will do that today.
I think that Tom and Mary will do that today.
I think Tom and Mary won't be here today.
I think that Tom and Mary won't be here today.
I think Tom might be angry with me.
I think that Tom might be angry with me.
I think Tom could be happy here.
I think that Tom could be happy here.
I think Tom impressed them.
I think that Tom impressed them.
I think Tom is a good boy.
I think that Tom is a good boy.
I think Tom should help me.
I think that Tom should help me.
I think Tom should talk to me.
I think that Tom should talk to me.
I think Tom should wait for me.
I think that Tom should wait for me.
I think Tom was here.
I think that Tom was here.
I think Tom will be fired.
I think that Tom will be fired.
I think Tom will call Mary.
I think that Tom will call Mary.
I think Tom will lose.
I think that Tom will lose.
I think Tom will have to help me.
I think that Tom will have to help me.
I think Tom will have to help Mary.
I think that Tom will have to help Mary.
I think Tom is getting better.
I think that Tom is getting better.
I think we should let Tom rest a bit.
I think that we should let Tom rest a bit.
I think we'll go with Tom.
I think that we'll go with Tom.
I think you know Tom already.
I think that you know Tom already.
I thought that you lived with Tom.
I thought that you recognized Tom.
I thought you were angry with Tom.
I thought that you were angry with Tom.
I thought that you were going out with Tom.
I thought that you were with Tom.
I thought Tom and Mary still didn't have driver's licenses.
I thought that Tom and Mary still didn't have driver's licenses.
I thought Tom and Mary were kind.
I thought Tom couldn't play the banjo.
I thought that Tom couldn't play the banjo.
I thought Tom didn't like it.
I thought that Tom didn't like it.
I thought Tom didn't work today.
I thought that Tom didn't work today.
I thought Tom had already bought the tickets.
I thought that Tom had already bought the tickets.
I thought Tom lived with you.
I thought that Tom lived with you.
I thought that Tom loved Mary.
I thought Tom wanted the job.
I thought that Tom wanted the job.
I thought that Tom had already left.
I thought Tom was angry with me.
I thought that Tom was angry with me.
I thought that Tom was your friend.
I thought Tom was single.
I thought Tom would come.
I told Tom and Mary that I hated them.
I told Tom and Mary that I loved them.
I told Tom I already knew what to do.
I told Tom that I already knew what to do.
I told Tom that I'd changed my mind.
I told Tom I'd been fired.
I told Tom that I'd been fired.
I told Tom I wasn't busy.
I told Tom that I had plans.
I told Tom it was a risk.
I told Tom that it was a risk.
I told Tom not to scream.
I told Tom not to talk to Mary.
I told Tom not to touch me.
I told Tom Mary already knew that.
I told Tom that Mary already knew that.
I told Tom that it was dangerous.
I told Tom that the bank was closed.
I told Tom that we'd help Mary.
I told you that Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
I want Tom to say he was wrong.
I want Tom to admit he was wrong.
I want Tom to admit that he was wrong.
I'll study French this afternoon.
I saw Tom wink.
I'm sure you'll have enough time.
I prayed for Tom.
I'm not all that hungry right now.
I was beaten by Tom.
I'm very sorry that I lied to you.
I saw Tom wink at you.
I've tried to do that three times.
I talk with Tom a lot.
I'm going to be home for Christmas.
I dreamed I kissed Tom.
I'm here until the end of the week.
I often fight with Tom.
I'm ready to admit it was my fault.
I saw Tom wink at Mary.
I've never actually seen a giraffe.
I should take Tom home.
I need to remember to buy some milk.
I told Tom what I like.
I'll try to do something about that.
I have to take Tom home.
I don't think I'll be able to fix it.
I met Tom for breakfast.
I wasn't prepared for that to happen.
I should've let Tom win.
I'm getting used to the weather here.
I think I convinced Tom.
I'm sure everything will be fine now.
I told Tom to come soon.
I think it's not necessary to do that.
I wanted to be with Tom.
I think that perhaps I could help you.
I was asked to help Tom.
I thought you couldn't play the banjo.
Let's wait for Tom here.
I want to learn how to play the flute.
I have to cut Tom's hair.
I've already read both of these books.
I liked talking with Tom.
I've put your birthday on my calendar.
I liked working with Tom.
I have already done this several times.
I met Tom in the library.
I don't think we really need to do this.
I saw Tom playing tennis.
I'm afraid I can't allow you to do that.
I should go and warn Tom.
I'd suggest that you don't do that again.
I waited for Tom outside.
I'll never give you permission to do that.
I didn't want to call Tom.
I don't think it's likely to rain tomorrow.
I thought you'd already bought the tickets.
I'm one of the laziest people in the world.
I looked at Tom carefully.
I was wondering where we should go tomorrow.
I rarely do that with Tom.
I'll give this apple to anyone who wants it.
I saw Tom leave his house.
I'll lend you the tools you need to do that.
I saw Tom staring at Mary.
I'll lend you the tools that you need to do that.
I wish I could speak French more fluently.
What are your plans for next weekend?
Have you made plans for next weekend?
I'm going to work for my father after I graduate from college.
The meeting is about to start.
I haven't yet made plans for next weekend.
Tom regretted lying to Mary.
No, we don't live on Albert street anymore.
Imagine that you are veritably a bad poet.
The train is already there.
I was told that Tom wanted to see me.
I was told Tom will be fired.
I was told that Tom will be fired.
I wrote Tom a long letter.
I'll go tell Tom that we're ready.
I'll tell Tom that you said that.
I'm getting used to eating this kind of food.
I took something from Tom.
I've never actually seen one of these before.
I heard Tom enter the room.
I've been to Boston several times on business.
I met a girl who knows Tom.
You should put things back where you found them.
I saw Tom hiding something.
I have three hours to finish writing this report.
I spoke with Tom yesterday.
I thought the prices in that store were too high.
I switched places with Tom.
I'm going to eat at a Chinese restaurant tonight.
I've heard a lot about Tom.
I'm walking because my bicycle has a flat tire.
I don't remember seeing Tom.
I'm having a party tonight, and you're all invited.
I don't spend time with Tom.
I thought you were going to the library this afternoon.
I don't want Tom's sympathy.
I've never been to Boston, but I plan to go there this summer.
She substituted butter with margarine.
We want to see the Neuschwanstein Castle.
Don't regret spending the money.
I thought that you were a baron.
I'm angry because I'm hungry.
The good old times never existed. It was a horror.
He makes a wooden piece of furniture.
The neighbor's car is in front of our door.
His eyes settled on her.
She ate tomatoes.
You can tell Tom I said that.
You can tell Tom that I said that.
I'll contact Tom.
You'd better find it soon.
I won't marry Tom.
You'll need help doing that.
I won't give it to Tom.
You've always been a good cook.
I'll be back for Tom.
I won't need your help tomorrow.
I was pretty hard on Tom.
Please put everything in this bag.
I was sitting behind Tom.
You shouldn't be dressed that way.
I won't let Tom go alone.
I'm not going to bed early tonight.
I'll bring Tom some food.
I've never been to that restaurant.
I'll stay at Tom's house.
You're a very good football player.
I'd better go and see Tom.
Please don't wake me up before 2:30.
I'll be visiting Tom soon.
You're obviously too young to drink.
I wasn't going to hurt Tom.
You aren't the only one who's hungry.
You should go and help Tom.
You'll be thirty years old next year.
I exchanged places with Tom.
You're no longer welcome in my house.
You're the only person I can count on.
We keep a record of everything you buy.
I met a woman who knows Tom.
I want to learn how to play the xylophone.
I've been here waiting for you all morning.
I swear I've never hurt Tom.
You aren't the easiest person to live with.
I talked to Tom and he's OK.
You shouldn't talk to your parents like that.
I tried to get Tom to drive.
You're better at remembering things than I am.
I want to grow old with Tom.
You're the one who took these pictures, aren't you?
I wonder why Tom is lying.
They won't let you into that restaurant if you're not wearing a tie.
I won't try to convince Tom.
Can I play the harp?
You're wasting ammunition.
He devoured me with his eyes.
Is Arnold Schwarzenegger still able to speak German?
Should Esperanto become an official language of the European Union?
Can we take photos in this building?
A realistic man is one who stays at a distance from his ideas.
Things didn't turn out the way Tom expected.
The company assures service without interruption at noon.
She is undeniably pretty.
Look where you are going.
Tom can explain all this in detail.
I ate your piece of cake.
These are my last words here.
Where exactly should I be?
Sorry, I so completely neglected your question.
His health is failing.
She wants to go to the United States of America.
The daughter reads easily.
Since the beginning of mankind, nothing has changed and nothing will change.
This disease was introduced by tourists.
I didn't think you were Tom's type.
The right is on my side.
Many of the ancestral rites of this tribe have been lost over time.
It's too quiet in here.
Things didn't turn out like we expected.
Things didn't turn out the way we expected.
Because of the bad weather, the game was cancelled.
This is a good place to raise a family.
Do you know when Mozart died?
The passing of the seasons is very visible in Canada.
We become what we think.
The decision makers are more numerous than the executors.
Do you know how old Mozart was when he died?
It's very limited.
We show you our home.
She must have been there at five precisely.
I hope to go to Paris to study art.
All men are mortal. Socrates is a man. Therefore, Socrates is mortal.
If all the insects were to disappear from the Earth, within fifty years all life on Earth would end. If all human beings disappeared from the Earth, within fifty years all forms of life would flourish.
How could you do this to me after everything we've been through together?
Evidently, there is a problem.
You sing a beautiful song.
We are here with our children.
It's impossible to prove that it's possible.
The red wine pairs well with the meat.
As long as they were still children, they did not have to care for anything.
All aboard, please! The train is leaving right away.
There isn't a direct train. You must change in Paris.
The child can walk alone.
We have lived in the same apartment for ten years.
Think positive, and positive things will happen.
Tom only shook his head.
Is there still a free seat in this compartment, please?
"All praised the sentence, pleased that one alone / should suffer, glad that one poor wretch should bear / the doom that each had dreaded for his own."
"The fatal day was come; the priests prepare / the salted meal, the fillets for may hair."
We forgive infidelities, but we don't forget.
I purchased an electric bicycle.
Tom likes to eat ice cream.
"I fled, 'tis true, and saved my life by flight, / bursting my bonds in frenzy of despair, / and hidden in a marish lay that night, / waiting till they should sail, if sail, perchance, they might."
The baker plays with her son.
I like to be happy.
His favorite song plays on the radio.
We're not sad.
I'm fourteen years old.
"No hope have I my ancient fatherland, / or darling boys, or long-lost sire to see, / whom now perchance, the Danaans will demand, / poor souls! for vengeance, and their death decree, / to purge my crime, in daring to be free."
"O by the gods, who know the just and true, / by faith unstained – if any such there be –, / with mercy deign such miseries to view; / pity a soul that toils with evils all undue."
"So, moved at length to pity by his tears, / we spare him."
"Priam bids the cords unbind, / and thus with friendly words the captive cheers:"
"Whoe'er thou art, henceforward blot from mind / the Greeks, and leave thy miseries behind. / Ours shalt thou be; but mark, and tell me now, / what means this monster, for what use designed? / Some warlike engine? or religious vow? / Who planned the steed, and why? Come, quick, the truth avow."
"Then schooled in cunning and Pelasgian sleights, / his hands unshackled to the stars he spread:"
"Ye powers inviolate, ever-burning lights! / Ye ruthless swords and altars, which I fled, / Ye sacred fillets, that adorned my head!"
"Freed is my oath, and I am free to lay / their secrets bare, and wish the Danaans dead."
If I had known you wouldn't like it, I wouldn't have bought it.
"Thou, Troy, preserved, to Sinon faithful stay, / if true the tale I tell, if large the price I pay."
Mary always travels with her small black suitcase.
You're a good cat.
I can show you the old city.
Why were you not in school?
I live in Paris, France.
"What's Donna's name?" "What? Whoops, it's good that no one heard us."
"All hopes on Pallas, since the war begun, / all trust was stayed."
"But when Ulysses, fain / to weave new crimes, with Tydeus' impious son / dragged the Palladium from her sacred fane, / and, on the citadel the warders slain, / upon the virgin's image dared to lay / red hands of slaughter, and her wreaths profane, / hope ebbed and failed them from that fatal day, / the Danaans' strength grew weak, the goddess turned away. / No dubious signs Tritonia's wrath declared."
It's the first time I won a raffle draw.
We organized a huge party.
Tom is good at imitating the croaking of frogs.
We have an interesting example.
She left sailing across the Pacific Ocean.
I placed a book on the table.
Tom must absolutely repair the roof.
That's wonderful. Is it not?
Are your parents alive?
Today, I'm going to shave.
There you've hit a false address.
Tom's father was a noted mathematician.
I'm tired. I'll sit here for five minutes.
"The main thing will be to keep order and a teacher has to be a little cross to do that. If my pupils won't do as I tell them I shall punish them." "How?" "Give them a good whipping, of course." "Oh, Jane, you wouldn't," cried Anne, shocked. "Jane, you COULDN'T!"
I shall try to win my pupils' affections and then they will WANT to do what I tell them.
The tomato is a food that provides us with a good quantity of vitamin C.
There is some good in every person if you can find it. It is a teacher's duty to find and develop it.
She walked slowly, enjoying the sweetness of wood and field and the starry summer twilight.
Her advice is much like pepper, I think . . . excellent in small quantities but rather scorching in her doses.
She had sat up until nearly twelve the preceding night composing a speech she meant to make to her pupils upon opening the school. She had revised and improved it painstakingly, and then she had learned it off by heart. It was a very good speech and had some very fine ideas in it, especially about mutual help and earnest striving after knowledge. The only trouble was that she could not now remember a word of it.
There was no doubt that the small beauty with the long brown curls and hazel eyes, who was casting coquettish looks at Jack Gills over the edge of her Testament, was Prillie Rogerson, whose father had recently married a second wife and brought Prillie home from her grandmother's in Grafton.
With a quick interchange of smiles Anne and Paul were fast friends forever before a word had passed between them.
The day went by like a dream. Anne could never clearly recall it afterwards. It almost seemed as if it were not she who was teaching but somebody else.
The place isn't free.
Why are you thinking so long?
Hunger does not taste.
Where's my razor?
I'm too sick to work.
The big fish eats the small one.
Good day! Police! Can I see your papers?
We are sitting around the table.
Did you already go to Germany?
Death is simply the end of life.
The big fish ate the small one.
I'd like some salad.
I won't call Tom.
I'd like some yogurt.
I'm hungrier than Tom.
I'd like some bananas.
I'd like some spinach.
I'm coming back for Tom.
That's a bit personal.
I'm afraid Tom will lose.
I'd like some red wine.
I'm much braver than Tom.
It's a bit crowded here.
I'm not leaving Tom alone.
It's a bit early to celebrate.
I'm going back to find Tom.
It's a good thing you're here.
I'm not going out with Tom.
This is a really good hospital.
You said to give it to Tom.
That's a really interesting story.
I wanted to escape with Tom.
Do you want some whip cream on your pie?
I'd definitely vote for Tom.
I'm still thinking about what we should do.
I'll see Tom this afternoon.
The lady is still alone.
Tom said that Mary doesn't have to do that this week.
I want a beautiful dog.
We have to act.
I would like to talk to Miss Mary, please.
Excuse me, you are sitting in my place.
Young surgeon, old doctor, rich pharmacist.
He is a bit of talkative.
Snow is very good for the groundwater levels.
Who's Mary's friend?
He at least apologized.
Have you already forgotten everything?
Grandpa always had a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
I am not amused.
I don't want you to spend money on me.
For two years, I shuttled between Paris and Berlin.
At breakfast, Tom always drinks a cup of hot chocolate.
Mary talks to her psychiatrist.
Sunday, Tom ate a birthday cake.
Where were you yesterday evening?
Leave the credit card at home. We must save!
Since the beginning of humanity, nothing has changed and nothing will change.
The key is in the door.
I'm still a little fatigued.
For a year, Tom shuttled between Paris and Berlin.
I don't work any more than you.
Two dumb guys go bear hunting. They see a sign saying "Bear left", so they go home.
I try not to laugh at my own jokes, but we all know I'm hilarious.
As Tom was out of gas, he arrived too late for the meeting.
The miseries of life teach the art of silence.
Tom was late for the meeting because he ran out of gas.
Tom travels abroad to see the world.
You're Mary's brother?
Too late! Tom has already left.
Even the gods love jokes.
As soap is to the body, so laughter is to the soul.
I'm already here.
An optimist laughs to forget; a pessimist forgets to laugh.
Stay calm!
I stay the night at my friend's place.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Tom watches a film on the second channel of German television.
It's good to have friends and bad to need them.
Why must I ride?
My wife isn't doing very well.
Can we change rooms?
You absolutely must tell me where you live, Tom!
Tom used margarine instead of butter.
No, I never drink coffee with milk.
Please tell me where you live.
Laughter has no foreign accent.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
I'm still a little tired.
Why weren't you in school?
I'm still a little sleepy.
We're here with our children.
Tom has a photographic memory but never developed it.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
I'm convinced that Tom isn't guilty.
I'm not as lucky as Tom.
I'm not as lucky as Tom is.
I'm not as smart as Tom.
I'm not as smart as Tom is.
I'm probably not as busy as Tom.
I'm sorry that I doubted you.
I'm pretty sure Tom did that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom did that.
I'm pretty sure Tom likes his job.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be on time.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be on time.
I'm sorry that Tom isn't here.
I'm sorry I kissed Tom.
I'm sure you'll have fun at Tom's party.
I'm sure that you'll have fun at Tom's party.
I'm sure Tom already knows what to do.
I'm sure that Tom already knows what to do.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate Mary.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't hate Mary.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want it.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't want it.
I'm sure Tom will be on time.
I'm sure that Tom will be on time.
I'm sure Tom will get angry.
I'm sure that Tom will get angry.
I'm sure Tom will agree with me.
I'm sure that Tom will agree with me.
It's a good thing that I came here.
That's a mistake a lot of people make.
That's a mistake that a lot of people make.
It's a pity that you don't know how to dance.
Do you know who gave Mary that necklace?
Do you know who gave that necklace to Mary?
We should wait for Tom here.
Do you still wrestle?
I have to report this to Tom.
Do you still work out?
I have to stay here with Tom.
Do you still want to come?
Do you still want to see me?
I spoke with Tom after class.
Do you still work in Boston?
I talked to Tom this morning.
Didn't you know we were here?
I want to see Tom doing that.
Do you still want to go home?
I was foolish to believe Tom.
Do you still want to go with us?
I'd like to be here with Tom.
Do you know where the others are?
I'll give Tom a call tonight.
Do you still want me to help you?
I'll go and ask Tom about it.
Do you still want to eat with us?
I'll meet Tom in the library.
Do you still want to leave today?
Do you still want us to help you?
I'm no longer married to Tom.
Do you still want to go to Boston?
I've never beaten Tom at chess.
Do you remember where you got that?
You'd better go and help Tom.
Do you know who left that box there?
I don't like talking with Tom.
Do you still want me to go with you?
I just want to make Tom happy.
Do you still want to do that with us?
Do you still work at the post office?
I know how Tom feels about us.
Do you want to know why I left early?
I know what Tom ate for lunch.
Do you remember where you bought that?
I love Tom now more than ever.
Do you still think that's what we want?
I spoke with Tom before class.
Do you still want me to teach you French?
I spoke with Tom this morning.
Do you still want to know how we did that?
Do you still think that's going to be easy?
I talked to Tom and he's fine.
Do you still want to go to the zoo with us?
I think Tom is still sleeping.
Do you want to know why you should do that?
I told Tom what was happening.
Do you still think that's what we want to do?
I understand why Tom is angry.
Do you know what you're going to do next year?
I understand why Tom is upset.
Do you want to know why I'm not going to do that?
I want to be with Tom forever.
Do you still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
I want to go hunting with Tom.
Do you still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
I went there to talk with Tom.
Do you still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
I was just going to scare Tom.
I spoke with Tom just this morning.
Show me your watch.
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
Inside every cynical person is a disappointed idealist.
Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
Always do whatever's next.
Did Atlantis really exist?
"Scarce stood her image in the camp, when bright / with flickering flames her staring eyeballs glared. / Salt sweat ran down her; thrice, a wondrous sight! / with shield and quivering spear she sprang upright."
"Back o'er the deep," cries Calchas; "nevermore / shall Argives hope to quell the Trojan might, / till, homeward borne, new omens ye implore, / and win the blessing back, which o'er the waves ye bore."
"So now to Argos are they gone, to gain / fresh help from heaven, and hither by surprise / shall come once more, remeasuring the main. / Thus Calchas warned them."
"By his words made wise / this steed, for stol'n Palladium, they devise, / to soothe the outrag'd goddess."
"Tall and great, / with huge oak-timbers mounting to the skies, / they build the monster, lest it pass the gate, / and like Palladium stand, the bulwark of the State."
"'Once had your hands,' said Calchas, 'dared profane / Minerva's gift, dire plagues' (which Heaven forestall / or turn on him) 'should Priam's realm sustain; / but if by Trojan aid it scaled your wall, / proud Asia then should Pelops' sons enthrall, / and children rue the folly of the sire.'"
His arts gave credence, and forced tears withal / snared us, whom Diomede, nor Achilles dire, / nor thousand ships subdued, nor ten years' war could tire.
A greater yet and ghastlier sign remained / our heedless hearts to terrify anew.
Laocoon, Neptune's priest, by lot ordained, / a stately bull before the altar slew.
When lo! – the tale I shudder to pursue – / from Tenedos in silence, side by side, / two monstrous serpents, horrible to view, / with coils enormous leaning on the tide, / shoreward, with even stretch, the tranquil sea divide.
Their breasts erect they rear amid the deep, / their blood-red crests above the surface shine, / their hinder parts along the waters sweep, / trailed in huge coils and many a tortuous twine.
Lashed into foam, behind them roars the brine; / now, gliding onward to the beach, ere long / they gain the fields, and rolling bloodshot eyne / that blaze with fire, the monsters move along, / and lick their hissing jaws, and dart a flickering tongue.
Pale at the sight we fly; unswerving, these / glide on and seek Laocoon. First, entwined / in stringent folds, his two young sons they seize, / with cruel fangs their tortured limbs to grind.
Then, as with arms he comes to aid, they bind / in giant grasp the father. Twice, behold, / around his waist the horrid volumes wind, / twice round his neck their scaly backs are rolled, / high over all their heads and glittering crests unfold.
Both hands are labouring the fierce knots to pull; / black gore and slime his sacred wreaths distain. / Loud are his moans.
As when a wounded bull / shakes from his neck the faltering axe and, fain / to fly the cruel altars, roars in pain.
But lo! the serpents to Tritonia's seat / glide from their victim, till the shrine they gain, / and, coiled beside the goddess, at her feet, / behind her sheltering shield with gathered orbs retreat.
Fresh wonder seized us, and we shook with fear. / All say, that justly had Laocoon died, / and paid fit penalty, whose guilty spear / profaned the steed and pierced the sacred side.
you treat people well and take the high road with them, even if they don’t do the same for you.
You treat people well and take the high road with them, even if they don’t do the same for you.
'On with the image to its home', they cried, / 'and pray the Goddess to avert our woe'.
We breach the walls, and ope the town inside. / All set to work, and to the feet below / fix wheels, and hempen ropes around the neck they throw. / Mounting the walls, the monster moves along, / teeming with arms. Boys, maidens joy around / to touch the ropes, and raise the festive song.
Onward it came, smooth-sliding on the ground, / an, beetling, o'er the midmost city frowned.
O native land! O Ilion, now betrayed! / Blest home of deities, in war renowned! / Four times beside the very gate 'twas stayed; / four times within the womb the armour clashed and brayed.
I find the cartographer's job rather easy-going.
When I was a small child, I was often afraid of things.
Our company has just launched a new product on the market.
She doesn't know any of us.
"Meow" means "woof" in cat.
Aren't you going to Mary's party?
But heedless, blind with frenzy, one and all / up to the sacred citadel we strain, / and there the ill-omened prodigy install.
E'en then – alas! to Trojan ears in vain – / Cassandra sang, and told in utterance plain / the coming doom.
We, sunk in careless joy, / poor souls! with festive garlands deck each fane, / and through the town in revelry employ / the day decreed our last, the dying hours of Troy!
Do you really think anyone is listening?
Do you really think anybody is listening?
I'm not afraid of anybody.
Do you really think anyone will vote for you?
Do you really think anybody will vote for you?
Do you plan on doing that with Tom?
Do you plan to do that with Tom?
Do you really believe Tom would do that?
Do you really believe that Tom would do that?
Do you really believe Tom would do something like that?
Do you really believe that Tom would do something like that?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to buy you that?
Do you really think you can convince Tom to buy that for you?
Do you really think Tom is younger than Mary?
Do you really think Tom is younger than Mary is?
Do you speak French better than Tom?
Do you speak French better than Tom does?
Tom is convinced that everyone hates him.
Tom is convinced everybody hates him.
Tom is convinced everyone hates him.
Tom is convinced that everybody hates him.
Tom's parents got divorced when he was thirteen years old.
It's a good thing Tom is here.
It's a good thing that Tom is here.
It's a pity Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It's a pity that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It's a pity Tom isn't here.
It's a pity that Tom isn't here.
It's a pity that Tom isn't able to be with us today.
It's obvious that Tom doesn't want to talk about what happened.
It's possible Tom is lying.
It's possible that Tom is lying.
It's possible Tom was lying.
It's possible that Tom was lying.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be late.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary will be late.
Don't expect anybody to help you.
Everyone asks me that.
Everyone believed what Tom said.
Everybody believed what Tom said.
Everybody ignored us.
Everyone hates it.
Everybody hates it.
Everyone hated it.
Everybody hated it.
Everyone here already knows about it.
Everybody here already knows about it.
Everybody here knows you don't eat pork.
Everyone here knows that you don't eat pork.
Everybody here knows that you don't eat pork.
Everyone ignored it.
Everybody ignored it.
Everyone ignored what Tom was doing.
Everybody ignored what Tom was doing.
Everyone is looking at me.
Everybody is looking at me.
Why's everybody looking at me?
Why's everyone staring at me?
Why's everybody staring at me?
Everyone has been looking for you.
Everyone is ready to go.
Everybody is ready to go.
Everyone knows that I hate Tom.
Everyone knows I hate Tom.
Everybody knows that I hate Tom.
Everyone's doing something different.
Everybody's doing something different.
Do you like jazz?
Did Tom look angry?
It's only 2:30.
Did Tom look upset?
Do you like to swim?
Do you work for Tom?
Bring it in here.
Do you live near Tom?
Do you like tomatoes?
Did Tom look confused?
A typhoon is coming.
It's entirely up to Tom.
Do you really do that?
Do you know why Tom lied?
Drink lots of water.
It's hard to talk to Tom.
Do you swim every day?
Do you see a garden?
The most beautiful days of the year have already passed.
The project promised different advantages.
Three quarters of the country's inhabitants live below the official poverty level.
I have difficulty believing that.
I cover my book with paper.
Where are my trousers?
A gift for you.
He feels bad today.
The name of the protagonist is still unknown.
Friendship is love without wings.
I've found the good wine.
Looking for something?
All birds are bipedal.
At high school, l had the option of choosing Latin as a subject.
I succeeded without you.
Jean and Janine ate tomatoes.
He studied at the school of fine arts.
They showed their photos.
Sirius is a binary star system and is about 8.light-years distant from our sun.
How little do we know that which we are! How less what we may be!
At nightfall, when the last rays of the sun color the prairie sky red, the howls of coyotes resonate through the hills.
The lack of transparency is problematic.
Eugènie has large buttocks.
He planted a tree.
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.
There is no instinct like that of the heart.
A drop of ink may make a million think.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
There is a pleasure in the pathless woods, there is a rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deap sea, and music in its roar; I love not man the less, but Nature more.
It's time to get up, Tom.
It's hard to say no.
Tom never mentioned that.
Do you plan to help us?
It's not big enough.
Do you know what Tom does?
Do you live by yourself?
What time is Tom's curfew?
I suppose I had some meaning when I wrote it; I believe I understood it then.
I deny nothing, but I doubt everything.
But who, alas! can love and then be wise?
To have joy, one must share it.
All that we know is, nothing can be known.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
It's quite hot today.
Do you tell Tom everything?
Do you really need help?
Do you tell Tom what to do?
That's not your knife.
Do you think Tom can do it?
I find that sentence relatively original.
I find this sentence relatively original.
If I could always read, I should never feel the want of company.
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad.
Sami doesn't like that kind of stuff.
Sami was watching anime porn.
Sami likes hentai.
Sami likes anime porn.
Sami changed the subject.
Sami was wearing his sister's hair bow.
Sami likes anime girls.
Sami is so obsessed with Japanese culture.
Sami was obsessed with anime.
Sami felt so uncomfortable.
Writing up history is a method of getting rid of the past.
Sami is trying to kill himself.
Tom has done that only once.
Do you like this job?
It's hard to work with Tom.
All the fruit went bad.
Do you talk to Tom in French?
Do you really want to go?
I wonder why Tom was so late.
Call me if you find it.
That's what I love about Tom.
Do you speak French, too?
Do you know Tom's wife's name?
Don't let it scare you.
Do you often borrow Tom's car?
Do you like cheeseburgers?
I won't tell you where Tom is.
Is that the real reason?
I'd be willing to lie for Tom.
Do you need to leave today?
I'll tell Tom to contact Mary.
It's only the beginning.
It's not too late to call Tom now.
Do you want to leave today?
You should really talk to Tom.
Do I need to do that now?
Did Tom look like he was happy?
Do you wish to do that now?
I didn't want to make Tom wait.
Don't come home too late.
I don't like talking about Tom.
Do you like classical music?
I don't want Tom to be nervous.
At first I didn't like it.
Do you really expect to win?
At least it's not raining.
I told Tom what had to be done.
Do you regret what happened?
Children are afraid of me.
I want to have a party for Tom.
Do you want me to call back?
I want to keep working for Tom.
Come quickly. It's urgent.
I was trying to make Tom laugh.
Do you need to do that again?
I wouldn't do that without Tom.
Doing that'll be very easy.
Did Tom look like he was lonely?
Do you really expect Tom to win?
Sami can't do an Egyptian accent.
Sami has an accent.
Sami was mocking Layla's Egyptian accent.
Sami talks with an accent.
Sami was pretending to have an American accent.
They never seem to get sick.
And now the heaven rolled round. From ocean rushed / the Night, and wrapt in shadow earth and air / and Myrmidonian wiles. In silence hushed, / the Trojans through the city here and there, / outstretched in sleep, their weary limbs repair.
History is not what happened. History is what was written down.
Anthropos. That's a Greek word. It means to become the best human you can be.
And remember this most of all: when it is darkest, that is when you can see the stars most clearly.
Perhaps it is our obligation to be noble before it is our obligation to be happy.
He doesn't go anywhere without his car.
Meanwhile from neighbouring Tenedos once more, / beneath the tranquil moonbeam's friendly care, / with ordered ships, along the deep sea-floor, / back came the Argive host, and sought the well-known shore. / Forth from the royal galley sprang the flame, / when Sinon, screened by partial Fate, withdrew / the bolts and barriers of the pinewood frame, / and from its inmost caverns, bared to view, / the fatal horse disgorged the Danaan crew.
With joy from out the hollow wood they bound; / first, dire Ulysses, with his captains two, / Thessander bold and Sthenelus renowned, / down by a pendent rope come sliding to the ground. / Then Thoas comes; and Acamas, athirst / for blood; and Neoptolemus, the heir / of mighty Peleus; and Machaon first; / and Menelaus; and himself is there, / Epeus, framer of the fatal snare.
Do you think you can drive me to the garage tomorrow?
He suggested that I read his book.
I don't like riding bikes.
Your visit makes me very happy.
I'm yawning from boredom.
Tom always thinks about food.
Would you like a soda?
It's better to laugh than to cry.
Now, stealing forward, on the town they fall, / buried in wine and sleep, the guards o'erbear, / and ope the gates; their comrades at the call / pour in and, joining bands, all muster by the wall.
I don't just like reading, I absolutely love it.
'Twas now the time, when on tired mortals crept / first slumber, sweetest that celestials pour.
The question he raised there is making me hesitate.
Methought I saw poor Hector, as I slept, / all bathed in tears and black with dust and gore, / dragged by the chariot and his swoln feet sore / with piercing thongs.
Ah me! how sad to view, / how changed from him, that Hector, whom of yore / returning with Achilles' spoils we knew, / when on the ships of Greece his Phrygian fires he threw.
I don't know if she will show up with her son.
I'm going to bake a chocolate cake for my wife right now.
We have breakfast at half past six.
There are no leaves left on that tree.
Keeping a diary is an excellent way to keep track of events from your past and to think about your future.
He recovered.
You learned two thousand English words by heart.
He memorized two thousand English words.
When he returned home, he went ravenously straight to the fridge.
You'd better wise up a bit now.
The TV doesn't work anymore.
Our fridge doesn't work anymore.
The Honorable Mrs Maria Oliveira will preside over the opening session.
If you hurt other people, you hurt yourself too.
I'm happy with my girlfriend.
That was not my fault.
Noble be man, helpful and good.
Foul is his beard, his hair is stiff with gore, / and fresh the wounds, those many wounds, remain, / which erst around his native walls he bore.
Then, weeping too, I seem in sorrowing strain / to hail the hero, with a voice of pain.
"O light of Troy, our refuge! why and how / this long delay? Whence comest thou again, / long-looked-for Hector? How with aching brow, / worn out by toil and death, do we behold thee now! / But oh! what dire indignity hath marred / the calmness of thy features? Tell me, why / with ghastly wounds do I behold thee scarred?"
To such vain quest he cared not to reply, / but, heaving from his breast a deep-drawn sigh, / "Fly, Goddess-born! and get thee from the fire! / The foes", he said, "are on the ramparts. Fly! / All Troy is tumbling from her topmost spire. / No more can Priam's land, nor Priam's self require."
"Could Troy be saved by mortal prowess, mine, / yea, mine had saved her."
"To thy guardian care / she doth her Gods and ministries consign. / Take them, thy future destinies to share, / and seek for them another home elsewhere, / that mighty city, which for thee and thine / o'er traversed ocean shall the Fates prepare."
He spake, and quickly snatched from Vesta's shrine / the deathless fire and wreaths and effigy divine.
The good thing about a dead end is that it requires you to turn back.
I didn't know you weren't asleep yet.
Times are changing, and we are changing with them.
The patient's interests must always come first!
The patient's well-being shall be the highest law!
I cut the dead trees down.
Meanwhile a mingled murmur through the street / rolls onward – wails of anguish, shrieks of fear –, / and though my father's mansion stood secrete, / embowered in foliage, nearer and more near / peals the dire clang of arms, and loud and clear, / borne on fierce echoes that in tumult blend, / war-shout and wail come thickening on the ear.
I start from sleep, the parapet ascend, / and from the sloping roof with eager ears attend.
What miserable weather we're having today!
Like as a fire, when Southern gusts are rude, / falls on the standing harvest of the plain, / or torrent, hurtling with a mountain flood, / whelms field and oxens' toil and smiling grain, / and rolls whole forests headlong to the main, / while, weetless of the noise, on neighbouring height, / tranced in mute wonder, stands the listening swain.
Then, then I see that Hector's words were right, / and all the Danaan wiles are naked to the light.
Is your banker honest?
Please use this computer.
Try this cake.
Please read that article.
Is your hobby time-consuming?
Is your tailor poor?
And now, Deiphobus, thy halls of pride, / bowed by the flames, come ruining through the air; / next burn Ucalegon's, and far and wide / the broad Sigean reddens with the glare.
Then come the clamour and the trumpet's blare.
Madly I rush to arms; though vain the fight, / yet burns my soul, in fury and despair, / to rally a handful and to hold the height: / sweet seems a warrior's death and danger a delight.
Is your dentist nearsighted?
Do your glasses help you see better?
Lo, Panthus, flying from the Grecian bands, / Panthus, the son of Othrys, Phoebus' seer, / bearing the sacred vessels in his hands, / and vanquished home-gods, to the door draws near, / his grandchild clinging to his side in fear.
Do your brothers and sisters like to laugh?
Have your knives been sharpened?
"Panthus", I cry, "how fares the fight? what tower / still hold we?"
Do you have a lot of relatives?
Are your friends trustworthy?
Are your slippers worn?
Do you have many different hobbies?
Everyone knows what they're doing.
Everyone knows what Tom is doing.
Everybody knows what Tom is doing.
Everyone likes it here.
Everybody likes it here.
Everyone looked at it carefully.
Everybody looked at it carefully.
Everyone sang.
Everyone seemed very calm.
Everybody seemed very calm.
Everybody spoke at the same time.
Everyone wanted to dance.
Everyone wanted to sing.
Everyone was anxious.
Everybody was anxious.
Everyone was laughing.
Everyone will be home at Christmas.
Everybody will be home at Christmas.
Everyone will be tired.
Everybody will be tired.
Give Tom these cookies.
Give these cookies to Tom.
Give the keys to me.
Here's the map you've been looking for.
Here's the map that you've been looking for.
Here's the map you were looking for.
Here's the map that you were looking for.
That isn't practical.
It isn't too far from here.
It isn't too late to do that.
That isn't what I have to do.
That's not what I plan to do.
That isn't what I plan to do.
That isn't your knife.
That isn't yours.
It may not be a coincidence.
It might not be a coincidence.
I don't think Tom ever did that.
I don't think that Tom ever did that.
I should tell Tom that I'm back.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was here.
I didn't tell Tom that Mary was here.
Do you really think Tom likes Mary?
Do you really think that Tom likes Mary?
She hasn't gotten back to me yet.
That isn't a cat.
Go get Tom.
Are your slippers warm?
Everything worked.
I could go for some light entertainment tonight.
Give Tom some water.
Hey, look what I got.
Tom doesn't seem tired.
It isn't complicated.
Give Tom everything you have.
Give me those cookies.
Go and tell Tom to get ready.
That isn't a fir tree.
Tom doesn't seem very polite.
That isn't big enough.
Tom doesn't seem very strong.
Good luck on your exam.
Tom looks a little depressed.
Have a little patience.
Do you really want Tom to leave?
Give the dog some water.
Do you think Tom will stay long?
That happens a lot here.
I don't think Tom is so strange.
Here's a present for you.
I explained the incident to Tom.
Hurry up and get dressed.
I have to go see what Tom wants.
That happens to me a lot.
I just received a call from Tom.
That happens to us a lot.
He couldn't be charged because he had diplomatic immunity.
Sighing, he replies "'Tis here, / the final end of all the Dardan power, / the last, sad day has come, the inevitable hour. / Troy was, and we were Trojans, now, alas! / no more, for perished is the Dardan fame. / Fierce Jove to Argos biddeth all to pass, / and Danaans rule a city wrapt in flame."
She runs the recreational vehicle sales department.
You should have the recommended daily allowance of vitamins and minerals.
"High in the citadel the monstrous frame / pours forth an armed deluge to the day, / and Sinon, puffed with triumph, spreads the flame. / Part throng the gates, part block each narrow way; / such hosts Mycenae sends, such thousands to the fray."
Call his answering service and leave a message.
This onlooker almost got in the way of the fire truck.
We can use the church as a point of reference.
She uses password protection on the hard drive.
Tomorrow we have to get up early.
In one week, the classes will start over.
"Athwart the streets stands ready the array / of steel, and bare is every blade and bright. / Scarce the first warders of the gates essay / to stand and battle in the blinding night."
So spake the son of Othrys, and forthright, / my spirit stirred with impulse from on high, / I rush to arms amid the flames and fight, / where yells the war-fiend and the warrior's cry, / mixt with the din of strife, mounts upward to the sky.
Here warlike Epytus, renowned in fight, / and valiant Rhipeus gather to our side, / and Hypanis and Dymas, matched in might, join with us, by the glimmering moon descried. / Here Mygdon's son, Coroebus, we espied, / who came to Troy, Cassandra's love to gain, / and now his troop with Priam's hosts allied; / poor youth and heedless! whom in frenzied strain / his promised bride had warned, but warned, alas! in vain.
So when the bold and compact band I see, / "Brave hearts", I cry, "but brave, alas! in vain; / if firm your purpose holds to follow me / who dare the worst, our present plight is plain. / Troy's guardian gods have left her; altar, fane, / all is deserted, every temple bare. / The town ye aid is burning. Forward, then, / to die and mingle in the tumult's blare."
"Sole hope to vanquished men of safety is despair."
That isn't exactly right.
I need to talk to Tom right now.
I saw Tom enter that restaurant.
This didn't cost anything.
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to go to the dance with him?
Don't worry. We'll find it.
I think I can beat Tom's record.
Here's a knife you can use.
Life gets really simple once you cut out all the bullshit they teach you in school.
One of the main things I learn as I age is just how much I don't know.
The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, "Where's the self-help section?" She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Language is to a great extent a tool for concealing the truth.
I wanted Tom to see the sunrise.
Here's a towel you can use.
Do you like the same kind of music that Tom does?
I don't like our new coach.
I'd be happy to do that for Tom.
Here's a towel that you can use.
I prefer to stay in France during the holidays.
Don't drink too much coffee.
I've started going out with Tom.
Everything will be fine now.
It's clear what Tom wants to do.
Here's the key to your room.
Do you still want me to help Tom?
Do you still want us to help Tom?
I don't think Tom knows where Mary parked her car.
Do you want to do that today?
Don't drink too much java.
I'll go see Tom.
I'll go to Tom's place tomorrow.
I don't want Tom to wake Mary up.
Harvard is a good university.
I had to wait for Tom to wake up.
It was an interesting debate.
It'll probably rain tomorrow.
I know Tom better than Mary does.
Do I need to be here tomorrow?
I lived with Tom for a few years.
This tree is very old.
Listen Tom, it would defeat the purpose of the test if I told you what it was all about.
It's exactly the way I remember it.
Oh, who hath tears to match our grief withal? / What tongue that night of havoc can make known?
An ancient city totters to her fall, / time-honoured empress and of old renown; / and senseless corpses, through the city strown, / choke house and temple.
It seems that everyone's having fun.
It seems that everybody's having fun.
It seems summer's finally here.
It seems that summer is finally here.
It was difficult to do that.
It was difficult to make this decision.
No one survived the accident.
Nobody survived the accident.
Nobody suspected me.
Nobody suspected Tom.
Nobody threatened me.
Nobody warned me.
No one warned us.
Nobody warned us.
Nobody was able to help Tom.
Nobody was here at 2:30.
Nobody was in the room.
Nobody was listening to us.
No one was satisfied.
Nobody was satisfied.
No one will find us here.
Nobody will find us here.
No one will listen to you.
Nobody will listen to you.
Please tell Tom I called.
Please tell Tom that I'm sorry.
Please tell Tom it's important to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Tom that it's important to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Tom that we're here.
Promise me that you'll help Tom.
Promise me that you'll do that.
Promise me that you'll help us.
Promise me that you won't do that again.
Put on your pajamas and go to bed.
Put your pajamas on and go to bed.
Someone ate all the cookies.
Someone could've followed us, I suppose.
Somebody could've followed us, I suppose.
Someone is looking for you.
Someone touched me.
Tell Tom it isn't urgent.
Tell Tom it's not urgent.
Tell Tom it isn't his fault.
Tell Tom we aren't ready.
Tell Tom that we're not ready.
Tell Tom we're not ready.
Tell Tom that we aren't ready.
Tell Tom everything's fine.
Tell Tom that everything's fine.
Tell Tom that I don't want to go.
Tell Tom that I had to leave.
Tell Tom that I need some money.
Tell Tom that I won't be there.
Tell Tom that I'll be back.
Tell Tom that I'll be home soon.
Tell Tom that I'll call back.
Tell Tom I'll be ready by the time he gets here.
Tell Tom that I'll be ready by the time he gets here.
Tell Tom I've a broken leg.
Tell Tom that I've a broken leg.
Tell Tom I'm not ready.
Tell Tom that I'm not ready.
Tell Tom it wasn't my fault.
Tell Tom that it wasn't my fault.
Tell Tom that the problem is solved.
Tell Tom that we don't want to go.
Tell Tom that we'll be ready.
Tell Tom that we're busy.
Tell Tom that we're here.
Tell Tom we're ready to leave.
Tell Tom that we're ready to leave.
Tell Tom we aren't ready yet.
Tell Tom that we aren't ready yet.
Tell Tom that you lied.
Tell Tom that you're sick.
I think you should tell Tom you love him.
I think that you should tell Tom that you love him.
Do you own any other property?
I wanted to have a beer with Tom.
Do you play tennis very often?
I won't need Tom's help tomorrow.
Do you really hate doing that?
I wonder where Tom and Mary went.
Do you think we're all stupid?
I'll call Tom and I'll apologize.
Do you think you'll stay long?
I'll never be able to forget Tom.
I usually don't make mistakes.
Tom is the one I gave the key to.
Brush your teeth and go to bed.
Ask Tom to wait until I get there.
Do you really think we can win?
Did Tom look like he was sleeping?
I didn't know you could cook.
I didn't know you could cook like this.
Spaghetti is one of my specialties.
I didn't know you could cook this well.
Tom has long arms.
It was nothing but coincidence.
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.
The testimony wasn't credible.
My grandfather has a dog.
Have you ever heard of this person.
Last year, I went to Paris for the first time.
He says that he is innocent.
She says that she is innocent.
At first, it was very beautiful, but then it began to rain.
Do you really want another dog?
Do you know what Tom's opinion is?
Everything is coming to an end.
Do you often go drinking with Tom?
Could you tell me when the train leaves for Paris.
Your glasses are on the small table.
The mirror is very dirty.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Where's your passport?
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
You pay for your meal.
Does Tom really think that Mary enjoys doing that?
Firefox is the slowest browser that I have ever used.
Look twice before you leap.
I visit a beautiful city.
We all have different abilities.
We must wash our hands.
I visit Boston once a month.
I visit Boston every summer.
Well, lots of things are natural. Cyanide is natural. Earthquakes are natural. Hell, cancer is natural. Just because it's natural doesn't mean it's good.
One moment, please. Stay in line.
He bought a chicken.
He washed apples.
I detest adolescents.
Hiking is a good exercise.
Excuse us for a moment, please.
Do you think Tom is a good driver?
Guess what I ate for breakfast.
Everyone knew Tom's true feelings.
It cost thirty million dollars.
I don't think Tom will believe it.
We have at least three options.
Never die easy.
Sami's daughter wore the hijab.
Sami still does that.
Sami bought ten of them.
Sami liked all the colors.
Sami wore this jacket for six years.
Sami finds this so annoying.
Sami's daughter is so cute.
Sami's dog is so ugly.
Sami was wearing sandals.
Sami's daughter stopped wearing the hijab.
I know Tom better than I know you.
Do you need to go anywhere else?
Do you want to go anywhere else?
Do you really care what happens?
I saw Tom go into that restaurant.
Do you really have a girlfriend?
I wanted to show Tom my paintings.
Do you really have one of those?
I wonder why Tom always does that.
You don't know Tom as well as I do.
I lost my favourite pen.
Doing that'll be very dangerous.
I'll have to talk to Tom about it.
Nor hath vengeance found / none save the Trojans; there the victors groan, / and valour fires the vanquished. All around / wailings, and wild affright and shapes of death abound.
Mary can defend herself, Tom.
I can defend myself, Tom.
First of the Greeks approaches, with a crowd, / Androgeus; friends he deems us unaware, / and thus, with friendly summons, cries aloud: / "Haste, comrades, forward; from the fleet ye fare / with lagging steps but now, while yonder glare / Troy's towers, and others sack and share the spoils?"
I am translating a number of sentences from English to Interlingua.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec once said: Sometimes you have to be silent to make yourself heard.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec once said: Sometimes one must be silent to make oneself heard.
You and Tom are made to be together.
We were made to be together.
Then straight, for doubtful was our answer there, / he knew him taken in the foemen's toils. / Shuddering, he checks his voice, and back his foot recoils.
My parents wouldn't understand.
This TV has a curved screen.
This phone has a curved screen.
An intense heat wave is forecast.
An intense heat wave is predicted.
An intense heat wave is expected.
The policeman took down the witnesses' names.
As one who, in a tangled brake apart, / on some lithe snake, unheeded in the briar, / hath trodden heavily, and with backward start / flies, trembling at the head uplift in ire / and blue neck, swoln in many a glittering spire. / So slinks Androgeus, shuddering with dismay.
That answer is wrong.
Tom has more money than me.
The orchestra started playing.
The orchestra started to play.
There are many things I want to ask you.
There are many things that I want to ask you.
There isn't enough coffee for everyone.
There isn't enough coffee for everybody.
There isn't enough cake for everyone.
There isn't enough cake for everybody.
I think Tom will tell you the truth.
I think that Tom will tell you the truth.
I think Tom told you the truth.
I think that Tom told you the truth.
Tom told me Mary was dead.
Tom told me that Mary was dead.
Tom told me Mary was busy.
Tom told me that Mary was busy.
This photograph was taken on Monday.
This picture was taken on Monday.
We must protect ourselves.
We have to protect ourselves.
We must tell the truth.
We have to tell the truth.
I weigh a lot more than you.
I weigh a lot more than you do.
Everyone has stopped working.
Everybody has stopped working.
Tom told me that he was going to do that.
Don't expect others to help you.
Every neighborhood is different.
Did you notice that Tom wasn't wearing his wedding ring today?
Everything happened too quickly.
Do you know where Tom used to live?
It doesn't rain here very often.
Do you know why Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary?
Do you think that's what Tom wants?
Do you know where tomorrow's meeting is going to be?
Does everyone need to know this?
Does everybody need to know this?
Everyone needs to know this.
Everybody needs to know this.
I'm not in college anymore.
You've been so nice to me.
I think Tom was sick.
I think Tom was sick all last week.
Can you tell me whose books these are?
I didn't look under the couch.
I couldn't find anything I was looking for.
I couldn't find any shoes that fit me.
Do you know which room the meeting will be in?
In the old days, everything was different.
When do you arrive in Paris?
I don't understand why the vocabulary of adults changes so drastically when they speak to a child.
This is a song.
That is a song.
That's my favorite song.
That's a very famous song.
This is a song I learned when I was a kid.
This is a song I learned when I was a child.
The next song I'm going to sing is one I wrote last summer.
I liked the third song you sang last night.
Let's sing another song.
What was the name of the last song you sang last night?
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up at my party because Mary told me he'd be coming.
We, massed in onset, make the foe retire, / and slay them, wildered, weetless of the way. / Fortune, with favouring smile, assists our first essay.
Very shameful!
They have gone far away.
Flushed with success and eager for the fray, / "Friends," cries Coroebus, "forward; let us go / where Fortune newly smiling, points the way."
I must work tomorrow.
"Take we the Danaans' bucklers; with a foe / who asks, if craft or courage guide the blow? / Themselves shall arm us."
That girl hugged her doll.
The statue's head is missing.
I just want to save Earth.
Politics is the art of preventing people from taking part in affairs which properly concern them.
Politics is the art of preventing people from becoming involved in affairs which concern them.
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.
Then he takes the crest, / the shield and dagger of Androgeus.
So / doth Rhipeus, so brave Dymas and the rest; / all in the new-won spoils their eager limbs invest.
For me, June is the most important month of the year.
For me, December is the most important month of the year.
That's a correct answer.
I'm wearing a new pair of shoes.
Thank you for the detailed reply.
Thus we, elate, but not with Heaven our friend, / march on and mingle with the Greeks in fight, / and many a Danaan to the shades we send. / And many a battle in the blinding night / we join with those that meet us.
This meant a lot to me.
My goodness, what's going on here?
We haven't been together that long.
There are a a few pages missing from the book.
There were a few pages missing from the book.
I've never seen Tom help anybody.
I have something I need to do this afternoon.
I have something that I need to do this afternoon.
At least we know that Tom is alive.
At least we know Tom is still alive.
At least we know that Tom is still alive.
Everyone congratulated Tom.
Everybody congratulated Tom.
Everyone here knows that Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everybody here knows that Tom doesn't eat pork.
Everyone knows that Tom won't win.
Everybody knows that Tom won't win.
Everyone was staring at Tom.
Give Tom the key.
Give the key to Tom.
Give the keys to Tom.
Here's a photograph of Tom.
Here's a photo of Tom.
It won't be as hard to do as you think.
It won't be as difficult to do as you think.
Canasta is my favorite card game.
Poker is my favorite card game.
I want to continue working for Tom.
I want to continue working with Tom.
That made me feel uncomfortable.
That made me feel very uncomfortable.
I have to find out where Tom lives.
That's what's making me nervous.
That's why I was nervous.
I just received a message from Tom.
All living things eventually die.
I want to tell Tom that I love him.
I wanted to tell Tom that I loved him.
Do you need to do that every day?
I went up in the elevator with Tom.
Do you really want us to do that?
I'll be swimming with Tom tomorrow.
Everything happened very quickly.
I'll go and tell Tom the good news.
It's something I'll never forget.
Tom threw something out the window.
Do you often go on business trips?
Did Tom look like he was having fun?
Do you usually study after dinner?
Do you really believe what Tom said?
Do you usually wear a tie to work?
Do you really expect Tom to do that?
Both of us should lose some weight.
Do you really expect me to help Tom?
Do you need to stay in Boston, too?
Do you still want me to go with Tom?
Do you really expect me to do that?
I never had a chance to talk to Tom.
Do you really know what's going on?
I never received an answer from Tom.
Do you really think that'll happen?
I often see Tom and Mary doing that.
I told Tom that Mary went home sick.
Do you think you can still do that?
That's how Tom and I became friends.
Doing that isn't necessary anymore.
Did you really believe what Tom said?
I can do that, but it'll take time.
Do you know why Tom doesn't like you?
Mary is the woman I told you about.
Do you really expect Tom to help you?
That's too expensive for me to buy.
Don't say anything to Tom about this.
Do you live far from where you work?
I feel like I've known Tom for years.
Do you really know what's happening?
Do you really think I'm that stupid?
I gave Tom an opportunity to do that.
Do you really want to be left alone?
I guess Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Do you want to know how we did that?
I have to go and tell Tom what to do.
Doing this is very difficult for me.
I should never have done that to Tom.
I should've never done that to Tom.
Everything is happening too quickly.
I told Tom that that car wasn't mine.
It isn't safe to swim in that river.
I was afraid Tom wouldn't understand.
It's definitely too late to do that.
It's easy to see why people hate Tom.
It's impossible for me to leave now.
Tom left Boston early Monday morning.
Do you really want to be on the team?
Do you know what Tom expects me to do?
Do you think that's all I have to do?
Do you know what Tom expects us to do?
Do you think that's all I need to do?
Do you know what time Tom's curfew is?
Do you think that's going to be easy?
Do you think that's all Tom has to do?
Do you think you'll get into Harvard?
Do you usually write to Tom in French?
Do you want to go to the zoo with us?
I want to learn how to dance like Tom.
That's exactly what I'm planning to do.
It's easy to see why people trust Tom.
All I know is that we love each other.
Tom has an appointment this afternoon.
Do you really think I'm that gullible?
Do you often eat dinner at Tom's house?
Do you really think we're that stupid?
Do you really think Tom is a good cook?
Do you think that's all we have to do?
Do you think Tom will get into Harvard?
Do you think that's all we need to do?
Do you want to know why Tom left early?
Do you really have everything you need?
I saw Tom and Mary go into the library.
Do you think that's all you have to do?
I'm not the one who's been hurting Tom.
Do you think that's all you need to do?
Tom doesn't seem to be very interested.
It's important to drink a lot of water.
Do you know what Tom expects Mary to do?
Do you really think we're that gullible?
Do you seriously think Tom will do that?
Do you think you'll be here a long time?
Do you think that's all Tom needs to do?
Do you think you'll stay in Boston long?
I don't know why Tom is looking for Mary.
Do you think you've been treated fairly?
I'll ask Tom to buy some tickets for us.
Doing that was a good experience for me.
I'll call Tom before I leave for Boston.
All you have to do is fill out this form.
I've asked Tom about that several times.
All you need to do is fill out this form.
Do you really think Tom is that gullible?
Do you really think people still do that?
Do you still think that's what Tom wants?
Do you really walk to work every morning?
Do you think Tom has been treated fairly?
If I don't do that now, I'll never do it.
Do you think that's what Tom wants to do?
That wasn't something I was prepared for.
Do you want to know why I don't like Tom?
Do you really know what's going to happen?
I don't think Tom and Mary are like that.
Do you think you've been treated unfairly?
I don't think Tom should go there by car.
Do you really think that's going to happen?
I don't think Tom will have that problem.
Do you still think that's all I have to do?
I searched under the mat and in the nearby flower pot to find the key.
Don't fish in this river. It's prohibited.
I don't like Maria, and I don't want to like her either.
If you want to marry my daughter, you will have to respect our family traditions.
Tom's father, who is in prison, never writes to him.
The toilet is out of order at the moment.
Please keep the bathroom clean.
Why hasn't anyone said anything?
Tom pretended that he understood, even though he didn't speak a word of Russian.
The children were afraid of water and could not swim.
I'm used to drinking coffee without sugar.
Tom is afraid of doctors.
Tom's suicide doesn't change anything.
Tom believed everything that Mary said.
I live outside of the city.
How do you import settings?
She watched videos on Facebook before turning off the light.
She tattooed a fox behind her ear.
I can't find that setting.
No one managed to keep from laughing.
It's already late. We should sleep.
Don't pat me on the head as if I were a child!
But first, I want to finish my coffee.
Look me in the eyes. Otherwise, it means nothing.
The cat hides its claws.
I hate this world.
Please edit the sentence if it is wrong or awkward.
It looks like someone has ripped a page out of this book.
It looks like somebody has ripped a page out of this book.
We are quite conservative when it comes to food.
I have to go shop for a wedding dress with my mom and my sister tomorrow morning because it's my cousin's wedding soon.
My goodness, how embarrassing.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom were late.
Do you want me to drive you to the airport?
I'd like to play tennis with Tom someday.
It's probably a good idea to do that today.
It's already 2:and Tom isn't here yet.
I'm bored. Let's do something fun.
This is boring. Let's do something fun!
I'm bored now. Let's do something else.
I'm bored. Let's go shopping.
Let's do something fun!
Let's go somewhere!
That is unfair.
I have no room to study in.
I said you are handsome.
Do you really want me to come to your party?
Tom deleted every picture he had of Mary.
Do you still think that's all we have to do?
Tom had a doctor's appointment yesterday.
Tom will eventually need to do that.
Tom probably isn't having much fun.
I asked Tom if he would mind helping us.
Why does no one say it?
Why didn't anyone say that?
I don't really understand this part.
I don't understand this part.
I don't like Tom's ideas very much.
The best way to make your own dreams come true is to wake up.
Tom's dog hates cats.
This regulation applies to the French, but not to the Germans.
I heard that Tom got married.
In France, voting isn't obligatory.
Do you still think that's all we need to do?
You don't like to talk about Tom, do you?
Do you think doing that is going to be easy?
Do you know what Tom does every afternoon?
Do you think you'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you really think Tom enjoys doing that?
In France, voting isn't mandatory.
In Australia, voting is compulsory.
Do you really think we don't have to do that?
Do you think Tom will be here a long time?
He is very cold. His hands are all frozen.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid.
The reutilization of products is very important.
The goldfish swim in his jar.
She is rather nervous.
Tom watched the tadpoles swimming in the jar that he'd put them in.
If you keep fish in a fish bowl, you should change the water at least once a week.
Tom has hated dogs and cats his whole life.
Tom doesn't like Mary's cats.
Why do dogs and cats often fight?
Why don't dogs like cats?
My dog and my cat get along fine.
Tom always keeps his dog chained up.
I love both dogs and cats.
Why are dogs easier to train than cats?
How long did it take you to housebreak your dog?
What kind of dog makes the best guard dog?
Do you really think we don't need to do that?
Do you think Tom will stay in Boston long?
Some in flight / rush diverse to the ships and trusty tide; / some, craven-hearted, in ignoble fright, / make for the horse and, clambering up the side, / deep in the treacherous womb, their well-known refuge, hide.
Ah! vain to boast, if Heaven refuse to aid!
We met our neighbor in the street.
Tom was about to kiss Mary at precise moment where her mother entered the room.
The future is no longer what it used to be.
Dragged by her tresses from Minerva's fane, / Cassandra comes, the Priameian maid, / stretching to heaven her burning eyes in vain, / her eyes, for bonds her tender hands constrain.
That sight Coroebus brooked not. Stung with gall / and mad with rage, nor fearing to be slain, / he plunged amid their columns.
Tomorrow it will have snowed one whole week.
I went up to the eighth floor of that building.
The population of bees is decreasing.
They didn't eat in that restaurant last night.
Love is like the moon; when it does not wax, it wanes.
One and all, / with weapons massed, press on and follow at his call.
What is the most exotic language you speak?
A new idea is like a computer virus: after invading the mind, it's not easy to remove.
True friendships are even rarer than diamonds.
It seemed Tom and Mary were depressed.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were depressed.
It seemed Tom and Mary were disgusted.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were disgusted.
It seemed Tom and Mary were exhausted.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were exhausted.
It seemed Tom and Mary were frustrated.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were frustrated.
It seemed Tom and Mary were furious.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were furious.
It seemed Tom and Mary were impatient.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were impatient.
It seemed Tom and Mary were nervous.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were nervous.
It seemed Tom and Mary were sick.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were sick.
It seems like Tom likes everyone.
It seems like Tom likes everybody.
It seems Tom and Mary are annoyed.
It seems that Tom and Mary are annoyed.
It seems Tom and Mary have been busy.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been busy.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom.
Make sure that nothing happens to Tom.
Make sure that Tom doesn't do that.
No one else would help Tom.
Nobody contradicted Tom.
Nobody knows Tom as well as I know him.
No one knows Tom as well as I do.
No one knows Tom as well as I know him.
Nobody knows Tom as well as I do.
No one has seen Tom for a while.
Nobody has seen Tom for a while.
Nobody has seen Tom for years.
Nobody has seen Tom recently.
Nobody is listening to Tom.
No one knows why Tom left the city.
Nobody knows why Tom left the city.
Nobody noticed Tom.
Nobody pays attention to Tom.
No one saw Tom stealing the book.
Nobody saw Tom stealing the book.
Nobody seems to know Tom.
Nobody threatened Tom.
Nobody voted for Tom.
No one wants to hurt Tom.
Nobody wants to hurt Tom.
Nobody was listening to Tom.
Nobody would hurt Tom.
Nothing Tom said was true.
Nothing that Tom said was true.
Please tell Tom that it's important.
Promise me that you won't hurt Tom.
Sooner or later someone will have to tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
Sooner or later somebody will have to tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
Tell Tom I'm exhausted.
Tell Tom I'm proud of him.
Tell Tom I'll prune the trees.
Tell Tom it was all my fault.
Tell Tom that it was all my fault.
Tell Tom dinner is ready.
Tell Tom that dinner is ready.
Tell Tom that everything is fine.
Tell Tom I feel OK.
Tell Tom that I feel OK.
Tell Tom I'd like to help.
Tell Tom that I'd like to help.
Tell Tom that you don't need it.
I'm sure that's not what Tom meant.
I'm sure that isn't what Tom meant.
That isn't what Tom meant.
The police think Tom poisoned Mary.
The police think that Tom poisoned Mary.
The problem is that everyone is too scared to talk to Tom.
The problem is that everybody is too scared to talk to Tom.
There's no doubt Tom is the one who stole Mary's necklace.
There's no doubt that Tom is the one who stole Mary's necklace.
We believe that Tom and Mary were murdered.
The police believe that Tom and Mary were murdered.
I hope that Tom and Mary do that for us.
I know Tom and Mary are poor.
I know that Tom kissed Mary.
We know that Tom didn't do that.
I'm sorry I lied to Tom.
I'm sorry that I lied to Tom.
We can't pretend that Tom is normal.
I don't think Tom and Mary are so strange.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are so strange.
I told Tom Mary was telling the truth.
I told Tom that Mary was telling the truth.
Tom thought something had happened to Mary.
Tom thought that something had happened to Mary.
Tom didn't allow Mary to kiss him.
The last time I ate at that restaurant, the food wasn't very good.
Do you really think you're the only one here who can speak French?
Tom would probably have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Your phone rang several times while you were in the shower.
Do you really think Tom is the only one here who can speak French?
I really don't want to walk there if I don't have to.
I didn't want to drink any wine, but Tom made me drink a little.
Don't think that I don't appreciate what you've done.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be in Boston next October?
We were just about to leave when it started to rain.
Do you know why Tom didn't eat the sandwich Mary made for him?
It took me a while to find a pair of shoes that fit.
Maybe I should just tell Tom that I want my money back today.
What happened was the opposite of what we expected.
Did you know that Tom was going to be in Boston next October?
We're going to eat at a Chinese restaurant tonight.
Do you think Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Everything in this room is going to be thrown away.
Do you still think Tom would like to go to Boston with us?
Do you think you'll be able to do that by yourself?
I don't think Tom and Mary have finished doing that yet.
We don't have enough money to finish this project.
I wonder if Tom will recognize me after so many years.
This is one of the most dangerous places on Earth.
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to help him?
It'll take at least a year to finish this project.
I'd have given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
It took me a while to find what I was looking for.
Do you really think you can convince Tom to help you?
Do you want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Do you really think Tom can do that without any help?
Do you want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Do you really think Tom can convince Mary to do that?
Do you think you'll be able to attend the meeting?
I have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Do you really think you can take care of yourself?
I don't think Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
Chuck's Diner makes the best hamburgers in Boston.
Do you think Tom would like to go to Boston with us?
The information you are looking for is on page 3.
Do you think Tom would enjoy playing tennis with us?
It'll probably take us an hour or two to do that.
Do you think Tom will be able to do that by himself?
American movies are popular all around the world.
Do you think Tom will be able to attend the meeting?
This is one of the best restaurants in the city.
Do you really think you can convince Tom to do that?
The hungry children ate everything on the table.
Do you know why Tom didn't invite Mary to his party?
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
The shoes you bought for Tom are too small for him.
Everyone is planning to do something different.
It's easy to understand why people don't trust Tom.
Our restaurant won't be open on Christmas Eve.
It's already 2:and Tom and Mary aren't here yet.
I'd rather spend time in a museum than at a bar.
Tom didn't know how to do that until I showed him.
How that could've happened is a mystery to me.
It's easy to understand why people don't like Tom.
Do you think it's going to be easy to do that?
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work on Monday.
We won't be able to keep this secret forever.
Tom doesn't seem to care about what might happen.
Let's go over there and sit down for a while.
This is the book Tom was talking about yesterday.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this river.
Our only alternative is to do what Tom suggested.
Do you still think that's all you need to do?
I don't want Tom thinking he needs to protect me.
Do you still think that's all you have to do?
I don't sit next to Tom in science class anymore.
Both of my brothers are now living in Boston.
Tom started reading when he was three years old.
This paperweight belonged to my grandfather.
Maybe you'd better go and see what Tom is doing.
That restaurant is probably a bit expensive.
I don't know, but I bet either Tom or Mary does.
Many things were happening at the same time.
I don't know anything about Tom's personal life.
You shouldn't be alone at a time like this.
Do you want to know why I wasn't at Tom's party?
We'd better do what they've asked us to do.
Do you still think that I should go talk to Tom?
Do you still think that's all I need to do?
Do you really think Tom enjoys eating with Mary?
That kind of thing doesn't happen anymore.
Do you really think Tom doesn't need to do that?
The view from my hotel room was beautiful.
I'd like to talk to Tom about his brother John.
Could you give me a ride to the bus stop?
I don't want Tom thinking he has to protect me.
We didn't have much snow here last year.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary spent.
There's no need for you to pay anything.
Tom has a doctor's appointment this afternoon.
That part of the city is very dangerous.
Tom did something that he shouldn't have done.
My bedroom is cleaner than my brother's.
Tom and I were still awake when Mary got home.
It looks like you don't know what to do.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to do that for you.
I heard birds singing outside my window.
It'll be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't help us anymore.
I would have given Tom some money if I had had any to give.
I would've given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
Tom is glued to his smartphone.
Tom was glued to his phone.
Mary was glued to her phone.
The only things that worry brings are white hair, prescription drugs and medicine.
Tom scanned the QR code with his phone.
Here first with missiles, from a temple's height / hurled by our comrades, we are crushed and slain, / and piteous is the slaughter, at the sight / of Argive helms for Argive foes mista'en.
Now I'm thinking of you.
We've been waiting for you for an hour.
I heard that Tom and Mary are getting married.
We have more in common than I expected.
I can't remember exactly what Tom was wearing.
Mice don't like cheese.
The police recovered the stolen jewels.
Do you think Tom will be in Boston all summer?
Let's just say that I wasn't surprised.
Do you still think that's all Tom needs to do?
It won't be as easy to do as you think.
Do you know what Tom is going to do next year?
Do you mind if I lay down on the sofa?
I'll never understand why he did it.
I like these croissants.
The wheat will be ripe.
Tom has frostbite.
Tom hated dogs and cats for his entire life.
I don't know exactly where I was born.
Tom's class went on a field trip last Monday.
We need to find a good place to hide.
Tom is dealing with a very difficult problem.
I want you to go have fun.
I want my kids to have fun.
I want my kids to be happy.
The meeting ended thirty minutes ago.
Tom doesn't seem to care about anything else.
Sami and Layla swapped stories about learning to drive.
Sami is a horse lover.
Sami got unhappy for some reason.
Go fuck yourself.
Fucking hell!
Bullying is a serious problem.
How many people have killed themselves because of bullying?
Sami buys and sells horses.
Sami had a very deep voice.
Sami was nice to Layla.
Sami and Layla were together.
Sami is our new farm hand.
Sami is more and more possessive.
Sami is within listening distance.
Our next meeting will be next Monday.
It's easy to understand why people trust Tom.
It would probably be wise to do that.
I'd like to ask Tom to answer some questions.
It would be better not to drink that.
Tom's grandfather showed him how to do that.
It was fun to watch you guys dancing.
Tom still can't pronounce my name correctly.
It shouldn't take me long to do that.
Tom got Mary to do what he wanted her to do.
Sami fell of the horse.
Are you satisfied with the results?
Do you think Tom was satisfied with the results?
Sami never wanted to have kids.
Sami just laughed.
Sami tried to explain that to everyone.
Sami had a big black eye.
Sami fell down.
Sami's horse bit Layla.
Sami's daughter was pregnant.
Sami should get his butt back here and help us finish the job.
Sami is only a short distance away.
Sami was given six units of blood.
Sami was bleeding to death.
Sami's secret is the talk of the town.
I'm going to buy some bread tomorrow.
It's easy to understand why people like Tom.
We'll discuss that problem tomorrow.
It's easy to understand why people hate Tom.
Let's come back here again tomorrow.
It's easy to see why people don't trust Tom.
It'll take too much time to explain.
Do you still think that's all Tom has to do?
It seems almost too good to be true.
Did Tom look like he was having a good time?
I hope they're not talking about me.
Did Tom look like he knew what he was doing?
Your answer is different from mine.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't say anything.
We never go to bed before midnight.
Tom grew up in a middle-class neighborhood.
We didn't have much snow last year.
It's easy to see why people don't like Tom.
Those two guitars are very similar.
I think you should speak directly with Tom.
There were no children in the park.
Do you think Tom has been treated unfairly?
There were candles everywhere.
Do you stay with Tom when you're in Boston?
The police found the stolen jewels.
Do you stay at Tom's when you're in Boston?
Most smokers say they want to quit.
Do you know why Tom wasn't at Mary's party?
It would take some time to do that.
Tom has been working for us for some time.
It would be better to stay at home.
Tom and Mary are having a yard sale today.
Baseball season hasn't started yet.
The police questioned Tom for three hours.
We've already finished doing that.
Thank you for taking Tom fishing with you.
We hope that doesn't happen again.
Do you think that I should go talk to Tom?
We can't keep this secret forever.
Tom has decided to allow Mary to do that.
This museum isn't open on Mondays.
Tom and Mary haven't finished eating yet.
The game was canceled due to rain.
This is the place where Tom and Mary met.
Tell them to introduce themselves.
Perhaps you could talk to Tom about that.
My mother is older than my father.
Tom didn't even offer me a cup a coffee.
Your nickname fits you perfectly.
The only sport Tom is good at is tennis.
Sami's daughter dressed as a guy.
Sami's new girlfriend is a tomboy.
Sami grew up as a transperson.
Sami wanted to be more feminine.
We must consider all the options.
Tom isn't the only one who's exhausted.
We haven't talked about that yet.
Tom and Mary often play cards together.
Tom said that he knew Mary was happy.
Sami and Layla treated Farid like a son.
Sami is not married to Layla.
We have a meeting this afternoon.
Tom and Mary did that, but John didn't.
This is taking way too much time.
That looks like something Tom could do.
Thank you so much for doing this.
Something very strange happened to Tom.
Tell me exactly what's happening.
Perhaps you should tell Tom to do that.
It looks like you've lost weight.
Maybe you'd better go and look for Tom.
I only have one thing left to do.
Tom and Mary want you to talk to John.
I had to learn that the hard way.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to do that.
We don't have classes next week.
It doesn't look like Tom is breathing.
The question is who'll go first.
We'll have dinner when Tom gets home.
The conference starts on Monday.
Tom decided to allow Mary to do that.
That kind of thing won't happen.
The person who's helping Tom is Mary.
Doing that will be a lot of fun.
Tom has decided to let Mary do that.
We really have to talk to them.
Sami was fondling Layla's breasts.
Sami was masturbating.
Sami grew up in a small Florida town called Saint Augustine.
Tom and Mary said they were worried.
This is the principal's office.
Tom and Mary have already done that.
That noise is driving me crazy.
Perhaps you should ask Tom for help.
Now is not the time to do that.
Sami is not short on enemies.
My feelings for Tom haven't changed.
Let's do that Monday afternoon.
Perhaps you should ask Tom to help.
Let me see what you've written.
Maybe you'd better go look for Tom.
Do you need to stay home today?
I've already given Tom your number.
We need to find out the truth.
Tom's trial lasted for three days.
Maybe we should buy a new one.
Tom put his hand on top of Mary's.
I need to get to work on time.
Tom got Mary to do what he wanted.
This is taking a lot of time.
Sami loved computers.
Sami described Farid as a child molester.
Sami still maintains his innonce, as does his family.
Sami insulted Layla's son after he was dead.
Sami had a beautiful wife.
Sami had a beautiful house.
Sami's backyard is a mess.
Sami was at the top of his class.
Sami excelled in everything academic.
Tom and Mary must miss John a lot.
The test was quite difficult.
Tom and Mary aren't wearing socks.
One of my uncles is a doctor.
I'll talk to Tom about that later.
My dog sleeps next to my bed.
Let's ask for something else.
You should thank Tom for helping.
It was quite difficult to do.
Tom and Mary have suffered a lot.
It was a bad idea to do that.
Sometimes I can't understand Tom.
Could you peel these carrots?
If Tom doesn't tell Mary, I will.
You've lost a lot of weight.
I've already explained it to Tom.
We'll be home all day today.
I'm surprised Tom remembers Mary.
We may never see them again.
Tom decided to let Mary do that.
We can no longer be friends.
Tom and Mary really like Boston.
This is the music classroom.
I've never asked Tom about that.
The gate has been left open.
Tom and Mary are very talented.
Quitting smoking isn't easy.
Tom and Mary are still smiling.
My new job starts on Monday.
That wasn't easy for Tom to do.
My new job begins on Monday.
Tell Tom what you have in mind.
Nothing is good enough for Tom.
Let me see what you've made.
I'm surprised Tom remembers us.
It would be rude to do that.
I'm surprised Tom remembers me.
I know it wasn't your fault.
I'll never be as famous as Tom.
Doing that was quite simple.
Finding Tom won't be difficult.
We'll help you look for it.
Tom would've liked this movie.
This job doesn't pay a lot.
Tom is on his way to see Mary.
This is the difficult part.
Tom and I went there together.
Show us where you found it.
Tell Tom I know what's going on.
It'll be cold this evening.
Perhaps you'd better call Tom.
We really need to do that.
Perhaps you could talk to Tom.
We really have to do that.
Maybe Tom should talk to Mary.
We must keep this in mind.
I've never asked Tom about it.
We may be able to do that.
I haven't called Tom back yet.
We hope you don't do that.
We need to talk to Tom again.
We decided not to do that.
Tom no longer has to do that.
This elevator is going up.
Tell me what you said to Tom.
This didn't cost too much.
Sometimes I do that with Tom.
These dishes aren't clean.
Maybe Tom shouldn't eat that.
Thanks for giving me this.
I really have to talk to Tom.
Thank you for your report.
I have some presents for Tom.
Thank you for bringing it.
We're going to surprise Tom.
Tell me what you've heard.
We'll talk to Tom on Monday.
We may need to help them.
We'll do what Tom suggested.
We had fun playing chess.
We'd better go and help Tom.
We discussed our options.
We know that Tom lied to us.
We discussed many things.
Tom and Mary seem exhausted.
We could've taken a taxi.
Tom and Mary don't hate you.
We aren't ready for this.
Tell Tom to be here at 2:30.
This wasn't so expensive.
Perhaps you should tell Tom.
That shop closed in 2013.
Maybe Tom will be back soon.
Tell me where to find it.
I've been in touch with Tom.
Let's go get some coffee.
I need to talk to Tom again.
Be quiet and go to sleep.
Sami is a homosexual.
Sami became a homosexual.
Sami decided to become a homosexual.
Sami is perturbed about that.
Sami is totally helpless.
Sami was falling in love with Layla.
Sami is a master illusionist.
Sami began to monitor Layla's activities.
Sami and Layla sent each other cards for holidays.
Sami checked Layla's e-mails.
Sami and Layla were holding hands.
Sami and Layla were touching each other.
Sami has reached his tipping point.
Sami needed to be free.
Sami didn't care who was watching.
Sami moved out and rented a small house in Cairo.
Sami left the house.
Sami began to suffer from anxiety.
I'm just asking questions.
Tell Tom that I know what's going on.
I have longer legs than Tom.
We'll help you tomorrow.
I got these gloves from Tom.
We have a meeting today.
We'd like to talk with Tom.
We didn't go downstairs.
Tom should've warned Mary.
We aren't all like that.
Tom has been there all day.
We aren't all Canadians.
Tom and Mary seem confused.
This one is the biggest.
The police have caught Tom.
This is the biggest one.
Something is bothering Tom.
That wasn't an accident.
Perhaps you should ask Tom.
Tell them to keep quiet.
Perhaps we should help Tom.
Tell me when it's ready.
Perhaps we should call Tom.
Tell me what you bought.
Maybe Tom should tell Mary.
Save me a piece of cake.
Maybe Tom should go to bed.
Maybe I should help you.
Maybe Tom missed his train.
Let's meet at my office.
Maybe I should go with Tom.
It was quite surprising.
I'll talk to Tom on Monday.
We're lucky to be here.
I never would've hired Tom.
We'll help you find it.
I have some news about Tom.
We went there together.
We'll talk with Tom today.
We still can't do that.
That must be Tom's mother.
We all passed the test.
Thank you for helping Tom.
We all passed the exam.
I think Tom understood me.
This may not be enough.
Don't tell Tom I did that.
This hat belongs to me.
Tom talked about his job.
Tell me why I can't go.
Tom and Mary are orphans.
Show me what you wrote.
Tell me why Tom can't go.
Perhaps we can do that.
I know why Tom came here.
We'll be back at 2:30.
I have a present for Tom.
We won't wait for you.
We'll tell Tom tomorrow.
We aren't blaming you.
We'll talk to Tom today.
This isn't a fir tree.
We'll talk to Tom later.
This dish isn't clean.
We'll help you find Tom.
This TV is very heavy.
We may need to help Tom.
Thank you for helping.
Tom and Mary talk a lot.
Tell me where we went.
This hat belongs to Tom.
My shoulder is OK now.
That kid looks like Tom.
Let's get rid of that.
Tell Tom to write to me.
It wasn't on the list.
Perhaps we can help Tom.
It wasn't an easy job.
We should wait for Tom.
I'd like some pudding.
Tom would've liked you.
Go and buy some bread.
Tom wanted to help you.
Your collar is dirty.
They all believed me.
Tell Tom to keep quiet.
Tell me what you ate.
Ask Tom to wait for me.
Monkeys like bananas.
The police caught Tom.
It only took an hour.
Tell Tom not to worry.
I'd like some pepper.
I have to go warn Tom.
We aren't like them.
We told Tom about it.
This shirt is clean.
This belonged to Tom.
This is really nice.
Tell Tom to hurry up.
This is really easy.
Maybe Tom lied to us.
That isn't my knife.
Don't get mad at Tom.
My knee still hurts.
We've misjudged Tom.
Maybe we'll be back.
We'll talk with Tom.
I'd like some honey.
I know Tom likes it.
Maybe you're wrong.
Tom ate some bread.
Maybe I'll be back.
These are from Tom.
We aren't cowards.
We've adopted Tom.
Nobody noticed us.
Take this to Tom.
It was exhausting.
Let Tom come in.
Have another beer.
We'll help Tom.
We could've died.
Let Tom talk.
We need a taxi.
An intelligent woman is a woman with which one can be as stupid as they want.
Animals, which do not do a single useless thing, don't speak ill of death.
What interests me isn't always what matters ro me.
You must be light like a bird and not like a feather.
The majority ignores that which has no name, and the majority believes in the existence of all that has a name.
Sami became paranoid so much so that he accused Layla of having an affair.
Something that is failed is something that hasn't been won yet.
Do you belong to a political party?
Do you really believe it's necessary to do that?
The bad economic situation forces the people to live more modestly.
Seeing is to forget the name of the things we see.
I like lizards.
When Tom was sixty years old, he became general director.
Sami had a broken arm.
That which resembles nothing does not exist.
Have you already chosen something?
Make up your mind already! Whether you go in or go out, just stop opening this door!
Tell Tom what'll happen to him if he doesn't do it.
There's a reception at Tom's place this Sunday.
They all made fun of me.
So, tell me, what have you learned in Russian this week?
Mary didn't find that joke very funny.
I often say jokingly that atheism is a belief if the absence of sugar in my coffee is a taste.
My professors like me.
Happiness is only a light butterfly.
That was without any doubt my best game of chess.
They had a lot of luggage and wanted a taxi.
Juan doesn't always know who to vote for.
At first, the film was rather good, but the ending was very sad.
How was the film you saw yesterday?
Deep down, you know what you have to do.
If my sentences are long enough, the probability that they already exist becomes very low.
When I got home yesterday, I was very tired.
Didn't you see the fox go by?
My miller sent me several kilos of flour.
When Tom was four, he had measles.
My eyes and head hurt from crying.
You should be satisfied.
I never said anything to my parents.
The vegeterian spider prefers the nectar of plants to an appetizing bug.
I do the dishes with my hands.
I have a spacious shower.
I am waiting in the house.
I hereby declare that the above-furnished information is true.
How about you? When is your birthday?
See you on Wednesday.
I didn't take your watch.
The dress costs fifteen euros.
I applied for the position of branch manager.
Did you apply for a job in this company?
Now too, with shouts of fury and disdain / to see the maiden rescued, here and there / the Danaans gathering round us, charge amain; / fierce-hearted Ajax, the Atridan pair, / and all Thessalia's host our scanty band o'erbear.
We have an abundance of milk.
We have a great deal of cheese.
We have plenty of honey.
The household has an abundance of milk, cheese, and honey.
The earth abounds in fruit.
The city was filled with panic.
I have friends, too.
Has he finally arrived?
The churches were decorated with gold.
The church was decorated with gold.
I used the broiler to make an open-faced sandwich.
I have had a bellyful of Tom's nasty comments.
All employees received a cost-of-living allowance this year.
So, when the tempest bursting wakes the war, / the justling winds in conflict rave and roar, / South, West and East upon his orient car, / the lashed woods howl, and with his trident hoar / Nereus in foam upheaves the watery floor.
I'll eat my way out of this.
Toby and I have date with Stalin tonight.
It shouldn't be an issue.
There shouldn’t be any issues.
Your offer sounds very good.
My husband doesn't like flying.
The accommodation and even the drinks are included in the price.
Where are my hiking boots?
Do you prefer to drink beer or brandy?
I can't find my bicycle.
Where's my tie?
Where are my pants?
Why did you change your hairstyle? It was better before.
Romulus was the first Roman king.
I prefer winter holidays.
With little hesitation, she slowly and softly closed the door of the house.
Last week I read a very interesting book.
I don't find it necessary to talk about it.
It's an extraordinary lesson of life.
The bread you ate was burnt.
The juice you drank was not cold enough.
The rice you ate was not cooked enough.
The toy you bought was broken.
The tree you saw was an oak tree.
The tree you saw was not an oak tree.
The meat you bought was chicken meat.
The figure the child drew on the paper was a five-pointed star.
The car the actor drove was a white car.
The song the actress sang was a song by Mariah Carey.
The frog the princess kissed turned into a prince.
The lake where the monster lives is near here.
The sentence you wrote was grammatically correct.
The bag you gave me is so beautiful.
The gem I bought from the shop is authentic.
The train we rode was a high-speed train.
The word you said was gross.
The pencil you used to write the poem was blunt.
The flower I saw in the park yesterday was a rafflesia.
The house they built had four storeys.
I sometimes feel like I'm speaking to you in Chinese.
The birthday cake I had for my birthday was baked by my friend.
The flute the musician possessed was enchanted.
The bird I saw singing on a tree yesterday came back today.
The bees that chased me chased you, too!
You have gobbled up all the biscuits!
The stars that glitter in my sky also glitter in yours.
The flowers I planted last month are all withered now.
When are you coming to join us?
The seeds I planted last month have sprouted.
Next year the queen will visit China.
The pages I printed were about astrology.
This organic wine doesn't contain sulfites.
The bicycle the man stole was returned to its owner.
The dish you prepared for dinner last night was very salty.
The cellphones the man stole were returned to their owner, too!
The slippers I wanted to buy are now unavailable.
The coins you throw into the fountain make your wishes come true!
You're so gross.
The cake Mom made was so delicious.
Do you want to swing from that chandelier?
Do you want to swing from that tree branch?
Here, for you, my little lady!
The fruits I like to eat are orange and pineapple.
I was in the countryside.
All the cookies I bake contain a little salt.
The dog that's staring at me is so cute.
The angels I pray to every night listen to my prayers.
The houses they built in the middle of the jungle were all made of wood.
The plates you broke were not that expensive.
I don't drink tea nor coffee.
The swimming pool we swam in yesterday had a circular shape.
The curtains my grandmother gave me as a present are so pretty and colorful.
I've read all the books you've read.
I don't read books you don't read.
My family is also your family.
My things are also your things.
The sounds I heard came from outside the house.
The light I saw came from inside that shed.
I don't drink either coffee or tea.
The plates that you broke weren't expensive.
The plates you broke weren't expensive.
Who told you you should do that?
Who told you we wanted to do that?
Who told you that we wanted to do that?
Who told you we should do that?
Who told you that we should do that?
Who told you we needed to do that?
Who told you that we needed to do that?
Who told you we had to do that?
Who told you that we had to do that?
Who told you that Tom wanted to do that?
Who told you Tom should do that?
Who told you that Tom should do that?
Who told you that Tom needed to do that?
Who told you that Tom had to do that?
Who told you I wasn't well?
Who told you I wasn't happy here?
Who told you that I wasn't happy here?
Who told you I wasn't Canadian?
Who told you that I wasn't Canadian?
Who told you that I was going to do that?
Who told you that I was Canadian?
Who told you that I wanted to do that?
Who told you I should do that?
Who told you that I should do that?
Who told you that I needed to do that?
Who told you that I had to do that?
Who switched off the light?
Where's your warehouse?
Where is your warehouse?
Where is the ticket counter?
Where's the party going to be held?
Where is the party going to be held?
Where's the meeting going to be held?
Where is the meeting going to be held?
Tom says he already feels better.
Tom says that he already feels better.
Tom said he didn't want to wait any longer.
Tom said that he didn't want to wait any longer.
Tom said he didn't intend to help Mary.
Tom said that he didn't intend to help Mary.
Tom said he didn't intend to go to Boston.
Tom said that he didn't intend to go to Boston.
Tom is wearing those gloves you gave him for Christmas.
Tom is wearing those gloves that you gave him for Christmas.
Tom doesn't know he's adopted.
Tom doesn't give flowers to Mary anymore.
Tom didn't want to offend anyone.
Tom didn't want to offend anybody.
Tom didn't want to kill anyone.
Tom didn't want to hurt anyone.
Tom didn't want to hurt anybody.
Tom didn't know that you were joking.
Tom didn't know Mary was sick.
Tom didn't know that Mary was sick.
Tom didn't know Mary was lying.
Tom didn't know Mary was in love with John.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in love with John.
Tom didn't know Mary was asleep.
Tom and Mary are lucky that John isn't here.
Tom and I know Mary was crying.
Tom and his wife have no children.
Tom admitted it was his fault.
Tom admitted that it was his fault.
Tom admitted he was the one who stole our jewelry.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole our jewelry.
I had no idea Tom should do that.
I had no idea that Tom should do that.
I had no idea Tom needed to do that.
I had no idea that Tom needed to do that.
I had no idea Tom had to do that.
I had no idea that Tom had to do that.
I had no idea that Tom could do that.
I had no idea I should do that.
I had no idea that I should do that.
I had no idea I needed to do that.
I had no idea that I needed to do that.
I had no idea I had to do that.
I had no idea that I had to do that.
I admit that I was skeptical at first.
Almost everyone in this room is taller than me.
Almost everyone in this room is taller than I am.
Almost everybody in this room is taller than me.
Almost everybody in this room is taller than I am.
Tom and Mary are the only Canadians who work here.
Tom always asks stupid questions.
When I was cleaning the attic, I found some old pictures of my grandparents.
Tom and Mary are allowed to do anything they want.
I've offered to help Tom do that.
Whether we eat outside or not depends on the weather.
I'll get Tom to come and help me.
I should have this finished by the time you get back.
Tom and Mary are always contradicting each other.
Tom didn't want anything to eat.
Whether we go hiking or not depends on the weather.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that this week.
Let's get Tom to do that for us.
I've permitted my children to do that many times.
Tom and Mary bought John a bicycle for Christmas.
Tom and Mary bought John a bike for Christmas.
Why is Tom leaving school?
I was halfway to Boston when my car broke down.
Tom and Mary aren't yet used to doing that.
What Tom did was irresponsible.
Almost all of my classmates can speak French.
Tom and Mary aren't as smart as they seem.
Tom didn't want to return home.
What country do you think that man is from?
Tom doesn't know what Mary intends to do.
Tom and I haven't finished yet.
How soon can you finish writing the report?
Tom and Mary can join us if they want to.
Tom went home three hours ago.
What you just said doesn't make any sense.
Tom does everything he's told.
I wish I knew how to apologize in French.
Tom and Mary became professional golfers.
Tom didn't take off his shoes.
Tom and Mary are lucky to still be alive.
Tom didn't want to play golf.
I'll explain the situation to you later.
Tom doesn't always tell Mary everything.
Tom didn't light the candles.
I should've studied French much harder.
Tom and Mary seem pretty happy together.
Tom married a ballet dancer.
I make a point of doing that every day.
Tom and Mary are younger than they seem.
Tom didn't eat his dessert.
Tom doesn't eat dessert.
I don't know where I'll live next year.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will arrive.
Tom didn't really mean that.
I'll explain the problem to you later.
Tom didn't know where Mary went skiing.
I'll get the truth from Tom.
Almost everyone I know wears contacts.
Tom and Mary bought matching sweaters.
Tom doesn't waste anything.
I'll get in touch with you next week.
Tom discussed his project with Mary.
Tom died on Monday morning.
Almost everyone I know will be there.
Tom and Mary are worried about that.
Tom didn't want breakfast.
I think we're already halfway there.
Tom didn't let Mary enter the room.
Tom has grown a mustache.
Why do you always wear blue shirts?
Tom and Mary seem busy, don't they?
Tom doesn't want us here.
How soon can you be ready to leave?
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of John.
Tom doesn't intend to go.
What countries have you lived in?
Tom and Mary are quite competitive.
Tom quit without notice.
I've obviously not done that yet.
Tom forgot all about Mary's party.
Tom often catches colds.
What countries have you visited?
Tom and Mary are pretty safe here.
Tom hasn't yet resigned.
What countries have you been to?
Tom and Mary are doing that alone.
Tom has bad handwriting.
Why are you shouting like that?
Tom didn't seem as tired as Mary.
What Tom did was crazy.
Mary really looks pretty today.
Tom and Mary became missionaries.
Tom married an actress.
I'd have no trouble doing that.
Tom and Mary are still teenagers.
Tom doesn't like sushi.
Would you like second serving?
Tom didn't seem as nice as Mary.
Tom doesn't eat apples.
Which bus goes to Park Street?
Tom didn't seem as busy as Mary.
Tom caught the chicken.
I'll finish this work somehow.
Tom and Mary are both correct.
Tom and I have to wait.
Why did you behave like that?
Tom and Mary became teachers.
Tom wished me success.
I'll find you a good lawyer.
Tom and Mary aren't sure yet.
Tom looks very lonely.
Why was your train delayed?
Tom and Mary are behind John.
Tom ironed his shirts.
I hope you find it soon.
Tom and Mary became lawyers.
Tom died this morning.
I got this hat for nothing.
Tom forgot Mary's birthday.
Tom crossed the river.
How soon can you do that?
Tom and Mary are desperate.
Tom had already left.
I didn't feel sleepy.
Tom and Mary aren't home.
Tom does know a lot.
Whose mistake is it?
Tom and Mary complained.
Tom has blond hair.
Why did you resign?
Tom didn't love Mary.
Welcome home, Tom.
This hat was free.
You stay in Moscow.
Jean often eats lunch quickly.
Do you often go to Tokyo?
Wealth is not the only joy there is.
Tom is a free man once again.
Say hello to your aunt, please.
I easily catch a large fish.
In front of my house, there is a public garden.
The reasons that he gave are difficult to comprehend.
It is necessary to find a reasonable compromise.
I recommend this dish.
Tom worked three years for me.
We can believe everything.
I quickly ate my lunch and then got back to work.
The shop where I bought the ring is closed today.
The bakery where we bought the bread is right next to the Smiths'.
The salt you put in the soup is white, not pink.
Your way of thinking and mine are completely different.
At this moment, all the fruit trees are blossoming.
I get up every morning to go to work.
The water you drank had no ice.
The water you drank was not cold.
The water you drank was at room temperature.
Which do you prefer, ruby or emerald?
We need action now, not discussion.
The clouds suddenly darkened the angelic landscape.
I have a weak spot for cash.
How many pounds do you weigh?
Today is my neighbor's birthday.
Today is my boyfriend's birthday.
Today is my husband's birthday.
There is a great diversity of different pea soups.
The shoes the boy wore were not white.
It's rather embarrassing.
The socks the girl wore were flowery.
Is coffee more expensive than tea?
Is tea more expensive than milk?
Is juice more expensive than coffee?
Is juice more affordable than coffee?
They're not your ideas anyway.
When you turn left, you'll arrive at the museum.
The tomato isn't a vegetable.
Seth ate chocolate and I, peanut butter.
Millions of people die of hunger each year.
I saw a boy masturbate in public.
Follow your heart should the world try to break you down.
A restaurant is a haven for foodies.
You're not used to singing children's songs.
You're not used to watching horror movies.
You're not used to going out with your friends.
You're not used to eating a heavy breakfast.
You're not used to talking in English.
You're not used to drinking much water.
You're not used to traveling abroad.
You're not used to talking a lot.
You're not used to taking a bath very early.
They're used to washing their clothes in the river.
Nobody knows your secret.
Should I call you a taxi?
He wasn't a good musician.
I work in the hotel industry.
She was looking at a beautiful flower.
If you attempt to use expletives in a language you do not know well, you are likely to sound ridiculous.
I didn't need to hear that.
Those too, whom late we scattered through the town, / tricked in the darkness, reappear once more. / At once the falsehood of our guise is known, / the shields, the lying arms, the speech of different tone.
Yesterday, I met a friend.
Yesterday I met a friend I hadn't seen in ten years.
I wash clothes by hand.
When I return in the evening, I'm always very tired.
When we arrive in Frankfort, we must call our friends.
Do you know if my husband is still in the office?
Go study.
Tom had a stroke of genius.
Tom rescued the puppy.
Tom offered his arm to Mary.
Tom offered his arm to Mary, who took it.
Tom is sensitive to the needs of others.
You should be more sensitive to your partner's emotional needs.
Tom won the lottery twice.
Thank you for your gift!
It's their duty.
I have an urgent message for you.
There's a crazy world.
There was a period of awkward silence.
Tom broke the awkward silence.
Tom was in very bad shape.
Tom flirted inappropriately with customers.
Tom overstayed his visa.
Tom is a straight shooter.
It was a strange experience.
You should be sensitive to your partner's emotional needs.
Words can't do it justice.
The Eiffel Tower is taller than the towers of the Cologne Cathedral.
For the moment, I am very busy.
I slept at ten o'clock in the evening.
A large dog was running in the meadow.
Each society constructs its own worldview.
Your jacket is very beautiful.
Cathy's voice is clearly distinguishable from those of other girls.
He acts for his own interest.
I'm not interested in that kind of thing anymore.
I'm not interested in that sort of thing anymore.
Put your coat on.
You're lucky you didn't get injured.
You're lucky that you didn't get injured.
You're lucky that you didn't get killed.
You're lucky you didn't get fired.
You're lucky that you didn't get fired.
You do realize Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You do realize that Tom doesn't like you, don't you?
You and I both know Tom won't do that.
You and I both know that Tom won't do that.
You and I both know Tom doesn't want to do that.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
You and I both know Tom doesn't like me.
You and I both know that Tom doesn't like me.
You and I both know that's not going to happen.
You and I both know that that's not going to happen.
I never should've said those things.
I should never have said those things.
I never should've said that.
I should never have said that.
I never should've told Tom that.
I should never have told Tom that.
Tom wondered if Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom wondered whether Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom didn't know how to apologize in French, so he didn't say anything.
You still want to go with us, don't you?
When Tom got married, his father gave him a car as a wedding present.
You don't mind walking a little, do you?
Tom started working for us just after he graduated from high school.
They've already forgotten what happened.
When we were younger, Tom and I traveled around the world together.
I thought you said you were from Boston.
Even though Tom is over thirty, he still looks like a teenager.
You were wearing overalls at that time.
Even though Tom is over thirty, he still acts like a teenager.
This is the best gift I've ever gotten.
I was halfway through doing my homework when Tom dropped by.
I'm going to need more money than this.
Tom didn't know that what he said had hurt Mary's feelings.
She copies sentences.
Tomatoes aren't technically vegetables.
He sells antique carpets.
She is in an very enviable position.
Does Tom also live on this street?
Good day! I would like two baguettes and two raisin rolls.
He will eat beans.
Have you worked here for a long time?
The lady is over eighty years old.
You think I'm a bad person, don't you?
I offered to help Tom, but he said he didn't need any help.
Would you be interested in doing that?
If Tom had asked me for it, I would've given it to him.
Let's get in before it snows.
The Germans occupied the north of France.
Tom is passionate about classical music.
How long have you been learning German?
Why don't you just sit down and relax?
Tom always complains about how much money Mary spends.
We can stay for a little while longer.
Tom is smarter than most of the people who work here.
We sing the song of him whose bread we eat.
I sing the song of him whose bread I eat.
I'm twenty-two years old and also I speak six languages fluently.
An octogon has eight angles and eight sides.
Do you want another glass of wine?
Those girls over there are my sisters.
Tom didn't realize that Mary wanted to be left alone.
Those boys over there are my brothers.
Tom didn't sharpen the knives like he said he would.
Health is more important than everything else.
Mary put on too much perfume.
There is always an explanation.
The Eiffel Tower is nailed in the heart of Paris.
Thank you, that'll be all.
This is my first time to visit Boston.
Tom and Mary seem pretty happy together, don't they?
You're not going to give up, are you?
Tom doesn't know what Mary is trying to accomplish.
You were supposed to stay home today.
It wasn't until this morning that Tom told me that.
Tom and Mary go to school together almost every morning.
I used to get up early every morning and go jogging before going to work.
Tom and Mary have dinner together almost every night.
I have to be in Boston next Monday to attend an important meeting.
Tom and Mary didn't do anything we wanted them to do.
We still have three hours before we need to be at the airport.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom would do that.
Why did you hire me if you didn't think I could do that job?
Tom seemed to be having a good time at the party.
If you'd told me you wanted it, I would've given it to you.
Tom used to be a cook and a chauffeur in Boston.
You're going to hurt yourself if you aren't careful.
Tom and Mary have never been to that restaurant.
Two-thirds of the people here tonight are Canadians.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his passport.
The room the kidnappers locked me in had no windows.
Tom doesn't always understand what's happening.
When I was your age, I walked to school every day.
I'll get in touch with Tom as soon as possible.
They took turns drinking from the water fountain.
Tom didn't tell me the reason why he was late.
I suggest that you begin doing that right away.
Tom and Mary have canceled their appointments.
The room that the kidnappers locked me in had no windows.
You'll have to come back to Boston eventually.
Tom and Mary have become professional golfers.
I suggest that you begin doing that right now.
Tom and Mary finished doing that on their own.
O'erwhelmed with odds, we perish; first of all, / struck down by fierce Peneleus by the fane / of warlike Pallas, doth Coroebus fall.
Next, Rhipeus dies, the justest, but in vain, / the noblest soul of all the Trojan train. / Heaven deemed him otherwise.
Then Dymas brave / and Hypanis by comrades' hands are slain. / Nor, Panthus, thee thy piety can save, / nor e'en Apollo's wreath preserve thee from the grave.
Witness, ye ashes of our comrades dear, / ye flames of Troy, that in your hour of woe / nor darts I shunned, nor shock of Danaan spear. / If Fate my life had called me to forego, / this hand had earned it, forfeit to the foe.
That place is said to be haunted.
Thence forced away, brave Iphitus, and I, / and Pelias – Iphitus with age was slow, / and Pelias by Ulysses lamed.
"Don't you remember?" "Only too well."
My friends and I want to work in South Korea.
I'm used to eating sweets.
I'm used to contemplating the sky at night.
I'm used to swimming in the lake.
I'm used to walking to work.
I'm used to eating little.
What sort of person does something like that?
Tom and Mary don't seem so sure of themselves.
You didn't think I knew about that, did you?
Tom doesn't know where he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't yet know where he's going to do that.
Mary is also very jealous.
Tom didn't want to become a lawyer or doctor.
I thought you said you were born in Boston.
Tom and his friends are swimming in the pool.
This isn't the way I'd planned to do this.
Tom doesn't have any reason to be jealous.
You have no reason to be here.
Have you truly reflected on this subject?
Tom and Mary have canceled their appointment.
Thanks to your help I was able to do that.
Who the fuck is this guy?
Just who the hell do you think you are?
Get this kid out of here.
This is no place for kids.
I'm not going to let a snot-nosed brat order me around!
Who does this guy think he is?
Who the hell does this guy think he is?
"I'm the happiest man in the world," Tom said to himself.
There isn't a cat in the cinema.
I gave a new bicycle to my sister.
Eugènie has a big ass.
Tom doesn't know where he'll live next year.
This is the best gift I've ever received.
Tom and I exchange presents every Christmas.
Nothing like that will ever happen again.
French culture continues to enjoy great prestige.
For her, I bought a clock.
Socrates is an ape. Apes eat figs. Socrates doesn't wear pants.
These statistics don't need to be dynamically updated.
Tom orchestrated the whole thing.
When did he return to the US?
He is the one we were looking for.
All the children appreciated the fruits.
You cannot reason with a potato chip.
Potatoes, figs, and coffee are my favorite foods.
My symptoms increase with age.
She prepares the meal while listening to music.
Mary is a very independent girl.
This plant isn't edible.
My cousin lives in the heart of Paris.
Sex is still a taboo.
Tom smashed the window.
When he's sick, the dog sleeps hard against my feet and ankles.
I met Tom while we were both in high school.
Do you really have three younger sisters?
When I grow up, I want to be just like Tom.
