There are so many things I'd like to do.
Tom doesn't know where he's supposed to be.
You aren't supposed to be doing that.
Tom borrowed three books from me last week.
This would be a good time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what to do.
Stop worrying. Everything will be OK.
Tom and Mary do whatever I tell them to do.
I had a lot of difficulty doing that.
Tom doesn't know how to hide his emotions.
You're perfect just the way you are.
Tom didn't tell me who he was waiting for.
You seem like you're in a good mood.
Tom and Mary have finished their homework.
What's the difference between these?
I shouldn't have invited Tom to my party.
We looked at each other and laughed.
Tom stood up and headed toward the door.
Our agenda is to check the milestones and prioritize the action items based on objectives. The priority of the roadmap is critical, so abandon the previous updates and assign work according to the prioritization.
We both know what's going to happen.
Tom and I'll be here for the whole week.
I don't know why we have to do that.
I've spent the last three days with Tom.
Tom is the one we're looking for.
Tom is the one we've been looking for.
When did Tom get back to Boston?
What kind of person does something like that?
My friends and I want to do that.
My friends and I want to throw you a goodbye party.
Tom said he had quit doing that.
Tom said he would quit doing that.
Sami's relationship with Layla became intense so much so that he left Salima.
We fly / where round the palace rings the war-shout's rallying cry. / There raged a fight so fierce, as though no fight / raged elsewhere, nor the city streamed with gore.
I am at your service.
We see the War-God glorying in his might; / up to the roof we see the Danaos pour; / their shielded penthouse drives against the door.
It's as if we had lost our identity.
Close cling their ladders to the walls; these, fain / to clutch the doorposts, climb from floor to floor, / their right hands strive the battlements to gain, / their left with lifted shield the arrowy storm sustain.
I mulled over it for days.
I didn't mull it over for long.
He leaned forward and kissed her.
Mary smiled a little.
Tom sat alone on a log away from the fire.
There, roof and pinnacle the Dardans tear – / death standing near – and hurl them on the foe, / last arms of need, the weapons of despair; / and gilded beams and rafters down they throw, / ancestral ornaments of days ago.
I can't figure out what she wants.
I can't figure out what he wants.
Don't tell anyone. I wasn't supposed to tell you.
Tom was wearing a new pair of jeans.
Tom had never been in a girl's room before.
Avoid taking naps during the day.
You're right. I'm scared.
What kind of sorcery is this?
I can't figure out what Tom wants.
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.
I couldn't figure out what Tom wanted.
What time does Tom want us there?
There's got to be someone else who can do that.
There's got to be somebody else who can do that.
Tom and Mary haven't found what they're looking for yet.
There is no way I'm going to let you do that.
There's no way I'm going to let you do that.
Tom and Mary said they had fun at your party.
Tom and Mary said they knew they should do that alone.
Tom and Mary said that they knew they should do that alone.
Tom and Mary said they needed my help.
Tom and Mary said they probably will do that.
Tom and Mary said that they probably will do that.
Tom and Mary said that they probably wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they saw John waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom and Mary said they were curious.
Tom and Mary said they were terrified.
Tom and Mary said they were very angry.
Tom and Mary said they weren't enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary said they haven't yet been paid.
Tom and Mary said that they haven't yet been paid.
Tom and Mary said that they'd come, but they never showed up.
Tom and Mary said that they'd try.
Tom and Mary said they would write to us.
Tom and Mary said that they would write to us.
Tom and Mary said they were optimistic.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't swim.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't swim.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to fight.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to fight.
Tom and Mary said they had a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun.
I'm sure that Tom knows what to do.
I'm sure Tom will be very happy to see you.
I'm sure that Tom will be very happy to see you.
I'm sure Tom will come tomorrow.
I'm sure that Tom will come tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom would be disappointed to hear that.
I'm sure that Tom would be disappointed to hear that.
I'm sorry I said what I said yesterday.
I'm sorry that I said what I said yesterday.
I'm sorry I said the things I did.
I'm sorry that I said the things I did.
I'm not convinced Tom is guilty.
I'm not convinced that Tom is guilty.
I wish I had somebody to talk to.
I wasn't sure if I should sit in the front or in the back.
I wasn't sure whether I should sit in the front or in the back.
I was pretty sure Tom wouldn't do that.
I was pretty sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
I told Tom we were going to Boston for a few days.
I told Tom that we were going to Boston for a few days.
I think I'm a lucky guy.
I think that I'm a lucky guy.
I think Tom really does hate you.
I think that Tom really does hate you.
Tom ate twice as much as me.
Sooner or later, your luck will run out.
Your luck will run out sooner or later.
Is it OK if I park my scooter here?
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.
I don't feel like walking that far.
Tom and Mary become friends right away.
Do you want me to open the windows?
I'll get Tom to carry your bag for you.
You've already done the hard part.
How soon do you think Tom will be here?
You always ask too many questions.
Why don't you ask Tom how he did that?
Why don't you ask Tom why he did that?
When do you think you can do that?
Where are we supposed to wait for Tom?
Unfortunately, I have other plans.
Tom rents an apartment on Park Street.
I have a very busy schedule today.
I think he is strange.
The bench will ask the defendant some additional questions.
When she smiles, I feel like melting.
Mom, please listen to me.
Their explanation was confusing.
I asked him to take some pictures.
Tom didn't tell the stranger his name.
I don't intend to be here all day.
Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I couldn't decide what to do next.
I asked Tom to take my picture.
I asked Tom to take some pictures.
I asked Tom to email me the pictures he took yesterday.
Tom emailed Mary the pictures he took at her party.
Who else went to Boston with you?
Tom and Mary have become missionaries.
We both know how that turned out.
Tom and I like spending time together.
I'm going to need more than that.
I'll ask Tom to cook something for us.
I was only there for three hours.
I should tell Tom that I'm sorry.
Tom doesn't know much about baseball.
Have you decided what to do next?
Does anyone know how it happened?
Tom didn't tell me where he had gone.
Do you really think I was fooled?
Make it as fast as possible, please!
Tom didn't realize he was being rude.
What in the world are you up to?
Tom met his neighbor in the street.
Tom walked his dog.
Provided that the fire department doesn't come to us!
What do we count on now?
Who's ringing at the door?
Why do the children cry pitifully?
What am I doing with the sauce, which is no longer good?
Where is the chopped meat for the cat?
My neighbors left yesterday.
Tom drank a non-alcoholic beer.
Can you please help me set the table?
You're luckier than me.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done that.
What else would you like to see?
You cannot overtake the truck now.
Do not look at me with such a suspicious eye!
My hamster is too cute.
I'm happy to take part in this project.
This information was deliberately truncated.
Today is a perfect day for a picnic.
Tom hasn't sharpened the knives yet.
Please put this book on my desk.
I don't know what I should do now.
Let me get you something to eat.
Tom doesn't know when to keep quiet.
Do you want me to lock the door?
Tom didn't want to go into the cave.
Why don't you go ahead and eat?
And that's precisely where the whole problem lies.
Long bibliographies don't impress anyone.
You can't outfox him.
I crossed Tom's palm with silver.
Tom started watching his cholesterol.
You are such a self-promoter.
Oh, you!
Sami is not a sharer.
Sami can't leave Layla.
Sami oozed manhood.
Sami was from a Sikh family.
Sami was Muslim.
Sami will never be accepted by Layla's family.
Sami was really in love.
Sami went on a pilgrimage.
Sami went to Saudi Arabia for the traditional Muslim pilgrimage of hajj.
Sami started studying Islam.
Sami doesn't want to convert to Islam.
Sami never intented to convert to Islam.
Sami is attending a wedding.
Sami is in Egypt, attending a wedding.
Sami and Layla think of each other as brothers.
Sami lives just around the corner.
I don't want her to see me.
I don't want him to see me.
I didn't want it to see me.
I don't want it to see me.
That thing doesn't work.
These, stationed at the gates, with naked glaive, / shoulder to shoulder, guard the pass below. / Hearts leap afresh the royal halls to save, / and cheer our vanquished friends and reinspire the brave.
It's a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
I did not stay there.
Behind the palace, unobserved and free, / there stood a door, a secret thoroughfare / through Priam's halls. Here poor Andromache / while Priam's kingdom flourished and was fair, / to greet her husband's parents would repair / alone, or carrying with tendance fain / to Hector's father Hector's son and heir.
Tom agrees with what you say.
Tom understood everything.
All that isn't so serious!
The catacombes of Paris are famous, but a bit gloomy.
I must admit confusedly not to know where to direct my suspicions.
It is what we think we know already that often prevents us from learning.
It's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.
By this I reached the roof-top, whence in vain / the luckless Teucrians hurled their unavailing rain.
The sun is beginning to set.
Mary glanced at her emails.
Tom glanced at his emails.
I still have my doubts about this.
Tom was snoring on the couch.
Tom kept Mary awake all night with his snoring.
Tom was planning a party.
Mary was forced to improvise.
Mary put on her new necklace.
Every house should have at least one carbon monoxide detector.
Tom and I often give each other gifts.
Tom and I often give gifts to each other.
I'm convinced that Tom is innocent.
Tom and Mary had fun at the concert.
We're all going to die someday.
What makes you think Tom hates you?
I didn't sleep well that night.
Tom went deer hunting last weekend.
You ought to know that by now.
Tom doesn't know where he wants to go.
Whose side are you on, anyway?
Tom doesn't have much leisure time.
Where do you buy your dresses?
Tom does things that I wouldn't do.
What did you think I would do?
Tom died in prison three years ago.
This has all been done before.
Tom didn't want to leave his house.
I'll be home in about an hour.
Tom didn't really like the concert.
I'll wait for you at the station.
Tom didn't know what he should say.
Where do you keep your books?
Tom did that without my permission.
They'll pay attention to you.
I'm really not enjoying this.
I have to take Tom to the hospital.
What are your working hours?
Please ask Tom to wait in his office.
We're not like those people.
Tom doesn't know where he's going.
We're both moving to Boston.
Tom didn't say a word all evening.
I'll take you there someday.
Tom did what I expected him to do.
You're not crying, are you?
Tom and Mary have made sandwiches.
You need to take your time.
Tom and Mary have lost their hats.
Thank you for your loyalty.
May I park my scooter here?
Tom and Mary didn't do that alone.
You should sit over there.
Tom and I sometimes work together.
We'll have to be discreet.
Was that Tom you were talking to?
We should stop doing this.
Tom threw out the old newspapers.
This is my favorite shirt.
Tom just needs a little guidance.
That isn't why I did this.
Tom didn't tell me where he went.
You're doing fine so far.
Tom and Mary were waiting for me.
You sound like my father.
We have to get Tom's permission.
You need to take it easy.
Tom is here to see Mary, not me.
Why is this so important?
Tom goes to Boston every summer.
When are you going to go?
Why do you think Tom hates you?
We've both read the note.
Tom seems to have left already.
Give me three more apples.
You're missing the point, Tom.
Why don't you like this?
Tom will pay attention to you.
Who else is on the team?
Tom and Mary have a nice home.
We smiled at each other.
Tom and Mary had dinner alone.
When did you get those?
Tom's parents live in Boston.
When did you get these?
Tom and Mary didn't complain.
I need another blanket.
Where did you wait for Tom?
How long will you wait?
Is Tom a relative of yours?
You need to slow down.
Tom enjoys being outdoors.
Cows spend a lot of time grazing.
"Who's there?" "It's me, Tom."
Tom wants to spend more time in nature.
Spending time outdoors is important to our well-being.
Do you remember the man who offered you the bicycle?
The children were chasing each other and laughing.
What makes her so interesting?
What makes him so interesting?
Yesterday Tom was a little better than usual.
Tom wants to call his uncle, but he can't seem to get a hold of him.
You think in a way that is very meticulous.
Mary recognized her stolen necklace at the bazaar and called the police.
Forgive me, I thought of something else.
I feel that I should be doing something else right now.
Do you remember your first grade teacher’s name?
What was your first pet's name?
This is a complete waste of time.
A doctor was sent immediately.
The prospect is still distant.
I thought the feeling was mutual.
He laughed with a metallic and discordant sound.
I see money, but I don't see gold.
Everything is a question of point of view.
Few people confess their faults.
English is the only language that we can teach in the faculty of sciences.
He studies with great fervor the life sciences.
He reads a lot of science-fiction.
Stanislaw Lem was a Polish author, a philosopher and a futurologist, representing the genre of science-fiction.
In winter, around New Year's Eve, we added two dates or two figs or one orange.
With his half-in-jest half-in-earnest air, we never know if René is speaking seriously or not.
The monkey climbs rapidly in the tree.
The monkey jumps from branch to branch.
A small lump of sugar, please.
I was pretty mad when I realized Tom had stolen my bicycle.
I've only been here for a day and I already want to leave.
Tom might've believed you if you hadn't started laughing.
We stayed up until about 2:studying for today's test.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd wash my car.
I'm not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
Tom and Mary have spent a lot of time together.
I would've done that if I'd known it was necessary.
I've only spoken to Tom once since I got here.
I'd like a chance to explain why I did what I did.
Tom is having trouble making both ends meet.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who has to do that.
I wonder how long Tom has been doing that.
That would be putting the cart before the horse.
Tom and Mary often contradict each other.
Would you like to have dinner with us tonight?
I was kind of hoping Tom would be here.
I'm glad you warned me before it was too late.
Tom could no longer control his anger.
I'd feel the same way if I were in your shoes.
Tom and Mary know they'll be punished.
I'm getting pretty tired of your complaining.
Tom and Mary need to buy some things.
I wish I'd studied French when I was younger.
He speaks French perfectly.
Can you, please, pull up the weeds and water the flowers?
His speciality is sowing the seeds of discord.
There are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the earth.
The felines run in the savannah.
Their love story was like a soap bubble, brilliant and fragile.
His lie burst like a soap bubble.
To believe himself in the port of Naples, all that was needed was to see the glistening of knives.
He experienced the intimate pleasure of a man who, after a long wait, finally sees the first rays of desired happiness.
The streets glitter under the spring sun.
Persistence is the shortest path to success.
The entire family lives there in a messy apartment.
It was the only glimmer of hope.
The moon, veiled by the clouds, illuminated the countryside with a glimmer, equal and vague.
Sami treats Layla like a friend.
Sami kept talking to Layla.
Sami is extremely shy.
Sami stopped pursuing Layla.
Sami isn't really a good texter.
Sami is not into texting.
Sami isn't really a good caller.
Sami texted Layla again.
Sami was totally embarrassed.
Sami talked to Layla openly about other girls that he liked.
Sami is dating someone.
Sami comes first above all else.
Sami never gives Layla his time.
Sami has realized that.
Sami doesn't date anymore.
Sami treats Layla the way she deserves to be treated.
Sami isn't that into Layla.
I am under the charm of her mellifluous voice.
Sami thinks he's entitled to anything in this world.
Certain pieces of music would be more melodious an octave higher.
The song of this bird is very melodious.
He screamed like a jackal.
He died on the battlefield.
Sami was enjoying afternoon tea with his relatives.
Mary doesn't have a pooch; she has a kitten.
Sheer o'er the highest roof-top to the sky, / skirting the parapet, a watch-tower rose, / whence camp and fleet and city met the eye.
The water main froze and burst.
Incidents broke out between the antigovernment protestors and law enforcement.
The waitress bought a new cellphone and she's shown it to all her regular customers.
Here plying levers, where the flooring shows / weak joists, we heave it over.
Down it goes / with sudden crash upon the Danaan train, / dealing wide ruin.
We care about you, Tom.
But anon new foes / come swarming up, while ever and again / fast fall the showers of stones, and thick the javelins rain.
I would like to book a table for Wednesday evening!
I would like to reserve a table for Wednesday evening!
I'm sure she'll be delighted to meet you.
I'm sure he'll be delighted to meet you.
Tom put the steaks on the grill.
Tom has an expensive stereo system.
Mary closed her eyes and listened to the music.
Tom was on cloud nine.
I just don't have the time.
Mary was wearing an apron with the image of a squirrel on it.
Tom was wearing an apron with the image of a pinecone on it.
Go to your room and think about what I said.
I'm really enjoying this.
My house is on the south side of the park.
Tom called me on the evening of the 20th.
Tom called me on the evening of the twentieth.
Tom could see someone standing near the gate.
Tom could see somebody standing near the gate.
I didn't hear anyone.
I didn't hear anybody.
I'd never in a million years actually do that.
I would never in a million years actually do that.
Tom didn't know that the deadline was today.
I didn't know the deadline was today.
Tom had to admit he was wrong.
Tom has already told me he isn't going to do that.
Tom has already told me that he isn't going to do that.
Tom hasn't yet painted the fence.
Tom paid somebody to do that.
Tom is somebody I really admire.
Tom is someone that I really admire.
Tom is somebody that I really admire.
I didn't know you were such a superstitious person.
I didn't know that you were such a superstitious person.
I know I didn't make the right choice.
I know that I didn't make the right choice.
I knew I was going to lose.
I knew that I was going to lose.
Tom and Mary have to buy some things.
If you're ever in our area, please drop in.
I'll get in touch with Tom next week.
I'd like a chance to explain why I did that.
Tom shouted at the top of his voice.
I'm not planning on staying here very long.
Tom can talk to Mary if he wants to.
I wish I didn't have to do this every day.
Tom and Mary knew they had to hurry.
I'm not sure why I'm supposed to do that.
Where's the food?
Tom served the guests finger food.
Birds can see the Earth's magnetic field with their eyes.
Archeologists have discovered a trove of ancient Nubian stone tablets.
Everybody was wearing headphones.
Dinner will be ready in about five minutes.
Paintings adorned the walls of the palace.
Mary was surprised that Tom had remembered what she had said to him.
Tom was surprised that Mary remembered what he'd said to her.
Everyone was wearing headphones.
What Tom suggested was a good idea.
Mary wasn't sure how to reply.
I had a headache, so I went to bed early.
Tom wasn't sure how to reply.
Tom could get hurt if he does that.
I'm not going to do anything about that.
Tom and Mary just bought a new car.
I wasn't sure which one I should choose.
I think you should get to know Tom.
How many hours a week do you play games?
Tom has canceled his appointment.
I wasn't sure how to respond to his compliment.
Mary was in the kitchen helping her mother.
Tom was in the kitchen helping his mother.
Tom blushed a little and changed the subject.
Mary blushed a little and changed the subject.
Tom is a man of few pleasures.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he would never have met Mary.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he never would've met Mary.
They drove in silence.
Tom put his hand over Mary's hand.
Tom and Mary played hide-and-seek.
Tom and Mary played hide-and-go-seek.
Mary wasn't quite sure how to respond to his compliment.
Mary wasn't sure how to respond to his compliment.
Mary, I am in love with you.
Tom, I am in love with you.
I have loved you since I first met you.
I have loved you since the first day I met you.
I have loved you since the first moment I saw you.
You can make the salad.
How long are you planning on being here?
Tom could've done that yesterday.
If I get in your way, just let me know.
Tom can play the piano very well.
I'm not sure I'm ready to tell you yet.
Tom and Mary have to go home now.
How many books did you read last month?
Tom will likely be home all day.
I've been waiting for you to say that.
I have loved you since I first laid eyes on you.
Tom covered the car with a tarp.
I'll get in touch with you on Monday.
Tom began to laugh hysterically.
I thought you were going to do that.
Tom and Mary hope they can win.
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that.
Tom isn't much of a violinist.
I'm going to turn in early tonight.
Tom isn't much of a guitarist.
I still don't know how it happened.
Tom asked me to talk with you.
Don't you think you should do that?
I'm not sure why Tom did that.
Would you mind making room for me?
Tom might lose consciousness.
I wish we could do this every day.
Tom can't tell us what to do.
I wasn't expecting you to do that.
He went his way, and I went mine.
Tom and Mary made sandwiches.
It's about time for you to leave.
Tom and Mary hurt each other.
I'm not accustomed to doing this.
I've only spoken to Tom once.
I was lucky enough to find a job.
Tom seems hard up for money.
You're not obligated to do that.
Tom might've told the truth.
I'm not suggesting you go alone.
On sunny winter mornings, the white frost twinkles on the lawn.
I really don't understand why you think that's a good idea.
Why do you think that's a good idea?
Tom isn't much of a pianist.
I'll try not to get in your way.
Tom is proud as a peacock and considers others with disdain.
He is sparkling and well-mannered.
We listened to with pleasure his sparkling anecdotes.
You are too poetic!
I like people with lisps. My ears enjoy hearing their voices!
"People don't know that they are right or wrong," said one of the pair of skateboarders that walked past on the sidewalk this morning.
Tom is in the kitchen helping his mother.
Tom was enormously fatigued by the journey.
The journey was tiring.
Tom is here for the weekend.
I'd almost forgotten about that.
Tom is often traveling.
Tom was appointed superintendent.
The castle is surrounded by trees.
Tom is resting in the shade of a tree.
If you are in Paris, contact me by telephone!
So, how was this reception?
Tom could buy a canoe today.
I want you to take me to Boston.
I'm drafting a plan.
The hen pecked the wheat.
The graphics cards are insanely expensive.
Tom ate a gluten-free pretzel.
I cut bread.
A substance can be solid, gaseous, or liquid.
Mary undulates her hips to attract the lustful gaze of men.
Tom caught Mary's attention.
How long do you plan to be here?
Do not twist or bend!
A chandelier was suspended from the ceiling.
These roses have pearlescent petals.
He staggered by zigzagging along the street.
They mine one ore of zinc and another of copper.
The hiccup gives health to the child, and to the old man, complete death.
Michael Singer is the author of The Untethered Soul.
The first wealth is health.
Tom and Mary leave tomorrow.
Please make yourselves at home.
Tom can't go outside today.
I'm not suggesting you do that.
Tom asked for our opinions.
I was just going to call a cab.
I know that Tom can't understand French.
Tom knew that he didn't have enough money.
Tom probably isn't watching TV now.
I debated whether I should say anything.
I couldn't see Tom's face, but I was sure he was smiling.
I couldn't help but laugh to myself.
I'm one of Tom's teammates.
Could you give me a lift home?
You're just as bad as Tom.
You ought to be more careful.
Tom can't help me anymore.
I'm not obligated to do that.
Tom won't permit us to do that.
I'm not all that happy.
That banana is rotten.
It seems you have a different opinion.
War isn't good.
Just on the threshold of the porch, behold / fierce Pyrrhus stands, in glittering brass bedight.
Do you promise not to tell anyone anything?
Do you promise not to tell anybody anything?
Stop talking about work.
The workers are complaining about the working conditions.
Sometimes, I sleep on the couch.
As when a snake, that through the winter's cold / lay swoln and hidden in the ground from sight, / gorged with rank herbs, forth issues to the light, / and sleek with shining youth and newly drest, / wreathing its slippery volumes, towers upright / and, glorying, to the sunbeam rears its breast, / and darts a three-forked tongue, and points a flaming crest.
Do you know that in my garden grow leeks, onions, chives, and garlic?
From spring to autumn, a lawn mower buzzes outside at one place or another, almost daily.
I gave birth to identical twins.
I did not give birth to a son for the war.
With him, Achilles' charioteer and squire, / Automedon, huge Periphas and all / the Scyrian youth rush up, and flaming fire / hurl to the roof, and thunder at the wall.
Tom bought too much bread.
I'm so sorry for what I did.
Tom's apartment is small.
I'll be waiting over there.
Tom could've followed us.
I wasn't prepared for that.
Tom bought too much milk.
Could you make room for me?
Tom and Mary look sleepy.
I'd like to see the menu.
Why won't anyone tell me anything?
They won't tell me anything.
I promise I won't say anything to anybody.
You can tell me. I won't tell anyone.
Why aren't they telling me anything?
Tom ordered a deep-dish pizza.
You can add whatever toppings you like to the pizza.
Choose whatever toppings you like.
You won't say anything, will you?
Blackmail won't work on me.
I can't do anything about it now.
This is totally irrelevant.
Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
I brought a pizza.
I knew Tom had something to do with it.
I've never heard that one.
Why was he telling her this?
Why was she telling him this?
I'd never heard that joke before.
I wonder why Tom told Mary that.
I asked Tom not to tell Mary about that, but he did anyway.
Why did Tom tell Mary that?
The thousand facets of beauty of the mountain meadow in summer, the innumerable nuanced shades, fills my heart with a soft feeling of bliss.
Close this drawer.
I don't believe it's necessary to clean the windows.
This law only applies to foreigners.
What would you do if you won ten million euros in the lottery?
We'd rather eat indoors. It's too cold outside.
Mary took her daughter in her arms to comfort her.
Tom has decided to wait until Monday.
Shoes, slippers, and sandals are footwear.
His house is surrounded by fields of sunflowers.
Endives, walnuts and roquefort are the ingredients of a good salad that can be enjoyed with a walnut or sunflower oil vinaigrette.
The swallow is a migratory bird.
Tom came into the house.
Tom hates eating alone.
I'm not married, either.
Tom got here on Monday.
Tom is likely to be enjoying that.
Tom is the youngest of the three boys.
I'm kind of sleepy, too.
Tom bought some cigars.
I'm kind of hungry, too.
Is Tom studying French?
Is Tom going to Boston?
I had a tumultuous day.
For me, solitude is like this piece of amber within which an insect lives eternally in its immutable beauty.
After a huge storm, it is possible to collect amber on the shores of the Baltic Sea.
She was appreciably tanned after her vacation.
The path which he traveled to go to the orangeries was swept away.
Don't splash me!
The server needs to be updated.
Would you rather give up heating or the internet?
A server is a specialised computer.
Stir together the ingredients in a bowl.
The beds are uncomfortable.
Preheat the oven to degrees.
Preheat the oven to degrees.
Preheat the oven to degrees.
Mary is a girlie girl.
Mary is not a girlie girl.
Mary curled her hair with a curling iron.
Tom pushed the heavy door.
Mary's hair is naturally curly.
I think you look really great.
Tom was escorted out of the building.
Tom got fired and was escorted out of the building.
Tom was escorted out of the building by security guards.
What appeared to be a beach of white sand was, in reality, millions and millions of small white seashells.
Oh, a seashell!
It is truly enjoyable to collect different seashells on the beach.
Give me a little kiss.
Give me another little kiss.
This old ten-mark bill hasn't been valid for a long time.
I didn't think it necessary to call you immediately.
Thanks to their branches, twigs, and leaves, the trees form as a roof.
The birds make their nest usually with small twigs found here and in the forest.
Twigs in beak, the magpie flies to its old nest in the birch.
I suppose Tom will find that good.
Without lies truth would perish of despair and boredom.
Do you believe that you are alone in the world?
Tom can't afford to have an automobile.
We are very late. We must hurry.
Inside, it's very hot, but outside its freezing.
When they no longer have priests, the gods become very easy to conjure.
At what time are you going to arrive in Paris for the meeting?
Over the summer months, Tom began studying Esperanto in earnest.
Tom became an extremely famous poet. However, all his poems were in Esperanto. Over the decades, many translators fought to the death over the interpretations of his poems.
Your music pleases me very much.
Twig in beak, the diminutive bird pranced atop the thick branch.
Khatia Buniatishvili's powerful hands rose and returned to the piano with exacting force as she played the last chord of a Rachmaninoff concerto.
You spend too much time on your computer.
Tom is presumed innocent.
Use a fertilizer once a year after blooming.
The following days were serene and rich in diversions.
He was sentenced to ten years in prison.
The cock, the hen, and his chicks pecked in the farmyard.
My father-in-law has an important job.
My mother-in-law has an important job.
A devil is a kind of small terrine.
His old beater is all dented.
Good day, my sweetheart! Why are you still in bed? Are you sick?
She screamed at the sky.
Like the grain, do the bread.
Jump into the water and swim after them!
Tom asked Mary to write a French sentence using the word "atermoiement".
We evolved pathetically from the fucking bacteria we once were!
We can count on a long night.
Your laces are untied.
Each day Marc takes the train to go to his job.
Hang your clothes outside so that they dry.
It was an enormous increase.
The producers of Spanish strawberries divert water from natural reserves.
He made a knot in his handkerchief so he wouldn’t forget what he had to do.
About how much money do you have?
Give me two ice creams, please.
I'm waiting for you at my house.
Today I'm working at home.
Why weren't you at home yesterday?
Last week I was at the beach, but today I'm home.
He is far away from home.
Are you driving me out of my home?
Have you paid for your home?
You sent the books from your house.
We live in house number fifty, next to the market.
When he heard the noise, Tom quickly ran out of the house.
Do you need milk and sugar?
I was going home.
I'm walking home.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination.
You can leave it with me as long as you need to.
He who wants a peacock must accept the difficulties of Hindustan.
The solution was obvious.
The exams have really taken it out of me.
I found the job hard. It really took it out of me.
Studying really takes it out of Tom.
Tom has to save up for university.
There is a downhill after every uphill.
The pass was intercepted.
They danced for hours.
Tom put his shoes on the shoe rack.
Mary applied cream to her face.
Mary applied moisturizing cream to her face.
Orienteering requires physical fitness as well as a high level of mental performance.
Tom put some milk into his coffee.
Tom put some soy milk in his coffee.
Tom put some almond milk in his coffee.
Tom put some oat milk in his coffee.
Tom put some rice milk in his coffee.
Tom put some hemp milk in his coffee.
Tom takes his coffee black.
Tom was surprised by Mary's abruptness.
Say hi to Tom for me.
Say "hi" to Tom for me.
Tom can barely make ends meet.
Tom took out a payday loan.
Tom lives a lavish lifestyle.
Mary lives a lavish lifestyle.
Tom advertised in the yellow pages.
Tom advertised online.
Tom played a pivotal role in the company's growth.
Tom played a pivotal role in the company's success.
Tom did not want to be taken advantage of.
Tom was taken advantage of.
Tom was taken advantage of by Mary.
Tom felt taken advantage of.
The umbrella is broken.
Their kisses became more and more passionate.
The large cloud is black.
We rushed to not arrive late.
The business is in good hands.
I'm wearing a sweater because I feel cold.
When are you due?
Tom is very romantic and sentimental.
Tom is a very shy guy.
No one likes to feel used or taken advantage of.
Tom studied in the college library.
Tom is studying in the college library.
Tom filled out his college application.
I don't know what has happened to her.
He missed her dearly.
She missed him dearly.
Romanian is the only Neolatin language in which the definitive article is welded at the end of the noun.
Tom is a dipsomaniac.
This sentence is correct.
Welded by the charm of love, united for eternity, what could separate you?
Transhumance can also be an international manifestation of lucid peasants who resist the dictates of the administration.
Translating is like creating a sculpture from a block of solid marble.
I want to go hiking and get baked by the sun.
Listening to music in your target language is a fun way to improve your fluency.
Tom's new single topped the charts last month.
Do you think that Tom's new single will top the charts?
The single sat at the top of the charts for a record sixteen weeks.
She wanted to slap him.
Gaslighting can cause victims to question their own sanity.
Gaslighting takes its name from the Patrick Hamilton play 'Gas Light'.
Tom claimed that Mary was gaslighting him.
Gaslighting was one of the many tricks Tom employed to manipulate his lovers.
Tom could have sworn that Mary was trying to gaslight him, but then again, these days he couldn't swear on anything.
Mary was a young widow at the time.
Tom was sitting at a table by himself.
Mary was sitting at a table for two by herself.
She was the prettiest girl I had ever seen.
Mary was the prettiest girl that Tom had ever seen.
Mary was the prettiest girl Tom had ever seen.
Mary came with her friends.
Tom came with his friends.
Mary is one of the prettiest girls I know.
I know Tom is here because I heard him arrive a few minutes ago.
I know that Tom is here because I heard him arrive a few minutes ago.
I know Tom is honest.
I know Tom is hungry.
I know Tom is doing that.
I know that Tom is doing that.
I know Tom is interested in doing that.
I know that Tom is interested in doing that.
I know Tom was the last one to do that.
I know that Tom was the last one to do that.
I know Tom was the first one to do that.
I know that Tom was the first one to do that.
I know Tom is desperate to do that.
I know that Tom is desperate to do that.
I know Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I know that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I know Tom is hesitant to do that.
I know that Tom is hesitant to do that.
I know Tom will be motivated to do that.
I know that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I know Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
I know that Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
I know Tom might be tempted to do that.
I know that Tom might be tempted to do that.
I know Tom is through doing that.
I know that Tom is through doing that.
I know Tom will be back soon.
I know that Tom will be back soon.
I know Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I know that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I know Tom will be home on Monday.
I know that Tom will be home on Monday.
I know Tom was present at today's meeting.
I know that Tom was present at today's meeting.
I know Tom was amused by what was going on.
I know that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I know Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I know that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I know Tom was unfazed by that.
I know that Tom was unfazed by that.
I know that Tom is worried.
I know Tom was late.
I know that Tom was late.
I know Tom is careless.
I know that Tom is careless.
I know Tom will be cooperative.
I know that Tom will be cooperative.
I know Tom was early.
I know that Tom was early.
I know Tom is usually punctual.
I know that Tom is usually punctual.
I know Tom will be reasonable.
I know that Tom will be reasonable.
I know Tom is in.
I know that Tom is in.
I know Tom was last.
I know that Tom was last.
I know Tom was first.
I know that Tom was first.
I know Tom has gone.
I know that Tom has gone.
I know Tom is slow.
I know that Tom is slow.
I know Tom is pushy.
I know that Tom is pushy.
I know Tom is grouchy.
I know that Tom is grouchy.
I know Tom was disobedient.
I know that Tom was disobedient.
I know Tom was displeased.
I know that Tom was displeased.
I know Tom has been forgiven.
I know that Tom has been forgiven.
I know Tom is miserable.
I know that Tom is miserable.
I know Tom will be objective.
I know that Tom will be objective.
I know Tom is sensible.
I know that Tom is sensible.
I know Tom has been suspended.
I know that Tom has been suspended.
I know Tom was truthful.
I know that Tom was truthful.
I know Tom is unemployed.
I know that Tom is unemployed.
I know Tom was unfair.
I know that Tom was unfair.
I know Tom is boring.
I know that Tom is boring.
I know Tom is done.
I know that Tom is done.
I know Tom will be fair.
I know that Tom will be fair.
I know Tom is fast.
I know that Tom is fast.
I know Tom is tough.
I know that Tom is tough.
I know Tom is self-conscious.
I know Tom was shaken.
I know that Tom was shaken.
I know Tom was disgusted.
I know that Tom was disgusted.
I know Tom is disorganized.
I know that Tom is disorganized.
I know Tom was disrespectful.
I know that Tom was disrespectful.
I know Tom was distracted.
I know that Tom was distracted.
I know Tom is generous.
I know that Tom is generous.
I know Tom is groggy.
I know that Tom is groggy.
I know Tom was horrified.
I know that Tom was horrified.
I know Tom will be impartial.
I know that Tom will be impartial.
I know Tom will be prudent.
I know that Tom will be prudent.
I know Tom is psyched.
I know that Tom is psyched.
I know Tom was stunned.
I know that Tom was stunned.
I know Tom will be supportive.
I know that Tom will be supportive.
I know Tom is troubled.
I know that Tom is troubled.
I know Tom is frantic.
I know that Tom is frantic.
I know Tom is aggressive.
I know that Tom is aggressive.
I know Tom is barefoot.
I know that Tom is barefoot.
I know Tom was barefoot.
I know that Tom was barefoot.
I know Tom is cute.
I know that Tom is cute.
I know Tom is dirty.
I know that Tom is dirty.
I know Tom is easygoing.
I know that Tom is easygoing.
I know Tom is educated.
I know that Tom is educated.
I know Tom is enthusiastic about that.
I know that Tom is enthusiastic about that.
I know Tom has experience.
I know that Tom has experience.
I know Tom has been helpful.
I know that Tom has been helpful.
I know Tom was impolite.
I know that Tom was impolite.
I know Tom is moody.
I know that Tom is moody.
I know Tom is usually polite.
I know that Tom is usually polite.
I know Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I know that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I know Tom is selfish.
I know that Tom is selfish.
I know Tom is skinny.
I know that Tom is skinny.
I know Tom is stupid.
I know that Tom is stupid.
I know Tom is talkative.
I know that Tom is talkative.
I know Tom is back.
I know that Tom is back.
I know Tom is cool.
I know that Tom is cool.
I know Tom is mean.
I know that Tom is mean.
I know Tom is nuts.
I know that Tom is nuts.
I know Tom was rude.
I know that Tom was rude.
I know Tom is thin.
I know that Tom is thin.
I know Tom is next.
I know that Tom is next.
I know Tom is ugly.
I know that Tom is ugly.
I know Tom is fussy.
I know that Tom is fussy.
I know Tom is naive.
I know that Tom is naive.
I know Tom is scary.
I know that Tom is scary.
I know Tom is witty.
I know that Tom is witty.
I know Tom is active.
I know that Tom is active.
I know Tom is charming.
I know that Tom is charming.
I know Tom is disgusting.
I know that Tom is disgusting.
I know Tom is outgoing.
I know that Tom is outgoing.
I know Tom is agnostic.
I know that Tom is agnostic.
I know Tom is ambidextrous.
I know that Tom is ambidextrous.
I know Tom is chubby.
I know that Tom is chubby.
I know Tom is claustrophobic.
I know that Tom is claustrophobic.
I know Tom is conscientious.
I know that Tom is conscientious.
I know Tom is finished.
I know that Tom is finished.
I know Tom was flabbergasted.
I know that Tom was flabbergasted.
I know Tom is flexible.
I know that Tom is flexible.
I know Tom is gullible.
I know that Tom is gullible.
I know Tom is headstrong.
I know that Tom is headstrong.
I know Tom was hesitant to do that.
I know that Tom was hesitant to do that.
I know Tom is hotheaded.
I know that Tom is hotheaded.
I know Tom was mesmerized.
I know that Tom was mesmerized.
I know Tom is methodical.
I know that Tom is methodical.
I know Tom is persistent.
I know that Tom is persistent.
I know Tom is popular.
I know that Tom is popular.
I know Tom is through.
I know that Tom is through.
I know Tom is unbeatable.
I know that Tom is unbeatable.
I know Tom is uneasy.
I know that Tom is uneasy.
I know Tom was amused.
I know that Tom was amused.
I know Tom is glad that you're here.
I know that Tom is glad that you're here.
I know Tom was baffled by that.
I know that Tom was baffled by that.
I know Tom is anxious.
I know that Tom is anxious.
I know Tom is bilingual.
I know that Tom is bilingual.
I know Tom is creepy.
I know that Tom is creepy.
I know Tom is dedicated.
I know that Tom is dedicated.
I know Tom is forgetful.
I know that Tom is forgetful.
I know Tom is wealthy.
I know that Tom is wealthy.
I know Tom was shocked.
I know that Tom was shocked.
I know Tom is good-looking.
I know that Tom is good-looking.
I know Tom is retired.
I know Tom was unimpressed.
I know Tom was astonished.
I know Tom was offended.
I know Tom is determined to do that.
I know Tom is smarter than I am.
I know Tom is smarter than me.
I know that Tom is hard to get along with.
I know Tom is difficult to get along with.
I know Tom is hard to get along with.
I know that's not ketchup.
I know that that's not ketchup.
We'll see you Monday.
We'll see you on Monday.
I should've told Tom that was the reason I did that.
I should've told Tom that that was the reason I did that.
I should've told Tom I felt the same way.
I should've told Tom that I felt the same way.
I can't stay here long, and neither can Tom.
I can't stay here long, and Tom can't either.
I looked at Tom and saw he was still smiling.
I looked at Tom and saw that he was still smiling.
I knew if I let Tom leave, he'd never come back.
I knew that if I let Tom leave, he'd never come back.
I don't think that Tom will do that.
I didn't know if we should do that or not.
I didn't know whether we should do that or not.
That's not ketchup.
That isn't ketchup.
That will never change.
What're the chances I'll actually get the job?
What're the chances that I'll actually get the job?
Several guys I recognized from school were standing in front of the library.
Several guys that I recognized from school were standing in front of the library.
Perhaps you shouldn't have given Tom that.
Perhaps you shouldn't have given that to Tom.
Perhaps it might've been better to do it that way.
Perhaps it might have been better to do it that way.
No one wants you here.
Nobody wants you here.
Nobody thinks you're a coward.
No one thinks that you're a coward.
No one thinks you're a coward.
Nobody thinks that you're a coward.
No one tried to stop me.
Nobody tried to stop me.
No one said anything to me about that.
Nobody said anything to me about that.
No one offered to help me.
Nobody offered to help me.
No one knows you're my cousin.
Nobody knows you're my cousin.
No one gave us anything.
Nobody gave us anything.
No one else seemed to be amused.
Nobody else seemed to be amused.
No one else has complained.
Nobody else has complained.
Maybe next time you'll listen to me when I tell you to be careful.
Maybe the next time you'll listen to me when I tell you to be careful.
Please don't tell anybody I did that.
Please don't tell anyone that I did that.
Please don't tell anyone I did that.
Please don't tell anybody that I did that.
The concert's been canceled.
The concert has been canceled.
I'm sure that won't happen.
I'm sure that that won't happen.
How hard could it be to do that?
How difficult could it be to do that?
How could I've forgotten that?
How could I have let that happen?
How could I've let that happen?
How could I have forgotten that?
Everyone agreed on that.
Everybody agreed on that.
Everyone wants to be liked.
Everybody wants to be liked.
Everyone wants to be happy.
Everyone stood there, shocked.
Everybody stood there, shocked.
Everyone is drinking, and nearly everyone is smoking.
Everybody is drinking, and nearly everybody is smoking.
Even though I wasn't planning to do that, I ended up doing it.
Even though I wasn't planning on doing that, I ended up doing it.
Don't tell anyone where I'm going.
Don't tell anybody where I'm going.
Do you think you can help me do that tomorrow?
Do you think that you can help me do that tomorrow?
Do you remember the time you and I went hiking together?
Do you remember the time that you and I went hiking together?
Do you think you're strong enough to do that?
Do you think that you're strong enough to do that?
Do you think I should actually do that?
Do you think that I should actually do that?
Do you think I could actually do that?
Do you think that I could actually do that?
Did you honestly think I wouldn't do that?
Did you honestly think that I wouldn't do that?
Did you get everything that you wanted?
By late afternoon, everyone was getting tired.
By late afternoon, everybody was getting tired.
I'm pretty sure no one's going to be able to recognize you.
I'm pretty sure nobody's going to be able to recognize you.
I'm pretty sure no one's going to recognize you.
I'm pretty sure nobody's going to recognize you.
What type of person is Tom?
Do you think Tom is sad?
Do you think that Tom is sad?
Do you think that Tom is busy?
It's the sort of thing Tom would do.
It's the kind of thing Tom would do.
I'm kind of tired, too.
Are you going with Tom?
I'm kind of angry, too.
Where did you go, Tom?
I trust you completely.
What's Tom been up to?
When did you get that?
Tom, are you out here?
What were their names?
Tom could've heard us.
We need to leave soon.
Tom can't help us now.
I'm kind of busy, too.
Is Tom waiting for us?
We had strong feelings for each other.
Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
Tom climbed to the mountaintop and while resting, he ate four small bags of potato chips, three manderins, five dried figs, and seven handfuls of chili-flavored peanuts.
I'll stay here until 2:30.
You must be careful not to make Tom angry.
You should've helped Tom with his work.
You can depend on Tom's help.
It would be better for you not to do that.
You must've stayed up late.
My advice wasn't followed.
I've loved you since I first met you.
Spring finally arrived.
Mary will pass the exam, if she prepares well.
The euphoria of victory does not blind us to the realities of the moment.
The quantity of stars in the sky is infinite.
This thing is not a smoking device.
It is not a smoking device.
I'm bored here.
Tom is a vet.
What a bargain!
Was Tom joking?
That was creepy.
I need you, Tom.
I need a blanket.
Tom ate a donut.
Is this important?
Tom can't dance.
May I leave early?
Tom chose a hat.
Dogs are like that.
Tom is fixing it.
It's not a smoking device.
Move north.
He in the forefront, tallest of the tall, / poleaxe in hand, unhinging at a stroke / the brazen portals, made the doorway fall, / and wide-mouthed as a window, through the oak, / a panelled plank hewn out, a yawning rent he broke.
Are they selling their house?
The boy ran home.
I put my car over there.
My father is upstairs.
I don't have enough money. I can't afford that.
I have already drunk three beers. It's enough!
A good argument presented badly has no effect.
For this recipe, only one onion is necessary.
They speak in their native language.
Tom had no ally, but he himself was making different enemies.
Beans grow poorly in soils rich in clay.
Bared stands the inmost palace, and behold, / the stately chambers and the courts appear / of Priam and the Trojan Kings of old, / and warders at the door with shield an spear.
When his favorite team had a victory, he waved his pennant while jumping up and down and yelped like a badger.
There's no antidote in the refrigerator.
The glass is fragile and transparent.
At first, French was a dialect.
Lawyers are bad Christians.
Moaning and tumult in the house we hear, / wailings of misery, and shouts that smite / the golden stars, and women's shrieks of fear, / and trembing matrons, hurrying left and right, / cling to and kiss the doors, made frantic by affright.
If everyone were to sweep before his front door, how clean the town would be.
"What is she?" - "She's a teacher."
A 13-year-old boy has discovered a treasure which may have belonged to the legendary Danish king Harald Bluetooth.
King Harald Gormsson, better known as “Harald Bluetooth", introduced Christianity to Denmark.
At times I think and at times I am.
Yuki Kawauchi won the Boston marathon.
Tom won the Boston marathon.
Tom competed in the Boston marathon.
You're bang on.
A lot of professional athletes take drugs.
Some mobile games open a new server every day.
Very few actors have succeeded in two different TV series.
We should learn magic tricks.
The lottery is a tax on stupidity.
I spend the whole evening on Netflix.
My biological mother is a circus artist.
The president talked for a long time on the TV.
Sometimes, I'm tired of translating, and I prefer writing my own sentences.
Tom is telling us the secret.
How does one become rich?
Tom is giving the secret away to us.
How do you become rich?
The world is what it has to be for an active being, full of obstacles.
Truth is the name that the strongest give to their opinion.
This sentence is ambiguous.
This phrase is incomprehensible.
This sentence isn't clear.
The man is also a stubborn microbe.
The most beautiful books are the ones that have never been written.
One vomits what they do not digest.
One who contradicts himself has more chances than someone else to occasionally express something true.
Tom and Mary adopted an animal at a shelter.
Tom adopted an animal at a shelter.
Mary is accusing Tom of having kidnapped her.
You're not teaching me anything if you're not teaching me to do something.
If we love to do good, we do what we love.
I'm working at feeling happy.
A difficulty is a light. An insurmountable difficulty is a sun.
If you want to live, you also want to die; otherwise you don't understand what life is.
Death is an act of the heart.
The fly running on the mirror doesn't worry about its reflection on the points of its legs from which it sits and runs; but on the contrary, it sees on the smooth surface a quantity of very small things which interest it and which we confuse with dust and grime.
His reprise of "All Along the Watchtower" in homage to Jimi Hendrix left fans unsatisfied.
He fell asleep on the rails and was run over by a train.
Tom told me he hated that man.
I'm very late.
OK then, but do it as fast as possible!
She has the eyes of a lynx.
Doubt even doubt itself.
Living without illusions is the secret to happiness.
I embrace my imperfections as if they are my reason to exist.
There is no bad which does not serve some good.
We live too much in books and not enough in nature.
What's a book? A sequence of small symbols. Nothing more. It's up to the reader to visualize the shapes, colours and feelings to which the symbols correspond.
It is sometimes preferable to not know what we're saying than to say what we don't know.
In order to speak Russian, learn English first; that will allow you to realize that these two languages have absolutely no connection between each other.
Do you have breakfast at the same time every morning?
If you see Tom, please tell him that he has to call me.
Very few people have been invited to celebrate the anniversary of the couple.
Tom met a man with a horse, who kindly greeted him.
Tom is more clever than you.
I'm telling you to tell the truth!
I told you to tell the truth.
We have to animate this scene by Friday!
I never intended to overshadow her accomplishments.
The website is filled with heavily censored depictions of what are ostensibly violent and pornographic incidents as means of shock value.
Every sentence he spoke ended in an incredibly annoying upward inflection.
Activists argue that the video game normalizes violent behaviour.
The new phone uses advanced face-recognition software to identify its users.
Systems in which the rules are based on usage, such as languages or customary law, are condemned to become absurd, cumbersome and contradictory, since every time a small error slips into one of their usages, it is integrated into the rules, by definition, for eternity. The more users are ignorant, the more systems degrade rapidly. English, poorly used by millions of people, natives or not, for centuries, is an example of the degradation of a system at terminal stage, no longer presenting any logic, neither in its syntax, nor its grammar, nor its vocabulary or its pronunciation. Similarly, with customary rights becoming too cumbersome and incomprehensible, the states which rely on them tend to switch to prescriptive law.
Put on your shirt.
Put your shirt on.
Tom is more talented than me.
Tom is much better than me at doing that.
Tom is much better than I am at doing that.
Tom is much better at doing that than I am.
Tom is much better at doing that than me.
Tom is no longer my boss.
Tom is no longer in prison.
Tom is no longer welcome in my house.
Tom isn't welcome in my house anymore.
Tom is putting his shoes on.
Tom is smarter than most people think.
Tom is someone you can't trust.
Tom is somebody you can't trust.
Tom is somebody you can trust.
Tom is the best French teacher that I know.
Tom is the only Canadian I invited to my party.
Tom is the only Canadian that I invited to my party.
Tom is unlikely to be as busy as you think he is.
Tom isn't likely to be as busy as you think.
Tom is unlikely to be as busy as you think.
Tom isn't likely to be as busy as you think he is.
Everything's great.
I bet Tom is here.
How drunk were you?
Tom bought cigars.
I hate these shoes.
Tom couldn't come.
I've missed Boston.
Tom does his best.
You're both losers.
Tom has a scooter.
Tom and Mary have strong feelings for each other.
It was obvious that Tom and Mary had strong feelings for each other.
Tom laughed at Mary's accent.
Do you know who won?
Tom is a lazy man.
I bet you can do it.
Tom might be hurt.
I cleared my throat.
Tom will drive us.
I clenched my fists.
I bet Tom is tired.
My children live in Athens.
Many famous philosophers and poets come from Athens.
My brother lived in London for many years.
My brother lives in New York.
In antiquity, on the Mediterranean shores of Gaul, there was a civilization still little known.
The bees close the cells with a film of wax.
You have the eyes of a lynx.
Seeing is forgetting the name of the thing one sees.
Let's make cupcakes.
I hear Tom's voice.
Tell me their names.
Is Tom your cousin?
This is the kitchen.
Tom died instantly.
Wasn't that amazing?
Tom nodded to Mary.
Who did that to you?
Tom rubbed his jaw.
I can't open my eyes.
Tom turned to Mary.
I just wanted to cry.
When will Tom come?
I need to leave soon.
You won't fool Tom.
I thought you'd gone.
I bet Tom is hungry.
I wish I'd done that.
Tom brought a broom.
I'm not cold anymore.
Tom could be asleep.
They're all gone now.
Tom has made coffee.
Who's in first place?
Tom is a cartoonist.
Doing this isn't easy.
Tom is at the beach.
I bet you can do that.
Tom is finally back.
I changed the subject.
Tom may use my desk.
I need time to decide.
Are you bringing Tom?
I ran down the stairs.
It's been a rough day.
Tom has another girl.
Just give me a moment.
Tom smiled nervously.
Do you have many scars?
Tom didn't look upset.
I can't stay here long.
Tom has a heated pool.
I should've worn a tie.
Tom is a good bassist.
Just give me your hand.
Tom is a normal child.
I've received your letter.
I almost yelled at Tom.
Are you taking vitamins?
I asked Tom how he was.
Aren't you afraid of me?
I let go of Tom's hand.
Don't bother doing that.
We have ants in the kitchen.
It's the hardest thing I've ever done.
Tom drank another beer.
I didn't want any of it.
Tom feeds the chickens.
I hate people like that.
I opened the top drawer.
Tom is a choreographer.
Just give me some space.
Tom is already in jail.
Is this river clean enough to swim in?
Tom has another daughter who lives in Boston.
I've reached the limits of my ability.
My apartment isn't far from here.
We should tell Tom.
My wife and I have a joint bank account.
It's been three years since Tom came to Boston.
I'd like to go to Australia sometime.
There are only three possibilities.
I've had such bad luck.
It's already been three years since Tom passed away.
I've often heard Tom say that.
I have several friends who speak French well.
I'm really surprised you got the prize.
I have no idea why Tom quit his job.
I almost kissed Mary.
Tom has very good handwriting.
I've got my reasons for hating Tom.
That's just one of the reasons I don't like Tom.
Strong as his father, Pyrrhus onward pushed, / nor bars nor warders can his strength sustain. / Down sinks the door, with ceaseless battery crushed.
I don't remember how I translated this sentence.
Is the water in the glass clean?
How is the day going?
I think there is someone in here.
Google it.
You should visit this museum.
I will ask you five questions.
I'll brb
I think I have a problem.
I do not know anything about his escape to another country.
Stressed is our heart till it rests in you.
He is probably running in the park.
Force wins a footing, and, the foremost slain, / in, like a deluge, pours the Danaan train.
The emperor has no clothes.
Tom read a Stephen King novel.
Tom tried to make friends.
Mary tried to make friends.
They were close knit friends.
How is it going so far?
So when the foaming river, uncontrolled, / bursts through its banks and riots on the plain, / o'er dyke and dam the gathering deluge rolled, / from field to field sweeps on with cattle, flock and fold.
Mary fell asleep while telling the children a bedtime story.
Tom fell asleep while telling Mary a bedtime story.
I think there's someone in here.
I think there's somebody in here.
I think that there's somebody in here.
I think that there's someone in here.
Tom isn't as strong as you.
Tom knew he'd win.
Tom knew that he'd win.
Tom knew I was angry.
Tom knew I was annoyed.
Tom knew I was awake.
Tom knew I was bored.
Tom knew I was broke.
Tom knew I was curious.
Tom knew I was depressed.
Tom knew I was desperate.
Tom knew I was drunk.
Tom knew I was excited.
Tom knew I was exhausted.
Tom knew I was furious.
Tom knew I was hungry.
Tom knew I was impressed.
Tom knew I was interested.
Tom knew I was irritated.
Tom knew I was jealous.
Tom knew I was nervous.
Tom knew I was optimistic.
Tom knew I was out.
Tom knew that I was out.
Tom knew I was outside.
Tom knew I was right.
Tom knew I was sad.
Tom knew I was satisfied.
Tom knew I was scared.
Tom knew I was serious.
Tom knew I was skeptical.
Tom knew I was sleepy.
Tom knew I was surprised.
Tom knew I was suspicious.
Tom knew I was terrified.
Tom knew I was thirsty.
Tom knew I was tired.
Tom knew I was unhappy.
Tom knew I was unlucky.
Tom knew I was worried.
Tom knew I'd be alone.
Tom knew I'd be early.
Tom knew I'd be late.
Tom knows I hate meetings.
Tom knows that I hate meetings.
Tom knows I hate spinach.
Tom knows that I hate spinach.
Tom knows I'm competitive.
Tom knows I'm divorced.
Tom knows I'm homeless.
Tom knows I'm homesick.
Tom knows I'm married.
Maybe I should stop now.
Tom is already walking.
Some of the men laughed.
Tom knows when I'm sad.
Are you going to join me?
Tom should be relieved.
Everything was delicious.
Tom was here with Mary.
I always get what I want.
Don't talk to Tom again.
I closed the locker door.
Go and give this to Tom.
I don't want any of this.
Has Tom found a job yet?
It looks like I woke you.
I bet Tom will be there.
Start from the beginning.
Tom didn't come with me.
A dog was barking outside.
Tom didn't win the race.
Breakfast is almost ready.
Tom doesn't know it yet.
Don't walk alone at night.
Tom doesn't seem scared.
Everyone, get out of here!
Tom heard the bell ring.
Everything went just fine.
Tom ignored my question.
Have you made your choice?
Tom is a lot better now.
How often are you in town?
Tom is against the plan.
I can stay a while longer.
Tom is an archaeologist.
I have to work late today.
Tom isn't talking to me.
I never wanted that stuff.
Tom threw rocks at Mary.
I'm not letting you leave.
Don't disappoint me, Tom.
It wasn't easy doing that.
Maybe Tom isn't bluffing.
Some of the women giggled.
Tom did a good job today.
Sorry about the other day.
Tom didn't find anything.
This is your last warning.
Tom didn't intimidate me.
This room smells terrible.
Tom doesn't like singing.
I could do that, I suppose.
Tom doesn't like walking.
I do break rules sometimes.
Tom has already finished.
I have some homework to do.
Tom has fixed everything.
I just wanted to be normal.
Tom is a street musician.
I knew what I needed to do.
Tom is back at the hotel.
I said everything was fine.
Tom is doing well so far.
It'd be foolish to do that.
Tom only waited a moment.
It's very crowded in there.
Tom still looked puzzled.
Just give me a few seconds.
Tom stuck out his tongue.
Maybe I should do that now.
Tom texted me last night.
Please turn the music down.
How could I tell Tom that?
That wouldn't happen again.
I bet Tom is disappointed.
Are you calling me an idiot?
Maybe Tom wasn't bluffing.
Aren't you going to join in?
Tom got back this morning.
Don't bother doing that now.
Tom has canceled his trip.
Don't bother doing that yet.
Tom has finally come home.
I didn't say you were lying.
Tom has finally confessed.
I feel a headache coming on.
Tom has his mother's eyes.
Let me get the door for you.
Tom has sold all his land.
Tom has sold all of his land.
Let's stay for another hour.
Tom is an intelligent guy.
The party will be over soon.
Tom tore the note in half.
This is all part of my plan.
Does Tom know you did that?
This rope isn't long enough.
I don't want Tom to see me.
What happened the other day?
That's not your fault, Tom.
Don't you have any questions?
Tom did something terrible.
I could go inside, I suppose.
Tom did something very bad.
I didn't think you'd do that.
Tom didn't enjoy the party.
I have a lot to do right now.
Tom doesn't seem so strong.
I pretended to still be busy.
Tom gave me a lot of money.
I suppose I ought to do that.
Tom had to change his plan.
Isn't it about time to leave?
Tom has made coffee for us.
Let me buy you another drink.
Tom hasn't fed the dog yet.
Perhaps I'll see you tonight.
Tom is also planning to go.
Can we get something to drink?
Tom is gradually improving.
Did you still want to do that?
Tom said you were drinking.
Do you have any books on jazz?
Tom wanted Mary to say yes.
Don't bother doing that today.
Tom was the only one awake.
I closed my eyes for a moment.
Did you and Tom get to talk?
I don't know many people here.
This is where Tom and I met.
Let's not talk about this now.
Like I said, I didn't do that.
Tom hasn't touched his food.
Please allow me to escort you.
Tom heard his phone ringing.
That dress looks great on you.
Tom hid behind a large rock.
That was all I needed to know.
Tom is a very good neighbor.
That's what people always say.
My brother is three years younger than I am.
My brother is three years younger than me.
I want to buy a car.
I saw Tom at the airport.
I have to go. It's getting dark.
We expect Tom tomorrow at 2:30.
I liked this book better than that one.
We gave it to Tom.
I only wear glasses when I read.
I gather you don't like Tom.
You've gone too far this time.
I've eaten the apple.
I was afraid of catching a cold.
I haven't seen Tom in a few days.
I forgot that Tom could speak French.
We must punish Tom severely.
I've studied French for three months.
I've been living here for many years.
I've wanted to go to Boston for years.
I was afraid of being late.
I was afraid to go into the cave.
I was afraid that I might drop the vase.
I was afraid I might lose my job.
I was afraid that I might make a mistake.
I gave Tom and Mary a present for their anniversary.
I was fortunate to be able to do that.
It may already be too late for us to do that.
I was afraid to make the first move.
It snowed in Boston.
I hope we have good weather tomorrow.
We'll play football after school.
It was really cold on Monday.
I began to study French when I was thirteen years old.
I began studying French when I was thirteen years old.
I began studying French when I was thirteen.
I began to study French when I was thirteen.
Read books that interest you.
I wonder why Tom said that he doesn't know Mary.
Health is the first duty in life.
Tom is always very cautious.
This rope isn't strong enough.
Tom is good at playing golf.
Do either of you need anything?
Should I paint the wall white or green?
Tom drinks very little.
Can you introduce me to your friend?
Do you truly believe that it's a good idea?
This isn't the right way.
Where is my belt?
This isn't real black bread.
Do you know by chance of a hotel with a good price nearby?
Messi scored a spectacular goal.
Step 1: Be attractive.
I thought you'd like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I have three times as many books as Tom.
I have three times as many books as Tom does.
I think that Tom is going to do that.
I think I'll change jobs.
I'm constantly getting scolded for my slow work.
I've never seen anyone like you.
I have a Canadian neighbor.
I've never met anyone like you before.
I've never met anybody like you before.
I haven't yet met Tom's parents.
We would rather eat what we brought from home.
Your lizard will never love you back, even if you nurture it and name it Fluffy.
These eyes saw Pyrrhus, rioting in blood, / saw on the threshold the Atridae twain.
Saw where among a hundred daughters, stood / pale Hecuba, saw Priam's life-blood stain / the fires his hands had hallowed in the fane.
Those fifty bridal chambers I behold / (so fair the promise of a future reign) / and spoil-deckt pillars of barbaric gold, / a wreck; where fails the flame, its place the Danaans hold.
Haply the fate of Priam thou would'st know.
Soon as he saw the captured city fall, / the palace-gates burst open, and the foe / dealing wild riot in his inmost hall, / up sprang the old man and, at danger's call, / braced o'er his trembling shoulders in a breath / his rusty armour, took his belt withal, / and drew the useless falchion from its sheath, / and on their thronging spears rushed forth to meet his death.
Give me a second, please.
Within the palace, open to the day, / there stood a massive altar. Overhead, / with drooping boughs, a venerable bay / its shadowy foliage o'er the home-gods spread.
Pay no attention to it.
Here, with her hundred daughters, pale with dread, / poor Hecuba and all her female train, / as doves, that from the low'ring storm have fled, / and cower for shelter from the pelting rain, / crouch round the silent gods, and cling to them in vain.
Why do we always have to go to Boston, Tom? There are other beautiful cities!
Tom's car was covered in moss.
I can stay no longer.
I'm sorry, but I cannot return your affection.
May I speak freely?
My shoes are giving me blisters.
Those shoes gave me blisters.
The heel of her shoe broke.
Mary wore moccasins.
Mary shook her head reproachfully.
Tom wore a cowboy hat.
Tom had no idea how to do it properly.
Tom smiled at the crowd.
Mary smiled at the crowd.
Tom is soft-spoken.
I don't have any other options.
Tom brought his hands to her waist.
But when in youthful arms came Priam near, / "Ah, hapless lord!" she cries, "what mad desire / arms thee for battle? Why this sword and spear? / And whither art thou hurrying?"
I knew what Tom was thinking.
How much more time do you need?
Perhaps I'll see Tom tonight.
I didn't know you were in here.
Tom doesn't really like fish.
I hadn't even considered that.
Tom has caused many problems.
I hope you know how to do that.
Tom has discovered the truth.
I just need to get out of here.
Tom has passed all his exams.
I probably should've done that.
Tom has warned me about that.
Tom wore moccasins.
I'm not going to let you leave.
Tom hasn't met my family yet.
It would be so easy to do that.
Tom heard a noise behind him.
Please don't ask me that again.
Tom is always home on Monday.
You're not invited to my party.
Tom knew what Mary was up to.
Have you been taking your pills?
Tom still doesn't look happy.
If you want me to leave, I will.
Are you and Tom still friends?
It's a three-hour walk at least.
Hey, don't be so selfish, Tom.
Of course, I'm going to do that.
I bet Tom has never done that.
That's where your mom and I met.
I didn't know Tom was a minor.
Being a single parent isn't easy.
Maybe Tom will let us do that.
Did you really think I'd do that?
Tom didn't have time to react.
Do we really have to do this now?
Tom didn't tell me about that.
Do you always wear a tie to work?
Tom doesn't want to go either.
Everything in the room was dirty.
Tom had trouble finding a job.
I don't blame you if you hate me.
Tom has killed several people.
I never meant to hurt any of you.
Tom has never been overweight.
If you don't mind, I'll sit here.
It would be very easy to do that.
Tom poured me a glass of wine.
Thank you so much for doing that.
Tom sighed and shook his head.
I don't remember putting it there.
Tom waited for Mary to answer.
I hate being told what I can't do.
You won't be able to fool Tom.
I just wanted to have fun tonight.
I turned around to look at Tom.
I should be there in half an hour.
Some of what Tom said was true.
If you don't mind, I'll leave now.
Tom didn't find anything wrong.
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed you.
Tom didn't have life insurance.
My suitcase isn't where I left it.
Tom doesn't like being ignored.
That must've been what woke me up.
Tom had me laughing in no time.
The meeting ended three hours ago.
Tom has a lot of close friends.
Can we go to the park and play now?
Tom has closed all the windows.
Do you intend to ignore me forever?
Tom has painted his room white.
Feel free to sit anywhere you want.
Tom nudged Mary with his elbow.
For the time being, let's sit here.
Tom went on one date with Mary.
I could've and should've done that.
Perhaps Tom should've done that.
I don't want you to change a thing.
Tom and Mary were both frowning.
I want to stop thinking about this.
Maybe I wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be that busy.
Tom didn't seem to be all that busy.
Of course, I knew it was dangerous.
Tom enrolled in a French course.
Thank you for asking me to do this.
Tom had a good reason not to go.
Could we get together next weekend?
Tom had dinner with his parents.
Don't touch me and don't talk to me.
Tom has a family to think about.
Everyone drew their own conclusions.
How do you feel about what happened?
Tom has decided to stop smoking.
I didn't actually think you'd agree.
Tom has dislocated his shoulder.
I don't want to live here by myself.
Tom tried his best to look busy.
I need more time to make up my mind.
Tom was almost three hours late.
I never planned on coming back here.
We could ask Tom what he thinks.
I'll be out of town for a day or so.
Does Tom know Mary has done that?
Tom does that faster than you do.
Tom does that faster than you.
It's time for us to get out of here.
I enjoyed spending time with Tom.
Maybe you just need to study harder.
I never knew why Tom stood me up.
Someday I'll explain why I did that.
I was supposed to be helping Tom.
That happened about three hours ago.
Of course, I'm going to help Tom.
That was the main reason I did that.
Tom didn't answer my last letter.
The guards change every three hours.
Tom didn't ask me for permission.
I bet you could do that if you tried.
Tom died just after the accident.
I can't imagine what it's like there.
Tom had difficulty finding a job.
I handled it the only way I knew how.
Tom doesn't have his gun with him.
Tom doesn't know why I'm here yet.
I'll be out of town for a day or two.
Tom handed Mary a piece of paper.
It should've been easy to accomplish.
Tom has found a job in Australia.
Perhaps you shouldn't have done that.
Tom tried his best to look happy.
Are you spending enough time studying?
Tom was really angry when I left.
Don't forget that you're here to help.
Does Tom know you want to do that?
It was a mistake to come here tonight.
I had no idea what Tom's plan was.
So, can you speak French fluently now?
I haven't seen Tom for three days.
Some of you might not want to do this.
I heard Tom's footsteps behind me.
That's the reason I wanted to do that.
I think they're talking about Tom.
We shouldn't even consider doing that.
It'll be very hard to impress Tom.
Who knows what's going to happen next?
Some of what Tom said wasn't true.
Are you going to tell me what you want?
Tom came as soon as we called him.
Do you know how cold it got last night?
Tom didn't seem particularly busy.
I kind of wanted to be there yesterday.
We'll get there in three hours.
I got injured doing that.
That was the only way we could do that.
It didn't last more than three minutes.
Doing that doesn't look too hard.
I've told you everything I know about Tom.
Tom stayed in Boston a few days.
I think that you have been brainwashed.
I have to introduce Tom to the manager.
I've read your book. It was very interesting.
I have to give this book to Tom.
I have to give Tom this book.
I have to ask Tom a question.
It took me several hours to draw this picture.
It took me three hours to clean my house.
It took me several hours to do that.
I do that almost every day.
Leave the book where it is.
We had fun with Tom.
I often borrow books from the library.
I need to warn Tom.
It's popular in Australia.
We shouldn't lose courage.
It happened in Boston.
I found a dead cockroach on the kitchen counter.
You've forgotten your change.
I haven't kissed Mary yet.
I'm still in love with Mary.
The concert wasn't as long as I expected it to be.
It used to be nearly impossible to do this.
Please don't walk on the grass.
We'd better tell the others.
I have many French-speaking friends.
I like eating fruit for breakfast.
We don't know whether Tom can come or not.
It's not as easy to do that as people think.
I hadn't seen Tom in three years.
It's difficult for me to express myself in French.
It's going to be a challenge.
Ha, as if you had a choice.
"Times so dire / not such defenders nor such help require. / Not e'en, were Hector here, my Hector's aid / could save us."
"Hither to this shrine retire, / and share our safety or our death."
She said, / and to his hallowed seat the aged monarch led.
I've never seen your father.
See, now, Polites, one of Priam's sons, / scarce slipt from Pyrrhus' butchery, and lame, / through foes, through darts, along the cloisters runs / and empty courtyards.
At his heels, aflame / with rage, comes Pyrrhus. Lo, in act to aim, / now, now, he clutches him, – a moment more, / e'en as before his parent's eyes he came, / the long spear reached him. Prostrate on the floor / down falls the hapless youth, and welters in his gore.
Gwalior is in Madhya Pradesh.
Lakshmibai was the queen of Jhansi.
As usual, he reads the newspaper while eating.
An eyewitness is worth more than ten auditory witnesses.
Then Priam, though hemmed with death on every side, / spared not his utterance, nor his wrath controlled.
"To thee, yea, thee, fierce miscreant", he cried, / may Heaven, if Heaven with righteous eyes behold / so foul an outrage and a deed so bold, / ne'er fail a fitting guerdon to ordain, / nor worthy quittance for thy crime withhold, / whose hand hath made me see my darling slain, / and dared with filial blood a father's eyes profane."
“Do not dispute over the truth with someone who does not know the truth; but from the person who is eager to know the truth, do not withhold words from him”
Tom's voice echoed throughout the otherwise empty room.
Tom makes art out of otherwise useless things.
Tom's goal livened up an otherwise dull game.
Tom is obscenely rich.
Tom spends most of his time surfing.
Tom has a pitcher plant.
Next time, you might not be so lucky.
Next time, we might not be so lucky.
Tom has been doing yoga for about ten years.
Mary turned her head slightly.
Mary looked appalled.
You didn't know that, did you?
It took longer than I expected.
It's not a toy.
We couldn't have come this far without your help.
Tom heard the floorboards creaking.
Tom heard the floorboards creaking above him.
Tom lost his footing.
Tom almost lost his footing.
Keep your shirt tucked in.
It took longer than I expected it to.
It took longer than I expected it to take.
Tom likes everyone here.
Tom likes everybody here.
Tom lived in Boston until he was thirty.
Tom lived in Boston until he was thirty years old.
Tom loved apples when he was a child.
Tom may want to talk to Mary.
Tom might want to talk to Mary.
Tom may want to talk to you.
Tom might want to talk to you.
Tom often wears blue clothes.
Tom said he had a contract.
Tom said that he had a contract.
Tom said he'd been betrayed.
Tom said that he'd been betrayed.
Tom said he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he'd forgotten something.
Tom said he wasn't finished.
Tom said that he wasn't finished.
Tom said he hated Mary.
Tom said Mary looked nervous.
Tom said that Mary looked nervous.
Tom said he might be able to help.
Tom said that he might be able to help.
Tom said he might be able to help us.
Tom said that he might be able to help us.
Tom said he wanted to do this.
Tom said that he wanted to do this.
Tom said he was amused.
Tom said he was going to die.
Tom said that he was going to die.
Tom said he was married.
Tom said he was relaxed.
Tom said he was single.
Tom said he was very drunk.
Tom said he was worried.
Tom said he wasn't afraid.
Tom said he wasn't drunk.
Tom said he wasn't free.
Tom said he wasn't lucky.
Tom said he wasn't poor.
Tom said he wasn't ready.
Tom said he wasn't rich.
Tom said he wasn't sad.
Tom said he didn't want to eat in that restaurant.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat in that restaurant.
Tom said that Mozart was his favorite composer.
Tom says he doesn't want to live like that anymore.
Tom says that he doesn't want to live like that anymore.
Tom said he had a difficult day.
Tom said that he had a difficult day.
Tom said he had a hard day.
Tom said that he had a hard day.
Tom knows he can count on us.
Tom knows that he can count on us.
I know that I can count on Tom.
Tom told Mary she shoud go to the hospital.
There isn't anything we can do about that.
Tom knows he has to do something.
Tom knows that he has to do something.
Tom knew that he had to do something.
"How old are you?" "I'm thirty."
"How old are you?" "I'm thirty years old."
"What's your name?" "My name is Tom."
Doing that was really hard.
Doing that was really difficult.
Tom doesn't like to take risks.
The man sitting next to Tom is his father.
The man who's sitting next to Tom is his father.
Will anyone be at the station to meet us?
Will anybody be at the station to meet us?
That's the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
That's the nicest thing anybody's ever done for me.
It's getting dark. Please turn on the light.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on.
Everyone else at the party was much younger than me.
Someone sent us a gift.
Somebody sent us a gift.
No one told us anything.
Nobody told us anything.
Everyone except us knew what was going on.
Everybody except us knew what was going on.
Everyone except me knew what was going on.
Everybody except me knew what was going on.
Everyone except Tom knew what was going on.
Everybody except Tom knew what was going on.
That was one of the reasons I did that.
That was one of the reasons that I did that.
Did you think this was going to be easy?
Did you think that this was going to be easy?
Tom doesn't speak French fluently.
Do you know how much all this will cost?
Tom is feeling a lot better today.
It's definitely time to get out of here.
Tom was the one who brought it up.
Tom asked me a bunch of questions about you.
Are you going to be all right, Tom?
Did you really think I'd go out with you?
I could see Tom from where I stood.
Doing that wouldn't have changed a thing.
I felt better after talking to Tom.
I cleared my throat and started speaking.
Tom didn't seem particularly happy.
I could come here more often if I wanted.
Tom doesn't like singing sad songs.
I guess I just needed someone to talk to.
Tom drinks a little wine sometimes.
I guess we should've done that yesterday.
Tom filled both bottles with water.
I probably would've been able to do that.
Tom has found a new place to live.
I probably would've been able to do that without any help.
Luckily, I was able to do that by myself.
Tom has been there for three hours.
My parents raised me to think for myself.
Tom has found a good place to hide.
Where do you see this relationship going?
Tom has sold the rest of his books.
Don't you think doing that would be risky?
Tom hasn't washed his car recently.
Tom sometimes drinks a little wine.
I probably would've been able to do that without your help.
I think that I could've done that by myself.
It'll be very difficult to impress Tom.
Tom had a hard time finding a job.
I forgot Tom could speak French.
Tom said that you were drinking.
Tom hasn't yet fed the dog.
I love this city where we can meet many people.
I thought that's what you would've wanted.
Tom helps anyone who asks for help.
Some of you will have problems doing this.
Tom poured more coffee for himself.
Do you know how far Boston is from Chicago?
Tom shook his head and looked away.
Do you want to leave your bag in the trunk?
Tom tried his best to look serious.
Don't you ever do anything other than read?
Does Tom know Mary wants to do that?
I don't have a headache any longer.
I want to give you something.
You know very well what I want.
I must've parked my car somewhere else.
I hear that Tom is now a teacher.
I need to see Tom again.
I always drive below the speed limit.
I always drive under the speed limit.
I assume that you're willing to take the risk.
I think we should do that again.
I think that we should do that again.
I bought a magazine at a store just outside the station.
I'm getting used to doing that.
I caught Tom stealing some money out of my wallet.
I might go out if the rain lets up.
I couldn't help laughing when I saw Tom doing that.
I wonder if Tom will do that tomorrow.
I doubt that his words are the truth.
The street is too narrow for the passage of automobiles.
You're not the only one who doesn't understand it.
I would have been suprised if you could have done it at first.
Do you feel the difference now?
It's not the worst yet.
When the people have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich.
"Not so Achilles, whom thy lying tongue / would feign thy father; like a foeman brave, / he scorned a suppliant's rights and trust to wrong, / and sent me home in safety, – ay, and gave / my Hector's lifeless body to the grave."
Do they arrive at six or seven o'clock?
She closed the door and went to the first floor.
Ten years had passed since he had gone to America.
Tom is taller and fatter than me.
The children aren't allowed to drink wine.
My number was called last.
The old man spoke and, with a feeble throw, / at Pyrrhus with a harmless dart he drave. / The jarring metal blunts it, and below / the shield-boss, down it hangs, and foils the purposed blow.
"Go then", cries Pyrrhus, "with thy tale of woe / to dead Pelides, and thy plaints outpour. / To him, my father, in the shades below, / these deeds of his degenerate son deplore."
"Now die!" – So speaking, to the shrine he tore / the aged Priam, trembling with affright, / and feebly sliding in his son's warm gore. / The left hand twists his hoary locks; the right / deep in his side drives home the falchion, bared and bright.
They are going to televise the event.
The event was televised.
The biologist looked at a spore under the microscope.
Such close had Priam's fortunes; so his days / were finished, such the bitter end he found, / now doomed by Fate with dying eyes to gaze / on Troy in flames and ruin all around, / and Pergamus laid level with the ground. / Lo, he to whom once Asia bowed the knee, / proud lord of many peoples, far-renowned, / now left to welter by the rolling sea, / a huge and headless trunk, a nameless corpse is he.
The terrain is mountainous.
We are wandering through inadequately mapped territory.
Why did you kiss me in the dark?
She took the wrong bus.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to Boston.
I can't understand why anyone would want to do that.
I can't understand why anybody would want to do that.
Let's get someone to take our picture.
Let's get somebody to take our picture.
We should get someone to paint our house.
We should get somebody to paint our house.
The snow's melted.
No one would loan me money.
Can someone give us a lift?
Can somebody give us a lift?
I promise you I won't do that.
I promise you that I won't do that.
It's going to be hard to find somebody to replace Tom.
It's going to be difficult to find someone to replace Tom.
It's going to be hard to find someone to replace Tom.
It's going to be difficult to find somebody to replace Tom.
Everyone's still up.
Everybody's still up.
Everyone's still awake.
Everybody's still awake.
I'd rather help someone else.
I'd rather help somebody else.
I've given Tom all the documents.
I've given all the documents to Tom.
I didn't know someone was taking pictures.
I didn't know somebody was taking pictures.
I don't think Tom will tell anybody.
I don't think that Tom will tell anyone.
I don't think Tom will tell anyone.
I don't think that Tom will tell anybody.
Tom may be able to help us.
Can anyone help us do this?
Can anybody help us do this?
Tom may not want to help us.
Tom wasn't difficult to find.
Tom may not want to help Mary.
Tom might not want to help Mary.
I like figs.
Tom is thrifty.
I like yoga.
Tom deceived us.
I like bacon.
Don't leave, Tom.
Do you like pork?
Has Tom left yet?
Tom liked to bet.
Tom likes apples.
We remain hopeful.
Tom likes cooking.
Let us handle this.
Tom is such a nerd.
Let's buy this car.
Tom liked swimming.
Give us a few hours.
Tom needed my help.
It's not compulsory.
Tom is in his house.
It's not contagious.
Tom is ready to die.
It's really special.
Tom is safe for now.
It's their decision.
Tom is very thrifty.
It's time consuming.
Tom joined the team.
It's very stressful.
Tom liked the movie.
It's wonderful here.
Tom needed our help.
One problem remains.
Tom isn't in a hurry.
Somehow we survived.
Tom left the country.
That's not required.
Tom loved to do that.
I have three nephews.
Tom should go to bed.
Thank you, everybody.
Tom is playing soccer.
That helped us a lot.
Tom is quite charming.
That's fairly common.
Tom is still feverish.
That's something new.
Tom is studying music.
That's too dangerous.
Tom left the hospital.
That's truly amazing.
Tom needs new clothes.
That's very exciting.
Tom needs our support.
That's very worrying.
Tom played basketball.
The noise woke us up.
Tom rarely eats fruit.
The sound woke us up.
Ask Tom how to do that.
These were expensive.
Tom didn't do his best.
They'll never change.
Tom is just a beginner.
They're both weirdos.
Tom is our best driver.
Don't make us do that.
Tom is preparing lunch.
Don't make us do this.
Tom looked for the key.
Give us a few minutes.
Tom never let me drive.
Tom never lets me drive.
Give us a little more.
Tom planted some trees.
Give us a little time.
Tom stirred his coffee.
Give us just a minute.
Did you see Tom do that?
Give us some of those.
Tom is lucky to be here.
It won't take us long.
Tom left the restaurant.
That'll help us a lot.
Tom liked the attention.
That's wonderful news.
Tom made his mother cry.
Do you want some bacon?
We should ask Tom first.
Please tell us a story.
I don't mind helping Tom.
Take us to your leader.
Tom is as busy as always.
Teach us how it's done.
Tom is rather unreliable.
Tell us about your job.
Tom isn't doing his best.
Tell us about your son.
Tom knows a lot about it.
That cost us a fortune.
Tom likes climbing trees.
That's hardly original.
Tom likes reading novels.
Don't ask us to do that.
Tom must miss his family.
Don't blame us for that.
Tom needs to work faster.
Give us all the details.
Tom never had much money.
Give us just one minute.
Tom rarely drinks coffee.
Give us one more chance.
Tom really studies a lot.
Give us something to do.
Tom seemed pretty scared.
I don't like that color.
Tom used to wear glasses.
I'd make a terrible spy.
I just wanted to meet Tom.
I've been here all week.
I've never seen Tom drunk.
Let us worry about that.
Tom is my new best friend.
Please make us some tea.
Tom is very different now.
Please show me the list.
Tom left on Christmas Day.
Please tell us about it.
Ask Tom to do that for you.
Teach us how to do that.
I saw Tom go into the cave.
Tell us about your kids.
Tom is preparing breakfast.
Tell us about your plan.
Tom is rather disorganized.
Tell us all the details.
Tom is the one who's dying.
Tell us how it happened.
Tom is too young to retire.
Tell us more about this.
Tom licked the spoon clean.
Tell us the whole story.
Tom is one of the world's leading experts on cybersecurity.
Tell us this isn't true.
Tom must be here somewhere.
Tell us what this means.
Tom seemed pretty relieved.
That's for us to decide.
Tom seems to have finished.
The noise kept us awake.
Tom doesn't cook on Mondays.
Whose clothes are these?
Tom doesn't like spicy food.
Come and see us tomorrow.
Tom is much nicer than Mary.
I don't mind helping you.
Tom is obviously having fun.
We still have a few left.
Tom is on the swimming team.
I need to get my hair cut.
Tom is renovating his house.
I've lost a lot of weight.
Tom isn't absent very often.
I've read all those books.
Tom likes his coffee strong.
Help us move the piano.
Tom made a terrible mistake.
Come see us again tomorrow.
Tom made some coffee for us.
Doing that was really easy.
Maybe Tom was upset because I didn't tell him about what we were planning to do.
Don't ever lie to us again.
Tom promised to pay me $300.
Give us a little more time.
Tom should do that tomorrow.
Help us clean up this mess.
Tom told us how he did that.
Let us handle that problem.
I would've loved to meet Tom.
Tell us exactly what to do.
Tom has ordered three pizzas.
Tell us what the matter is.
Tom has repeatedly done that.
Thanks for driving us home.
Tom is likely to die in jail.
Thanks for letting us know.
Tom is the reigning champion.
Thanks for letting us stay.
Tom likes going to the beach.
Thanks for meeting us here.
Tom looked a little restless.
We've just finished eating.
Tom really likes his new job.
Don't make us do that again.
Tom must've realized it was a rhetorical question, because he didn't answer.
I bought this hat in Boston.
I feel safer when Tom is here.
It only took us three hours.
I found what Tom said amusing.
Just give us another chance.
I wish I knew where Tom lived.
Just give us another minute.
The best person to ask is Tom.
Please come see us tomorrow.
Tom explained how he did that.
Please tell us what's wrong.
Tom is only trying to survive.
Please tell us your opinion.
Tom is the one who invited me.
Tell us about what happened.
Tom likes watching basketball.
Tell us about your children.
Tom loved living on the ranch.
There's nothing for us here.
Tom sent an email to Mary asking her why she had changed her plans.
This game is very addictive.
Tom must make a decision soon.
I told Tom that I disagreed.
I told Tom I disagreed.
Give us time to talk it over.
Can you tell me how old Tom is?
I almost never eat ice cream.
I expected Tom to finish first.
I've read all of those books.
I have great confidence in Tom.
Most people wouldn't do that.
I saw Tom swimming in the pool.
Please don't make us do that.
I've heard Tom say that before.
Please show us your pictures.
I've joked with Tom about that.
Please tell us what happened.
Please have Tom do that for me.
Tell me what your address is.
I could tell by the look on Tom's face he knew what was going on.
This hat cost thirty dollars.
Tom doesn't like working alone.
Could you give us a ride home?
Tom is working in a restaurant.
I wrote three songs last week.
Tom likes talking to strangers.
I'm not the youngest guy here.
Tom looks a little disoriented.
I'm not the youngest one here.
It was a good idea to do that.
Tom must've gone fishing.
Please give us another chance.
Tom needs to get some exercise.
Show me your stamp collection.
Tom put his hands on his knees.
We wanted it to be a surprise.
Tom knew how to do that already, so I didn't have to show him.
I hear you're moving to Boston.
I told Tom it sounded plausible.
I'll buy you whatever you want.
I'm having lunch with Tom today.
I'm sure that's what'll happen.
Tom couldn't make himself heard above the noise of the crowd.
Tell us what this is all about.
Tom is the one who invited Mary.
I'm not the one who invited Tom.
We don't need to do that today.
Tom knows those people, I think.
We've just finished doing that.
Tom never goes to school by bus.
Will you help me move the sofa?
Tom tried to protect his family.
I don't think I can handle that.
What Tom did made me very angry.
Is this something you could use?
Could you use this?
I just love everything about Tom.
It's still too early to do that.
I know we'll definitely miss Tom.
We still have a few apples left.
I saw Tom rowing across the lake.
I bet you weren't expecting that.
Tom and Mary probably did something they shouldn't have done.
I don't feel any different today.
Tom made some grammatical errors.
I know almost nothing about that.
Tom seems a little happier today.
I'm glad they found Tom unharmed.
I'll be glad to answer questions.
I'll be glad to answer your questions.
Mary is one of my ex-girlfriends.
I'm beginning to think it's true.
Tom is likely to come home early.
I'm certainly not happy about it.
I'm certainly not happy about that.
Tom isn't very good at chess yet.
I'm glad something has been done.
Tom made Mary feel uncomfortable.
I'm looking forward to next week.
Tom plays baseball in the summer.
I'm my own worst enemy sometimes.
Tom plays volleyball pretty well.
I'm not feeling very well myself.
Tom put some flowers in the vase.
I'm not the youngest person here.
I'm not the oldest person here.
Did you notice what Tom was doing?
I'm the oldest of three children.
I enjoyed listening to Tom's band.
I'm very happy with the decision.
Tom is going back to Boston today.
I'm very familiar with that.
Tom isn't allowed to come in here.
I've already been there and back.
I've been saying that for months.
Tom never told me how he met Mary.
I've lived here for thirty years.
Tom should be the next to do that.
Don't let me catch you doing that.
I actually think Tom remembered me.
I actually play piano really well.
I actually play piano quite well.
I actually play piano pretty well.
I actually play piano fairly well.
I seriously doubt Tom will do that.
I almost had a nervous breakdown.
I showed Tom how he should do that.
I apologize for not coming sooner.
I apologize for not doing this sooner.
Tom and Mary got married last year.
I can't wait until Monday morning.
Tom is hardly ever home on Mondays.
Tom is seldom home on Mondays.
I could've written it much better.
Tom is quite good at skateboarding.
I don't agree with that statement.
I don't agree with what you just said.
Tom is the one who invited me here.
I don't expect many major changes.
Did you hear Tom leave this morning?
I don't remember when it happened.
I seriously doubt Tom will be there.
I don't think I'd change anything.
It's been years since I've seen Tom.
I don't think about anything else.
Tom and Mary were still married back then.
I have good hand-eye coordination.
Tom doesn't want to hurt you.
Tom went out to calm down.
Mary has French and German nationality.
Tom must've gone fishing alone.
I should've bought Tom a present.
I should've bought a present for Tom.
I'm not saying it's not possible.
I'm not saying that it's not possible.
That isn't something I would've done.
That's not something I would've done.
That isn't something I would want to do.
That's not something I would want to do.
That isn't something I can do.
That isn't something I want to do.
That isn't something I know how to do.
That's not something I know how to do.
Tom did that for a couple of months.
I haven't been sleeping that well.
Tom does all his homework at school.
Tom doesn't play the guitar anymore.
I just don't think it's necessary.
Tom gave Mary money to buy a ticket.
I'm really enjoying the challenge.
Tom is stronger than the rest of us.
I've been waiting for three years.
Tom isn't going to bother you again.
I've never really understood this.
Tom isn't the only one who's asleep.
I've read that book several times.
I've read all of these books several times each.
Tom likes talking about butterflies.
We still have a little money left.
I don't have much money left.
Tom looked at Mary and then laughed.
Have you had any serious illnesses?
Tom may have already read this book.
I don't like wasting people's time.
Tom must've been three at that time.
I'm still not completely convinced.
Tom pointed to the book on the desk.
I've been doing this my whole life.
Tom probably won't do that tomorrow.
I've read every one of those books.
Tom sent Mary next door to get help.
I don't think that changes anything.
Tom should be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom should be here tomorrow by 2:30.
That seems like a stupid idea to me.
Tom told Mary to go to the hospital.
Very few people know how to do that.
Only a few people know how to do that.
Tom wanted to make sure Mary was OK.
I don't want there to be any trouble.
Tom will have that fixed in no time.
I look forward to watching you dance.
Tom will have that fixed right away.
I have about thirty second cousins.
Don't let Tom know what you're doing.
Most people wouldn't want to do that.
I don't know if Tom is even here yet.
I don't know if Tom is here yet.
That sounds like a potential problem.
I don't remember Tom telling me that.
This desk cost three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary have a close friendship.
All three of those men are carpenters.
Tom couldn't do what he wanted to do.
Tom couldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom didn't tell me who he was looking for.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary spend.
I wasn't surprised when Tom showed up at the party because Mary told me he'd be coming.
I don't think doing that is necessary.
Tom got into the truck and drove off.
I had to drive myself to the hospital.
Tom has decided to do that after all.
Your story is funnier than the saleman's.
Your story is funnier than that of the salesman.
Tom has an important job.
Close the drawer.
How will I know if I'm wrong?
How do I know if I'm wrong?
I've never felt discriminated against.
Tom has no idea what I'm going to do.
It wouldn't have been safe to do that.
Tom has probably already gone to bed.
It's hard to find the time to do that.
It'll be hard to find the time to do that.
May I turn on the light?
May I turn on the lights?
Is it OK if I turn on the lights?
You should listen to what I want to say.
It snows again.
You were sharpening the knives.
We live in the best of all possible worlds.
How much does the watch cost?
I am very angry.
The waltz and the samba are dances.
I eat all day.
I eat blue pasta and drink apple cider.
Punctuality is the courtesy of kings.
Why, in aviation, are there life vests instead of parachutes?
Are there authentic Chinese restaurants in France?
Are there differences between the manner of thinking for men and that of women?
Is there something in this box?
Is there something which needs attention?
There isn't any other method?
Are there any difficulties?
Are there apple tarts at the corner bakery?
Is there anything living on Mars?
I've had enough of your stupid gossip.
The rain stops soon.
Are we allowed to let our dogs run freely?
Thursday we went hiking.
May I study Esperanto soon?
There are cows in the village.
Sausage is delicious.
The modern-day Georgian writing system is called Mkhedruli and has letters
I don't doubt the reliability of his information because it comes from a trustworthy person.
Peter got up from the table, silently poured out his glass, then sat down again.
It snowed again in Germany. Unfortunately, our driver has had an accident. The delivery will be a little late. Nevertheless, Happy Easter!
Let us drink to friendship!
The girl shook her head in refusal and the boy stood there shaking.
What are you going to watch?
Put yourself at ease. I'll just be a minute.
The children treated the books roughly.
The brain is a very complex organ.
Where are you from? – I am from France.
The defeat still bothers me.
Mary stood on tiptoes and kissed her cheek.
Mary made a clothes line out of a cord.
We're going to share.
I'm sorry. I thought I heard bananas. Do you want a bowl of fresh strawberries to go with your waffles?
I have fond memories of whipped cream. Alas, my new diet won't allow it.
The jogger found the body in the bushes, but it was just old gym clothes.
No murder had been committed. For years. Exactly years. As a homicide detective in the employ of a small mountainous town, this gravely concerned Tom.
Tom started work on a cold case file that was years old.
"Mary, is there a legal term defined as 'Per translationem culpa posito sanguine'?" "No, Tom, you just made that up." "Mary, you're under arrest for the murder of Richard Britteridge." "Do you mean one of the original Mayflower passengers?" "Where were you on the night of Wednesday, December 20th, 1620?"
Who is your favorite pianist?
In the shop, we sell Jamaican flowers.
Steady yourself.
His argument was fierce.
Tom neared the mountain peak.
Tom hiked every weekend.
The trick is to carry enough water in the desert so there's no chance of dying of thirst.
Snails are slow.
It better not happen again.
Wouldn't it be cool to live there?
Wouldn't it be cool to live here?
Be a good boy and wait here.
Not so loud, you idiot!
Wash your hands first.
Tom was late to the party.
Tom started cooking his own meals to save money.
This is so lame.
We must catch the culprit.
Tom lives in a rent-controlled apartment.
Mary has a perfect hourglass figure.
Go to bed and get some rest.
All the guys drool over her.
Don't snap at me!
Tom decided to run away from home.
Mary decided to run away from home.
Pop music blared from the speakers.
Is that a hickey?
On the mountaintop, Tom noticed that the ants were getting toppled over by strong gusts of wind.
Tom, Mary's boyfriend, found a plastic bottle on the mountaintop and took it with him to dispose of it properly.
"What's your nationality?" "Polish."
He reminded me of you.
Tom ate ramen.
Tom cooked Mary's favorite dish.
Mary cooked Tom's favorite dish.
Forget about robotics. Not even the beetle can find sure footing and stumbles randomly.
Tom cooked Mary her favorite dish.
This is going on your permanent record!
If you continue to misbehave, it will go on your permanent record.
This is going on your permanent record.
Tom goes hiking every weekend.
You don't have to be so harsh.
I'm glad that wasn't me.
You really got your hooks into him, didn't you?
Come back to bed.
Tom ate the rest of the pizza.
Where would you most like to be right now?
The police think that Tom did it.
The police think she did it.
The police think you did it.
The police think that Tom knows who did it.
Just let the police handle it.
People talk about interesting and introspective subjects when hiking.
Don't tell him that!
Don't tell her that!
Tom socked Mary in the arm.
Mary had a sneaking suspicion that Kate had met up with Tom after the party.
Tom had a sneaking suspicion that Mary had met up with John after the party.
It wasn't just a fling.
No need to be so formal.
She never told me she was engaged.
Tom never told me he was engaged.
I think Tom probably knows who did that.
I think that Tom probably knows who did that.
Tom's legs and stride are stronger on the hiking trail than last year.
Tom is a bad judge of character.
Tom has signed a three-year contract.
Most people wouldn't do that that way.
One of the names on the list was mine.
Tom is still working on his computer.
The teacher began to ask us questions.
Tom is the smartest kid in our class.
I bought this hat when I was in Boston.
Tom is waiting for you in his office.
I don't feel like playing tennis today.
Tom needs to talk to Mary about that.
Tom and Mary have only been married for a few years.
Tom and Mary got married last October.
"Hey, you were on the trail last week." "Yes! I've come back for more damage!"
"Is that a crow or a raven?" "If it's majestic, it's a raven. If it's at a 7-11, it's a crow."
Just before sunset, Mary parked at the trailhead and walked in half a mile. She took a picture of a rabbit and one of the mountain. She went home and posted on social media that she'd been hiking all day.
I will be in my office at ten o'clock.
Tom was enjoying a tartine when the telephone rang.
Tom backed out of the room.
Tom talks about his work.
His face is riddled with freckles.
It was Earth Day yesterday.
No need to apologize.
Let me help you with these bags.
Let me help, too.
You need to eat if you want to get strong.
Tom couldn't do even one push-up when he started training.
Tom decided to serve Mary breakfast in bed.
Tom burned the pancakes.
Flip the pancake over.
Tom leaned on the window-sill.
We should definitely hang out sometime.
Were you fighting with Tom?
Tom has a solid alibi.
I can't eat all that by myself.
The power's back.
It's a blackout.
Tom! what have you done?
Do you mind if I come over?
Tom and John are often mistaken for brothers.
Mary and Alice are often mistaken for sisters.
Tom placed flowers on Mary's grave.
Tom and Mary took the train together.
The exams are finally over.
This noise is driving me insane.
Tom didn't know a single person in the room.
Remember, you promised.
Everything came together at the last minute.
The campus is beautiful.
Tom and Mary had been carrying on a torrid affair for years.
Tom had a torrid affair with a coworker.
I feel like I've seen him before.
I feel like I've seen her before.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you for a while.
I wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley.
Doesn't that seem a little suspicious?
Tom fixed his hair.
Mary was in the bathroom, fixing her hair.
How have I never heard of this guy?!
Stop staring like that.
He's a rather handsome man.
He's a rather handsome man, isn't he?
It can't get worse than this.
I talked to Tom's mother.
It took me forever to do my hair.
Tom has been suspended until further notice.
None of the rumors were true.
I wonder where he's off to.
I wonder where he's off to now.
I wonder where she's off to.
I think I know who started the rumor.
Tom launched himself at John.
Tom wiped his hand on his trousers.
Tom wiped his hand on his jeans.
Tom wiped his hand on his pants.
Mary slapped Tom's hand away.
My glasses are fogging up.
Mary wiped Tom's face with a handkerchief.
Mary wiped Tom's nose with a handkerchief.
Mary ironed Tom's shirts.
Tom suddenly blushed and looked away.
Mary suddenly blushed and looked away.
You said I was handsome.
Tom, we talked about this.
Tom has a miniature refrigerator in his room.
Tom has a mini-fridge in his room.
Was I supposed to laugh?
Tom filled the cooler with ice.
Where do you want to be in ten years?
Tom wiped his hands on his pants.
Tom wiped his hands on his trousers.
Tom is slacking off again.
I auditioned for a role in the Arab movie, but, unfortunately, without a beard I just didn't look the part.
Fine, I'll do it.
Try and set a good example.
Tom and Mary converted the extra bedroom into a home office.
Let's take it out for a spin.
I guarantee that's not going to happen.
I guarantee that isn't going to happen.
Tom gave this ring to me.
Tom pulled the blanket over his head.
I've been meaning to ask you something.
I couldn't see Tom from where I stood.
If you need help, feel free to call us.
I didn't know what Tom wanted from me.
It only took us three hours to do that.
I think I've persuaded Tom to do that.
Don't let me catch you doing that again.
I thought you wanted to talk with Tom.
I definitely think that's what happened.
I'm sure Tom won't do anything stupid.
I'm not particularly good at doing that.
If I don't do that, Tom probably will.
It's unfortunate that that happened.
Let's not keep Tom waiting any longer.
There are many people who can't do that.
Most people wouldn't do what Tom does.
Would you prefer to do that by yourself?
Tom and his brother did that together.
I don't feel like going out this evening.
Tom cut down a tree in his front yard.
Not very many people know how to do that.
Tom is in his room doing his homework.
Will you help me decide which one to buy?
Tom is still not completely convinced.
I don't feel like playing chess right now.
Tom wanted Mary to be honest with him.
I'm going to have my eyes tested tomorrow.
Have you ever heard Tom sing in French?
A lot of people drowned when the ship sank.
I didn't know what Tom was looking for.
I bet you weren't expecting that to happen.
I don't know what Tom is afraid of.
I had more important things to worry about.
I know Tom a lot better than Mary does.
I just don't think doing that is necessary.
I wonder who taught Tom how to do that.
I seriously doubt we'll be able to do that.
Is it true that Tom has been to Boston?
I should've just walked away, but I didn't.
Is it true that Tom was born in Boston?
I'm not sure whether that'll happen or not.
Something strange happened to me yesterday.
Tom has an umbrella just like this one.
Can you teach me how to apologize in French?
Do you know what the temperature outside is?
Tom has changed his will several times.
Even though I didn't want to do that, I did.
Tom has many things he has to do today.
I can't remember my parents ever hitting me.
Tom is likely to find a way to do that.
I can't stay here long, and neither can you.
Tom likes listening to classical music.
I have more important things to worry about.
Tom lives thirty miles from the border.
I might've had too much to drink last night.
Tom may not have finished his homework.
If I had enough money, I'd buy that for you.
Tom must be very proud of his children.
It wasn't long before I was able to do that.
Tom plays both baseball and basketball.
Maybe this isn't the right place to do this.
Tom poured a cup of coffee for himself.
There are a lot of people who can't do that.
Tom promised to write to me every week.
There's a possibility that that'll happen.
Maybe Tom will let us stay at his place.
This ring is the one Tom gave me.
My guess is that Tom will do that today.
A lot of people were injured in the accident.
Stop calling me Tom. That's not my name.
Have you wrapped all your Christmas presents?
Tom and I are going to Boston next week.
I'd love to go fishing with you this weekend.
Tom didn't give you a hard time, did he?
I'm going to stay home today and read a book.
Tom didn't know whether to laugh or not.
It's been almost a year since I've done that.
Tom got back just in time for Christmas.
Love doesn't guarantee a successful marriage.
Tom has been waiting for you since 2:30.
Luckily, I didn't have to make that decision.
Tom has probably already read this book.
Maybe you should take the children somewhere.
Tom is just a typical thirteen-year old.
We have to figure out what we should do next.
Tom is very meticulous about everything.
Why do things like this keep happening to us?
Tom isn't a very good basketball player.
As much as I hated to admit it, I was worried.
Tom likes his coffee with lots of sugar.
Do you think I'll be able to get into Harvard?
Tom likes to be the center of attention.
Don't you ever wear any color other than black?
Tom lives on the other side of the city.
I didn't see you at the party the other night.
Tom was the one who did all the talking.
I pulled the car over to the side of the road.
I guess we should've told Tom about that.
I suggest we concentrate on getting this done.
I guess we should've told Tom what to do.
I think that accident could've been prevented.
I heard a couple girls talking about Tom.
Where do these new music genres come from?
Do you like folk music?
Don't play with fire!
I'll stay here and keep you company.
Why do people do bad things?
Tom took his new car out for a spin.
Mary gave him ten euros.
I understand the words, but not the meaning.
I'm going to mop this up.
We ask to you put on your seat belts!
If you want to live healthily, you must eat healthily.
Tom seemed so poor and so sad.
I'm completely crazy.
A good tool decreases the work by half.
With knowledge, doubt grows.
Nobody dies without heirs.
Life is an eternal fight.
I need her help.
Grim horror seized me, and aghast I stood.
Uprose the image of my father dear, / as there I see the monarch, bathed in blood, / like him in prowess and in age his peer. / Uprose Creusa, desolate and drear, / Iulus' peril, and a plundered home.
I look around for comrades; none are near. / Some o'er the battlements leapt headlong, some / sank fainting in the flames; the final hour was come.
That was a huge and real breakthrough.
A poor student who wants to be able to attend college without getting into debt is called a freeloader who wants to sponge off taxpayers. A rich student who can attend college without getting into debt because they happen to have won the birth lottery is called "from a good family".
I stood alone, when lo, in Vesta's fane / I see Tyndarean Helen, crouching down. / Bright shone the blaze around me, as in vain / I tracked my comrades through the burning town.
Their commendable economic policies lure vulnerable individuals into supporting their harmful social policies.
Their commendable social policies lure vulnerable individuals into supporting their harmful economic policies.
There, mute, and, as the traitress deemed, unknown, / dreading the Danaan's vengeance, and the sword / of Trojans, wroth for Pergamus o'erthrown, / dreading the anger of her injured lord, / sat Troy's and Argos' fiend, twice hateful and abhorred.
We went to the movies.
We had fun shopping.
Let's forget about what just happened.
Tom's car has air conditioning.
This hotel room has air conditioning.
Mary is the talk of the town.
The cat played with the toy mouse.
Do you want to skip class?
Tom skipped class.
Tom and Mary skipped class.
Don't skip class.
Tom paid with his credit card.
We went shopping for clothes.
Does your brother pick on you a lot?
Does your sister pick on you a lot?
Tom got the lead role.
Mary got the lead role.
Use a spellchecker.
Then, fired with passion and revenge, I burn / to quit Troy's downfall and exact the fee / such crimes deserve.
Tom and Mary have the same last name.
Tom helped with the dishes.
The girls went shopping.
She drove me crazy.
What happened was my fault.
You have every right to be angry with me.
You have every right to be angry at me.
Can you come get me?
Your body is amazing.
You have a beautiful body.
The girls went shopping together.
They were so happy to be together again.
Tom and Mary were happy to be together again.
The door was ajar.
Some classes are easier than others.
I have a paper due tomorrow.
Don't procrastinate.
Time is valuable.
Mary smiled nervously.
Let's forget this whole thing happened.
Let's just forget this whole thing happened.
Tom likes muscle cars.
It's no use playing dumb.
She does that sometimes.
He does that sometimes.
I'm getting my cast off today.
Tom drives a sports car.
Tom went shopping with his girlfriend.
Tom watched TV all day.
Tom ate pizza for breakfast.
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.
Mary has shiny blonde hair.
Sooth, then, shall she return / to Sparta and Mycenae, ay, and see / home, husband, sons and parents, safe and free, / with Ilian wives and Phrygians in her train, / a queen, in pride of triumph? Shall this be, / and Troy have blazed and Priam's self been slain, / and Trojan blood so oft have soaked the Dardan plain?
Tom asked Mary to babysit John.
Tom came home and did his homework.
Tom said a quick prayer.
Instead of sitting here, let's sit over there.
I saw Tom leave about thirty minutes ago.
Please write your name at the top of the page.
Tom and Mary have a strange relationship.
Are you sure you don't want to do that with us?
Tom climbed into the truck and drove off.
For dinner, we ate the fish we caught that day.
Tom didn't have time to finish the story.
I don't know how I can ever repay you for this.
Tom's parents were killed in a car accident.
Tom is a social butterfly.
Mary is a social butterfly.
Tom makes his own bread.
Tom has a bread machine.
Everyone loves fresh bread.
Tom was kneading the dough.
I don't like it when owls start hooting too early in the day.
Every joint in Tom's body was sore from hiking.
He choked on a piece of toast.
See, that wasn't so difficult, was it?
Tom started drooling.
Tom likes chimpanzees.
Tom was a hippie.
The fruit began to ferment.
Tom makes his own organic energy bars.
Mary doesn't like science-fiction.
Supper is cold.
This cheese stinks.
The orange is withered.
Your jeans aren't dry yet.
The dog needs a bath.
The potatoes started to sprout.
This food additive is toxic.
I'm sick of seeing the number ten everywhere.
Don't look at the dog in the eye.
The base is surrounded.
The grocery store was so expensive that Tom put a down-payment on a cucumber.
In half a mile, turn left on Main Street.
Tom has been unemployed for three months.
I never would've guessed you'd want to do that.
Tom has decided he wants to learn French.
It only took a few hours to climb the mountain.
Tom is only here about three hours a day.
That was the most exciting thing I'd ever done.
Tom played the banjo when he was younger.
That's the best thing that ever happened to me.
Tom put his books back into his knapsack.
What we're going to do today is go for a walk.
The dozen animal signs in the Chinese zodiac come from the eleven kinds of animals found in nature: the rat, the bull, the tiger, the hare, the snake, the horse, the lamb, the monkey, the rooster, the dog, and the pig -- and the mythical dragon; they are used as a calendar.
Tom doesn't like science fiction.
Tom was the only boy in the class.
Let's just forget that this whole thing happened.
Let's forget that this whole thing happened.
Tom helped wash the dishes.
I wonder where Tom is off to.
I wonder where Tom is going.
I wonder where Tom bought that hat.
I wonder where Tom is going to be this afternoon.
I wonder where Tom learned how to speak French so well.
I wonder where Tom is off to now.
This campus is beautiful.
Tom didn't know anybody in the room.
The university where I teach has a beautiful campus.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing seat belts.
You're still not completely convinced, are you?
I could see Tom from where I was standing.
Do you always take so long to answer a question?
I doubt that Tom really meant what he said.
I feel really bad about what happened yesterday.
It looked like Tom was having a good time.
It took me three years finish building my house.
It's been over a year since I've seen Tom.
The food at that restaurant is too spicy for me.
Mary's boyfriend is older than her father.
You can watch TV after you finish your homework.
Perhaps Tom should've done that yesterday.
How long will this three hundred dollars last us?
Tom really should talk to Mary about that.
I could've been a professional basketball player.
Tom was the one who planted these flowers.
I don't know what that means and I don't want to.
Ask Tom what time he wants us to get there.
I need to go get myself cleaned up before dinner.
I caught Tom stealing apples from our tree.
Everyone in the village plans to be at the picnic.
Tom asked Mary to go next door to get help.
I honestly don't know what's going to happen next.
Tom began studying French a few months ago.
If those men knew who I was, they'd stop laughing.
Tom didn't give me what he was supposed to.
This isn't the first time this has happened to us.
Tom has known Mary much longer than I have.
Don't just stand there. Come over here and help us.
Tom is strong enough to do that by himself.
Let me know when you figure out what we need to do.
I didn't tell Tom what I was planning to do.
To be honest with you, I don't think I can do that.
It's been almost a year since I've seen Tom.
That's probably the last thing Tom would do.
I'm sorry, but I'm not who you think I am.
I'm glad that we accomplished what we set out to do.
Tom didn't say anything as he left the room.
Some children about your age are over there playing.
Tom has tried to commit suicide three times.
There are a lot of people who don't like doing that.
Tom will only be here for about three hours.
Tom and Mary were both wearing seat belts.
What we're going to do today isn't going to be easy.
What we're going to do today won't be easy.
Tom probably wouldn't have died if he'd been wearing his seatbelt.
"Not so; though glory wait not on the act; / though poor the praise, and barren be the gain, / vengeance on feeble woman to exact, / yet praised hereafter shall his name remain, / who purges earth of such a monstrous stain. / Sweet is the passion of vindictive joy, / sweet is the punishment, where just the pain, / sweet the fierce ardour of revenge to cloy, / and slake with Dardan blood the funeral flames of Troy."
So mused I, blind with anger, when in light / apparent, never so refulgent seen, / my mother dawned irradiate on the night, / confessed a Goddess, such her form, and mien / and starry stature of celestial sheen. / With her right hand she grasped me from above, / and thus with roseate lips:
Seán plays Gaelic football every Saturday.
Do you prefer Gaelic football or hurling?
Mary plays camogie with the local club.
Camogie is a team sport played by women that is almost identical to hurling.
What are the differences between hurling and camogie?
In Ireland, people usually refer to Gaelic football as just "football", while referring to association football as "soccer".
Every week, I have to cut the grass.
"O son, what mean / these transports? Say, what bitter grief doth move / thy soul to rage untamed? Where vanished is thy love?"
"Wilt thou not see, if yet thy sire survive, / worn out with age, amid the war's alarms? / And if thy wife Creusa be alive, / and young Ascanius? for around thee swarms / the foe, and but for my protecting arms, / fierce sword or flame had swept them all away."
Why does everyone like him so much?
Why does everyone like her so much?
Why does everyone hate him so much?
Why does everyone hate her so much?
What kind of books do you like to read?
You must have a lot of time on your hands.
Tom sharpened his pencil.
It's only awkward if you make it so.
It's only awkward if you make it awkward.
I admire Tom's work ethic.
Tom snapped his pencil.
Are you and Tom going out tonight?
Tom called me out of the blue.
Tom called me out of the blue one day.
I just assumed he was your boyfriend.
I just assumed she was his girlfriend.
Tom is restocking the shelves.
I don't know him from Adam.
The evenings can be chilly.
Tom has not had an easy life.
Mary has not had an easy life.
Tom is going through a rough patch.
Mary is going through a rough patch.
Tom wrote Mary a fan letter.
Soon, Tom lost count of the sheep and fell asleep.
That's a real bummer.
We talked all the time.
Tom taught me something valuable.
Mary taught me something valuable.
Tom was paralyzed with fear.
Mary was paralyzed with fear.
I just can't.
Mary has a lithe body.
You lucky dog.
You lucky devil.
He's probably just embarrassed.
She's probably just embarrassed.
This ballerina has a lithe body.
Tom was impressed by Mary's magic trick.
Have you tried just telling him?
Have you tried just telling her?
"Not oft-blamed Paris, nor the hateful charms / of Helen; Heaven, unpitying Heaven to-day / hath razed the Trojan towers and reft the Dardan sway."
My parents get really mad when they argue.
Tom seemed tormented.
Why? Why did she have to die?
Why? Why did he have to die?
Why did she have to die?
Why did he have to die?
It will be dark by the time we come back.
How did you know Tom was born in Boston?
How did you know that Tom was born in Boston?
I want to know everything there is to know about you.
You wouldn't want Tom to do that, would you?
If you have any suggestions, please email them to me.
Ask Tom how many people will be at his party.
I find it hard to believe that that's going to happen.
By this time tomorrow, Tom will be in Boston.
My own brother can't even pronounce my name correctly.
Does Tom know you want to buy a new computer?
Of course, I should've known this was going to happen.
Tom tried out the massage chair at the store.
People were starting to stare.
People are starting to stare.
Tom, you need to stop. People are starting to stare.
People were starting to stare at us.
What are you doing in this neck of the woods?
Nobody knew who I was.
I really appreciate what you did for me.
I really appreciate what you've done for me.
I really appreciate everything you've done for me.
Tom seemed somewhat relieved.
Obviously we have to figure out what we should do next.
I couldn't see Tom from where I was standing.
This project should be finished by this time next year.
I didn't think we'd be seeing so much of Tom.
There is no reason to shout.
There isn't any reason to get upset.
I can't find my jacket.
I'm learning Klingon to scare normal people.
I think we should get together and discuss that problem.
I think Tom and Mary were talking about John.
It's hard for me to believe that that's going to happen.
There's a possibility that Tom will be there.
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.
I'm not sure whether Tom will be there or not.
I observe a chimpanzee peel a banana and eat it.
Is it true that our genetic heritage is almost the same as that of chimpanzees?
We estimate that there are several fossils in these giant rocks.
What's the point, after all, of leaving traces? Are the dinosaurs happier because we find their fossils?
We consider it a fossil of the German political landscape.
Do you know how many people will be at the party tonight?
Tom had to walk home after his car broke down.
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about doing that.
Tom is one of the richest people in the world.
We need to think about what'll happen if we don't do that.
Tom is wearing a coat that is too large for him.
Instead of going to Boston next summer, let's go to Chicago.
Tom will probably be late for school tomorrow.
My three-year-old daughter asked me to take her to the park.
Ask Tom where he wants you to put his suitcase.
What have you asked?
"So, you are a railway engineer, and you've been fired from your railroad... Why?" "Because I slapped my boss."
They fell behind.
You had to stay at home.
Tom's teacher asked him to read the poem he'd written to the class.
I have the afternoon off today, so I plan to go to the park, sit under a tree and read a book.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning, so I missed my bus.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning, so I was late for school.
What does IMHO mean?
It would be unwise to do that.
I forgot to put Tom's name on the list.
Heaven helps those who help themselves.
"I'm from Boston. Where are you from?" "I'm from Chicago."
Lead is much heavier than aluminum.
Over the summer months, Tom began to seriously study Esperanto.
I am very proud of him.
"Look now, for I will clear the mists that shroud / thy mortal gaze, and from the visual ray / purge the gross covering of this circling cloud. / Thou heed, and fear not, whatsoe'er I say, / nor scorn thy mother's counsels to obey."
He heard the voice.
"Here, where thou seest the riven piles o'erthrown, / mixt dust and smoke, rock torn from rock away, / great Neptune's trident shakes the bulwarks down, / and from its lowest base uproots the trembling town."
"Here, girt with steel, the foremost in the fight, / fierce Juno stands, the Scaean gates before, / and, mad with fury and malignant spite, / calls up her federate forces from the shore."
"See, on the citadel, all grim with gore, / red-robed, and with the Gorgon shield aglow, / Tritonian Pallas bids the conflict roar."
What would you like Santa to bring you?
Would you like to study abroad?
I should go make sure everything is ready.
Tom typed his username and password.
Tom typed in his username and password.
I love adventure.
Tom and Mary hung up posters for the bake sale.
Mary's eyes twinkled.
You're the one who mentioned it in the first place.
Tom gave Mary the benefit of doubt.
Can I tag along?
Can we tag along?
Don't leave any valuables in your lockers.
Don't leave any valuables in your hotel room.
Tom knows all the cool spots in town.
Tom has a dark past.
Tom is a cosplayer.
I plan to go home by myself.
Tom doesn't need to take off his shoes.
I looked out the window, but it was too dark to see anything.
I don't know if it was Tom who did that or not.
Even if I'd been allowed to do that, I probably wouldn't have.
Perhaps Tom and Mary will become close friends.
How can you stand wearing such a heavy coat on such a hot day?
That's probably the last thing Tom wants to do.
Perhaps if you'd given me ample warning, I could've been ready.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with me.
As I looked around, I noticed everybody else was already writing.
Tom is going to stay there as long as possible.
Even though I knew I didn't know how to do that, I tried doing it.
Tom parked his car in the lot behind the store.
How many times have I reminded you not to go out by yourself after dark?
Tom put some presents under the Christmas tree.
If you want to leave now, then you'll have to find someone else to drive you home.
If you want to leave now, then you'll have to find somebody else to drive you home.
I might not have as much time to read as you do, but I do read whenever I get the chance.
Tom doesn't need to attend today's meeting.
Mary is a cosplayer.
Tom and Mary ate dumplings.
Mr. Jackson teaches music.
Tom donated blood.
That book over there is mine.
Tom doesn't study much.
Mr. Jackson is a music teacher.
Tom drank a little water.
Mr. Jackson is my homeroom teacher.
Tom doesn't want us to go.
There were a lot of children in the park.
Tom doesn't need to apologize.
Mr. Jackson teaches us music.
Where do you like to hang out with your friends?
Who is your favorite comedian?
What's your favorite time of the day?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done?
How often do you drink at home?
Tom doesn't really seem happy.
I'd like to get a dog.
Tom doesn't want to cook today.
I don't like listening to people complaining.
Tom wasn't able to start his car.
Everybody kept quiet.
I promised Tom I'd wait for him.
Tom doesn't need to come tomorrow.
What's your family like?
Tom doesn't really seem convinced.
What's your favorite quote?
Tom doesn't go swimming very often.
What's your favorite smell?
Tom doesn't really like doing that.
Where do you get your news?
Tom doesn't seem to agree with you.
Where do you want to retire?
Tom doesn't drink coffee very often.
Why do you like wearing hats?
Tom doesn't want to fight with Mary.
What's your go-to comfort food?
I saw Tom throwing rocks at your dog.
Where will you be in three years?
Tom doesn't want Mary to participate.
What's your favorite sports team?
Tom doesn't want to do anything else.
What's your favorite comedy movie?
Tom speaks French better than you do.
What's your favorite vacation place?
Tom doesn't understand why we did that.
What's your most valuable possession?
Tom isn't the only one who's done that.
When was the last time you were lost?
The boy wearing the blue sweater is Tom.
What's the best book you've ever read?
I didn't think Tom would get here in time.
Who are you closest to in your family?
That guy over there dressed in black is Tom.
When was the last time you climbed a tree?
Tom became a French teacher three years ago.
Where did you live before moving to Boston?
Tom didn't ask when the meeting would begin.
Where do you want to live after you retire?
Where do you think Tom wants to go to college?
When was the last time you dreamed about me?
I never would've guessed that Tom could do that.
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
I showed Tom the pictures that I took yesterday.
What's the worst movie you've ever paid to see?
Tom is the only one here who can't speak French.
What's your relationship with your father like?
Tom married the most beautiful girl in the city.
When was the last time you stayed up all night?
Even though Tom is my neighbor, I seldom see him.
When was the last time you tried something new?
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't want to do that.
Who in your family are you the most similar to?
Tom died in Boston in when he was years old.
When was the last time you slept more than ten hours?
Tom has something he neeeds to do this afternoon.
Tom wouldn't even let his wife apply for the job.
Would you rather go sailing or swimming this afternoon?
'"E'en Jove with strength reanimates the foe, / and stirs the powers of heaven to work the Dardan's woe."
"Haste, son, and fly; the fruitless toil give o'er. / I will not leave thee, but assist thy flight, / and set thee safely at thy father's door."
She spake, and vanished in the gloom of night.
Dread shapes and forms terrific loomed in sight, / and hostile deities, whose faces frowned / destruction.
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.
You can not easily catch a perch.
Then, amid the lurid light, / I see Troy sinking in the flames around, / and mighty Neptune's walls laid level with the ground.
I am preparing to sleep.
We spend a third of our lives sleeping.
Tom is a young professional.
Tom and Mary are young professionals.
Let me carry it for you.
It's true. I saw it on TV.
Don't believe everything you see on TV.
Tom lives far away from the city.
Gaia is a European Space Agency astronomy mission whose primary goals are to: (1) measure the positions and velocity of approximately one billion stars; (2) determine the brightness, temperature, composition, and motion through space of those stars; and, (3) create a three-dimensional map of the Milky Way galaxy.
Tom ignored his question.
Tom ignored her question.
Tom disappeared through the crowd.
Mary disappeared through the crowd.
Their eyes locked.
Tom was wearing his Squirrel T-shirt.
I probably would have done the same thing.
Plants remove carbon from the atmosphere.
The paramedics loaded Tom's limp body onto a stretcher.
The paramedics loaded Tom's body onto the stretcher.
Tom watched a YouTube video.
She can play the whole national anthem on the recorder.
Is it these glasses you're looking for?
His material is good quality.
Tom's parents cheer him on at his soccer game.
Mary felt embarrassed by her mother.
Tom felt embarrassed by his mother.
Tom doesn't often wear a necktie.
Tom drank a lot more than I did.
Tom drank a lot more than me.
Fertilizers help plants grow.
Even if I'd been invited to Tom's party, I probably wouldn't have gone.
This farmer relies on beneficial insects for pest control.
Tom is an organic farmer.
The idea is gathering momentum.
Here, catch!
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.
Tom ran to catch up with Mary as she walked home.
You can keep it if you want.
Tom has spiky blond hair.
You don't need to know the details.
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.
I can't guarantee that's going to happen.
I don't care how it tastes.
Won't Tom get suspicious?
Mary gazed at her reflection in the mirror.
Mary gazed at her reflection in the glass.
Tom gazed at his reflection in the glass.
Tom gazed at his reflection in the mirror.
I don't know this.
Tom clipped his safety harness.
This is the first time that I've been so hurried that I've placed typos in a finished work.
Tom is a prolific fiction writer.
What happened to the days when books ruled the world?
It's true. Books really do have a Quixotic spell.
This novel was Tom's first bestseller.
In this snowy landscape everything looks different.
Life is a long path.
Why don't you ask me?
I work at school.
The origin of the universe has been studied by man since antiquity.
I prefer to drink coke instead of coffee.
Mary's brother found a pearl.
Tom isn't very good with chopsticks.
Is Tom a student here?
Tom was ticketed for passing on a yellow line.
Tom got a ticket for passing on a yellow line.
What's the oldest thing you own?
I could tell Tom wanted to kiss me, but he didn't.
What's the saddest movie you've ever seen?
I only threatened to shoot Tom. I didn't shoot him.
Tom is the only guy here who doesn't like baseball.
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
Tom managed to do everything he was supposed to do.
What's the scariest thing you've ever done?
From now on, let's do this the way Tom suggested.
What's the most dangerous thing you've ever done?
I have to figure out what Tom really wants me to do.
How many people do you think we should invite to our party?
I met Tom in 2013, the year he and Mary got married.
So, when an aged ash on mountain tall / stout woodmen strive, with many a rival blow, / to rend from earth; awhile it threats to fall, / with quivering locks and nodding head; now slow / it sinks and, with a dying groan lies low, / and spreads its ruin on the mountain side.
Down from the citadel I haste below, / through foe, through fire, the goddes for my guide. / Harmless the darts give way, the sloping flames divide.
Cottagers are in the middle of a busy season.
It's like some kind of magic.
First, faux research yields a faux answer to a clinical question. Then, faux education assures that doctors everywhere hear about it, so they can write millions of prescriptions based on the faux information. Bribes and kickbacks sometimes grease the skids.
But when Anchises' ancient home I gain, / my father, he, whom first, with loving care, / I sought and, heedful of my mother, fain / in safety to the neighbouring hills would bear, / disdains Troy's ashes to outlive and wear / his days in banishment.
"Fly ye, who may, / whom age hath chilled not, nor the years impair."
"For me, had Heaven decreed a longer day, / Heaven too had spared these walls, nor left my home a prey."
"Enough and more, to live when Ilion fell, / and once to see Troy captured."
"Leave me, pray, / and bid me, as a shrouded corpse, farewell. / For death, this hand will find for me the way, / or foes who spoil will pity me and slay. / Light is the loss of sepulchre or pyre."
Tom's wife is much younger than he is.
"Loathed have I lived and useless, since the day / when man's great monarch and the God's dread sire / breathed his avenging blast and scathed me with his fire."
My heart's still pounding.
Mary is a kind old lady.
Tom is a kind old man.
A lot of girls don't like Tom.
A lot of girls like Tom.
Lots of girls don't like Tom.
I overheard Tom saying that he was moving to Boston.
I'm sure Tom will do that for you if you ask him to.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform when I saw him today.
I needed to talk to Tom, so I went over to his house.
I'll probably be taller than Tom by my next birthday.
If things had been different, I might've married Tom.
Tom is the owner of the biggest ranch in these parts.
A permanent replacement for Tom hasn't been found yet.
Every time Tom visits Boston, he drops by for a visit.
Tom graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Tom listened to the sound of the rain.
I've never heard Tom sing in French.
I don't know many French songs.
You said you'd read me a book before bedtime.
I'm here to talk with you.
When Tom is at home, he doesn't want to talk about work.
I'm afraid of tomorrow.
This is the perfect day for an outing.
It's the perfect day for an outing.
Tom and Mary went to the county fair.
The hours passed much faster than I had expected.
Time passed by faster than Tom had expected.
Tom whispered in Mary's ear how much he loved her.
Tom found an interesting piece of driftwood on the beach.
Tom found a seagull feather on the beach.
Tom found a dead jellyfish on the beach.
Tom had already made some new friends.
Tom and Mary walked on the beach and searched for seashells and shellfish.
The monkeys tried to steal our food.
The weather was cloudy.
When we arrived, all the stores were closed.
We arrived tired and hungry.
Tom and Mary were exhausted from the long bus ride.
Please turn your textbooks to page 42.
Please turn to page in your textbooks.
Tom put his book down and went for a swim.
Mary put her book down and went for a swim.
Tom put his book into his beach bag.
Mary put her book into her beach bag.
The steaks were grilled to perfection.
Tom and Mary walked back to the camp.
Tom tried to hula hoop.
The hoop fell to the ground.
Tom has well-defined muscles.
Tom has a muscular body.
Get your body beach ready in two weeks with this new diet.
Dating your coworkers is a bad idea.
Why don't we play a game?
Smoke filled the room.
Is your hair color natural?
Tom couldn't stop talking about Mary.
Mary couldn't stop talking about Tom.
He was completely smitten.
She was completely smitten.
Were you checking me out?
Tom splashed Mary and she splashed him back.
Tom is writing an essay.
Do want to grab a cup of coffee or something?
Do you want to go and grab a cup of coffee?
Would you like to grab a cup of coffee sometime?
Want to grab a cup of coffee?
She didn't have to ask me twice.
He didn't have to ask me twice.
Tom didn't have to ask me twice.
Mary collects antique dolls.
Tom and Mary walked across campus.
Tom and Mary walked across campus together.
So spake he, on his purpose firmly bent. / We – wife, child, family and I – with prayer / and tears entreat the father to relent, / nor doom us all the common wreck to share, / and urge the ruin that the Fates prepare.
Mary was heartbroken when Tom broke up with her.
Tom was heartbroken when Mary broke up with him.
I don't have any plans for today.
Tom and Mary watched the fireworks together.
Tom and Mary went to the state fair.
Did he put the moves on you?
I really had a great time with you tonight.
"I really had a great time with you tonight." "I had a great time too."
Tom called his friends over.
He tried to put the moves on her.
Tom bakes his own bread.
Let's do it again sometime.
Tom and Mary baked a cake together.
Tom and Mary looked at the stars together.
All I wanted to do was kiss her.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the lips.
Would you like to hang out with me tomorrow?
He heeds not – stirs not.
Tom goes to a private school.
Tom attends public school.
Mary was a little upset that Tom had waited so long to call her.
Then again I fly / to arms – to arms, in frenzy of despair, / and long in utter misery to die. / What other choice was left, what other chance to try?
All I wanted to do was hold her close to me.
Tom switched off all the lights.
Tom switched off all the lights and lit the candles.
Maybe we could hang out again this weekend.
We could have another picnic.
"What, I to leave thee helpless, and to flee? / O father! could'st thou fancy it? Could e'er / a parent speak of such a crime to me?"
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she backed away.
Tom won't shut up about it.
You're way too excited about this.
How much did you pay for this skirt?
What time did you wake up this morning?
Where will you be at this time tomorrow?
It’s chaotic.
I still haven’t learned how to drive.
Some men don't know that.
Tom was totally overreacting.
Tom totally overreacted.
It must be fate.
Have you looked at yourself in a mirror lately?
How many sisters does he have have?
Do not walk on the grass.
We stay near the school.
Come on, Tom. We're leaving.
You must be very exhausted.
I was confused by her request.
Tom was confused by Mary's request.
I'm sorry. I didn't think you were serious.
Tears started flowing from her eyes.
Did you have fun with your friends?
Alcohol is dangerous.
The company was forced into bankruptcy.
Tom smiled mischievously.
Mary smiled mischievously.
There's something else that's been bothering me.
She's real cute.
He's real cute.
He wasn't really boyfriend material.
He wasn't exactly boyfriend material.
Tom did his homework and then went to bed.
He kissed her gently.
Their lips almost touched.
Mary leaned in to kiss him.
At first, I thought it was a joke.
"If Heaven of such a city naught should spare, / and thou be pleased that thou and thine should share / the common wreck, that way to death is plain. / Wide stands the door; soon Pyrrhus will be there, / red with the blood of Priam; he hath slain / the son before his sire, the father in the fane."
Keep your chin up, bitch, the May holidays approach!
Tom can talk for hours about the philosophy of holism.
Don't be afraid to be yourself.
I'm afraid Tom won't be able to walk again.
It's Tom's brother's birthday today?
The potato salad has gone bad.
I need coffee!
We both talked about Paris.
Is there a discount available?
I need sunshine!
Don't eat that if you want to live.
The telephone rang just when she was about to leave.
I would like this meeting to last less than ten minutes.
Go, Tom!
She's too fast.
Is there someone who's eating that?
She is too strong.
He is too fast.
The persimmon is a sweet fruit, slightly spicy with a soft and sometimes fibrous texture.
Take Tom for example!
A "gapers' delay" is a blocking of traffic caused by drivers who, out of curiosity, slow down to observe an accident.
The water is very hot.
Tom knows a bunch of things.
Tom was single.
Having a miscarriage means giving birth too soon.
Abortion is forbidden in numerous countries.
I observe that everyone who's for abortion is already born.
The way Tom talks annoys me.
He is irritating.
But that guy is irritating!
What an irritating person!
Of course, there are numerous further reasons why I like to live in the Netherlands.
In Russia, you wouldn't get away with that.
There are many unresolved problems.
What will you do if the secondhand stores and the flea markets don't take your books anymore?
Of all things, don't do that!
Nature is always saying something.
Understanding is feeling capable of doing.
Light is as necessary as water for plants.
Tom's brother hurt me.
Tom's brother found a knife.
Prohibition isn't taken seriously by anyone.
I made Tom scream.
I don't have water.
I don't have the water.
At first, I thought the same thing.
I want to translate the book. Do you want to help me for this job?
I should've paid attention.
You should've paid attention.
We should've paid attention.
This story is unbelievable.
This story isn't believable.
Listen up! Don't be so cheeky!
Listen up! Don't be so insolent!
I don't think your life is pathetic.
I don't find your life pathetic.
I like to kindly make fun of her.
I'm not the one who signed this letter.
It's about my mother.
I am asking you for patience.
I didn't wake up well this morning.
Where's my alliance?
There was no reason for that. Why did you do that?
Tom never goes to the restaurant.
I like eating black bread.
We have to eat white cheese.
His face is scattered with freckles.
Her face is scattered with freckles.
What are you a student in?
Tom is in senior year.
Thomas was reading a comic.
Can you lend me a manga?
Can you lend me a comic book?
You think I didn't notice?
Did you think I didn't notice anything?
Thomas felt a presence behind him.
It's my favorite sandwich.
It's my favourite sandwich.
I didn't think you knew my wife.
Thomas has a nasty personality.
She has a nasty personality.
Thomas is sensitive, intelligent and cultured.
Thomas is making a face.
Are you making a face?
Thomas changed into proper clothing.
Thomas threw his clothes into the dirty laundry basket.
What were the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World?
Be happy if you can, that's wisdom; making others happy is virtue.
In order to conduct oneself with wisdom, intelligence alone does not suffice.
Don't start over, please.
If death is inconceivable neither before, during, nor after itself, then when can we conceive it?
Urgency is the insistent immediate future, the future in the process of making itself the present.
It's true that it's cold.
It's true that it's hot.
Fascism is the hereditary enemy of every thought, whatever that thought may be.
Don't be stubborn like that.
The resemblance was striking.
Our team will take home the prize.
I'm four years older than my brother.
I'm a little achy.
His birthday is in either March or April.
Her birthday is in either March or April.
The robot I built isn't working.
I work so that my children can eat.
You're wearing the same socks as mine.
I'm going to read some books.
The kitchen is large.
These books are marvelous.
Hope is born from the apprehension of tomorrow.
The art of speech is, in the end, simply the art of persuasion.
I'm putting this letter in the folder.
The weather is dying down.
I won't say that.
Hurry to heal yourself before wanting to heal others.
Find your strength in the silence.
Death isn't death, my friends! It's change!
Aunt Mary, do you have some chocolate?
You have to eat to live, not to live to eat.
We are teaching you how to speak English.
The day started off very well.
Who hid my suspenders?
I can't find my suspenders.
Have you seen my suspenders?
Where are my suspenders?
Not so quickly, children, I'm not so young anymore!
Tom congratulated me.
Today, I knew everything the professor asked me.
Egoism - complaining about the egoism of others and not realizing one's own.
Life must be an incessant education, one must learn everything from one's first speech until death.
Asking for oranges on apple trees is a common illness.
Nobody wants to play chess with me.
When he's against me, Tom is an extremely enthusiastic chess player.
Yesterday, Tom was a little better than usual.
Please don't get angry!
I'll stop immediately.
I stop straight away.
Please don't get worked up!
Trade is the school of trickery.
Those who know how to suffer through everything can dare to do everything.
Necessity gives us obstruction of choice.
Botany is the art of drying out plants with pieces of paper and insulting them in Greek and Latin.
Advice which is easy to carry out is the most useful.
Give an egg to the lazy, they'll tell you to peel it.
Keep up the good fight.
Don't let capitalism undermine your soul.
Help others and help yourself.
Don't eat garbage.
Feed the hamster.
Tom was taken to the hospital. For two and a half weeks, his cat and hamsters were without food an water. The cat survived, but the hamsters did not.
Tom has been studious his entire life.
Tom cut up boxes and made cardboard houses for his two new kittens.
Tom took out the trash at 3:AM and witnessed a forty-pound raccoon standing by a garbage can.
A cochlear implant consists of a prosthesis in the internal ear which allows a deaf person to hear.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
He crossed the road at the red light.
Fortunately, he doesn't come here often. I don't like him very much.
Are you drunk yet?
How often do you and Tom hang out together?
I hate eating alone.
What's the nicest thing Tom has ever done for you?
Are these really yours?
I asked Tom if there was something I could buy for him.
Are you a morning person?
Tom studies French for an hour every day before dinner.
How many people are here?
Tom studies French for an hour every day before supper.
Do you work out regularly?
What're the chances that Tom will actually get the job?
How do you relax after work?
I make it a point to visit Tom every time I'm in Boston.
How often do you play sports?
Maybe Tom should go live with his grandparents in Boston.
What do you regret not doing?
Tom didn't really understand what you were trying to say.
Are you close to your parents?
Tom told Mary not to tell anyone about what had happened.
Are you usually early or late?
I didn't need to turn around to know Tom was following me.
How do you relax after school?
The way Tom did that is the same way I would've done that.
Tell me about your first kiss.
I haven't paid too much attention to what Tom's been doing.
What do you really love to do?
Tom will probably already be asleep by the time I get home.
What are your retirement plans?
It might've been better just to do what Tom asked you to do.
What do you feel most proud of?
Tom and Mary didn't do everything that John asked them to do.
Tom hasn't had an easy life.
I probably would've done the same thing.
I probably would've done it the same way as Tom did.
You don't need to shout.
It'll be dark by the time we get home.
Tom is probably just embarrassed.
I just assumed Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
I just assumed Tom was your boyfriend.
I assumed Mary was your girlfriend.
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
Why does everyone hate Tom so much?
Why does everybody hate Tom so much?
I have to mow the lawn once a week.
My hovercraft is full of jokes that have been overused to the point where only a small chuckle at best can be elicited from them.
I think I've seen that guy before.
Is there anything in this box?
I swear to God, if one more person here says "giant robot", you're all as good as dead.
Tom was too tired to care.
Tom, in a fit of rage, threw his bicycle off a cliff.
Tom died of heat exhaustion on the desert floor.
Tom's lung collapsed.
Tom severed his little toe in the motorcycle accident.
Tom accidentally drove his motorcycle through the glass door of a pastry shop.
Tom's bladder burst due to untreated venereal disease.
Tom was angry all the time.
Tom angrily hit the table with a stale baguette.
Tom's tartine was served with savory cheese, anchovies, capers, and fresh herbs. Suddenly, he changed his mind about robbing the bank that afternoon.
What constitutes a serious coffee addiction?
Tom ordered coffee and sat down next to the window. He began writing. "Josef Porqmaquer was born in the year in a small village north of London. Charles Chickenfoot, his future arch nemesis, entered the world a year later."
"Hey, Mary, is there such a thing as 'porkchurkey'? It's like a pig, chicken, and turkey combined. Some guys were sayin' it's real."
When we're together, I don't worry about the future.
I have to change my habits.
Forget our conversation.
I fear that is the truth.
That looks better in the picture than in reality.
Tom closed his eyes before he kissed Mary.
Do you also want to eat?
Mary needs sleep.
When he's at home, almost all lamps are on.
Did you give the food to the cat?
I'm scared of myself, because I know myself.
The matter can't wait: we have to make another decision today!
He doesn't have friends at all.
I speak Basque.
Tom has a strong upper body.
The eagle had a broken wing.
Did you explain everything to him?
He used to make us laugh with his jokes.
We've been here for a couple hours.
My hair was a mess.
Tom had an appointment with Mary.
You can have it for a bite of bread.
Mom buys a large slice of pork every Wednesday at the butcher's.
These figures are inaccurate.
Thread is the basic component of fabric.
Nobody is insulting you.
I can't stand coffee.
Everybody knows that the ears of an elephant are large.
Where are you going on holiday, Mrs. Fischer?
We don't know anyone here.
They like your photos a lot.
Do you like my car?
Tom's cat is dead.
The dog never stops barking.
The dog is licking the cat's ears.
Our cat is white with brown spots.
"Where are the wine bottles?" - "In the kitchen."
I found this knife. Who could it belong to?
I would like a room with two beds for a night, please.
Could you tell me where I could find a hotel?
They say that if a friendship exceeds eight years, it lasts forever.
It's going to rain this night.
The forest animals were on time. Only the fox arrived late.
You don't have the right to make a call here!
It is forbidden to park here.
You don't have the right to park here!
Marie has a lot of problems with her teeth.
Tom has had toothaches for three days.
Marie is losing her fillings.
Look, Tom! Isn't that your friend over there?
Tom had lipstick all over his face.
Just say you're sorry.
The show's about to start.
Hey, that's mean!
Tom has a private tutor.
Tom is Mary's private tutor.
Tom was too shocked to say anything.
Mary was too shocked to say anything.
The cure for the rotund gourmand is to become an affectionado of California healthy cuisine.
What are you looking so depressed about?
Tom walked silently through the woods.
Tom put Mary to bed.
Affection toward your loved ones and the endorsement of our truthful hopes are the keys to happiness.
I don't know why I'm crying.
The new king assumed the throne when he was only fifteen.
Tom suffers from ailurophobia.
Tom suffers from cynophobia.
Mary suffers from ophidiophobia.
Thinking makes my head hurt.
Only 1% of applicants pass the exam.
Tom suffers from ophidiophobia.
Tom seemed less than thrilled.
I'll see you after school.
Genghiz Khan is a famous historical figure.
Not only was Tom a good friend of the family, he has also become pretty much a father figure to Mary's kids.
Tom took piano lessons when he was younger.
The crowd is a lot bigger than I expected.
Good friend for Jesus sake forbeare, To dig the dust enclosed here, Blessed be the man that spares these stones, And cursed be he that moves my bones.
Cursed be he that moves my bones.
Anyone who disturbs this ancient tomb will be cursed.
Death shall come on swift wings to him that toucheth the tomb of the pharaoh.
Death will come to those who disturb the sleep of the pharaohs.
The hieroglyphs carved onto the wall of King Tutankhamen's burial chamber read: "Death will come to those who disturb the sleep of the pharaoh."
Does the supernatural exist?
This tomb is cursed.
This ancient tomb is cursed.
Tom's guardian angel watches over him.
What happened to the ancient Egyptians?
The walls of the tomb were covered with hieroglyphs.
Do you want to have kids someday?
Do you want to have children someday?
Do you think children born today will have better lives than their parents?
Do you think that children born today will have better lives than their parents?
Do you think aliens exist?
Do you think that aliens exist?
Do you think it'd be fun to do that?
Do you think that it would be fun to do that?
Do you read a lot of books?
Do you read lots of books?
Do you believe people are inherently good?
Do you believe that people are inherently good?
Do most students at your school live in dorms?
Do most students at your school live in dormitories?
How many kids do you want to have?
How many children do you want to have?
How did the two of you meet?
Has anyone every proposed to you?
Has anybody every proposed to you?
Tom expects everyone to go.
Tom expects everybody to go.
Tom handed a pamphlet to Mary.
Tom extinguished his cigarette.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and caused an accident.
Tom found a good job for Mary.
Tom found the watch he had lost.
Tom found the watch that he had lost.
Tom gave a banana to Mary.
Tom gave a false address to the police.
Tom gave Mary a knife.
Tom gave a knife to Mary.
Tom handed a knife to Mary.
Tom gave this watch to me.
Tom gave me this necktie.
Tom gave this necktie to me.
Tom gave me three hundred dollars.
Tom gave something to me.
Tom gave the key to Mary.
Tom gave the keys to Mary.
Tom gave Mary the knife.
Tom gave the knife to Mary.
Tom gave Mary his flashlight.
Tom gave his flashlight to Mary.
Tom gave Mary a French-English dictionary.
Tom gave a French-English dictionary to Mary.
Tom felt Mary was lying.
Tom felt that Mary was lying.
What do you usually do in your spare time?
What did you do during the summer when you were a kid?
What did you do during the summer when you were a child?
Tom talked to Mary as well.
Tom talked to Mary, too.
Tom also talked to Mary.
Tom doesn't have time right now to do that.
The news that Tom had died surprised everyone.
The news that Tom had died surprised everybody.
The news that Tom had won surprised everyone.
The news that Tom had won surprised everybody.
If anyone calls, tell them I'll be back at 2:30.
If anybody calls, tell them I'll be back at 2:30.
Do you think that Tom did that?
Do you think that Tom was the one who did that?
Why do you think that Tom did that?
Tom is several years older than Mary.
Tom is several years older than Mary is.
There's nothing that can be done about that.
There isn't anything that can be done about that.
There wasn't anything I could do to help Tom.
I need to find someone who can help me.
I need to find somebody who can help me.
Tom's office is larger than Mary's.
Tom's office is larger than Mary's office.
Can all your children speak French?
Can all of your children speak French?
Do all your children still live with you?
Do all of your children still live with you?
Were all your children born in Boston?
Were all of your children born in Boston?
Tom gave both of us this bottle of wine.
Tom gave this bottle of wine to both of us.
Both of my brothers are older than me.
Both of my brothers are older than I am.
All three of my brothers are older than me.
All three of my brothers are older than I am.
They're both from Boston.
Both of them are from Boston.
We both should do that.
We both can speak French.
We both have driver's licenses.
Both of us have driver's licenses.
You both need to do that.
Both of you need to do that.
You both ought to do that.
Both of you ought to do that.
You both have to do that.
Both of you have to do that.
You both should do that.
Both of you should do that.
We both were born in Boston.
Both of us were born in Boston.
Half of the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Half the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Half the apples Tom gave me were rotten.
Half of the apples that Tom gave me were rotten.
Tom lived half his life in Boston.
Tom lived half of his life in Boston.
Everyone here knows everyone else.
Everybody here knows everybody else.
No one in my family can do that.
Nobody in my family can do that.
Tom knew there was something in the box, but he didn't know what.
Tom knew that there was something in the box, but he didn't know what.
Tom said he didn't know Mary's address.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary's address.
Tom is home alone.
Tom is at home alone.
Tom said he didn't know you.
Tom said that he didn't know you.
Tom and Mary said they had a good time at the concert.
Tom and Mary said that they had a good time at the concert.
Tom and Mary told me they had a good time at the concert.
Tom and Mary told me that they had a good time at the concert.
I've talked to Tom a couple of times about that already.
I've already talked to Tom a couple of times about that.
These are the shoes I bought last week.
These are the shoes that I bought last week.
There aren't the shoes I bought last week.
There aren't the shoes that I bought last week.
Is all this money yours?
Is all of this money yours?
Do we have enough food to last us until next payday?
Do we have enough food to last us till next payday?
Who are those women?
Tom felt sleepy.
All of these are mine.
Tom gave me money.
I don't need any more.
Tom found your cap.
I don't want that one.
Tom gave me advice.
I don't want this one.
Tom read the letter.
Show me something new.
Tom salted his eggs.
Both of these are mine.
Tom doesn't know you.
Half of these are mine.
Tom found an old map.
Is there any beer left?
Tom has a broken arm.
Many of these are mine.
Tom gave me a bicycle.
Most of these are mine.
Tom was there all day.
None of these are mine.
All of these are Tom's.
Some of these are mine.
Tom folded the napkins.
This is the one I want.
Tom is wearing sandals.
A few of these are mine.
Tom wants to buy a car.
A lot of these are mine.
Both of these are Tom's.
Are you all by yourself?
Half of these are Tom's.
Can I have one of these?
Many of these are Tom's.
I felt so uncomfortable.
Most of these are Tom's.
Three of these are mine.
None of these are Tom's.
Would you like any more?
Some of these are Tom's.
Your plan is a good one.
Tom buys and sells cars.
Can I have some of these?
Tom often wears sandals.
Do we have any more beer?
A few of these are Tom's.
Neither of these is mine.
A lot of these are Tom's.
This is the one I prefer.
This is what Tom gave me.
Who did you buy this for?
Three of these are Tom's.
All of us plan to do that.
Tom gave me a dictionary.
None of us have eaten yet.
Tom knows Mary's address.
One of my children is sick.
Tom made himself a drink.
All three of these are mine.
Tom pretended to be dead.
Please give me one of these.
I shave for my wife's sake.
Don't ask why, just do it.
When will he return home?
Tom discovered the Pacific Ocean.
Tom made tiny clothes for his pet hamster.
Tom woke up with heartburn.
Tom adjusted the color on his antique television.
If a link in a chain breaks, it's no longer a chain.
I like to play football.
Words fall short.
The unsung hero of the game was Tom.
Apply yourself, Tom.
This is Tom's turf.
Your sentence structure and word choice make it very clear indeed that you have a high command of the German language.
Don't set your expectations too high.
There's a letter in the mailbox for you.
Tom weighs twice as much as me.
Tom weighs twice as much as I do.
Tom wasn't aware Mary was in the hospital.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom was only pretending to be asleep.
Tom was just pretending to be asleep.
Tom took these photographs.
Tom told me that you lied.
Tom told me that you cried.
Tom told me that isn't true.
Tom told me that he's not going to do that.
Tom told me that he isn't going to do that.
Tom told me it wasn't true.
Tom told me that it wasn't true.
Tom told me his father wasn't home.
Tom told me that his father wasn't home.
Tom told me he's not going to do that.
Tom told me he isn't going to do that.
Tom thinks he'll die soon.
Tom thinks that he'll die soon.
Tom spent twice as much as me.
Tom doesn't usually go to work by car.
Tom usually doesn't go to work by car.
This is the book that I was telling you about yesterday.
This is the book I bought yesterday.
This is the book that I bought yesterday.
There's somebody at the door who wants to talk to you.
The umbrella I lent you belongs to Tom.
The umbrella that I lent you belongs to Tom.
The painting hanging on that wall was painted by Tom.
The painting that's hanging on that wall was painted by Tom.
The boy sitting over there is Tom.
The boy who's sitting over there is Tom.
That's not the way I do that.
That's not the way that I do that.
Mary sold the bracelet Tom gave her.
Mary sold the bracelet that Tom gave her.
I'm sorry you won't be there.
I'm sorry that you won't be there.
Are you sure Tom hasn't been lying to us?
Are you sure that Tom hasn't been lying to us?
Are you aware your car is parked in a no-parking zone?
Are you aware that your car is parked in a no-parking zone?
Anyone who wants to leave early may do so.
Anybody who wants to leave early may do so.
This car's mine.
That boy is Tom.
Please give me one of those.
Tom showed up late.
Which ones do you like best?
Tom sang out of tune.
Who did you see in the park?
Tom was really lucky.
Are all of these books yours?
Those shoes are Tom's.
I don't want any more coffee.
Tom should talk to me.
Not all of us have eaten yet.
Tom should talk to us.
Please give me some of these.
Tom smiled sheepishly.
Please give me some of those.
Tom spit on the floor.
Take good care of yourselves.
Tom wants a new phone.
What languages can you speak?
Tom will come by taxi.
Who does this land belong to?
Tom should work harder.
Do you have any more of these?
Tom took some pictures.
I'll try to do that by myself.
Tom will buy something.
One of my sons is an engineer.
Tom will die in prison.
What university did you go to?
Tom should've called me.
Which ones do you like better?
Tom should've called us.
Can I get another one of these?
Tom still intends to go.
I don't really agree with that.
Tom was there yesterday.
Neither of us can speak French.
Tom wasn't there either.
Neither of us wants to do that.
Tom went to the airport.
One of my friends gave me this.
Tom will do that for me.
These three suitcases are mine.
Tom still goes to school.
Would you like any more coffee?
Tom still seems confused.
All three of us plan to do that.
Tom took his son to work.
Are all of those children yours?
Tom will come home early.
Both of my brothers are teacher.
Tom will do that tonight.
How often do you watch the news?
Neither of these is Tom's.
I didn't really understand that.
Tom buys and sells horses.
Neither of my brothers can swim.
Tom gave us a lot of food.
One of my brothers is a teacher.
Tom should read this book.
This is what I bought yesterday.
Tom should've hugged Mary.
Were you ever bullied in school?
Tom shouldn't lie to Mary.
Both of these suitcases are mine.
Tom urged Mary to do that.
Do you know whose jacket this is?
Tom wants Mary to do that.
How important is marriage to you?
Tom will be a good father.
I wasn't really paying attention.
Tom will be a little late.
Neither of them can speak French.
These sunglasses are Tom's.
Please give me one more of these.
Tom doesn't like spaghetti.
This one is better than that one.
Tom entered the room first.
All three of them want to do that.
Tom fell and broke his leg.
Do you like to sing in the shower?
Tom gave us plenty of food.
Ever member of the team was there.
Tom has already apologized.
How important are children to you?
Tom sent Mary love letters.
I don't know what this is made of.
Tom should be back by noon.
I'm going to the library to study.
Tom should've come with me.
None of these apples are ripe yet.
Tom shouldn't buy that car.
Some of these books are quite old.
Tom was too scared to talk.
What do you think about astrology?
Tom watches TV every night.
Where would you most like to live?
Tom went to the other room.
I couldn't find any shoes that fit.
Tom went to the park alone.
I'd like to borrow your dictionary.
Tom will be famous one day.
Is it hard to find a part-time job?
This is the one Tom gave me.
Neither of these suitcases is mine.
Tom accepted Mary's apology.
Neither of us knows how to do that.
Tom has broken his left leg.
One of my brothers lives in Boston.
Tom should try to help Mary.
Tell me the funniest joke you know.
Tom was on duty at the time.
This is the one I bought yesterday.
All three of these are Tom's.
Which pair of shoes fit you better?
Tom buys and sells old books.
All of us got three hundred dollars.
Tom fell into the cold water.
Both of those boys can speak French.
Tom felt his phone vibrating.
Both of those dictionaries are mine.
Tom has stopped smoking, too.
Can you speak any foreign languages?
Tom shot down an enemy plane.
How would you like to be remembered?
Tom should just talk to Mary.
I'm not sure why we have to do that.
Tom should've gone with Mary.
I'm not sure why we need to do that.
Tom should've listened to me.
Let's eat something different today.
Tom should've listened to us.
Neither of my brothers is a teacher.
Tom should've told me sooner.
None of those boys can speak French.
Tom shouldn't listen to Mary.
Three of my children live in Boston.
Tom wanted to eat some pizza.
We don't have any food in the house.
What do you do to get rid of stress?
Tom went to school yesterday.
Your plan is OK, but mine is better.
Tom's birthday is in October.
Are you really going to eat all that?
Tom eats more than his father.
Do we have enough food for all of us?
Tom should've left Mary alone.
Do you ever kiss your wife in public?
Tom studied French for a year.
I like these shoes better than those.
Tom took these pictures of me.
I like this one better than that one.
Tom usually has lunch at noon.
I'd like to borrow your car tomorrow.
Neither of my brothers will be there.
Tom wanted to be the last one.
One of my brothers plays the bassoon.
Tom was sitting by the window.
What I need is another cup of coffee.
Tom wasn't so sure of himself.
What do you wish you knew more about?
What Tom says isn't important.
Usually, Tom wasn't scared of dogs.
Tom will come back later.
Because they were speaking Chinese, I couldn't understand anything they said.
Whenever I see him he reminds me of my late grandfather.
I made use of the English I had learnt at school and held a pretty tiring conversation with Tom about the food, the weather and his health situation.
Witches don't exist, but bad people do.
As of now, we unfortunately don't know anything about the offender.
You remind me of my first wife; she was just as hysterical.
I wouldn't dare to touch that frog.
"What is your biggest fear, Tom?" "That I might lose Maria."
You don't get what I'm saying.
You've got time right now, don't you?
There are a lot of borrowed words in my language.
Don't do it because I said so, do it for your own sake!
Is it snowing?
Tom got the impression that I am his enemy.
We mustn't waste time - we have to do something!
Before making important decisions, Tom always consults his astrologer first.
Is Tom helping his wife do the chores at home?
Why are you being so impatient?
I'm not so stupid as to take Germany's television programming seriously.
So far, I've been patient, but enough is enough.
How would you spend a million dollars?
Tom eats here almost every day.
I should've taken that more seriously.
Tom found a seat near the door.
Is there any beer in the refrigerator?
Tom has dropped out of college.
What do you want to be remembered for?
Tom spends most of his salary on food.
What do you want to do before you die?
Tom should at least wear a tie.
Who's the girl I saw you talking with?
Who's the girl I saw you talking to?
Tom, Mary and John were each given three hundred dollars.
How easy is it to find a part-time job?
Tom should tell you what to do.
I don't want to deal with this anymore.
Tom should've told Mary sooner.
Neither of those boys can speak French.
I'm not sure why Tom wants that.
What do you think happens after we die?
Tom accidentally wore his underwear backwards on his first day of work.
Tom likes to collect underground comic books.
Tom likes to make his own energy bars.
Tom does the dishes every night.
It's strange that Tom's coming alone.
Judit left us in the lurch.
Tom adored us.
Let us work!
May God help us!
We were cited for breach of peace.
He broke his tooth last week.
Mary cooked dinner last night.
Don't underestimate us!
They accused us of being ungrateful.
We've been accused of ingratitude.
I didn't give you permission to come in!
Where's the money I gave you?
The following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated.
I just sold an expensive piece of real estate.
Yes, I gave my word, but I've changed my mind.
The provision for warranty expense is generally established for specific losses, along with historical estimates of customer claims as a percentage of sales, which can cause variability in warranty expense between quarters.
Purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations at December 31, 2016.
Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
Annual payments to participants are expected to continue into the foreseeable future at the amounts or ranges noted.
Pension benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets and rate of compensation increases.
Little strokes fell big oaks.
I don't believe I've given you reason to act this way with me.
Visitors have to wear appropriate shoes, i.e., safety shoes.
My speech was appropriate for the occasion.
Please select the appropriate option below.
At this time, a vote is not yet appropriate.
We offer the appropriate solution for all purposes and occasions.
I need to calculate the mean and the variance.
It is important to know the difference between mean and median.
We will use the mean of all values as an average.
The project was financed through public means.
After the revolution, a provisional government ruled.
Sticky tape works as a temporary solution, but will not last long.
We slept in a makeshift hut made from old wooden boards.
The parties have reached a tentative agreement.
The winners were admittedly also lucky.
That is certainly an interesting question.
The journey was lovely, though exhausting.
However, there are some conditions to this contract.
Mathematics is not my field, but I still know a little bit about it.
It was already late; nevertheless, he kept working.
It turned out, we were not kin after all.
I'd say she is over forty.
Let's cook dinner together.
Can you make a salad?
Tom and Mary did their homework together after school.
I'll walk home.
Don't be ridiculous. It will take you hours to walk home.
Are you crying too?
Gray hair makes you look older.
The tiny restaurant was packed.
Mary shared her umbrella with me.
Mary shared her umbrella with Tom.
Tom shared his umbrella with Mary.
They shared an umbrella with each other.
I'll walk home from here.
"I'll walk home from here." "Are you sure?"
I'll walk home with you.
All this talk is making me hungry.
Mary went on a shopping spree.
Are you free for lunch today?
You better have a good explanation for this.
I think they would make a great couple.
I thought you liked pancakes.
Mary is flat-out gorgeous.
You're the one who started it.
Mary laughed and kissed Tom on the cheek.
May this ring forever be the symbol of my eternal love.
Tom was homesick and wanted to see his family again.
So, who's the lucky guy?
So, who's the lucky girl?
When you have time, read this.
Read this when you have time.
Tom used to always be here on Mondays.
Tom always used to be here on Mondays.
Tom still owes me three hundred dollars.
Tom should've pretended he didn't understand French.
Tom should've pretended that he didn't understand French.
Tom said he wanted to learn how to swear in French.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to swear in French.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary looked like.
Tom said that he didn't know what Mary looked like.
Tom ran as quickly as he could.
Tom left the room quietly.
Tom left the room quickly.
Tom owes me $300.
Tom already owes me three hundred dollars.
Tom already owes me $300.
I've visited Boston as well.
I've also visited Boston.
I'm sure Tom will agree to do that.
I'm sure that Tom will agree to do that.
I'm just as frustrated as everyone else.
I'm just as frustrated as everybody else.
I'm hoping Tom will be there today.
I'm hoping that Tom will be there today.
I'm glad that someone was able to help you.
I'm glad somebody was able to help you.
I'm glad someone was able to help you.
I'm glad that somebody was able to help you.
I'm fairly confident I can do that.
I'm fairly confident that I can do that.
I'll probably never do that.
I probably will never do that.
I'll be in Boston until Monday evening.
I'll be in Boston till Monday evening.
I was hoping you wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that you wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't do that.
I was hoping that Tom wouldn't be here.
I was hoping this wouldn't happen.
I was hoping that this wouldn't happen.
I was convinced nothing was wrong.
I was convinced that nothing was wrong.
I thought this would never happen.
I thought that this would never happen.
I thought the movie was pretty good.
I thought that the movie was pretty good.
I thought the dress Mary was wearing looked really nice.
I thought that the dress Mary was wearing looked really nice.
I think that you've misunderstood me.
I think that you're mistaken.
I think you're just wasting time.
I think that you're just wasting time.
I think we're headed in the right direction.
I think that we're headed in the right direction.
I think that we should help Tom.
I think we ought to help Tom.
I think that we ought to help Tom.
I think that we need to help Tom.
I think Tom understands me.
I think that Tom understands me.
I think this is pretty outrageous.
I think that this is pretty outrageous.
I think something's missing here.
I think that something's missing here.
I think something needs to change.
I think that something needs to change.
I think something bad might happen.
I think that something bad might happen.
I suspect what Tom said wasn't true.
I suspect that what Tom said wasn't true.
I still don't think that's going to happen.
I still don't think that that's going to happen.
I really thought Tom wouldn't do that.
I really thought that Tom wouldn't do that.
I really thought Tom would have to do that.
I really thought that Tom would have to do that.
I really thought Tom would do that.
I really thought that Tom would do that.
I really thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
I really thought that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I really thought Tom was going to do that.
I really thought that Tom was going to do that.
I really think we shouldn't do that.
I really think that we shouldn't do that.
I really think we shouldn't be doing this.
I really think that we shouldn't be doing this.
I need someone reliable.
I need somebody reliable.
I know what to do already.
I know the answer already.
I don't know what to do yet.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't do that.
I almost missed the bus.
I nearly missed the bus.
I actually think I might be able to do that.
I actually think that I might be able to do that.
Tom took his glasses out of his pocket and put them on.
One of the passengers went to the front of the bus and talked to the driver.
The possibility that Tom might do that worried Mary.
The first three books on the top shelf were written by my grandfather.
Your suggestion that we should help Tom is a good one.
That man over there is the husband of the woman who teaches me French.
What Tom does in his free time is none of my business.
The boy you met at my house yesterday can play the drums quite well.
I'm going to the hospital this afternoon to visit Tom.
Tell me about the most interesting place you've ever traveled to.
Tom used my bicycle without asking me for permission.
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
Tom spends a third of his salary on health insurance.
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what would you do?
I'll use the wood I got from Tom to make a bookcase.
If you won the lottery, what would you do with the money?
Tom and Mary walked down the street holding hands.
The boy who lives next door helped me paint the fence.
I can understand why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Tom didn't like the apartment he used to live in.
Do you and your husband have a joint checking account?
Sometimes I go to school by bus and sometimes I walk.
I haven't heard anything from Tom in a long time.
This umbrella is mine. Yours is that one over there.
Tom wants his children to learn to speak French.
How do you think your time in the Navy affected you?
Tom will be in Boston for the next three weeks.
We went swimming in the river yesterday afternoon.
Tom has been drinking a lot since his divorce.
My grandparents' house doesn't have running water.
Tom and I went to a concert yesterday evening.
Which city do you like better, Boston or Chicago?
Tom wants to learn how to play the xylophone.
How would you like your students to remember you?
Tom walked right by Mary without seeing her.
Every one of us were given three hundred dollars.
Tom is still too young to tie his own shoes.
Could you please put this book on the top shelf?
Tom doesn't have enough credits to graduate.
The woman over there holding a baby is my wife.
Tom and Mary had a good time at the concert.
The guy I lent my umbrella to didn't return it.
I wouldn't do that, even if Tom asked me to.
One of my friends says he wants me to meet you.
Both of Tom's brothers are older than he is.
One of my friends can speak French fairly well.
Tom worked in Boston for about three years.
Every room in my house has two or more windows.
Tom will be out of town for the whole week.
Each one of us was given three hundred dollars.
Tom wants to know what he's supposed to do.
Do we have enough silverware for thirty people?
Tom didn't know who had written the letter.
You don't usually do that by yourself, do you?
This umbrella is mine and that one's Tom's.
I'm going to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Tom lives in a small house on Park Street.
All three of my daughters are already married.
Tom is the boy who stole Mary's bicycle.
What do you think is the best way to do this?
I'll be at Tom's for at least three hours.
One of my daughters is married to a Canadian.
Tom will be here for another three weeks.
Is there any possibility that that'll happen?
Tom spends a third of his salary on rent.
I've never used this kind of computer before.
I'll never be able to do that as well as you.
I'll meet Tom at 2:tomorrow afternoon.
Which one do you want, this one or that one?
Tom worked for us for about three years.
I've been to Boston several times this year.
Tom is still too young to dress himself.
What do you think happens after people die?
Tom is in Boston attending a conference.
We've been very busy for the last few days.
Tom eats a sandwich for lunch every day.
The weather will probably be fine tomorrow.
The only person I know in Boston is Tom.
My brother who lives in Boston is a doctor.
Has Tom been doing that for a long time?
Tom worked there for about three years.
Do you want a small wedding or a large one?
Tom will be thirty years old on Monday.
Which pair of shoes did you decide to buy?
Tom spilled a little wine on his shirt.
I've already found what I was looking for.
Tom shouldn't listen to what Mary says.
How much homework do you have every night?
Tom says he wants to have a little fun.
How is your relationship with your mother?
Tom often needs help with his homework.
How do you relax after a hard day at work?
The only person who can do that is Tom.
What do you like the most about your job?
The only one I saw in the park was Tom.
What do you like most about working here?
The last house on this street is Tom's.
What city would you most like to live in?
Tom is helping Mary with her homework.
I've been in Boston since Monday morning.
Tom got in through an unlocked window.
Tom forgot to pay his credit card bill on time.
Tom forgot to pay the rent.
I'm not happy with how things turned out.
Tom ended up moving back to Australia.
I'm not going to explain that to you now.
I'm not sure why Tom wants to do that.
Do we have enough food for thirty people?
I probably won't drink as much as Tom.
All three of my sons were born in Boston.
I agree with everything Tom just said.
This is the umbrella I bought yesterday.
Tom turned his garage into an office.
The committee accepted my proposal.
His proposal to hire more teachers was accepted.
I've assented to the proposal.
She was hired on my recommendation.
Any suggestions and ideas are welcome.
He had a sound rationale for his suggestion.
The committee voted against the proposition.
My friend came to me with a business proposition.
The implementation of the new strategy will take a few weeks.
I am responsible for the realisation of this plan.
We guarantee swift implementation of the plan.
The execution of the project took two months.
The focus of today's class will be on ancient Greece.
The emphasis of the language course is on conversation.
The company places its main focus on innovation.
The increase in sales was the focal point of the team meeting.
The main emphasis of his talk was on the role of social media.
The centre of gravity should be lower to obtain greater stability.
The new software enables me to work from home.
Global trade enables a wider exchange of goods.
The prize money allowed me to travel around the world.
A bypass allows more blood to flow to the heart.
The new law facilitates the creation of many new jobs.
The treatment was made possible by a benevolent donor.
This new technology allows for faster data transfer.
A good education paves the way to a better future.
There has to be a catch.
He has a brilliant future.
The Company expects to contribute about $7.million to pension plan investments in 2016.
Sami is dressed like a girl.
The annual capital expenditure budget is subject to approval by the Board of Directors.
The above table does not reflect uncertain tax positions of $8.million, the timing of which are uncertain except for $3.million that may become payable during 2017.
Obligations for operating activities are:
The company has entered into $70.million of material long-term non-cancelable materials and supply purchase obligations.
Estimated pension funding and post-retirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets, rate of compensation increases and health care cost trend rates.
Sami had an affair with his boss.
Sami has another story for you.
Sami caught his boss having an affair.
Sami mentioned that in his last video.
Sami sat and crossed his fingers.
Sami is done.
Sami is so handsome.
Sami knows that he would not be here without you.
Sami hasn't been drinking wine.
Sami's wife isn't pregnant.
Sami is still on his antibiotics.
Sami is not supposed to mix alcohol with antibiotics.
Sami gave this to me for my birthday.
Sami is drinking wine.
Sami is eating brownies and drinking wine.
Sami started ranting.
Sami likes Layla's rants.
Sami should be prepared.
Sami met Layla in 1996.
Sami was trying to settle down.
Sami is able to make that happen.
Sami was living downtown.
Sami's job paid really well.
"Dost thou for this, dear mother, me through fire / and foeman safely to my home restore; / to see Creusa, and my son and sire / each foully butchered in the other's gore, / and Danaans dealing slaughter at the door?"
Sami was interviewed by the CEO.
Sami is a lawyer.
Sami is really nervous.
Sami asked Layla some questions about her professional experience.
Sami is a receptionist.
Sami is the receptionist. He's the face of the company.
Sami could do it with his eyes closed.
Sami was the youngest person in the company.
Sami was shorter than me.
Sami is excited about it.
Sami was extremely intelligent.
Sami was the complete opposite.
Sami was an introvert.
Sami talked to everybody.
Sami went to work around six o'clock.
Sami likes coffee.
Sami needs his coffee.
Sami was trying to make a good impression with the CEO.
Sami wanted to be avoided.
Sami is trying to talk to Layla.
Sami is a part of your team.
Sami was really young.
Sami was thirty-six at the time.
Sami is a very young executive.
Sami had a newborn.
Sami was really excited about that.
Sami was very shy.
Sami was introduced to the different department heads.
Sami's manager was a woman.
Sami could not stand Layla.
Sami is a communicative person.
Sami didn't do that task.
Sami didn't elaborate on the task.
Sami didn't come to work.
Sami called Layla Salima.
Sami is the funniest person.
Sami told me what my responsibilities were.
Sami and Layla became like friends.
Sami had a small company.
Sami shut his door.
Sami stayed in his office all day.
Sami disappeared again.
Sami didn't know much about Layla.
Sami was the background man.
Sami was too busy.
Sami and his co-workers really felt like a family.
Sami was so down.
Sami decorated the office.
Sami knew that Layla couldn't drink.
Sami always drinks.
Sami drinks tequila.
Sami drank rum.
Sami and Layla were eating and partying.
Sami was with his co-workers.
Sami had a couch in his office.
Sami had a loveseat in his office.
Sami sat on that little loveseat.
Sami was behind his desk.
Sami was drinking tequila.
Sami and Layla's conversation took a weird turn.
Sami and Layla were fucking around with each other.
Sami has a mistress.
Sami and Layla do spend a lot of time together.
Sami said that was just office gossip.
Sami was really quiet.
Sami was really nice.
Sami would never imagine Layla cheating.
Sami's wife was a stay-at-home mom.
Sami was so in love with his wife.
Sami's wife was the nicest lady ever.
Sami lives in a really cool spot in Cairo.
Sami walked downtown.
Sami went on a walk.
Sami work a coat in the middle of summer.
Sami was on his route back.
Sami lives in this little neighborhood.
Sami goes to this coffee shop.
Sami was coming across the street.
Sami and Layla were walking together.
Sami was coming from that coffee shop.
Sami was coming from there.
Sami was coming to the office.
Sami smacked Layla on the butt.
Sami put his arm around Layla.
Sami smacked Layla on the ass.
Sami opened the door for Layla.
Sami locked eyes with me.
Sami is not able to control his facial expressions.
Sami stood there for like ten seconds.
Sami will get caught.
Sami should mind his fucking business.
Sami looked at me.
Sami and Layla made eye contact.
Sami tried to salvage his job.
"Arms – bring me arms! Troy's dying moments call / the vanquished. Give me to the Greeks. Once more / let me revive the battle; ne'er shall all / die unrevenged this day, nor tamely meet their fall."
He stole every single penny.
Tell Tom that I would like to help.
Once more I girt me with the sword and shield, / and forth had soon into the battle hied, / when lo, Creusa at the doorway kneeled, / and reached Iulus to his sire and cried:
Tom should have been back by now.
Mary should have been back by now.
I used to hide here when I was kid.
I used to come here when I was kid.
The possibility that Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
Tell me about the most interesting place you've ever visited.
I can't imagine anyone really does that anymore.
I can't imagine anybody really does that anymore.
I don't think anyone was satisfied.
I don't think anybody was satisfied.
I don't think that anything bad will happen.
I don't think that that's going to happen.
I don't think doing that will solve the problem.
I don't think that doing that will solve the problem.
I don't think that was intentional.
I don't think that that was intentional.
I don't think Tom understood that.
I don't think that Tom understood that.
Tom asked his father if he could go outside and play.
Tom asked his father whether he could go outside and play.
It's likely Tom will do that.
It's likely that Tom will do that.
It's not likely Tom will do that.
It's not likely that Tom will do that.
It isn't likely Tom will do that.
It isn't likely that Tom will do that.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that.
Why's Tom here?
Tom is probably about thirty.
Tom is probably about thirty years old.
It's possible Tom will do that.
It's possible that Tom will do that.
It's possible Tom won't do that.
It's possible that Tom won't do that.
There's a possibility Tom will do that.
There's a possibility that Tom will do that.
There's a possibility Tom won't do that.
There's a possibility that Tom won't do that.
Tom may need to borrow some money.
Tom might need to borrow some money.
Tom may not be able to pay his rent next month.
Tom might not be able to pay his rent next month.
I may not be at home tonight.
I might not be at home tonight.
I think that you should do that.
I think that you shouldn't do that.
Tom knew that he was being followed.
Tom knew he was being lied to.
Tom knew that he was being lied to.
Tom told Mary he wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary he was interested in doing that.
I'm sure Tom will like what you made for him.
I'm sure that Tom will like what you made for him.
Tom will probably be busy Monday.
Tom will probably be busy on Monday.
Sometimes Tom does that.
Tom won't be home until Monday.
Tom won't be home till Monday.
Do you think Tom intended to do that?
Do you think that Tom intended to do that?
Do you think Tom meant to do that?
Do you think that Tom meant to do that?
Do you think Tom really meant to do that?
Do you think that Tom really meant to do that?
Tom told me he was going to Boston next week.
Tom told me that he was going to Boston next week.
Tom told me last week he was going to Boston next week.
Tom told me last week that he was going to Boston next week.
I don't think this is an exception.
I don't think that this is an exception.
I couldn't stay awake.
Come here, please.
Tom is really tall.
I'm glad we're done.
I congratulated Tom.
I'm not a journalist.
I live close to Tom.
I've almost finished.
Tom won many prizes.
It may snow tomorrow.
Tom will wait for me.
Don't throw this away.
Tom will pay for that.
Let's go out for lunch.
Tom may have been hurt.
Please be more patient.
Tom will wait for Mary.
Do you play chess often?
I still dream about Tom.
I'm doing that tomorrow.
Does Tom play golf often?
You're walking too fast.
Tom isn't a teenager yet.
Can you get here by 2:30?
Tom may have been killed.
I'd go anywhere with you.
Tom sees Mary every week.
I've arranged to do that.
Tom will stay for dinner.
I hope to be home by 2:30.
Tom will visit Australia.
I really liked doing that.
I talked to Tom last week.
I've regretted doing that.
Tom never walks to school.
I never do stuff like that.
Tom will fix that for you.
I wouldn't change anything.
Tom will meet you tomorrow.
I've made plans to do that.
Tom jumped across the ditch.
I don't much like that idea.
Tom probably won't be there.
I don't yet know the answer.
Tom will take us to the zoo.
I expect to be home by 2:30.
Has Tom been doing that long?
I love talking about sports.
Maybe Tom will be here today.
I most likely won't do that.
Tom plays tennis really well.
I still feel a little tired.
Tom said he wanted ice cream.
I'll try to be home by 2:30.
Tom turned on his headlights.
I'll try to get there early.
We'll just have to trust Tom.
Why don't you try it my way?
Maybe Tom won't be here today.
Come here a minute, will you?
Tom parked his car over there.
I certainly wouldn't do that.
Tom will take us to the river.
I don't have that much money.
Perhaps Tom will be here today.
I might need some more money.
Tom didn't even try to help us.
I wasn't wearing my seatbelt.
Tom didn't pay for that, I did.
I'm not concerned about that.
Maybe Tom won't want to do that.
I'm not looking for sympathy.
Perhaps Tom won't be here today.
My headlights aren't working.
That's Tom's umbrella, not mine.
Please try to be there early.
Those three suitcases are Tom's.
Will you be home before dark?
Tom almost never eats cucumbers.
I don't see prices going down.
Tom and Mary were holding hands.
Please try to be here by 2:30.
Tom felt somebody touch his arm.
I feel really comfortable here.
Tom gave his seat to an old man.
I really don't do that anymore.
Tom is wearing motorcycle boots.
I sometimes do stuff like that.
Tom rarely eats with his family.
I was watching TV this morning.
Tom sent Mary some love letters.
I'm not allowed to do anything.
Tom taught me to play that song.
I'm not any good at doing this.
Tom told Mary about his project.
I don't consider that an option.
Tom wanted to have a little fun.
I don't enjoy doing that either.
Tom works in a department store.
I don't like playing basketball.
Tom's father is waiting for him.
I wasn't really having much fun.
What Tom thinks isn't important.
I'm going to Boston next Monday.
I could've sworn I saw Tom there.
I've only been here once before.
Perhaps Tom can help you do that.
I don't actually know what to do.
Tom can probably understand this.
I'm quite happy with the results.
Tom couldn't see who was driving.
I've taught here for three years.
Tom couldn't see who was talking.
I definitely won't use this again.
Tom felt something touch his arm.
I don't think prices will go down.
Tom left Boston a few months ago.
I just figured out how to do this.
Tom should thank his lucky stars.
I never thought this could happen.
Tom spent the whole day studying.
I never thought this would happen.
Tom went to a concert last night.
I occasionally do stuff like that.
Tom will stay with us all summer.
I promise tomorrow will be better.
I still have nightmares about Tom.
I really don't know what happened.
Tom should have asked Mary where she wanted him to park the car.
Tom should have told Mary that she was doing that the wrong way.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when Mary walked in.
You should have seen this place before I started cleaning it up.
I should have laughed at Tom's joke, even though it wasn't funny.
I'm getting sleepy. I should have gone to bed earlier last night.
Tom knew where his keys should have been, but they weren't there.
Tom should have been exhausted after chopping that much firewood.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when Mary kissed him.
I felt that Tom wasn't doing everything he should have been doing.
I should have told you that you didn't need to buy any more sugar.
Maybe you should have thought of that before you did what you did.
Someone should have told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
I should have advised Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I should have been the one to tell Tom about what happened to Mary.
I should have told Tom not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I should have told Tom that I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I should have tried harder to get along with everyone in the class.
Somebody should have told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Tom should have given Mary flowers or something on Valentine's Day.
You should have waited until we got here before you started eating.
I got involved with people I never should have gotten involved with.
I should have been on the first train this morning, but I overslept.
I should have known Tom would do something we didn't want him to do.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason why Mary should have done that.
Tom should have asked Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom should have gone to Boston last week with Mary, but he couldn't.
You should have known better than to put yourself in that situation.
I really should have told Tom not to stay in Boston for another week.
I should have known something was wrong when Tom wasn't here by 2:30.
I still think we should have told your dad where we're going tonight.
Tom now knows why he should have paid more attention in French class.
I should have said something before, but I was afraid you'd get angry.
I should have studied French more seriously when I was in high school.
Tom felt that Mary wasn't doing everything she should have been doing.
Tom should have asked Mary to marry him while he still had the chance.
Someone should have been able to come up with a better title than that.
Tom never should have walked through the park by himself late at night.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
Tom should have never walked through the park by himself late at night.
I should have known better than to use Tom's bicycle without permission.
Tom should have laughed at Mary's jokes, even though they weren't funny.
Tom told me he didn't know why Mary didn't do what she should have done.
I should have known that you wouldn't be willing to go there by yourself.
I should have done that yesterday, but since I didn't have time, I didn't.
Tom said that he felt he wasn't doing everything he should have been doing.
You should have heard the family's reaction when I told them the good news.
I know what I should have done, but I just didn't have enough time to do it.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
Tom should have pretended to be frightened by Mary in her Halloween costume.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when he saw Mary and John kissing.
You were the last person in the office. You should have turned off the lights.
My teacher told me that I should have devoted more time to preparing my speech.
Tom is beginning to see why he should have paid more attention in French class.
Tom should have listened to you and bought that painting when he had the chance.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary did.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
Do you think we should have gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Tom said Mary should have lied to John about where she'd spent her summer vacation.
Yesterday I should have done that, but since I didn't have time I gave up the idea.
Do you think we should have gone to where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Don't you think we should have gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary had done.
I told you we should have gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I needn't have been so worried about you. I should have known that Tom would look after you.
I should have won.
I should have asked.
Tom should have won.
I should have called.
I should have stayed.
I should have waited.
Tom should have come.
Tom should have left.
You should have come.
I should have checked.
I should have said no.
Tom should have asked.
Tom should have known.
I should have declined.
I should have paid Tom.
I should have run away.
I should have told Tom.
I should have told you.
Tom should have called.
Tom should have stayed.
Tom should have waited.
You should have called.
You should have phoned.
You should have waited.
I should have been last.
I should have done more.
I should have done that.
I should have paged Tom.
I should have said 2:30.
I should have said more.
Nobody should have died.
Tom should have been up.
Tom should have said no.
Tom should have told me.
You should have said no.
I never should have left.
I should have been first.
I should have been ready.
I should have been there.
I should have called Tom.
I should have called you.
I should have eaten more.
I should have helped Tom.
I should have hugged Tom.
I should have kept going.
I should have kissed Tom.
I should have known this.
I should have left early.
I should have phoned Tom.
I should have warned Tom.
I should have warned you.
I should have worn a hat.
I should have worn a tie.
It should have been mine.
Tom should have been mad.
You should have seen Tom.
You should have taken it.
You should have told Tom.
You should have woken me.
I should have come sooner.
I should have expected it.
I should have invited Tom.
I should have kissed Mary.
I should have left sooner.
I should have let Tom win.
I should have married Tom.
I should have stayed home.
I should have surrendered.
I should have told Tom no.
I should have trusted Tom.
I should have worn gloves.
Tom should have been here.
Tom should have been home.
Tom should have been last.
Tom should have done that.
Tom should have said more.
Tom should have told Mary.
We should have celebrated.
What should have happened?
Who should have done that?
You should have called me.
You should have done that.
You should have phoned me.
You should have warned me.
I should have called first.
I should have gone camping.
I should have gone fishing.
I should have gone hunting.
I should have just shut up.
I should have kept my cool.
I should have let Tom sing.
I should have quit earlier.
I should have slept longer.
I should have tried harder.
I should have won the race.
Tom said I should have won.
Tom should have been first.
Tom should have been happy.
Tom should have been ready.
Tom should have been there.
Tom should have been upset.
Tom should have bought one.
Tom should have eaten more.
Tom should have paged Mary.
Tom should have trusted me.
You should have been there.
You should have called Tom.
You should have eaten more.
You should have gone north.
You should have helped Tom.
You should have hugged Tom.
You should have kissed Tom.
You should have left early.
You should have married me.
You should have trusted me.
I guess I should have known.
I should have been notified.
I should have been prepared.
I should have been truthful.
I should have been with Tom.
I should have been with you.
I should have come with you.
I should have expected that.
I should have foreseen this.
I should have gone with Tom.
I should have gone with you.
I should have let Tom leave.
I should have protected Tom.
I should have recognized it.
I should have run away then.
I should have smiled at Tom.
I should have stayed longer.
I should have talked to Tom.
I should have waited longer.
I should have worked harder.
They should have noticed me.
Tom should have been asleep.
Tom should have been in bed.
Tom should have been warned.
Tom should have called Mary.
Tom should have come sooner.
Tom should have helped Mary.
Tom should have kissed Mary.
Tom should have let me sing.
Tom should have stayed home.
Tom should have surrendered.
We should have quit earlier.
We should have tried harder.
You should have come sooner.
You should have expected us.
You should have let Tom win.
You should have let me sing.
You should have notified us.
You should have stayed away.
You should have taken notes.
You should have turned left.
I never should have taken it.
I should have asked for help.
I should have gone after Tom.
I should have hired a lawyer.
I should have recognized Tom.
I should have recognized you.
I should have seen it coming.
I should have studied French.
I should have told the truth.
I should have waited for Tom.
Maybe I should have told Tom.
Maybe I should have told you.
That should have been enough.
Tom should have been careful.
Tom should have been excited.
Tom should have been with us.
Tom should have invited Mary.
Tom should have slept longer.
Tom should have stopped Mary.
Tom should have studied more.
Tom should have won the race.
We certainly should have won.
We should have brought lunch.
We should have played harder.
We should have worked harder.
You should have been with us.
You should have come with me.
You should have had some pie.
You should have left earlier.
You should have quit earlier.
You should have seen Tom run.
You should have turned right.
Everyone should have listened.
I never should have done that.
I never should have hired Tom.
I never should have hired you.
I never should have said that.
I should have added more salt.
I should have arrived earlier.
I should have asked Tom first.
I should have been suspicious.
I should have called a doctor.
I should have called for help.
I should have changed the oil.
I should have come here first.
I should have danced with Tom.
I should have done it already.
I should have eaten breakfast.
I should have gotten a ticket.
I should have helped Tom more.
I should have left Tom a note.
I should have locked the door.
I should have never come here.
I should have never done that.
I should have paid in advance.
I should have said I was busy.
I should have started earlier.
I should have stayed with Tom.
I should have stayed with you.
I should have thought of that.
I should have told Tom sooner.
I should have told you sooner.
I should have worked out more.
I should have written it down.
It never should have happened.
They should have contacted us.
Tom never should have retired.
Tom should have been a lawyer.
Tom should have been an actor.
Tom should have been arrested.
Tom should have been expelled.
Tom should have been forgiven.
Tom should have been obedient.
Tom should have been prepared.
Tom should have been punished.
Tom should have been sleeping.
Tom should have been truthful.
Tom should have come with you.
Tom should have gone with you.
Tom should have never retired.
Tom should have not been here.
Tom should have not been late.
Tom should have spoken French.
Tom should have stayed longer.
Tom should have waited for me.
Tom should have waited for us.
Tom should have waited longer.
Tom should have worked harder.
We should have stayed at home.
We should have studied harder.
You should have been a farmer.
You should have been a lawyer.
You should have come by train.
You should have gone with Tom.
You should have left it alone.
You should have left it to me.
You should have let Tom drive.
You should have seen the fire.
I know I should have done that.
I never should have been there.
I never should have eaten that.
I never should have left early.
I never should have let Tom go.
I really should have done that.
I should have asked you before.
I should have become a teacher.
I should have been able to win.
I should have been asked first.
I should have been helping you.
I should have been more polite.
I should have bought more food.
I should have chosen the money.
I should have done much better.
I should have done that myself.
I should have done that sooner.
I should have done this sooner.
I should have kept that secret.
I should have known it was you.
I should have never been fired.
I should have never left early.
I should have seen that coming.
I should have seen this coming.
I should have stayed in Boston.
I should have stayed in school.
I should have taken off my hat.
I should have told Tom earlier.
I should have told Tom to wait.
I should have tried to stop it.
That should have been expected.
That's what I should have done.
That's what I should have said.
Tom never should have returned.
Tom should have arrived by now.
Tom should have asked for help.
Tom should have been a teacher.
Tom should have been impressed.
Tom should have been skeptical.
Tom should have been surprised.
Tom should have been suspended.
Tom should have been terrified.
Tom should have done something.
Tom should have gone weeks ago.
Tom should have hired a lawyer.
Tom should have let Mary drive.
Tom should have never returned.
Tom should have protected Mary.
Tom should have said something.
Tom should have smiled at Mary.
Tom should have stayed at home.
Tom should have studied harder.
Tom should have talked to Mary.
Tom should have told the truth.
Tom should have won last night.
We never should have done that.
We never should have hired Tom.
We should have helped Tom more.
We should have listened to Tom.
We should have started earlier.
We should have stayed with Tom.
We should have stayed with you.
You should have gone to Boston.
You should have seen Tom dance.
You should have seen it coming.
You should have seen your face.
You should have visited Boston.
I guess I should have done more.
I knew I should have taken that.
I knew we should have done that.
I know I should have left early.
I never should have bought that.
I never should have lied to Tom.
I never should have trusted Tom.
I never should have trusted you.
I really should have helped Tom.
I really should have left early.
I should have apologized to Tom.
I should have asked Tom to help.
I should have been a movie star.
I should have been able to help.
I should have been more patient.
I should have been more precise.
I should have been nicer to Tom.
I should have been there sooner.
I should have brought more food.
I should have brought my camera.
I should have called the police.
I should have done this earlier.
I should have gone home earlier.
I should have known that sooner.
I should have never lied to Tom.
I should have never lied to you.
I should have never trusted Tom.
I should have not said anything.
I should have noticed it before.
I should have tried to help Tom.
I still say we should have gone.
Tell me what I should have done.
That never should have happened.
This never should have happened.
This should have never happened.
Tom never should have done that.
Tom never should have said that.
Tom should have arrived already.
Tom should have been doing that.
Tom should have been handcuffed.
Tom should have been helping us.
Tom should have been interested.
Tom should have been reasonable.
Tom should have been suspicious.
Tom should have eaten breakfast.
Tom should have listened to you.
Tom should have locked the door.
Tom should have never done that.
Tom should have never said that.
Tom should have waited for Mary.
We never should have left early.
We should have anticipated this.
We should have done that sooner.
We should have done this sooner.
We should have planned for this.
You never should have done that.
You should have asked Tom first.
You should have been doing that.
You should have called the cops.
You should have eaten some cake.
You should have let me help you.
You should have listened to Tom.
You should have never come here.
You should have said so earlier.
You should have seen Tom's face.
You should have started earlier.
You should have stayed with Tom.
You should have taken the money.
You should have told Tom sooner.
You should have told me earlier.
I guess I should have helped Tom.
I knew I should have married Tom.
I knew I should have married you.
I knew I should have stayed home.
I knew we should have left early.
I never should have mentioned it.
I probably should have done that.
I should have agreed to help Tom.
I should have asked Tom for help.
I should have asked you for help.
I should have been more specific.
I should have been more thorough.
I should have been there for Tom.
I should have been there for you.
I should have brought a sandwich.
I should have done that with Tom.
I should have done that with you.
I should have helped Tom do that.
I should have helped you do that.
I should have let Tom go fishing.
I should have refused to do that.
I should have stayed where I was.
I should have told Tom the truth.
I should have told you the truth.
I should have trained Tom myself.
I should have warned you earlier.
I should have worn short sleeves.
I think I should have helped Tom.
I think I should have helped you.
Maybe I should have tried harder.
Tom never should have been fired.
Tom never should have been there.
Tom never should have left early.
Tom said I should have done that.
Tom should have been able to win.
Tom should have been cooperative.
Tom should have been more polite.
Tom should have been sympathetic.
Tom should have bought more food.
Tom should have danced with Mary.
Tom should have done it that way.
Tom should have done much better.
Tom should have done that by now.
Tom should have done that sooner.
Tom should have gotten a warning.
Tom should have helped Mary more.
Tom should have kept that secret.
Tom should have let Mary do that.
Tom should have listened to Mary.
Tom should have never been fired.
Tom should have never been there.
Tom should have never left early.
Tom should have said "thank you."
Tom should have stayed in Boston.
We should have been more focused.
We should have both stayed awake.
We should have done that already.
We should have done that earlier.
We should have done this earlier.
We should have gotten up earlier.
You never should have left early.
You really should have done that.
You should have done it yourself.
You should have done that sooner.
You should have never doubted me.
You should have never interfered.
You should have practiced harder.
You should have seen Tom running.
You should have seen their faces.
You should have seen this coming.
You should have stayed in Boston.
You should have taken his advice.
You should have warned me sooner.
I guess I should have stayed home.
I know I should have called first.
I know I should have left earlier.
I never should have told Tom that.
I really should have left earlier.
I should have advised Tom to wait.
I should have been at the meeting.
I should have been here yesterday.
I should have been more assertive.
I should have been more courteous.
I should have been more organized.
I should have been there with you.
I should have checked my schedule.
I should have done that by myself.
I should have done that last week.
I should have done that yesterday.
I should have done what Tom asked.
I should have explained it better.
I should have given Tom more help.
I should have given Tom more time.
I should have gone there with you.
I should have gotten here earlier.
I should have known it was a scam.
I should have known you'd be here.
I should have left a note for Tom.
I should have offered to help Tom.
I should have reacted differently.
I should have realized it was you.
I should have talked to Tom first.
I should have told Tom about Mary.
I should have told Tom everything.
I should have told Tom how I felt.
I should have told Tom to do that.
I should have trusted my instinct.
I should have worn a heavier coat.
I think Tom should have done that.
No one should have been surprised.
Perhaps Tom should have done that.
Tom said I should have left early.
Tom said he should have done that.
Tom said it should have been easy.
Tom should have agreed to do that.
Tom should have already done that.
Tom should have arrived yesterday.
Tom should have asked us for help.
Tom should have been back by 2:30.
Tom should have been found guilty.
Tom should have been here by 2:30.
Tom should have been more patient.
Tom should have bought a used car.
Tom should have brought more food.
Tom should have called the police.
Tom should have done that already.
Tom should have done that earlier.
Tom should have done that himself.
Tom should have done that with me.
Tom should have done that with us.
Tom should have gone home earlier.
Tom should have never let Mary go.
Tom should have told me the truth.
Tom should have told us the truth.
We should have been told about it.
We should have brought more worms.
We should have kept that a secret.
We should have left Boston sooner.
We should have refused to do that.
We should have told Tom the truth.
You really should have helped Tom.
You really should have left early.
You should have apologized to Tom.
You should have asked me for help.
You should have asked us for help.
You should have come here earlier.
You should have come to the party.
You should have done that earlier.
You should have done that with us.
You should have gone home already.
You should have told me yesterday.
You should have told us the truth.
I apparently should have done that.
I just never should have done that.
I knew I should have come with you.
I knew I should have gone with you.
I knew we should have left earlier.
I knew we should have tried harder.
I know why I should have done that.
I never should have come to Boston.
I never should have gone to Boston.
I should have asked Tom for advice.
I should have asked Tom to do that.
I should have been able to do more.
I should have been able to do that.
I should have been at that meeting.
I should have been honest with you.
I should have been more aggressive.
I should have bought Tom a present.
I should have done that last night.
I should have done this months ago.
I should have finished that sooner.
I should have followed your advice.
I should have given Tom more money.
I should have gone there by myself.
I should have just walked right in.
I should have kissed Tom yesterday.
I should have known you were lying.
I should have let Tom take it away.
I should have never come to Boston.
I should have shopped around a bit.
I should have stayed at home today.
I should have stayed away from Tom.
I should have thought of it sooner.
I should have told Tom I loved him.
I should have told Tom to be quiet.
I should have told Tom to go there.
I should have tried something else.
I suppose I should have been happy.
I think Tom should have left early.
Maybe Tom should have tried harder.
Maybe you should have tried harder.
That's not what I should have done.
Tom never should have been elected.
Tom never should have quit his job.
Tom really should have done better.
Tom really should have helped Mary.
Tom said I should have walked away.
Tom said he should have left early.
Tom should have been nicer to Mary.
Tom should have been on that plane.
Tom should have been on that train.
Tom should have done that long ago.
Tom should have filled up his tank.
Tom should have finished it by now.
Tom should have gotten home by now.
Tom should have let me talk to him.
Tom should have never quit his job.
Tom should have never tried to win.
Tom should have refused that offer.
Tom should have refused to do that.
Tom should have told us about this.
Tom should have won, in my opinion.
Tom told me I should have said yes.
We probably should have left early.
We should have celebrated together.
We should have done that last week.
We should have done that ourselves.
We should have done that yesterday.
We should have done this yesterday.
We should have gotten here earlier.
You should have asked Tom for help.
You should have brushed your teeth.
You should have done that with Tom.
You should have done that yourself.
You should have helped Tom do that.
You should have let me know sooner.
You should have refused that offer.
You should have refused to do that.
You should have seen what happened.
You should have started without me.
You should have stayed out of this.
You should have talked to me first.
You should have told Tom the truth.
You should have told me right away.
I didn't do what I should have done.
I just never should have been there.
I knew I should have stayed at home.
I knew I should have studied French.
I know I should have gone to Boston.
I never should have gotten divorced.
I never should have let Tom do that.
I never should have listened to you.
I never should have opened my mouth.
I really should have gone to Boston.
I should have apologized right away.
I should have been able to stop Tom.
I should have called Tom last night.
I should have chosen something else.
I should have closed all my windows.
I should have done that before 2:30.
I should have done that last summer.
I should have driven more carefully.
I should have given you this sooner.
I should have gotten that promotion.
I should have guessed you'd be busy.
I should have hired a better lawyer.
I should have invited Tom to dinner.
I should have known you'd come back.
I should have let Tom do that first.
I should have let you do that first.
I should have locked all my windows.
I should have never let Tom do that.
I should have paid closer attention.
I should have put on more sunscreen.
I should have put on some sunscreen.
I should have stayed and helped Tom.
I should have studied French harder.
I should have told Mary I loved her.
I should have told Tom not to smoke.
I'm doing what Tom should have done.
It should have been easy to do that.
Maybe Tom should have told you that.
Maybe you should have told Tom that.
Tom and I should have worked harder.
Tom never should have been arrested.
Tom never should have been laid off.
Tom never should have been promoted.
Tom never should have told you that.
Tom really should have tried harder.
Tom said I should have left earlier.
Tom said Mary should have done that.
Tom said it should have been simple.
Tom should have arrived home by now.
Tom should have asked Mary for help.
Tom should have been at the meeting.
Tom should have been here yesterday.
Tom should have been home on Monday.
Tom should have been more organized.
Tom should have been sent to prison.
Tom should have bought some pencils.
Tom should have come to the meeting.
Tom should have done that last week.
Tom should have done that weeks ago.
Tom should have done that with Mary.
Tom should have done that years ago.
Tom should have done that yesterday.
Tom should have done this yesterday.
Tom should have helped Mary do that.
Tom should have kept his mouth shut.
Tom should have let me know earlier.
Tom should have let me talk to Mary.
Tom should have never been arrested.
Tom should have never been pardoned.
Tom should have never been released.
Tom should have not been doing that.
Tom should have stayed where he was.
Tom should have worn a heavier coat.
We never should have gone to Boston.
We never should have visited Boston.
We should have asked more questions.
We should have brought a flashlight.
We should have gone there ourselves.
We should have listened to you, Tom.
We should have started this earlier.
We should have stayed home with Tom.
You really should have left earlier.
You really should have phoned ahead.
You should have done that last week.
You should have done that weeks ago.
You should have done that years ago.
You should have done that yesterday.
You should have fixed it right away.
You should have gone to Tom's party.
You should have learned your lesson.
You should have talked to Tom first.
You should have told me that sooner.
You should have told me this before.
Both Tom and I should have done that.
I could've and should have done that.
I don't know what I should have done.
I guess I should have studied harder.
I knew we should have gone to Boston.
I knew we should have stayed at home.
I know I should have stayed with you.
I know why Tom should have done that.
I never should have brought you here.
I never should have tried doing that.
I really should have eaten breakfast.
I really should have helped Tom more.
I should have advised Tom to do that.
I should have checked with you first.
I should have cooked the pork longer.
I should have known not to trust you.
I should have known you were a model.
I should have laughed at Tom's jokes.
I should have left my camera at home.
I should have listened to my parents.
I should have never done that to Tom.
I should have paid my rent yesterday.
I should have quit while I was ahead.
I should have said something earlier.
I should have stayed a little longer.
I should have sung that song tonight.
I should have thought of that myself.
I should have thought of this sooner.
I should have told Tom where to stay.
I still think we should have said no.
I think I should have asked for help.
I think I should have studied harder.
I think Tom should have left earlier.
Maybe I should have done this sooner.
Maybe we should have listened to Tom.
They should have contacted us by now.
Tom and I both should have done that.
Tom apparently should have done that.
Tom just never should have done that.
Tom never should have come to Boston.
Tom never should have gone to Boston.
Tom said Mary should have eaten more.
Tom said Mary should have left early.
Tom said he should have left earlier.
Tom should have apologized instantly.
Tom should have arrived by this time.
Tom should have been able to do that.
Tom should have been at that meeting.
Tom should have been court-martialed.
Tom should have been fired years ago.
Tom should have been in the hospital.
Tom should have done that by himself.
Tom should have done that last night.
Tom should have given Mary more time.
Tom should have gone a long time ago.
Tom should have never come to Boston.
Tom should have never gone to Boston.
Tom should have offered to help Mary.
Tom should have shopped around a bit.
Tom should have told Mary everything.
Tom should have told Mary to do that.
Tom should have trusted his instinct.
Tom should have understood the rules.
We probably should have left earlier.
We should have done this much sooner.
We should have done what you advised.
We should have heard from Tom by now.
What do you think I should have done?
What do you think I should have said?
You apparently should have done that.
You never should have gone to Boston.
You should have asked Tom for advice.
You should have asked Tom to do that.
You should have attended the wedding.
You should have been able to do that.
You should have done that in October.
You should have done that last night.
You should have just told me earlier.
You should have kissed Tom goodnight.
You should have let me do that first.
You should have phoned me right away.
You should have seen that one coming.
You should have stayed at home today.
You should have stayed away from Tom.
Both Tom and I should have left early.
I don't think I should have done that.
I knew I should have stayed in Boston.
I know I should have stayed in Boston.
I never should have got you into this.
I never should have said those things.
I should have advised Tom to go there.
I should have at least offered to pay.
I should have been able to handle Tom.
I should have been with you yesterday.
I should have discussed that with Tom.
I should have done that, but I didn't.
I should have done things differently.
I should have done what Tom suggested.
I should have done what you suggested.
I should have expected that to happen.
I should have expected this to happen.
I should have given Tom my old guitar.
I should have gone to Boston with Tom.
I should have gone to Boston with you.
I should have gotten home before 2:30.
I should have known Tom would be busy.
I should have let Tom have my bicycle.
I should have listened to your advice.
I should have phoned Tom this morning.
I should have refused to go to Boston.
I should have sold my house last year.
I should have thought of this earlier.
I should have told Tom not to do that.
I should have told Tom why I was late.
I still say we should have helped Tom.
I still think we should have said yes.
I think it should have been discussed.
I think we should have discussed this.
I'm the one who should have done that.
Someone should have called the police.
Tom and I both should have left early.
Tom and I never should have done that.
Tom just never should have been there.
Tom never should have gotten promoted.
Tom really should have studied harder.
Tom said Mary should have walked away.
Tom should have asked Mary to do that.
Tom should have been back an hour ago.
Tom should have been fired months ago.
Tom should have been more cooperative.
Tom should have chosen something else.
Tom should have done that last summer.
Tom should have driven more carefully.
Tom should have given Mary more money.
Tom should have gotten here yesterday.
Tom should have hired a better lawyer.
Tom should have never gotten involved.
Tom should have never gotten that job.
Tom should have walked home with Mary.
We should have planned more carefully.
We should have thought of this before.
You really should have studied harder.
You really should have visited Boston.
You should have been asleep hours ago.
You should have been paying attention.
You should have come and talked to me.
You should have done that by yourself.
You should have done that last summer.
You should have done that on your own.
You should have followed Tom's advice.
You should have followed Tom's orders.
You should have gone to Tom's concert.
You should have never done this to me.
You should have stayed where you were.
You should have told Tom how you felt.
I don't think I should have left early.
I guess I should have seen this coming.
I knew I should have done that for you.
I knew we should have stayed in Boston.
I know I should have done this earlier.
I now know why I should have done that.
I should have asked Tom for permission.
I should have asked Tom to wait for us.
I should have been ready, but I wasn't.
I should have bought a present for Tom.
I should have checked Tom's references.
I should have done that someplace else.
I should have done that somewhere else.
I should have done that three days ago.
I should have eaten more for breakfast.
I should have given Tom what he wanted.
I should have gone to Boston last week.
I should have gone to school yesterday.
I should have let Tom borrow my hammer.
I should have listened to Tom's advice.
I should have sent a letter of apology.
I should have shown Tom how to do that.
I should have told Tom to visit Boston.
I should have tried harder to stop Tom.
I think I should have bought more food.
I think someone should have helped Tom.
It should have been easy to accomplish.
Tom and I never should have left early.
Tom never should have tried doing that.
Tom really should have eaten breakfast.
Tom said Mary should have left earlier.
Tom said that he should have done that.
Tom should have asked Mary to help him.
Tom should have been back by this time.
Tom should have been in contact by now.
Tom should have been irritated by that.
Tom should have been ready an hour ago.
Tom should have been with us yesterday.
Tom should have called Mary last night.
Tom should have chosen a different job.
Tom should have closed all his windows.
Tom should have come to Boston with us.
Tom should have gone to Boston with us.
Tom should have never tried doing that.
Tom should have never tried to do that.
Tom should have refused to leave early.
Tom should have stayed a little longer.
Tom should have stayed and helped Mary.
Tom should have stayed to protect Mary.
Tom should have told Mary he loved her.
Tom should have told me he was married.
Tom's plane should have arrived by now.
We didn't do as well as we should have.
We should have done what Tom suggested.
We should have expected that to happen.
We should have known Tom would be late.
We should have known this would happen.
We should have made Tom stay in school.
We should have stayed in Boston longer.
You should have brought lunch with you.
You should have gone canoeing with Tom.
You should have gone there by yourself.
You should have just told me the truth.
You should have learned that in school.
You should have let me do that for you.
You should have refused to leave early.
You should have stayed in the hospital.
You should have thought of that before.
You should have told me a few days ago.
You should have told me that yesterday.
Both Tom and I should have known better.
Both Tom and I should have left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should have done that.
Don't you think you should have told me?
I don't think Tom should have done that.
I guess I should have done this earlier.
I knew we should have stayed home today.
I knew we should have tried to help Tom.
I know I should have gotten here sooner.
I never should have broken up with Mary.
I never should have tried leaving early.
I now know why I should have left early.
I really should have helped Tom do that.
I really should have stayed where I was.
I should have agreed to let Tom do that.
I should have asked Tom why he did that.
I should have been a little more polite.
I should have been more honest with Tom.
I should have bought something to drink.
I should have chosen a shorter username.
I should have done that a long time ago.
I should have done that three weeks ago.
I should have done this a long time ago.
I should have figured Tom would be late.
I should have given Tom my old trombone.
I should have gone home a long time ago.
I should have gone to the mall with Tom.
I should have helped Tom move the couch.
I should have invited Tom, but I didn't.
I should have known Tom was behind this.
I should have let Tom talk to you first.
I should have let you talk to Tom first.
I should have listened to what Tom said.
I should have stayed at home last night.
I should have taken an umbrella with me.
I should have told Tom that I love Mary.
I should have told Tom that I loved him.
I should have worn a short-sleeve shirt.
I still think we should have helped Tom.
I think I should have asked Tom to help.
I think I should have been more careful.
I was the one who should have done that.
Tom and I both should have known better.
Tom and I both should have left earlier.
Tom and Mary both should have done that.
Tom probably should have studied harder.
Tom really should have been here by now.
Tom really should have helped Mary more.
Tom said he should have done that alone.
Tom said that he should have left early.
Tom should have at least offered to pay.
Tom should have been fired last October.
Tom should have been tempted to do that.
Tom should have been willing to do that.
Tom should have discussed that with you.
Tom should have gone shopping with Mary.
Tom should have gone to Boston by plane.
Tom should have gotten some prison time.
Tom should have laughed at Mary's jokes.
Tom should have refused to go to Boston.
Tom should have stayed in Boston longer.
Tom told me that I should have said yes.
We should have quit while we were ahead.
We should have warned Tom of the danger.
You never should have left your husband.
You really should have gone by yourself.
You should have declined the invitation.
You should have paid your bills on time.
You should have refused to go to Boston.
You should have stayed in Boston longer.
You should have told me Tom was unhappy.
You should have told me about it sooner.
Both Tom and Mary should have left early.
Don't you think you should have told Tom?
I didn't think Tom should have done that.
I don't think Tom should have left early.
I don't think you should have left early.
I know I should have done that yesterday.
I know I should have gotten here earlier.
I never should have gone along with this.
I never should have gone there by myself.
I never should have told Tom my password.
I really should have given Tom more help.
I really should have given Tom more time.
I really should have told Tom to do that.
I should have advised Tom not to do that.
I should have agreed to be there by 2:30.
I should have agreed to help Tom do that.
I should have anticipated this happening.
I should have asked for permission first.
I should have been a little more patient.
I should have been in Boston last Monday.
I should have insisted on going with Tom.
I should have known you wouldn't like it.
I should have left when I had the chance.
I should have paid more attention to Tom.
I should have studied French much harder.
I should have told Mary that I loved her.
I should have told Tom to keep it secret.
I should have told Tom to stay in Boston.
I should have told you about that sooner.
I should have worn a short-sleeved shirt.
I still think we should have stayed home.
I think Tom should have let Mary do that.
I think Tom should have stayed in Boston.
I told you we should have waited for Tom.
I was the one who should have left early.
Perhaps we should have tried helping Tom.
Something tells me I should have said no.
Tom and Mary both should have left early.
Tom and Mary never should have done that.
Tom could've and should have helped Mary.
Tom is the one who should have done that.
Tom knew where his keys should have been.
Tom really should have checked in by now.
Tom said I should have gone home earlier.
Tom should have arrived in Boston by now.
Tom should have done that more carefully.
Tom should have done that someplace else.
Tom should have done that somewhere else.
Tom should have done that three days ago.
Tom should have done that, but he didn't.
Tom should have eaten more for breakfast.
Tom should have gone to Boston last week.
Tom should have gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom should have sent a letter of apology.
Tom should have told Mary he was married.
Tom should have told Mary not to do that.
We should have done that a long time ago.
We should have gone to Boston last month.
You really should have let me call a cab.
You should have done that someplace else.
You should have done that somewhere else.
You should have done that three days ago.
You should have eaten more for breakfast.
You should have given Tom another chance.
You should have helped Tom with his work.
You should have quit when you were ahead.
You should have seen us dancing together.
You should have shown Tom how to do that.
You should have told me you needed money.
I didn't do that as fast as I should have.
I didn't do that as soon as I should have.
I didn't think Tom should have left early.
I guess I should have done that yesterday.
I know I should have been more aggressive.
I never should have dragged you into this.
I now know why I should have left earlier.
I really should have given Tom more money.
I should have asked Tom before I did that.
I should have asked Tom to do that for me.
I should have asked Tom why he left early.
I should have been at yesterday's meeting.
I should have brought my umbrella with me.
I should have done what Tom told me to do.
I should have given Tom what he asked for.
I should have gone to yesterday's meeting.
I should have just minded my own business.
I should have stayed for a few more hours.
I should have studied harder for the test.
I should have sung the song Tom requested.
I should have told Tom about that earlier.
I should have told Tom that I was married.
I should have waited another three months.
I think I should have told you about that.
I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
I wasn't as helpful as I should have been.
I've already said more than I should have.
My client never should have been arrested.
Tom and I should have done that ourselves.
Tom never should have been let out prison.
Tom never should have tried leaving early.
Tom said I should have helped him do that.
Tom said Mary should have done that alone.
Tom said Mary should have eaten breakfast.
Tom said Mary should have never done that.
Tom said that he should have left earlier.
Tom should have been a little more polite.
Tom should have been motivated to do that.
Tom should have been ready, but he wasn't.
Tom should have been reluctant to do that.
Tom should have been safe in his own home.
Tom should have bought something to drink.
Tom should have done that a long time ago.
Tom should have given Mary his old guitar.
Tom should have hit the dog with his shoe.
Tom should have never tried leaving early.
Tom should have shown Mary how to do that.
Tom should have stayed at home last night.
Tom should have told Mary why he was late.
Tom should have told me about that sooner.
You and I should have celebrated together.
You should have asked Tom why he did that.
You should have been a little more polite.
You should have done that a long time ago.
You should have gone to the beach with us.
You should have refused to stay in Boston.
You should have stayed in Boston with Tom.
You should have stayed where you belonged.
You should have told me about that sooner.
You should have told me that you knew Tom.
Both Tom and Mary should have known better.
Both Tom and Mary should have left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should have stayed awake.
I didn't help Tom as much as I should have.
I don't know why Tom should have done that.
I guess I should have warned you about Tom.
I guess we should have done that yesterday.
I guess we should have told Tom about that.
I guess we should have told Tom what to do.
I should have agreed to accept Tom's offer.
I should have agreed to ask Tom to do that.
I should have been able to do that for you.
I should have been here with you yesterday.
I should have been the last one to do that.
I should have done that before I went home.
I should have done what Tom asked me to do.
I should have done what Tom suggested I do.
I should have given Tom a birthday present.
I should have gone to Boston, but I didn't.
I should have helped Tom with his homework.
I should have known I'd never see it again.
I should have known Tom would be here, too.
I should have known better than to do that.
I should have known something was going on.
I should have listened to Tom more closely.
I should have parked my car somewhere else.
I should have quit smoking a long time ago.
I should have told Tom I felt the same way.
I should have told Tom about what happened.
I should have told Tom not to go to Boston.
I should have visited Boston, but I didn't.
I think Tom should have been more discreet.
I'm the one who should have gone to Boston.
I'm the only one who should have done that.
That should have been done a long time ago.
This should have been done a long time ago.
Tom and I should have gone there ourselves.
Tom and Mary both should have known better.
Tom and Mary both should have left earlier.
Tom and Mary both should have stayed awake.
Tom and Mary should have both stayed awake.
Tom could've and should have stayed longer.
Tom really should have helped Mary do that.
Tom really should have stayed where he was.
Tom said I should have asked Mary for help.
Tom should have been a little more patient.
Tom should have been in Boston last Monday.
Tom should have finished doing that by now.
Tom should have given Mary what she wanted.
Tom should have gone to the bank yesterday.
Tom should have had a little more patience.
Tom should have never tried to leave early.
Tom should have stayed in Boston last week.
Tom should have told Mary what he had done.
Tom should have told me about that earlier.
Tom should have told us about that earlier.
Tom should have visited Boston last summer.
Tom should have waited for us to get there.
You really should have done that last week.
You should have been a little more patient.
You should have seen the look on your face.
You should have told me about what Tom did.
You should have told your parents about it.
I guess I should have told Tom I was coming.
I never should have kissed Tom's girlfriend.
I should have advised Tom to keep it secret.
I should have asked Tom if he could do that.
I should have been the first one to do that.
I should have done it when I had the chance.
I should have gone to the dentist last week.
I should have just given Tom what he wanted.
I should have known you couldn't be trusted.
I should have left the gun where I found it.
I should have let Tom go to Boston with you.
I should have realized what the problem was.
I should have studied more when I was young.
I should have tried to convince Tom to stay.
I think we should have left ten minutes ago.
It should have been a lot easier to do that.
Perhaps Tom should have done that yesterday.
Perhaps you should have gotten a bigger one.
The windows should have already been washed.
Tom could've and should have done something.
Tom could've and should have said something.
Tom doesn't think you should have done that.
Tom really should have given Mary more help.
Tom really should have given Mary more time.
Tom said I should have been able to find it.
Tom said I should have done that last month.
Tom said Mary should have gone home earlier.
Tom said that Mary should have left earlier.
Tom should have asked Mary why she did that.
Tom should have asked me before he did that.
Tom should have been able to do that easily.
Tom should have been here with us yesterday.
Tom should have chosen to do something else.
Tom should have left when he had the chance.
Tom should have never been asked to do that.
Tom should have stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom should have studied harder for the test.
Tom should have told Mary that he loved her.
We probably should have gone to Tom's party.
We should have bought three bottles of wine.
We should have done what Tom asked us to do.
We should have done what we were told to do.
We should have hired someone more qualified.
We should have taken care of that ourselves.
You really should have told Tom not to come.
You should have asked Tom why he left early.
You should have asked me to do that for you.
You should have been able to do that easily.
You should have let us know you were coming.
You should have reported that to the police.
You should have told Tom to do that for you.
You should have told Tom your name was Mary.
You should have warned me this might happen.
I didn't do that as quickly as I should have.
I didn't get off the bus where I should have.
I probably should have been more cooperative.
I really should have told Tom not to do that.
I should have been able to do that by myself.
I should have been able to do that on my own.
I should have discussed that with my parents.
I should have given Tom more time to do that.
I should have gotten up earlier this morning.
I should have had you do that instead of Tom.
I should have hit Tom while I had the chance.
I should have just walked away, but I didn't.
I should have known Tom was going to do that.
I should have known better than to trust Tom.
I should have known that you'd be here today.
I should have known this was going to happen.
I should have known you were behind all this.
I should have listened to Tom more carefully.
I should have stayed and helped you clean up.
I should have stayed in Boston, but I didn't.
I should have told Tom not to come to Boston.
I should have told Tom not to stay in Boston.
I should have told Tom why he had to do that.
I should have told you not to come back here.
I should have waited until Monday to do that.
I still say we should have bought that piano.
I still think we should have offered to help.
Tom doesn't think Mary should have done that.
Tom knew he should have done that by himself.
Tom really should have given Mary more money.
Tom said I should have asked Mary to help me.
Tom said he should have done that by himself.
Tom said it should have been easy to do that.
Tom said that he should have done that alone.
Tom should have arrived at the office by now.
Tom should have asked Mary to come to Boston.
Tom should have asked Mary to stay in Boston.
Tom should have been able to do that as well.
Tom should have been able to do that for you.
Tom should have been excused from doing that.
Tom should have been forgiven for doing that.
Tom should have been here thirty minutes ago.
Tom should have been the last one to do that.
Tom should have been the next one to do that.
Tom should have bought some flowers for Mary.
Tom should have done much better than he did.
Tom should have finished his homework by now.
Tom should have put on more sunscreen.
Tom should have sung the song Mary requested.
Tom should have told Mary not to leave early.
Tom wasn't as careful as he should have been.
We should have done what Tom wanted us to do.
We should have stayed in Boston until Monday.
You never should have gone there by yourself.
You really should have stayed where you were.
You should have asked Tom to do that for you.
You should have been able to do that as well.
You should have been at our party last night.
You should have been excused from doing that.
You should have been forgiven for doing that.
You should have been the last one to do that.
You should have begun an hour and a half ago.
You should have eaten something this morning.
You should have gone home when I told you to.
You should have left when you had the chance.
You should have made better use of your time.
You should have paid more attention in class.
You should have told Tom to buy that for you.
You should have told me about that yesterday.
You should have waited until Monday to leave.
You think I should have done that, don't you?
I guess I should have asked you out to dinner.
I guess I should have expected Tom to do that.
I never should have let Tom eat so much candy.
I really should have told Tom to visit Boston.
I should have asked Tom when I had the chance.
I should have asked Tom why he didn't do that.
I should have done that the way Tom suggested.
I should have done that the way you suggested.
I should have done that when I had the chance.
I should have known that I couldn't trust Tom.
I should have known that I couldn't trust you.
I should have let Tom do what he wanted to do.
I should have listened to Tom instead of Mary.
I should have listened to what my mother said.
I should have never sung that song last night.
I should have told Tom that he had to do that.
I should have told Tom to stay away from Mary.
I should have told Tom what needed to be done.
I should have told Tom why he needed to leave.
I still think we should have told Tom to come.
I'm the only person who should have done that.
I've already told you more than I should have.
They should have known that this would happen.
Tom is the one who should have gone to Boston.
Tom is the only one who should have done that.
Tom said I should have stayed and helped Mary.
Tom said Mary should have asked John for help.
Tom said Mary should have done that last week.
Tom said Mary should have done that yesterday.
Tom said Mary should have helped John do that.
Tom should have asked Mary to do that for him.
Tom should have asked Mary why she left early.
Tom should have asked me before he left early.
Tom should have been OK doing that by himself.
Tom should have been interested in doing that.
Tom should have been more curious than he was.
Tom should have been the first one to do that.
Tom should have come to the meeting yesterday.
Tom should have done it the way you suggested.
Tom should have done that before he went home.
Tom should have done what Mary told him to do.
Tom should have finished at least an hour ago.
Tom should have given Mary a birthday present.
Tom should have given Mary what she asked for.
Tom should have helped Mary with her homework.
Tom should have known that we'd be here today.
Tom should have let me do what I wanted to do.
Tom should have parked his car somewhere else.
Tom should have stayed and helped us clean up.
Tom should have told Mary about what happened.
Tom should have told Mary that he was married.
Tom should have visited Boston, but he didn't.
We should have brought another bottle of wine.
We weren't as prepared as we should have been.
You should have asked Tom before you did that.
You should have been the first one to do that.
You should have left while you had the chance.
You should have told Tom that a long time ago.
I don't think Tom should have let Mary do that.
I knew I should have given you a stronger dose.
I never should have tried doing that by myself.
I probably should have asked Tom that question.
I should have been able to do that much better.
I should have been finished doing that by 2:30.
I should have been notified about this earlier.
I should have done that the way Tom told me to.
I should have just stayed home and read a book.
I should have kept the guitar that Tom gave me.
I should have kissed Tom when I had the chance.
I should have kissed you when I had the chance.
I should have known better than to believe Tom.
I should have never gone to Boston without you.
I should have stayed in Boston a little longer.
I should have told Tom not to agree to do that.
I think I should have talked to Tom about that.
I told you we should have asked for permission.
I'm sure we should have turned left back there.
Maybe Tom should have stayed with the children.
That was a question I should have asked before.
Tom didn't know what he should have been doing.
Tom had no idea what he should have been doing.
Tom said Mary should have done that by herself.
Tom said he didn't do what he should have done.
Tom said that Mary should have done that alone.
Tom said that Mary should have never done that.
Tom should have asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom should have bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom should have done that the way I showed him.
Tom should have stayed for a couple more hours.
Tom should have waited until Monday to do that.
We should have heard something from Tom by now.
You never should have eaten at that restaurant.
You should have done that before you went home.
You should have given Tom more time to do that.
You should have helped Tom carry his suitcases.
You should have known better than to trust Tom.
You should have listened to Tom more carefully.
You should have told Tom why he had to do that.
You should have told me that you weren't happy.
You should have waited until Monday to do that.
I always thought you should have been a teacher.
I always thought you should have been an artist.
I knew we should have brought more food with us.
I really should have been a little more patient.
I should have handled the situation differently.
I should have known you wouldn't want to see me.
I should have stayed in Boston for another week.
I should have studied harder for my French test.
I should have told Tom that I felt the same way.
I should have told Tom why he needed to do that.
I should have warned you that this might happen.
I'm going to do what I should have already done.
Tom didn't do that as quickly as he should have.
Tom never should have let Mary out of his sight.
Tom probably should have asked Mary to help him.
Tom really should have eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said he should have stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said that wasn't what Mary should have done.
Tom should have already discussed that with you.
Tom should have asked Mary if she could do that.
Tom should have been able to do that by himself.
Tom should have been able to do that on his own.
Tom should have been home from school hours ago.
Tom should have been studying French last night.
Tom should have done that the way I told him to.
Tom should have done that the way we showed him.
Tom should have done that the way you suggested.
Tom should have given Mary more time to do that.
Tom should have gone to Mary's house by himself.
Tom should have taken the examination yesterday.
Tom should have told Mary not to come to Boston.
Tom should have told Mary not to stay in Boston.
We should have been in Boston on Tom's birthday.
We should have stayed till the end of the party.
You don't think I should have done that, do you?
You really should have eaten more for breakfast.
You really should have gone to Boston last week.
You should have already discussed that with Tom.
You should have asked Tom before you left early.
You should have let Tom do what he wanted to do.
You should have paid attention to Tom's warning.
You should have told Tom that he had to do that.
I probably should have showed you Tom to do that.
I really should have studied harder for the test.
I should have advised Tom to stay away from Mary.
I should have anticipated that this would happen.
I should have done that the day before yesterday.
I should have married your sister instead of you.
I should have realized the truth a long time ago.
I should have told Tom that he needed to do that.
I think I should have brought more money with me.
That's what you should have done a long time ago.
Tom and Mary never should have traveled together.
Tom is the only person who should have done that.
Tom isn't the only one who should have done that.
Tom probably should have been at today's meeting.
Tom said Mary should have asked John to help her.
Tom said Mary should have stayed and helped John.
Tom said that Mary should have been more careful.
Tom should have been able to do that much better.
Tom should have been amused by what was going on.
Tom should have been finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom should have done that the way Mary suggested.
Tom should have done that when he had the chance.
Tom should have stayed in Boston a few more days.
Tom should have told Mary about what he had done.
Tom should have told Mary what needed to be done.
Tom should have told Mary why she had to do that.
Tom should have waited for us to do that for him.
Tom turned right when he should have turned left.
We should have let the police handle the problem.
We should have realized that Tom needed our help.
You really should have been a little more polite.
You should have apologized to Tom for being late.
You should have been able to do that by yourself.
You should have been able to do that much better.
You should have been able to do that on your own.
You should have been finished doing that by 2:30.
You should have been in Boston with us last week.
You should have bought Tom a more expensive gift.
You should have had someone proofread your essay.
You should have let me drive you home last night.
You should have lied to Tom about where you were.
You should have rejected such an unfair proposal.
You should have tried some of Tom's homemade pie.
You should have warned me that this might happen.
I guess I should have expected Tom to leave early.
I really should have told Tom not to go to Boston.
I should have advised Tom not to agree to do that.
I should have asked Tom for permission to do that.
I should have been able to do that in three hours.
I should have been paying more attention in class.
I should have gone to Boston with you last summer.
I should have paid more attention in French class.
I should have told Tom why he had to go to Boston.
I think Tom didn't everything he should have done.
I'm going to do what I should have done yesterday.
I'm not the only person who should have done that.
I'm sorry. I should have delivered this yesterday.
If you didn't want to go, you should have told me.
Tom and I were the ones who should have done that.
Tom and Mary never should have done that together.
Tom never should have told Mary that he loved her.
Tom never should have tried doing that by himself.
Tom really should have finished doing that by now.
Tom said Mary should have stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said that he should have done that by himself.
Tom should have been amused by what was happening.
Tom should have been very hungry when he got home.
Tom should have done that the way Mary showed him.
Tom should have done that the way you told him to.
Tom should have stayed in Boston for another week.
Tom should have told Mary that she had to do that.
You should have done that the way Tom told you to.
You should have done that when you had the chance.
You should have had somebody proofread your essay.
You should have left your car parked where it was.
You should have taken better care of your bicycle.
You should have told Tom why he needed to do that.
Do you think we should have stayed a little longer?
I should have been able to do that better than Tom.
I should have known Tom and Mary would be together.
I should have known better than to trust you again.
I should have never let Tom go swimming by himself.
I should have studied French when I had the chance.
I should have told Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
I should have tried to prevent this from happening.
I should have waited until Tom got here to do that.
I think we should have done what Tom told us to do.
Tom and I should have taken care of that ourselves.
Tom and I were the ones who should have left early.
Tom really should have studied harder for the test.
Tom said I should have asked him to do that for me.
Tom said Mary should have gone to Boston with John.
Tom should have been gone by the time we got there.
Tom should have bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom should have done that the way Mary told him to.
Tom should have hired a French-speaking babysitter.
Tom should have kissed Mary when he had the chance.
Tom should have lied to Mary about where he'd been.
Tom should have married Mary instead of her sister.
Tom should have told Mary why he wanted to do that.
You should have accepted the money Tom offered you.
You should have apologized to Tom for what you did.
You should have done that the day before yesterday.
You should have heard Tom sing. He was really good.
You should have told Tom that he needed to do that.
You should have told me you didn't know what to do.
I didn't know that's what we should have been doing.
I should have asked Tom why he didn't leave earlier.
I should have been able to do that without any help.
I should have known Tom had something to do with it.
I think you should have bought a better-known brand.
I'm the only other person who should have done that.
Tom isn't the only person who should have done that.
Tom knew he should have been able to do that better.
Tom said I should have asked Mary to do that for me.
Tom said he didn't think Mary should have done that.
Tom said that Mary should have done that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't do what he should have done.
Tom should have asked Mary if she could leave early.
Tom should have asked Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom should have been able to do that better than me.
Tom should have been able to do that in three hours.
Tom should have been able to finish going yesterday.
Tom should have been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom should have been faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom should have been furious at Mary for doing that.
Tom should have gone to the hospital three days ago.
Tom should have let his children go camping with us.
Tom should have told Mary that he wanted to do that.
Tom should have told Mary why she needed to do that.
We should have stayed in Boston for a few more days.
You should have asked Tom for permission to do that.
You should have been able to do that in three hours.
You should have known better than to lend Tom money.
You should have told Tom about it while he was here.
Do you think we should have talked to Tom about this?
I didn't think that's what we should have been doing.
I never should have let you go home alone last night.
I should have been able to do that without your help.
I should have done that the way Tom told me to do it.
I should have told Tom not to believe what Mary says.
I should have told Tom that I didn't know any French.
I still think we should have gone to Boston with Tom.
That isn't the main reason Tom should have done that.
Tom has just done what he should have done last week.
Tom knows he should have been able to do that better.
Tom said I should have asked Mary to help me do that.
Tom said it should have been a lot easier to do that.
Tom said that he should have stayed in Boston longer.
Tom should have been able to show you how to do that.
Tom should have been quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom should have stayed in Boston for a few more days.
Tom should have told Mary that she needed to do that.
We probably should have talked about this before now.
You never should have let Tom go to Boston with Mary.
You should have visited Tom while you were in Boston.
You should have waited until Tom got here to do that.
Don't you think we should have stayed a little longer?
I didn't spend as much time studying as I should have.
I really should have stayed in Boston a little longer.
I should have advised Tom to not talk to Mary anymore.
I should have asked Tom for permission to leave early.
I should have been able to do that without Tom's help.
I should have gone camping with you guys last weekend.
I should have told Tom that was the reason I did that.
I should have told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
I should have warned you that Tom is a little strange.
I told Tom we should have contacted you before coming.
That wasn't the main reason Tom should have done that.
Tom said Mary should have stayed in Boston all summer.
Tom should have been able to do that without any help.
Tom should have been finished doing that by yesterday.
Tom should have done it the way you told him to do it.
Tom should have learned French when he had the chance.
Tom should have let his children come camping with us.
Tom should have waited until Mary got here to do that.
We should have expected something like this to happen.
With hands like these, I should have become a surgeon.
You should have been able to do that without any help.
You should have been able to do that without our help.
I didn't read everything as carefully as I should have.
I should have guessed Tom would do something like this.
I should have known it was going to be a waste of time.
I should have phoned Tom before I went over to see him.
I should have stayed in Boston for another week or two.
I should have told Tom that I was too busy to help him.
I sorry that I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
I still think we should have invited Tom to go with us.
I think Tom should have asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom is the only other person who should have done that.
Tom really should have given Mary more time to do that.
Tom should have been able to do that without your help.
Tom should have been downstairs waiting, but he wasn't.
Tom should have been present at this morning's meeting.
Tom should have sold his house while he had the chance.
Tom should have told Mary the truth in the first place.
You should have heard me. I shouted as loud as I could.
You should have thought about that before you did that.
You should have told me you didn't know how to do this.
Don't you think we should have talked to Tom about this?
I didn't wake up as early as I should have this morning.
I regret that I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
I should have advised Tom not to believe what Mary says.
I should have done my homework instead of playing games.
I should have told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
Maybe you should have said something about this earlier.
Of course, I should have known this was going to happen.
Tom and Mary never should have tried traveling together.
Tom probably should have asked Mary to help him do that.
Tom really should have told Mary what needed to be done.
Tom said Mary should have asked John to do that for her.
Tom should have been able to answer all those questions.
Tom should have been grateful for what Mary did for him.
Tom should have been the one responsible for doing that.
Tom should have told Mary not to go to Boston with John.
Tom was the only other person who should have done that.
We probably should have applied for a visa much earlier.
We should have gone sailing yesterday when it was windy.
You should have apologized to Tom for calling him names.
You should have been able to do that without Tom's help.
You should have done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
You should have warned me that this was going to happen.
I didn't read the contract as carefully as I should have.
I don't think Tom was as generous as he should have been.
I should have known better than to buy anything from Tom.
I should have paid more attention to what Tom was saying.
I should have phoned Tom before I went over to visit him.
I should have told Tom that I couldn't understand French.
I should have told Tom that he needed to be more careful.
I should have told Tom why he wasn't supposed to do that.
I should have waited until Monday to come back to Boston.
If you didn't want to go, you should have said something.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should have done that.
Tom and Mary never should have tried doing that together.
Tom said Mary should have asked John to help her do that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary should have done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should have done that.
Tom should have been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom should have been able to finish doing that yesterday.
Tom should have been glad that he didn't have to do that.
Tom should have been outside playing with the other kids.
Tom should have known better than to carry so much money.
Tom should have waited until Monday to go back to Boston.
You should have apologized to Tom for your rude behavior.
I should have listened to Tom when he warned me about you.
I should have never walked so much in a new pair of shoes.
I should have told Tom that I wasn't planning to be there.
I should have told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
I suppose I should have been able to do something to help.
Maybe we should have peeled the apples before we ate them.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom should have done that.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom should have done that.
Tom left three hours ago so he should have arrived by now.
Tom should have been able to do that with his eyes closed.
You should have told Tom why it was a bad idea to do that.
You should have told me Tom wasn't planning to go with us.
I should have told Tom that that was the reason I did that.
I still think we should have bought the painting you liked.
I thought Tom wasn't as cooperative as he should have been.
If you didn't want to come, you should have said something.
Tom realized right away he should have worn a heavier coat.
Tom should have told Mary why it was a bad idea to do that.
You should have told your parents about us a long time ago.
You should have waited until Monday to come back to Boston.
According to his schedule, Tom should have been here by now.
I know I should have helped Tom, but I didn't have the time.
I should have known Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I should have told Tom that he was doing that the wrong way.
Tom said I should have stayed in Boston for a few more days.
You really should have told Tom that he didn't have to come.
You should have told Tom that he wasn't supposed to do that.
You should have told me that I was doing that the wrong way.
I didn't read the instructions as carefully as I should have.
I really should have told Tom why he was supposed to do that.
I should have known Tom wouldn't do what we wanted him to do.
I should have known better than to call Tom so late at night.
I should have told Tom why he wasn't supposed to leave early.
I should have told you the truth about me from the beginning.
I still think we should have stayed home and just watched TV.
I think we should have turned left at that last intersection.
Tom left at 2:30, so he should have arrived in Boston by now.
Tom should have been alone, but he was with three other guys.
Tom should have been outside playing with the other children.
Tom should have waited until Mary got there to before I left.
You really should have been more clear about what you wanted.
Disneyland was very interesting. You should have come with us.
I should have tried harder to get the report finished on time.
I've made some mistakes that I should have been able to avoid.
Tom and Mary never should have tried doing that by themselves.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary should have done that.
Tom should have listened more carefully to Mary's explanation.
Tom should have told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
You should have told me you weren't planning on going with us.
I tried to tell Tom we should have contacted you before coming.
Tom has just finished doing what he should have done last week.
Tom said I should have stayed in Boston for another week or so.
Tom says he would've written more if he'd known he should have.
Tom should have been home at the time he told Mary he would be.
Tom thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should have been.
I guess I should have expected something like this might happen.
I should have anticipated that Tom wouldn't get along with Mary.
I should have told Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
Tom said that wasn't the main reason Mary should have done that.
You could have heard a pin drop in the restaurant after Mary slapped Tom in the face, threw a glass of wine over him and stomped out.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could have been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:if Tom hadn't come over and started talking to me.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that if he'd thought she could have done it by herself.
Tom could have been present at today's meeting, but he didn't want to be, so he wasn't.
Tom could have become an excellent surgeon, but instead became a mediocre psychologist.
Tom thinks that if he had done that earlier, he could have avoided a lot of problems.
You could have saved me a trip if you'd just told me I didn't need to be here today.
Tom didn't have to stay home to help us. Mary and I could have done it by ourselves.
Tom could have been the one responsible for what happened, but I don't think he was.
You didn't need to stay home to help us. Tom and I could have done it by ourselves.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:if Tom hadn't started talking to me.
Tom could have been the one responsible for what happened, but we don't think so.
Tom thinks if he had done that earlier, he could have avoided a lot of problems.
Tom could have been finished doing that by now if he hadn't wasted so much time.
Tom and I could have saved ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves.
Tom could have been finished doing that by 2:if he'd worked a little faster.
There was nothing that you could have done to stop Tom from doing what he did.
If I'd had just a little more money, I could have bought that camera I wanted.
I could have stayed in Boston for a couple of more days, but I didn't want to.
You could have saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.
Tom didn't need to stay home to help us. We could have done it by ourselves.
Tom didn't have to stay home to help us. We could have done it by ourselves.
If we'd arrived a few minutes earlier, we could have found somewhere to sit.
I could have been finished doing that by 2:if I'd worked a little faster.
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could have done that by himself.
Tom could have gotten home by Monday evening if he hadn't missed his plane.
Tom thinks that if he'd tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom could have been the one responsible for what happened, but I doubt it.
If I'd known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
I wonder where the ice cream is. Do you think Tom could have eaten it all?
Tom wouldn't have asked you for help if he could have done it by himself.
Tom could have saved me a lot of time if he'd told me about that earlier.
Tom could have been quicker at doing that than Mary if he'd tried harder.
Tom could have been lonely, but even if he was, he wouldn't have told us.
It would've been great if you could have been here for my birthday party.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do that if he could have done it himself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could have done that by herself.
Tom could have gone anywhere in the world, but he chose to stay at home.
Tom could have been interested, but he didn't seem to show any interest.
I wouldn't have asked you for help if I could have done that by myself.
I can't see how anybody could have accomplished this without some help.
I could have gone to the seaside, but I went to the mountains instead.
Tom thinks if he'd tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
I could have been finished doing that by now if you hadn't been here.
Think of how much worse it could have been if Tom hadn't been there.
I wouldn't have asked you to do that if I could have done it myself.
I could have been the first one to do that, but I didn't want to be.
We could have saved Tom if we'd arrived just a few minutes earlier.
Tom would probably have done something about that if he could have.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could have done that by herself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could have done that by herself.
There's nothing you could have done to prevent that from happening.
You could have won the race if you'd run just a little bit faster.
Nothing we could have done would've prevented this from happening.
I could have visited Boston, but decided to go to Chicago instead.
I could have tried harder to get along with everyone in the class.
Perhaps if you'd given me ample warning, I could have been ready.
If I could have spoken French better, I might've gotten that job.
You could have called and let me know you were going to be late.
Tom said that he would've done that by himself if he could have.
There are some things we could have change, but we chose not to.
I could have been the first one to do that if I'd wanted to be.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could have done that by herself.
Tom said Mary would've done that by herself if she could have.
There was nothing Tom could have done to prevent the accident.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could have succeeded.
If you'd been a little more patient, you could have done that.
I think Tom and I could have solved that problem by ourselves.
You could have done that if you'd had a little more patience.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could have done that.
These pictures could have been taken at that time, I suppose.
If Tom could have been here, it would've meant a lot to Mary.
Tom said that Mary could have probably done that by herself.
Tom could have been punished for what he did, but he wasn't.
I think Tom could have done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
You could have gone home early yesterday if you'd wanted to.
You could have done that in a lot less time if you'd tried.
Tom wasn't the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom said he would've done that by himself if he could have.
It would've been great if we could have done that together.
If I'd known that Tom needed help, I could have helped him.
I think Tom and I could have done that faster by ourselves.
I don't think Tom could have done that without Mary's help.
I could have gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't want to.
Do you have any idea where Tom could have hidden the money?
We could have waited, but we decided to leave without Tom.
Tom isn't the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom could have been the one responsible for what happened.
Tom could have been in Boston by now if he'd wanted to be.
There's no way anyone other than Tom could have done this.
The only person who could have possibly done that was Tom.
It would've been great if we could have traveled together.
If only I had gotten here sooner, I could have helped Tom.
You think Tom could have done that on his own, don't you?
You didn't have to come here. You could have just called.
Tom didn't have to shout. We could have heard him anyway.
Tom could have been suspicious, but he didn't seem to be.
Tom could have been frightened, but he didn't seem to be.
I don't think Tom could have done that without some help.
Don't you think you could have done that without my help?
You're not suggesting Tom could have done that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could have done that, are you?
Tom was the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could have done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary could have done that.
Tom didn't need to come here. He could have just called.
Tom didn't have to come here. He could have just called.
There's no way Tom could have done what you said he did.
If Tom could have spoken French, he'd have had more fun.
I wonder if Tom could have been involved in an accident.
Tom was the only other person who could have done that.
Tom is the only one who could have stolen Mary's money.
Tom did a lot for us, but he could have done much more.
That was the best thing that could have happened to me.
If you'd helped me, I could have done that much faster.
If you'd come a little earlier, you could have met Tom.
I don't think I could have done that without your help.
With a little more patience, you could have done that.
Tom isn't suggesting Mary could have done that, is he?
Tom is the only other person who could have done that.
Tom could have given me some advice if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have been nervous, but he didn't seem to be.
Tom could have been frightened, but he didn't show it.
Nobody could have known that this was going to happen.
It would've been great if we could have sung together.
If I'd known Tom needed help, I could have helped him.
I wish you could have met Tom when you were in Boston.
I wish I could have stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish I could have eaten at that restaurant with you.
I think Tom could have solved that problem by himself.
I think Tom and I could have gotten home by ourselves.
I don't understand how I could have made this mistake.
You could have let me know you were going to be late.
Tom would've come to Boston with us if he could have.
Tom said that he would've done that if he could have.
Tom didn't have to take a taxi. He could have walked.
Tom could have called the police if he had wanted to.
Tom could have been sleepy, but he didn't seem to be.
Tom could have been mad, but he didn't look that way.
There's no way Tom could have done this without help.
If I'd known Tom's address, I could have visited him.
I think Tom could have done that without Mary's help.
With a little more effort, Tom could have succeeded.
What happened to Tom could have happened to anybody.
What Tom thinks happened could have easily happened.
Tom would've left early if he'd known he could have.
Tom could have turned pro if he hadn't been injured.
Tom could have stopped doing that if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have figured that out without Mary's help.
Tom could have done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have been right, but I think he was wrong.
Tom could have been intoxicated, but he acted sober.
If we'd left by 2:30, we could have arrived on time.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to do that for us.
I think Tom would've stayed longer if he could have.
I think Tom could have stopped Mary from doing that.
I think Tom and I could have done that by ourselves.
I probably could have done that if I'd tried harder.
Don't you think Tom could have done that by himself?
What happened to Tom could have happened to anyone.
Tom would've done that by himself if he could have.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could have done that.
Tom isn't the only person who could have done that.
Tom could have stayed home today if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have been a professional baseball player.
Tom and I could have done that faster by ourselves.
There's no way Tom could have done this by himself.
I'm the only other person who could have done that.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could have.
I would've come to Boston with you if I could have.
I think Tom could have done that without your help.
I think Tom could have done that faster by himself.
I could have gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
I could have been a professional basketball player.
Tom could have been scared, but he didn't show it.
Tom and Mary could have gotten home by themselves.
Maybe we could have prevented this from happening.
I wonder what could have made Tom change his mind.
I don't think Tom could have done that any better.
I don't know how I could have made such a mistake.
You could have seriously hurt yourself yesterday.
Tom said that he could have done that on his own.
Tom said that he could have done that by himself.
Tom said that Mary could have probably done that.
Tom could have won if he'd tried a little harder.
Tom could have refused to do that, but he didn't.
Tom could have figured that out without any help.
No one could have known this was going to happen.
I'd have come to Boston with you if I could have.
I think Tom could have done that without my help.
I think Tom could have been reluctant to do that.
I could have stopped doing that if I'd wanted to.
I could have gotten involved, but I chose not to.
Do you have any idea what could have caused this?
You were the only one who could have helped Tom.
You could have jeopardized the entire operation.
Tom would've done that already if he could have.
Tom said he would've done that if he could have.
Tom said Mary could have gotten home by herself.
Tom isn't the only one who could have done that.
Tom is the only person who could have done that.
Tom could have protected Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have called the police, but he didn't.
Tom could have been there, but I didn't see him.
Tom and Mary could have done that by themselves.
Is it possible that we could have been followed?
If I'd had enough money, I could have bought it.
I wish you could have seen the stars last night.
I wish my friends could have been there with me.
I wish I could have slept for another few hours.
I think that accident could have been prevented.
I could have been injured, but luckily I wasn't.
How that could have happened is a mystery to me.
You were the only one who could have helped me.
You could have left earlier if you'd wanted to.
What happened to Tom could have happened to me.
Tom probably could have told us how to do that.
There's no way I could have refused to do that.
I think Tom could have been tempted to do that.
I never could have done this without your help.
I could have told you that was going to happen.
I could have done this without your permission.
You could have told me. I would've understood.
Tom said that Mary could have done that alone.
Tom said Mary could have done that on her own.
Tom said Mary could have done that by herself.
Tom could have solved that problem by himself.
Tom could have had this job if he'd wanted it.
Tom could have done that, but he chose not to.
Tom could have done that if he'd tried harder.
Tom could have been troubled by what happened.
Tom could have been first if he'd asked to be.
There was nothing you could have done to help.
Surely there was something we could have done.
No one could have stopped Tom from doing that.
If I'd been with you, I could have helped you.
If I'd been a bird, I could have flown to you.
I'm not the only one who could have done that.
I wish things could have happened differently.
I wish that I could have gone to your concert.
I wish that I could have been there yesterday.
I wish I could have done something about that.
I think that I could have done that by myself.
I think Tom could have gotten home by himself.
I just wish you could have been there with me.
I don't understand how it could have happened.
I could have refused to do that, but I didn't.
I could have done better if I'd had more time.
Do you have any idea who could have done this?
We could have left earlier if we'd wanted to.
Tom would've gone to Boston if he could have.
Tom probably could have told us how to do it.
Tom is the only one who could have done that.
Tom could have said something, but he didn't.
Tom could have done that without Mary's help.
Tom could have done that if you'd helped him.
Tom could have done that by himself, I think.
Tom could have been the first one to do that.
Tom could have been punished for what he did.
Tom could have been arrested for what he did.
The only guy who could have told us has died.
Not even Tom could have done this by himself.
I'd have done that by myself if I could have.
I wish Tom could have seen Mary win the race.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to join us.
I wish I could have persuaded Tom to do that.
I think you could have done this by yourself.
I think you could have done that on your own.
I think Tom could have been offended by that.
You think I could have done that, don't you?
You could have stayed quiet, but you didn't.
Who could have ever expected this to happen?
Tom's the only one who could have done this.
Tom would've stayed longer if he could have.
Tom would've gone with you if he could have.
Tom said that he could have done that alone.
Tom said he could have done that on his own.
Tom said he could have done that by himself.
Tom did that a lot better than I could have.
Tom could have retired, but he chose not to.
Tom could have left early if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have killed you if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have been the last one to do that.
Tom could have been excused from doing that.
Tom could have answered all those questions.
Tom could have and should've said something.
Tom could have and should've done something.
Tom and I could have done that by ourselves.
Someone else could have sent these messages.
Nobody but you could have done it this well.
It could have been worse. You could have died.
I think we could have done more to help Tom.
I think Tom could have done that on his own.
I think Tom could have done that by himself.
I know I could have done that, but I didn't.
I doubt Tom could have done that any better.
I could have helped you if you had asked me.
Do you think it could have been done better?
You could have excused Tom from doing that.
Tom did that much better than I could have.
Tom could have done that without your help.
Tom could have done that if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have done that faster by himself.
Tom could have and should've stayed longer.
There's only one place Tom could have gone.
Somebody could have followed us, I suppose.
If you'd helped me, I could have done that.
If I could have prevented this, I would've.
I'd have been here earlier if I could have.
I wish we could have gone a little further.
I could have done that, but I chose not to.
I could have done that better than Tom did.
I could have done much better if I'd tried.
You could have told me about this earlier.
We could have done this without your help.
Tom could have told me about this earlier.
Tom could have lied to you, but he didn't.
Tom could have done that without our help.
Tom could have been in Boston last Monday.
Tom could have been a little more helpful.
There was nothing anybody could have done.
Someone could have followed us, I suppose.
I'm the only one who could have done that.
I would've gone to Boston if I could have.
I wish that I could have seen Tom do that.
I think Tom could have refused to do that.
I don't know how this could have happened.
I could have done that without Tom's help.
I could have done that if you'd helped me.
I could have done that by myself, I think.
Do you realize you could have been killed?
You probably could have done that better.
What could have possessed you to do that?
What could have possessed Tom to do that?
We could have managed without Tom's help.
Tom wished Mary could have gone with him.
Tom said Mary could have done that alone.
Tom probably could have done that better.
Tom knows he could have done that better.
Tom could have simply refused to do that.
Tom could have done that without my help.
Tom could have complained, but he didn't.
Tom could have and should've helped Mary.
Neither of us could have done that alone.
I wish you could have been there with me.
I wish that I could have helped you more.
I wish that I could have helped Tom more.
I wish Tom could have come to my concert.
I wish Tom could have been with us today.
I think you could have been more patient.
I think I could have done that by myself.
I don't see how they could have survived.
I don't know what else I could have done.
I could have told Tom that, but I didn't.
I could have done that without your help.
Don't you think you could have done that?
Do you know how that could have happened?
You could have done that if you'd tried.
We wish we could have done more to help.
Tom would've helped us if he could have.
Tom would've done that if he could have.
Tom would've been here if he could have.
Tom wondered where Mary could have gone.
Tom knew he could have done that better.
Tom could have received a life sentence.
Tom could have done that, but he didn't.
Tom could have been killed that morning.
It's everything we could have hoped for.
Is it possible Tom could have done that?
I'd have gone to Boston if I could have.
I wish there was more I could have done.
I wish that I could have seen Tom dance.
I wish Tom could have done that with us.
I wish I could have done the same thing.
I think you could have done that better.
I think we could have done more to help.
I think Tom could have done that better.
I take it things could have gone better.
I could have gone, but I didn't want to.
I could have done that if I'd wanted to.
I could have done that faster by myself.
I could have done it by myself, I think.
Who could have foreseen this happening?
Tom wished he could have stayed longer.
Tom said he could have done that alone.
I'd have gone with Tom if I could have.
I wish you could have seen Tom do that.
I wish I could have done that with you.
I think we could have done that better.
I probably could have done that better.
I don't think Tom could have done that.
I could have simply refused to do that.
I could have lied to you, but I didn't.
Don't you think I could have done that?
You could have answered that question.
Tom said that he could have done that.
Tom could have been seriously injured.
Tom could have been sentenced to life.
There was nothing Tom could have done.
That could have screwed everything up.
Is it possible Tom could have done it?
I would've left early if I could have.
I wish you could have seen Tom's face.
I wish I could have done what Tom did.
I wish I could have done more to help.
I wish I could have done it by myself.
I think Tom could have been a teacher.
I think I could have done that better.
I don't know what could have happened.
I could have waited longer, I suppose.
I could have shown you how to do that.
Do you think Tom could have done that?
You could have done that on your own.
You could have done that by yourself.
Who could have eaten all the bananas?
We could have done that by ourselves.
Tom would've stayed if he could have.
Tom could have won if he'd wanted to.
Tom could have been more cooperative.
Tom and Mary could have been friends.
Something could have been overlooked.
Mary could have been the flower girl.
I would've done that if I could have.
I wish you could have seen Tom dance.
I wish you could have heard Tom sing.
I wish I could have seen it up close.
I suppose I could have waited longer.
I know I could have done that better.
I don't think I could have done that.
I could have sworn I heard something.
I could have done that, but I didn't.
I could have and should've done that.
You could have really hurt yourself.
What could have given you that idea?
We could have had some fun together.
Tom could have said something first.
Tom could have done that on his own.
Tom could have done that by himself.
Tom could have done better, I think.
Tom could have died in the accident.
Tom could have been more supportive.
This could have happened to anybody.
There was nothing I could have done.
Nothing could have made Tom happier.
I'd have helped you if I could have.
I'd have helped Tom if I could have.
I wish that I could have helped Tom.
I wish that I could have eaten more.
I wish that I could have been there.
I wish I could have helped you more.
I could have written it much better.
I could have waited longer, I guess.
I could have objected, but I didn't.
Anyone could have done what you did.
You could have sent Tom some money.
You could have let me know earlier.
You could have done that yesterday.
What could have changed Tom's mind?
We could have done it by ourselves.
Tom would've gone if he could have.
Tom said Mary could have done that.
Tom could have given me more money.
Tom could have fallen to his death.
Tom could have done that yesterday.
This could have happened to anyone.
It certainly could have been worse.
I'd have done that if I could have.
I wonder where Tom could have gone.
I wish you could have seen Tom run.
I wish you could have come with us.
I wish that I could have done that.
I wish Tom could have come with me.
I thought I could have done better.
I really wish I could have met Tom.
I guess I could have waited longer.
I guess I could have made the time.
I could have tried harder, I guess.
I could have sworn I saw something.
You really could have gotten hurt.
You could have talked to me first.
You could have stayed at my place.
You could have done that yourself.
We could have been great together.
Tom said it could have been worse.
Tom could have talked to me first.
Tom could have stayed at my place.
Tom could have refused to do that.
Tom could have hurt himself today.
Tom could have done it by himself.
Tom could have died of starvation.
That could have been embarrassing.
Nothing more could have been done.
I wonder who could have done that.
I wish I could have talked to Tom.
I wish I could have stayed longer.
I wish I could have spoken to Tom.
I wish I could have played better.
I wish I could have gone with Tom.
I could have done better, I think.
You could have ruined everything.
You could have just talked to me.
Tom said he could have done that.
Tom could have told us the truth.
Tom could have ruined everything.
Tom could have called the police.
Tom could have been more careful.
This could have been devastating.
No one could have predicted that.
It could have happened to anyone.
It could have been worse for Tom.
I wish Tom could have been there.
I think Tom could have done that.
I think I could have done better.
I could have played a lot better.
I could have done that on my own.
I could have done that by myself.
You could have stayed in Boston.
You could have resuscitated Tom.
You could have gone by yourself.
You could have done that better.
You could have been really hurt.
What could have happened to Tom?
We wish we could have done more.
Tom could have stayed in Boston.
Tom could have figured that out.
Tom could have done that better.
Tom could have done much better.
Tom could have been back sooner.
This could have been a disaster.
Nobody could have expected this.
I'd have stayed if I could have.
I wish Tom could have come, too.
I think we could have done more.
I know what you could have done.
I know I could have done better.
I feel I could have done better.
I could have refused to do that.
You could have told me earlier.
You could have killed somebody.
You could have all been killed.
Tom probably could have helped.
Tom could have told me earlier.
Tom could have taken the money.
Tom could have killed somebody.
Tom could have had a long life.
Tom could have gone by himself.
Tom could have died that night.
Tom could have broken his neck.
Tom could have bought this car.
Tom could have been badly hurt.
That could have happened to me.
That could have been prevented.
Nobody could have planned this.
No one could have stopped that.
I wish you could have seen Tom.
I wish I could have helped Tom.
I wish I could have been there.
I could have hurt myself today.
I could have done that for you.
I could have done a better job.
You could have killed us both.
You could have been one of us.
Who else could have done this?
Who else could have done that?
Who could have predicted this?
We could have called for help.
Tom could have said something.
Tom could have protected Mary.
Tom could have kicked himself.
Tom could have done something.
Tom could have been one of us.
Tom could have been a teacher.
Tom could have asked me first.
They could have gone anywhere.
I'd have gone if I could have.
I wish you could have met Tom.
I wish I could have seen them.
I wish I could have done more.
I could have done that better.
I could have done much better.
I could have been a contender.
You could have waited longer.
We could have made a fortune.
Tom could have waited longer.
Tom could have used the help.
Tom could have saved himself.
Tom could have hurt me worse.
Tom could have done anything.
Tom could have been offended.
Tom could have been mistaken.
Tom could have been confused.
Tom could have been arrested.
Tom could have been anywhere.
This could have been my life.
Nobody could have guessed it.
No one could have stopped me.
I wish I could have seen Tom.
I could have caught that bus.
You could have talked to me.
You could have come with me.
You could have been the one.
Who else could have done it?
What could have caused this?
Tom could have talked to me.
Tom could have stayed quiet.
Tom could have hurt himself.
Tom could have had this job.
Tom could have come with me.
Tom could have been the one.
Tom could have been injured.
They could have done better.
That could have gone better.
That ball could have hit me.
People could have been hurt.
No one could have done that.
I wish we could have helped.
I wish I could have met Tom.
I could have helped you out.
I could have gone last week.
You could have walked away.
You could have taken notes.
You could have just called.
You could have been killed.
Who could have foreseen it?
We could have taken a taxi.
Tom could have walked away.
Tom could have followed us.
Tom could have done better.
Tom could have been warned.
Tom could have been killed.
Tom could have been faster.
Tom could have been afraid.
They could have killed you.
That car could have hit me.
It could have been a trick.
I wish Tom could have come.
I wish I could have helped.
I could have been mistaken.
I could have been like you.
You could have invited me.
We could have fought back.
We could have done better.
Tom could have stopped it.
Tom could have killed you.
Tom could have invited me.
Tom could have been tired.
Tom could have been lying.
It could have been better.
You could have warned me.
You could have fooled me.
You could have done that.
You could have come over.
You could have been hurt.
Who could have done this?
Who could have done that?
What could have happened?
We could have helped you.
We could have helped Tom.
Tom could have warned me.
Tom could have killed me.
Tom could have helped me.
Tom could have done that.
Tom could have been hurt.
They could have run away.
No one could have helped.
It could have been a gun.
I could have told you so.
I could have sung better.
I could have married Tom.
I could have done better.
You could have run away.
You could have asked me.
We could have done that.
We could have done more.
Tom could have survived.
Tom could have run away.
Tom could have heard us.
I could have stopped it.
I could have left early.
I could have helped you.
I could have died today.
You could have written.
You could have said no.
You could have knocked.
You could have changed.
Tom could have told me.
Tom could have shot me.
Tom could have said no.
Tom could have refused.
Tom could have drowned.
Tom could have done it.
Tom could have changed.
That could have hit me.
My son could have died.
It could have been Tom.
I could have done that.
You could have called.
We could have managed.
We could have escaped.
I could have used it.
I could have said no.
I could have drowned.
I could have changed.
You could have gone.
You could have died.
Tom could have gone.
Tom could have died.
You could have run.
We could have died.
I could have cried.
If Tom had been able to speak French better, he would have been able to tell everybody how he really felt.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't told Mary that he'd spent three years in prison.
No one would have remembered Tom if he hadn't painted his name on the ceiling of the classroom.
Tom couldn't help thinking that he would have passed the test if he'd studied a little harder.
I'm surprised Tom's still alive. I thought he would have drunk himself to death years ago.
Tom and Mary wondered what their lives would have been like if they'd married each other.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would have been better off if he'd gone to college.
None of this would have happened if you'd paid attention to what you were doing.
I would have arrived earlier if there hadn't been a traffic jam on Park Street.
Tom would have been thirty years old today if he hadn't passed away last year.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
If only I'd been a couple of years older, they would have let me into the bar.
I think Tom would have been here today if he'd known Mary was going to b here.
This never would have happened if you'd done it the way I told you to do it.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
Tom would have turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
Tom would have liked to stay longer, but he had to get back to the office.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't done it for him yesterday.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Boston last week.
If Tom had been a little more patient, he would have been able to do that.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would have been able to do that.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would have advised him not to do that.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if you'd shown him how.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if Mary had helped him.
It would have been great if you could've been here for my birthday party.
If you'd left a little earlier, you would have avoided the heavy traffic.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would have been able to do that.
If they'd left a little earlier, they would have avoided the traffic jam.
If I'd known about his illness, I would have visited him in the hospital.
We would have gone home early, but Tom asked us to stay a little longer.
Tom would have made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
Tom would have died when he fell of the roof if he'd landed on his head.
If you had told me you were planning to go, I would have waited for you.
If you had asked for my advice, I would have advised you not to do that.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would have advised him not to do that.
If I'd known what was about to happen, I would have gotten out of there.
Tom would have missed the train if he'd stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom said that he would have done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
Tom said that he would have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom said that he would have done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they'd gone to a bank.
The meeting would have gone a lot differently if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have told you this before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
Tom would have done that correctly the first time if you'd helped him.
Tom would have done it correctly the first time if you had helped him.
Tom never would have asked. He'd just have done it without permission.
If Tom had been a friend of mine, I would have advised him to do that.
If I'd known that was going to happen, I would have gone home earlier.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't volunteered to help me.
After what happened, I would have thought Tom would go back to Boston.
Tom would have liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would have done that right the first time if Mary had helped him.
Tom wondered what his life would have been like if he'd married Mary.
None of this would have been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
I would have missed the train if I'd stopped to buy something to eat.
I probably would have been forgiven for doing that if I'd apologized.
If you had asked for my advice, I would have advised you to do that.
If Tom hadn't been working last weekend, he would have gone fishing.
If Tom had understood French, he would have known what was going on.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would have advised him to do that.
I probably would have participated if I'd known about it in advance.
Tom's the last person I would have expected to have a heart attack.
Tom would have gotten away with it if Mary hadn't seen you do that.
Tom would have done that by now if he was really planning to do it.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he'd thought it was important.
Tom said that he would have come to the party if he'd been invited.
That never would have happened if you'd done what I told you to do.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought that painting for you.
If I had known you needed help, I would have stayed and helped you.
I'm sure Tom would have been unable to do that without Mary's help.
I know Tom would have been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
You would have gotten away with doing that if Tom hadn't seen you.
Tom said he would have done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
Tom said he would have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom said he would have done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
Nothing we could've done would have prevented this from happening.
I'm glad you didn't tell Tom. That would have ruined the surprise.
I would have told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come to help me.
With a little more patience, Tom would have been able to do that.
Tom would have won the race if he'd run just a little bit faster.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Boston all summer.
If Tom had been here, it definitely would have made a difference.
If I'd left a little earlier, I would have caught the last train.
I would have left before Tom got here if I'd known he was coming.
I don't think Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Do you think things would have gone differently if I'd been here?
Can you imagine what would have happened if we hadn't been there?
Tom would have gone to jail if he hadn't had such a good lawyer.
Tom thinks that if he had done that, Mary would have been upset.
Tom said that he would have done that by himself if he could've.
This would have been your room if you'd decided to stay with us.
If you'd left home a little earlier you would have been on time.
If Tom had stayed in his hometown, he never would have met Mary.
I would have told you earlier, but I didn't want to ruin dinner.
I wish I would have been more aware of what was going to happen.
Do you realize what would have happened if you hadn't helped us?
Tom would have been forgiven for doing that if he'd apologized.
Tom says he would have written more if he'd known he should've.
If you'd studied harder, you would have passed the examination.
If Tom had been a little more careful, he would have succeeded.
If I'd been there, I would have suggested doing something else.
I would have gone to prison if I hadn't had such a good lawyer.
I would have done that right the first time if you'd helped me.
I would have been able to do that if somebody had shown me how.
We would have enjoyed our trip if it hadn't been for the rain.
We would have been able to do this faster if Tom weren't here.
Tom would have left by now if he was really planning to leave.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't helped him.
Tom would have done that by himself if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would have been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
Tom said that he would have done that if he'd known he had to.
Tom said he would have come to the party if he'd been invited.
Tom said Mary would have done that by herself if she could've.
Three years ago something like this would have never happened.
If you'd run all the way, you would have gotten there in time.
If you'd been a little more patient, you would have succeeded.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have written him a letter.
I would have gone to Boston with you if my parents had let me.
I would have bought that if the price had been a little lower.
I would have been able to do that if someone had shown me how.
You would have gotten away with it if Tom hadn't told on you.
Tom would have let you drive if you'd told him you wanted to.
Tom would have come to Boston with me if he hadn't been busy.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would have done that.
It would have been better if you had gone to Boston with Tom.
It probably would have been dangerous to do that by yourself.
If you'd told me you wanted it, I would have given it to you.
If it hadn't been for the storm, I would have arrived sooner.
If doing that had been important to me, I would have done it.
If Tom could've been here, it would have meant a lot to Mary.
I probably would have been able to do that without your help.
Do you think Tom would have done it the same way Mary did it?
Tom would have never done that if Mary had asked him not to.
Tom would have been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Tom never would have done that if Mary had asked him not to.
If you'd been there, we would have had a good time together.
If Tom had tried harder, he would have been able to do that.
If I'd known your telephone number, I would have called you.
If I'd had more money, I would have bought a better bicycle.
If I hadn't overslept, I would have been in time for school.
I would have been there by now if my car hadn't broken down.
I think I would have heard the door open if Tom had come in.
I probably would have been able to do that without any help.
Do you think Tom would have enjoyed going to Boston with us?
Without Tom's help, Mary would have been unable to do that.
Tom would have never done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
Tom would have done that himself if he'd had more the time.
Tom thinks if he had done that, Mary would have been upset.
Tom thinks Mary would have come if someone had invited her.
Tom said he would have done that by himself if he could've.
Tom never would have done what you've accused him of doing.
Tom never would have done that if Mary hadn't asked him to.
None of this would have happened if we'd been more careful.
It would have probably been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It would have been great if we could've done that together.
If you hadn't told me not to do that, I would have done it.
If there had been a problem, Tom would have said something.
If Tom really liked me, he would have called me last night.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
If I hadn't come to Boston, this never would have happened.
I would have told you, but Tom made me promise not to tell.
I would have shown you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
Do you think Tom would have done that if we'd asked him to?
What would have happened if Tom hadn't been there to help?
Tom would have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom would have been unable to do that without Mary's help.
It would have been safer to do that the way Tom suggested.
It would have been great if we could've traveled together.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't bought Mary a gun.
It probably would have been unsafe to do that by yourself.
If you'd stayed here, you would have had a very good time.
If Tom was planning to get married, he would have told me.
If Tom was planning not to be here, he would have told me.
If Tom had tried harder, he would have been able to do it.
If Tom had left at 2:30, he would have gotten here by now.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have apologized to Tom if I'd thought I needed to.
I never would have expected something like this to happen.
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that for Mary?
Can you think of anyone who would have wanted to kill Tom?
You're the last person I would have expected to see here.
Tom would have never done that if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom would have been late if Mary hadn't given him a ride.
Tom said he would have done that if he'd known he had to.
There was a time that I would have done anything for Tom.
Perhaps it would have been better if we hadn't done that.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Australia.
If you'd parked your car here, you would have been fined.
If Tom had studied harder, he would have passed the test.
If Tom had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would have visited Mary.
If Tom had asked me for it, I would have given it to him.
If I had known how to do it, I would have done it myself.
I would have given Tom some money if I'd had any to give.
I would have done that by myself if Tom hadn't helped me.
I would have been unable to do that if you hadn't helped.
I think it would have been better if we hadn't done that.
I never would have imagined Tom would be able to do that.
I don't think Tom would have tried to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom would have tried doing that by himself.
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that for him?
Can you think of any reason why Tom would have done that?
Without Tom's help, I would have been unable to do that.
What would have happened to Tom if he hadn't left early?
What do you think Tom would have done in that situation?
Tom would have done that for Mary if he'd had more time.
Tom would have called Mary if he'd had her phone number.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would have done that.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary would have done that.
Nobody would have gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
It would have been nice if Tom had told us he'd be late.
If we had children, we would have bought a bigger house.
If Tom had told me the truth, I would have forgiven him.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would have helped Mary.
If I'd known about the meeting, I would have been there.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have written to him.
If I had something to say, I would have already said it.
If I had seen Tom yesterday, I would have talked to him.
If I had known your email address, I would have written.
I would have talked to Tom instead of just ignoring him.
I would have never done that if Tom had asked me not to.
I would have done it by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have bought more clothes if I had had the money.
I think we would have lost if our team had played yours.
I think Tom would have noticed if anything were missing.
I don't think Tom would have had the courage to do that.
Without your help, I would have been unable to do that.
What would have happened to Tom if he hadn't done that?
Tom would have done that himself if he'd had known how.
They would have found Tom if they'd only looked harder.
There's no way Tom would have done what you say he did.
It would have been better if you'd stayed in Australia.
It would have been better if you'd done that yesterday.
If you'd stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
If you'd left earlier, you would have caught the train.
If you'd asked me for it, I would have given it to you.
If it were possible, someone would have done it by now.
I would have stopped doing that if you had asked me to.
I would have stopped doing that if Tom had asked me to.
I would have never done that if Tom hadn't asked me to.
I would have been unable to do that without Tom's help.
I would have been able to do that if Tom had helped me.
I probably would have done the same thing that Tom did.
Do you think Tom would have done something that stupid?
Tom would have done that himself if he'd known how to.
Tom would have been worried if Mary hadn't been there.
Tom thinks Mary would have come if she'd been invited.
Tom says he would have done that if we'd asked him to.
That never would have happened if Tom hadn't shown up.
It would have been great if we could've sung together.
It would have been better if Tom had stayed in Boston.
If you'd asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
If would have been good to do that, so why didn't you?
If there was a problem, Tom would have said something.
If Tom had asked me for help, I would have helped him.
If I'd wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
If I'd had enough money, I would have bought the book.
I would have told you, but Tom made me promise not to.
I would have never done that if Tom hadn't been there.
I would have done that myself if I'd had known how to.
I would have been unable to do that without your help.
I don't think Tom would have permitted you to do that.
I don't think I would have had the courage to do that.
What would have happened to me if I hadn't done that?
Tom would have come to Boston with us if he could've.
Tom said that he would have done that if he could've.
Tom said that he would have come if we'd invited him.
This never would have happened if Tom had been there.
The plan would have worked, if you hadn't interfered.
It would have been nice if you'd gotten here earlier.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't married Mary.
If you'd known, you would have told me, wouldn't you?
If my brother hadn't helped me, I would have drowned.
If anything bad had happened, I would have been told.
If Tom had known about the party, he would have come.
If I'd wanted your advice, I would have asked for it.
If I'd paid attention, I would have known what to do.
If I'd known Tom's address, I would have visited him.
If I were Tom, I would have punched Mary in the face.
I would have shown you how to do that if you'd asked.
I would have never met you if I hadn't broken my leg.
I would have let Tom drive if I'd known he wanted to.
I would have done that if I'd known it was necessary.
I would have been late if Tom hadn't given me a ride.
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to stay longer?
With a little more effort, Tom would have succeeded.
We would have stayed longer if we had had more time.
Tom would have left early if he'd known he could've.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't stopped him.
Tom would have been here if he knew he needed to be.
There were times I would have been lost without Tom.
Nobody would have done that if you hadn't been here.
No one would have done that if you hadn't been here.
It would have been nice if you'd helped me a little.
It would have been better if you'd stayed in Boston.
If we hadn't done that, it would have been more fun.
If my brother hadn't saved me, I would have drowned.
If Tom had been there, it would have been different.
If I'd stayed any longer, I would have gotten bored.
I'm pretty sure that Tom would have been happy here.
I would have never guessed that Tom was from Boston.
I would have gone to the movies if I'd had the time.
I would have done that for you if I'd had more time.
I would have done that for Tom if I'd had more time.
I would have done anything in the world to help Tom.
I would have called Tom if I'd had his phone number.
I think Tom would have stayed longer if he could've.
I think Tom would have helped us if he'd been there.
I don't think Tom would have allowed you to do that.
Do you have an idea what it would have meant to Tom?
Can you imagine what Tom's reaction would have been?
Tom would have done that if he'd had the chance to.
Tom would have done that by himself if he could've.
Tom would have been better at doing that than Mary.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would have done that.
Tom never would have left without telling me first.
It would have been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
It would have been better if you hadn't gone there.
If there had been a problem, Tom would have called.
If Tom hadn't rescued Mary, she would have drowned.
If Tom had really wanted to do that, he would have.
If I'd wanted your help, I would have asked for it.
If I'd been here, none of this would have happened.
If I hadn't had this map, I would have gotten lost.
I would have stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
I would have shown you how to do if you'd asked me.
I would have hugged Tom if I'd thought he'd let me.
I would have done that myself if I'd had more time.
I would have done that myself if I'd known how.
I would have come to Boston with you if I could've.
I would have been worried if Tom hadn't been there.
I think Tom would have helped us if he'd been here.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up.
What would have happened to Tom if he'd done that?
Tom would have won if he hadn't injured his ankle.
Tom would have liked to go to Boston last weekend.
Tom would have done that if he'd really wanted to.
Tom said Mary would have come if we'd invited her.
Tom really would have enjoyed doing that with you.
It would have been better if you hadn't said that.
It would have been better if you hadn't done that.
It would have been better if Tom hadn't done that.
If you'd told me earlier, I would have dressed up.
If you'd helped me, I would have finished earlier.
If you'd called me, I would have come to help you.
If you hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
If I'd had more time, I would have written to you.
I would have visited Boston if I'd had the chance.
I would have told you how to do if you'd asked me.
I would have gone to Boston if I'd had the chance.
I never would have thought that I'd meet you here.
I never would have guessed that Tom could do that.
You'd think Tom would have told someone about it.
You would have loved the restaurant where we ate.
What would have happened if Tom hadn't done that?
It would have been nice if you'd told me earlier.
It would have been better if we hadn't done that.
If you hadn't done that, someone else would have.
If we had done that, it would have been more fun.
If Tom hadn't done that, someone else would have.
I think Tom would have enjoyed tonight's concert.
I think Tom would have come if you'd invited him.
I never would have guessed you'd want to do that.
I don't know what we would have done without you.
I don't know what Tom would have done without me.
Do you think Tom would have wanted us to do that?
You would have enjoyed the movie we went to see.
Without your help, Tom would have probably died.
What would have happened to me if I'd done that?
We would have had fun if we'd gone to the party.
Tom would have gone with us if we'd invited him.
Tom would have done that already if he knew how.
Tom would have done that already if he could've.
Tom said he would have done that if he could've.
Tom said he would have come if we'd invited him.
If I hadn't done that, somebody else would have.
I would have done that if my parents had let me.
I would have done that if Tom hadn't stopped me.
I would have done that if I'd had the chance to.
I would have come even if you hadn't invited me.
I think it would have been difficult to do that.
Who would have thought we would get in trouble?
Tom would have wanted to go to Boston with you.
Tom would have succeeded if he'd worked harder.
Tom would have done that if you'd asked him to.
Tom would have died if Mary hadn't rescued him.
Tom would have been happy if you had done that.
It would have been wiser not to have done that.
If you'd just asked me, I would have done that.
If it had been important, I would have done it.
If I hadn't done that, someone else would have.
I would have won if I hadn't sprained my ankle.
I would have liked to have gone there with you.
I would have gone with you if you'd invited me.
I would have done that by myself I'd known how.
I don't think Tom would have said that to Mary.
Do you think Tom would have enjoyed doing that?
Do you think Tom would have done that that way?
You could've told me. I would have understood.
Tom would have succeeded if he'd tried harder.
Tom would have eaten more if he'd had time to.
Tom would have done it already if he knew how.
It would have been perfect if you'd been here.
It would have been better not to say anything.
If Tom had had time, he would have visited us.
If I had wanted it, I would have asked for it.
I'm sure Tom would have told me if he'd known.
I would have liked to do that, but I couldn't.
I would have eaten more if I hadn't been sick.
I would have done that, but you beat me to it.
I would have done that if you had asked me to.
I would have done that if Tom had asked me to.
I think Tom would have liked to be here today.
I don't think Tom would have done that for me.
You would have been wrong if you'd said that.
Who would have thought that Tom would change?
We never would have permitted Tom to do that.
Tom would have helped you if you'd asked him.
Tom would have gone to Boston if he could've.
Tom never would have dated someone like Mary.
There was a time when I would have done that.
It would have been safer to do that together.
It would have been nice if Tom had been here.
If you'd just asked me, I would have done it.
If you hadn't helped me, I would have failed.
If I'd known about it, I would have told you.
I would have done that if I'd had the chance.
I doubt that Tom would have done that for me.
I don't think Tom would have swum by himself.
I don't think Tom would have let you do that.
I don't think I would have gone there by car.
Do you think Tom would have done it this way?
Do you think Tom would have done it that way?
What would have happened if Tom had seen us?
Tom would have stayed longer if he could've.
Tom would have probably noticed the mistake.
Tom would have just smiled and said nothing.
Tom would have gone with you if he could've.
Tom would have done the same thing Mary did.
If we had done that, it would have been fun.
If he hadn't been tired, he would have gone.
If I'd had the time, I would have done that.
I would have succeeded if I'd worked harder.
I would have loved going to Boston with you.
I would have liked it if you'd come with us.
I would have helped you if you'd only asked.
I would have done that if you'd asked me to.
I would have done that if I'd had more time.
I would have done it, but you beat me to it.
I thought that's what you would have wanted.
I never would have permitted Tom to do that.
I don't think they would have done anything.
Tom would have helped us if we'd asked him.
Tom would have eaten more if he'd had time.
Tom would have done the same thing you did.
That's the same way I would have done that.
That would have saved a lot of aggravation.
That would have been the smart thing to do.
That would have been the right thing to do.
If you'd helped me, I would have succeeded.
If you'd asked me to do that, I would have.
If we had done that, we would have had fun.
If I could've prevented this, I would have.
I'm sure that's what Tom would have wanted.
I would have succeeded if I'd tried harder.
I would have liked to have done that again.
I think it would have been good to do that.
I think Tom would have done the same thing.
I probably would have been able to do that.
I never would have asked Tom that question.
Anyone else would have done the same thing.
Your parents would have been proud of you.
Tom would have wanted to do that with you.
Tom would have waited if you'd called him.
Tom would have failed without Mary's help.
There's no reason Tom would have run away.
That's not the way I would have done that.
It would have been interesting to do that.
In my place, Tom would have done the same.
If I'd wanted to go, I would have said so.
If I'd had time, I would have visited Tom.
I would have shown you how to do it right.
I would have never gone there without you.
I would have gone to Boston if I could've.
I would have done the same thing, I think.
I never would have allowed Tom to do that.
You would have failed without Tom's help.
I think I'm having a midlife crisis.
Without your help, I would have given up.
Who would have thought this would happen?
What would have happened if Tom had come?
Tom would have permitted Mary to do that.
Tom would have done the same thing I did.
Tom really would have enjoyed this movie.
It would have been ridiculous to do that.
It would have been impossible to do that.
It would have been depressing to do that.
If Tom hadn't done that, Mary would have.
I'm sure Tom's answer would have been no.
I would have told you how to do it right.
I would have helped you if you had asked.
I would have done the same thing you did.
I would have done the same thing Tom did.
I wish you would have just left me alone.
I think that would have been fascinating.
Can you imagine what Tom would have done?
Without Tom's help, I would have failed.
Tom would have shown you how to do that.
Tom would have probably offered to help.
Tom would have permitted you to do that.
Tom would have helped us if he could've.
Tom would have failed without your help.
Tom would have done that if he could've.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't.
Tom would have been here if he could've.
Tom would have been happy here, I think.
There's no way Tom would have done that.
That's the same thing I would have done.
It would have been unethical to do that.
It would have been expensive to do that.
It would have been difficult to do that.
It would have been dangerous to do that.
I would have wanted to do that with you.
I would have done that if I'd known how.
I would have advised you not to do that.
I would have advised Tom not to do that.
I never would have asked Tom to do that.
I just did what anybody would have done.
With Tom, it would have been different.
Tom would have wanted you to have this.
Tom would have never done such a thing.
Tom would have been willing to do that.
Tom would have allowed Mary to do that.
Tom never would have agreed to do that.
That's not something I would have done.
That isn't something I would have done.
It would have been romantic to do that.
It would have been possible to do that.
I would have failed without Tom's help.
I would have done that a different way.
I would have done exactly what you did.
I would have been happy to go with you.
I think my dad would have been pleased.
I don't think Tom would have said that.
I don't think Tom would have done that.
What do you think Tom would have said?
What do you think Tom would have done?
Tom would have wanted to do this, too.
Tom would have allowed you to do that.
That's the way I would have done that.
That's not how I would have done that.
It would have been foolish to do that.
If you hadn't done that, I would have.
If Tom hadn't done that, I would have.
I would have shown you how to do that.
I would have preferred not to be here.
I would have never done that that way.
I would have liked to have been there.
I would have left early if I could've.
I would have driven if Tom had let me.
I wonder how Tom would have done that.
Doing that would have been ridiculous.
Do you think Tom would have helped us?
Do you think Tom would have done that?
A little warning would have been nice.
Tom would have wanted to be included.
Tom would have told us if he'd known.
Tom would have stayed if he could've.
Tom would have liked to do that, too.
Tom never would have thought of that.
It would have been unsafe to do that.
It would have been tiring to do that.
It would have been stupid to do that.
I would have won if I hadn't tripped.
I would have told Tom if I had known.
I would have never done what Tom did.
I would have never done such a thing.
I would have liked to have been here.
I would have done that if I could've.
Tom would have liked to stay longer.
Tom would have been extremely angry.
Tom would have been able to do that.
Tom definitely would have liked you.
It would have been wrong to do that.
It would have been tough to do that.
It would have been smart to do that.
It would have been silly to do that.
It would have been risky to do that.
It would have been crazy to do that.
It would have been cheap to do that.
If I'd known, I would have told you.
I would have wanted to do that, too.
I would have been happy to help Tom.
I would have advised Tom to do that.
I doubt if Tom would have done that.
You would have enjoyed Tom's party.
Who would have thought it possible?
Tom's plan never would have worked.
Tom would have liked what you said.
Tom would have liked to go with us.
Tom would have kept his mouth shut.
Tom would have gone if he could've.
Tom would have done the same thing.
Nothing would have made me happier.
It would have been wise to do that.
It would have been safe to do that.
It would have been hard to do that.
It would have been easy to do that.
I would have told you if I'd known.
I would have never thought of that.
I would have done the same for Tom.
I would have done that differently.
I never would have thought of that.
I never would have let Tom do that.
A true friend would have helped me.
You would have seen it eventually.
Tom would have wanted it that way.
Tom would have probably done that.
Tom would have liked what you did.
Tom would have been able to do it.
That's how I would have done that.
That would have been entertaining.
That would have been embarrassing.
That would have been discourteous.
That would have been a good start.
That plan never would have worked.
It would have been fun to do that.
I would have rather played tennis.
I would have liked to stay longer.
I would have liked to go with you.
I wish you would have stayed home.
You would have loved the concert.
You would have liked the concert.
Tom would have wanted to do that.
Tom would have tried to stop you.
Tom would have made a difference.
Tom would have loved the concert.
Tom would have been proud of you.
Tom says he would have paid more.
I would have preferred you do it.
I would have bought that for you.
I think Tom would have killed me.
I think Tom would have done that.
I think Tom would have disagreed.
I never would have let Tom drive.
I never would have believed that.
I know Tom would have liked that.
Even Tom would have been shocked.
Tom would have loved this place.
Tom would have liked to do that.
Tom would have liked to be here.
Tom would have liked this movie.
Tom would have let Mary do that.
That's what Tom would have done.
That's how I would have done it.
It's what Tom would have wanted.
I never would have guessed that.
I never would have allowed that.
Doing that would have been easy.
A true friend would have helped.
You would have loved the movie.
Without you, I would have died.
Tom would have never done this.
Tom would have let you do that.
Tom would have heartily agreed.
Tom would have gone regardless.
Tom would have been happy here.
Tom never would have said that.
Tom never would have done this.
Tom never would have done that.
That would have been very nice.
That would have been hilarious.
I'm sure Tom would have agreed.
I would have tried to stop you.
I would have taken care of Tom.
I would have shut my phone off.
I would have never lied to you.
I would have loved to meet Tom.
I would have done that for you.
I would have bet my life on it.
Who would have predicted this?
Who else would have done that?
Tom would have been impressed.
Tom never would have hurt you.
Tom never would have given up.
That's what I would have done.
That would have been too much.
I would have liked to do that.
I would have done that anyway.
You would have done the same.
Tom would have thrown us out.
Tom would have liked to help.
Tom would have liked to come.
That would have been awesome.
That money would have helped.
I would have never done this.
I would have never done that.
I would have let Tom do that.
I would have had a good time.
I never would have said that.
I never would have hired Tom.
I never would have done that.
You would have loved Boston.
Who else would have done it?
We would have done anything.
Tom would have liked to win.
Tom would have let Mary win.
Tom would have been shocked.
That would have worked, too.
That would have been simple.
It would have been possible.
I would have thrown you out.
I would have sent Tom money.
I would have said something.
I never would have shot you.
I never would have hurt you.
I never would have given up.
Tom would have let you win.
Tom would have let me sing.
Tom would have left a note.
Tom never would have asked.
That would have suited Tom.
That would have been smart.
That would have been great.
That would have been awful.
No one would have listened.
It would have been so easy.
I would have played longer.
I would have let Tom do it.
I would have just given up.
I would have done anything.
Who would have thought it?
Tom would have won easily.
Tom would have understood.
Tom would have loved this.
Tom would have loved that.
Tom would have liked that.
Tom would have helped you.
Tom would have been proud.
Tom would have been great.
Tom would have been angry.
That would have been nice.
I would have said nothing.
I would have enjoyed that.
I would have been shocked.
You would have loved Tom.
You would have liked Tom.
Who would have done this?
Who would have done that?
Tom would have liked you.
Tom would have helped us.
Tom would have done that.
That would have been fun.
I would have volunteered.
I would have let Tom win.
I would have left a note.
You would have liked it.
Tom would have loved it.
Tom would have liked it.
Tom would have given up.
Tom would have been mad.
Tom would have approved.
That would have been OK.
No one would have cared.
I would have understood.
I would have sent roses.
I would have liked that.
I would have helped you.
Tom would have grinned.
I would have done that.
I would have bought it.
Tom would have walked.
I would have given up.
Who would have cared?
That would have hurt.
I would have said no.
I would have done it.
I would have waited.
I would have paid.
I can't wait to hear your side of the story.
I can't wait to hear Tom's side of the story.
I wonder how Tom feels about that.
I really felt rotten this morning.
I'll be seeing Tom this afternoon.
I really liked watching you dance.
Perhaps Tom has already done that.
I think that's pretty good advice.
Perhaps Tom won't want to do that.
I thought that was pretty awesome.
Tom found a purse on the sidewalk.
I'll be more aggressive next time.
Tom gave us a ride to the station.
I'll be there with everybody else.
Tom had a stupid grin on his face.
I'll definitely be back next year.
Tom has been away for three weeks.
I'll definitely come back someday.
Tom is going to stay here with us.
I'll explain that to you sometime.
Tom is over there waiting for you.
I'll never buy one of those again.
Tom kissed his children goodnight.
I'm feeling pretty good right now.
Tom sometimes eats in his bedroom.
I'm glad to have this opportunity.
Tom still doesn't seem very happy.
I'm not authorized to do anything.
Tom studied philosophy in college.
I'm not interested in the details.
Tom studies philosophy in college.
I'm ready to accept my punishment.
Tom taught French to his children.
I'm really happy with the results.
Tom tried to explain that to Mary.
Next summer we're going to Boston.
Tom wants to know when we're done.
I can't answer that question today.
Tom wants to play tennis with you.
I couldn't ask for anything better.
Tom was in Australia at that time.
I don't have any other alternative.
Tom wasn't on duty this afternoon.
I really believe that won't happen.
Tom will probably be home by 2:30.
I'm working on another project now.
I congratulated Tom on his victory.
I've been divorced for three years.
I don't understand people like Tom.
One of my headlights isn't working.
I don't have any property in Boston.
Tom looks completely different now.
I don't really want to buy anything.
Tom sang one of the songs he wrote.
I most likely won't do that anymore.
Tom sees Mary at least once a week.
I soon found what I was looking for.
Tom sent Mary several love letters.
I usually have to do this by myself.
Tom should've pretended to be dead.
One of my headlights has burned out.
Tom still intends to join the team.
Do you think you can be here by 2:30?
Tom traded his camera for a guitar.
I certainly wouldn't want to do that.
Tom usually goes to school by bike.
I couldn't stand being there anymore.
Tom wants to continue working here.
I understand why you want to do that.
Tom wants to know when you're done.
I'm almost always at home on Mondays.
Tom was here about three hours ago.
There's a chance it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom was sick in bed for three days.
There's a chance it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom bought some stuff at that store.
This box is too heavy for me to lift.
Tom didn't like the last job he had.
Are these gloves large enough for you?
Tom doesn't like red wine very much.
I don't actually have that much money.
Tom finished the work in three days.
I really do believe that won't happen.
Tom should go out and have some fun.
I thought we wouldn't need to do that.
Tom should try to learn some French.
I can't believe that's going to happen.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary what he did.
I'll never go to that restaurant again.
Tom still doesn't like me very much.
I've been here since yesterday morning.
Tom tried to make Mary feel special.
All three of the boys wanted to do that.
Tom wants to know where you've been.
How often do you talk with your parents?
Tom was definitely drunk last night.
I don't actually remember what happened.
Tom went to Boston to look for Mary.
I like this jacket better than that one.
Tom will be here for the whole week.
I really want to continue studying here.
Tom will like what you made for him.
I wake up every morning with a headache.
I'm still waiting for Tom to do that.
I'll never eat at that restaurant again.
I've talked to Tom a couple of times.
I've been listening to jazz all morning.
Perhaps Tom won't be able to do that.
Meet me in front of the station at 2:30.
The only one I know in Boston is Tom.
Neither of those women can speak French.
Tom always goes to school by bicycle.
Show me something I haven't seen before.
Tom and Mary go to different schools.
I can't really talk about that right now.
Tom changes his password every month.
I don't actually remember how I did that.
Tom filled his glass with cold water.
I don't yet know what I'm supposed to do.
Tom hardly ever eats with his family.
I haven't yet figured out how to do that.
Tom is doing what you told him to do.
I thought it wasn't necessary to do that.
Tom is going to come to live with us.
I didn't do everything I was supposed to do.
Tom pretended to be his twin brother.
I'm not really interested in buying anything.
Tom said he was interested in sports.
I just thought it wasn't necessary to do that.
Tom taught himself to play the piano.
You must be hungry after working hard all day.
Tom was a taxi driver for many years.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow afternoon?
Tom lives about three miles from here.
How much did you pay to have your car repaired?
Tom saw someone walking up the stairs.
Could you lend me thirty dollars until tomorrow?
What Tom said may, or may not, be true.
How much did it cost you to have your car repaired?
Tom is coming to see us again next week.
How much did it cost you to have your house painted?
Tom isn't doing what you told him to do.
How much did you have to pay to have your house painted?
Let's try to do it the way Tom suggested.
Could you please put these books on that table over there?
Tom lives about thirty minutes from here.
You won't be able to fit all those clothes in your suitcase.
Tom is going to have to stay here with us.
An employer may have an agreement with employees’ representatives (from trade unions or staff associations) that allows negotiations of terms and conditions like pay or working hours.
You’re entitled to come back to the job you had before you went on parental leave, even if someone else has been working in your role as a replacement.
A guide for people who have fled their homelands and live and work in Germany.
The information contained in this guide is meant to help people find work under fair conditions and avoid exploitation.
If you are granted permission to work or undergo an apprenticeship, you should find out as much as you can about your rights as a worker or apprentice.
We know that many employment relationships of people who have just immigrated to Germany are unproblematic.
However, we also experience again and again employment relationships in which immigrants have to work under unacceptable conditions and are extremely exploited.
Cash requirements for financing activities consist primarily of long-term debt repayments, interest payments and dividend payments to shareholders.
The Company has historically paid quarterly dividends to shareholders, subject to quarterly approval by our Board of Directors, currently at a rate of approximately $38.million annually.
We believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under "Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," may constitute forward-looking statements.
The construction group is seeking to inform all local employee representatives throughout Europe on this topic in a transparent manner and to investigate suggestions for improving working conditions and for the prevention of industrial accidents and occupational hazards.
This sun is wonderful, isn't it?
Nobody has a right to speak like that.
If you don't know it, ask me.
"If death thou seekest, take me at thy side / thy death to share, but if, expert in strife, / thou hop'st in arms, here guard us and abide. / To whom dost thou expose Iulus' life, / thy father's, yea, and mine, once called, alas! thy wife?"
So wailed Creusa, and in wild despair / filled all the palace with her sobs and cries, / when lo! a portent, wondrous to declare. / For while, 'twixt sorrowing parents' hands and eyes, / stood young Iulus, wildered with surprise, / up from the summit of his fair, young head / a tuft was seen of flickering flame to rise. / Gently and harmless to the touch it spread / around his tender brows, and on his temples fed.
What are you blabbering on about?
There's nothing more we can do for him.
There's nothing more we can do for her.
It can't be cured.
There are wounds that time does not heal.
Help! I can't swim.
How long were you together?
Don't ask me to explain.
In haste we strive to quench the flame divine, / shaking the tresses of his burning hair.
But gladly sire Anchises hails the sign, / and gazing upward through the starlit air, / his hands and voice together lifts in prayer: / "O Jove omnipotent, dread power benign, / if aught our piety deserve, if e'er / a suppliant move thee, hearken and incline / this once, and aid us now and ratify thy sign."
Time seemed to slow down.
You should've told Tom you were sorry.
You should've told Tom that you were sorry.
You ought to have told Tom you were sorry.
You ought to have told Tom that you were sorry.
I told Tom he ought to do that.
I told Tom that he ought to do that.
Promise me that you won't tell anyone.
Promise me you won't tell anyone.
Promise me that you won't tell anybody.
Tom promised he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom promised that he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom promised he'd be here on Monday.
Tom promised that he'd be here on Monday.
If you don't behave yourself, your father's going to punish you.
Your father's going to punish you if you don't behave yourself.
Would you like me to call a taxi for you?
Tom won't believe I did that.
Tom won't believe that I did that.
I'm not sure yet if I'll go to a university or get a job.
I'm not sure whether I'll be able to come with you.
I'm convinced things will get better.
I'm convinced that things will get better.
I'm going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
I'm surprised that Tom isn't here.
I'm sure I can get in touch with Tom.
I'm sure that I can get in touch with Tom.
I'm very surprised Tom did that.
I'm very surprised that Tom did that.
I'm very happy you've agreed to help us.
I'm very happy that you've agreed to help us.
I'm very happy you've agreed to do that.
I'm very happy that you've agreed to do that.
I was surprised Tom refused to do that.
I was surprised that Tom refused to do that.
I was surprised Tom wanted to do that.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to be at yesterday's meeting.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able to be at yesterday's meeting.
I think this is the way to do it.
I think that this is the way to do it.
I think this is the way it should be done.
I think that this is the way it should be done.
I'm not sure, but I think Tom wants to be a teacher.
I'm not sure, but I think that Tom wants to be a teacher.
I'm not sure, but I think Tom wants to do that.
I'm not sure, but I think that Tom wants to do that.
I'm glad the matter was settled amicably.
I'm glad that the matter was settled amicably.
I'm disappointed that my friends aren't here.
I'm sure that Tom won't be able to do that.
I'm sure that Tom won't do that.
I'm sure you'll be very comfortable there.
I'm not wholly convinced that you're right.
I'm not wholly convinced you're right.
I'm not entirely convinced you're right.
I'm not entirely convinced that you're right.
I'm disappointed Tom isn't here.
I'm disappointed that Tom isn't here.
I'm still waiting for someone to tell me what to do.
I'm still waiting for somebody to tell me what to do.
I'm sorry I've caused you so much trouble.
I'm sorry that I've caused you so much trouble.
I'm sorry I'm unable to attend your party.
I'm sorry I'm not able to attend your party.
I'm sorry I can't attend your party.
I'm sorry that I'm not able to attend your party.
I'm sorry that I can't attend your party.
I'm sorry that I'm unable to attend your party.
I'm not as interested in literature as you.
I'm not as interested in literature as you are.
I'm not accustomed to eating this kind of food.
I'm not accustomed to eating this sort of food.
I'm not used to eating this kind of food.
I'm not used to eating this sort of food.
I'm afraid the situation will get worse.
I'm afraid that the situation will get worse.
I'm sure that we'll be very happy here.
I'm sure we'll be very happy here.
I'm sure Tom will win the tennis match.
I'm sure that Tom will win the tennis match.
I'm not accustomed to speaking in public.
I'm certain you can do that.
I'm certain that you can do that.
I'm afraid it'll rain in the afternoon.
I'm sure that Tom will pass the examination.
I'm sure that I'll pass the examination.
I'm sure I'll pass the exam.
I'm sure I'll pass the examination.
I'm sure that I'll pass the exam.
I'm sorry to say I can't help you.
I'm sorry to say that I can't help you.
I'm so busy that I have no time to read.
I'm so busy I have no time to read.
I'm glad it was someone else who got it.
I'm glad it was somebody else who got it.
I'm convinced that Tom did nothing wrong.
I'm convinced that Tom didn't do anything wrong.
I'm convinced Tom did nothing wrong.
I'm convinced Tom didn't do anything wrong.
I'm sorry I couldn't go with you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't go with you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't help you.
I'm sorry I forgot to tell you about the party.
I'm sorry that I forgot to tell you about the party.
I'm hungry because I didn't eat lunch.
I'm confident Tom will keep his promise.
I'm confident that Tom will keep his promise.
I'm certain that Tom will pass the exam.
I'm certain Tom will pass the examination.
I'm convinced my son is innocent.
I'm certain Tom will pass the exam.
I'm certain that Tom will pass the examination.
I'm free until 2:this afternoon.
I'm free till 2:this afternoon.
I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
I'm sure that you'll be satisfied.
I'm sure Tom will be at the party.
I'm sure that Tom will be at the party.
I'm sure that Tom will be at the party tonight.
I'm so tired I can hardly walk.
I'm so tired that I can hardly walk.
I'm glad that I didn't buy one of those.
I'm intrigued by what's happening.
I'm positive Tom has finished.
I'm positive that Tom has finished.
I'm positive Tom has done that.
I'm positive that Tom has done that.
I'm afraid you'll get lost.
I'm afraid that you'll get lost.
I'm afraid that Tom might get hurt.
I'm afraid I'll make a mistake.
I'm afraid that I'll make a mistake.
I'm accustomed to staying up late.
I'm happy you're my friend.
I'm happy that you're my friend.
I'm relieved you're safe.
I'm relieved that you're safe.
I'm used to working hard.
I'm accustomed to working hard.
I'm accustomed to living alone.
I'm used to cold weather.
I'm accustomed to cold weather.
I'm sure that Tom will succeed.
I'm positive Tom is wrong.
I'm positive that Tom is wrong.
I'm positive you're wrong.
I'm positive that you're wrong.
I'm convinced that I'm right.
I'm accustomed to the climate here.
I'm used to the climate here.
I'm afraid that it'll rain.
I'm not good at mathematics.
I'm yours and you're mine.
I'm aware this is Monday.
I'm aware that this is Monday.
I'm not accustomed to hard work.
I'm not used to hard work.
I'm hers and she's mine.
I'm going to be thirty in October.
I'm going to be thirty years old in October.
I'm as surprised as you.
I'm not a child any longer.
I'm no longer a child.
I'm as rich as Tom.
I'm as rich as Tom is.
I'm years old now.
I'm thirty years old now.
I'm as tired as you are.
I'm as tired as you.
I'm trying to sell my farm, but I haven't had any offers so far.
I'm not able to do that because I don't have enough money.
I'm sure everything will turn out all right in the end.
I'm getting married to the most beautiful girl in town.
I'm going to return this sweater because it's too big.
I'm thirsty. Please give me something cold to drink.
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
I'm going to do odd jobs during the spring vacation.
I'm looking forward to meeting you when you come.
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I'm afraid things will take a turn for the worse.
I'm perfectly capable of looking after myself.
I'm not very good at sizing people up quickly.
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I'm as interested in writing poems as you are.
I'm supposed to babysit the children tonight.
I'm tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
I'm not satisfied with my performance today.
I'm looking forward to visiting your school.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.
I'm always leaving my umbrella on the train.
I'm thinking of closing my savings account.
I'm still waiting to be told what happened.
I'm in no position to do anything about it.
I'm going to the post office to buy stamps.
I'm going to see the doctor this afternoon.
I'm already acquainted with that situation.
I'm saving money in order to study abroad.
I'm interested in the cello and the piano.
I'm interested in creating my own website.
I'm going to play tennis in the afternoon.
I'm very thankful to you for your advice.
I'm very pleased to hear of your success.
I'm halfway through this detective story.
I'm going to take two days off next week.
I'm expecting some serious work from you.
I'm constantly forgetting people's names.
I'm very tired when I get home at night.
I'm tired of hearing you moan and groan.
I'm thinking about buying a new parasol.
I'm still a bit sore after my operation.
I'm looking forward to going to the zoo.
I'm going to introduce you to my family.
I'm going to do it first thing tomorrow.
I'm confronted with a difficult problem.
I'm willing to help you with your work.
I'm very glad to be out of high school.
I'm sending you a picture of my family.
I'm sending a copy of my letter to you.
I'm planning to go to Europe next week.
I'm not any more to blame than you are.
I'm happy to have so many good friends.
I'm going to start a new job next week.
I'm so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I'm not qualified for this internship.
I'm not now in a position to help you.
I'm not interested in politics at all.
I'm not going to take this lying down.
I'm going to see the dentist tomorrow.
I'm going to play soccer after school.
I'm going to get off at the next stop.
I'm determined to carry out this plan.
I'm worried about my mother's health.
I'm well acquainted with the subject.
I'm very interested in those stories.
I'm very interested in these stories.
I'm going to write a letter tomorrow.
I'm going to the park this afternoon.
I'm going to apply for a scholarship.
I'm content with my current position.
I'm busy preparing for the next exam.
I'm busy now and can't play with you.
I'm a member of the sales department.
I'm the first musician in my family.
I'm looking for a job near my house.
I'm interested in mountain climbing.
I'm going to swim a lot this summer.
I'm going to have a great day today.
I'm going to apply for a visa today.
I'm familiar with this part of town.
I'm familiar with this neighborhood.
I'm afraid I have a touch of a cold.
I'm a member of the basketball team.
I'm used to going to bed very late.
I'm really pleased with my new car.
I'm quite comfortable in this room.
I'm on our high school soccer team.
I'm not cut out to be a politician.
I'm invited to dinner this evening.
I'm going to watch TV this evening.
I'm going to try to get a good tan.
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.
I'm almost scared to talk with you.
I'm all alone in a foreign country.
I'm afraid I'll be a burden to you.
I'm willing to attend the meeting.
I'm waiting for the store to open.
I'm very pleased to hear the news.
I'm to blame for my son's failure.
I'm staying for another few weeks.
I'm repairing the washing machine.
I'm playing a game with my sister.
I'm on good terms with my brother.
I'm married and I have a daughter.
I'm lost. Can you help me, please?
I'm interested in taking pictures.
I'm going to play soccer tomorrow.
I'm going to do an apprenticeship.
I'm eating dinner with my husband.
I'm determined to give up smoking.
I'm already what you call elderly.
I'm afraid to jump over the ditch.
I'm able to swim across the river.
I'm a member of the baseball team.
I'm too tired to keep on walking.
I'm reading a book about animals.
I'm going to a concert next week.
I'm responsible for the mistake.
I'm planting beans in my garden.
I'm not very musically inclined.
I'm not very good at backgammon.
I'm not the person I used to be.
I'm not feeling quite up to par.
I'm looking for a jewelry store.
I'm looking for a house to rent.
I'm hoarse from yelling so much.
I'm eating lunch with my sister.
I'm convinced of your innocence.
I'm almost centimeters tall.
I'm very sorry for what I said.
I'm very interested in fishing.
I'm thinking about that matter.
I'm thinking about my children.
I'm sorry to have troubled you.
I'm sending the invoice by fax.
I'm on speaking terms with Tom.
I'm now in a delicate position.
I'm nothing but a poor peasant.
I'm not allergic to penicillin.
I'm listening to country music.
I'm interested in palm reading.
I'm going to the swimming pool.
I'm going on a picnic tomorrow.
I'm busy cooking at the moment.
I'm badly in need of your help.
I'm the happiest man on earth.
I'm terribly afraid of snakes.
I'm suffering from a bad cold.
I'm in favor of your proposal.
I'm busy now and can't go out.
I'm at the end of my patience.
I'm washing my brother's car.
I'm very interested in music.
I'm very glad school is over.
I'm training with my friends.
I'm thankful for my children.
I'm singing with my children.
I'm seeing my uncle tomorrow.
I'm seeing a friend tomorrow.
I'm searching for my brother.
I'm pleased to see you again.
I'm making too many mistakes.
I'm looking for an assistant.
I'm looking for a good hotel.
I'm going out this afternoon.
I'm going abroad this summer.
I'm decorating the classroom.
I'm buying candy and cookies.
I'm blessed with good health.
I'm being paranoid, aren't I?
I'm beginning to remember it.
I'm anxious about the future.
I'm always ready to help you.
I'm used to driving a truck.
I'm thankful for technology.
I'm thankful for my friends.
I'm taking French next year.
I'm playing a computer game.
I'm not going to betray you.
I'm interested in this book.
I'm interested in computers.
I'm going to write a letter.
I'm amazed at your audacity.
I'm afraid it's not so easy.
I'm a licensed veterinarian.
I'm very sensitive to heat.
I'm thankful for vacations.
I'm thankful for my family.
I'm quite unhappy about it.
I'm playing volleyball now.
I'm playing the guitar now.
I'm more handsome than you.
I'm listening to the music.
I'm leaving the books here.
I'm interested in swimming.
I'm helping my grandfather.
I'm going to the store now.
I'm disappointed in my son.
I'm correcting my mistakes.
I'm blind in the right eye.
I'm waiting for my driver.
I'm thankful for sunshine.
I'm still a stranger here.
I'm staying with my uncle.
I'm staying with a friend.
I'm smoking a Cuban cigar.
I'm satisfied with my job.
I'm playing the piano now.
I'm paying the phone bill.
I'm just going for a walk.
I'm just a humble teacher.
I'm invited to this party.
I'm in no mood for joking.
I'm glad to hear the news.
I'm completely against it.
I'm buying a new umbrella.
I'm ashamed of my conduct.
I'm an optimist by nature.
I'm using a new computer.
I'm trying my level best.
I'm through with my work.
I'm talking to my sister.
I'm supporting my family.
I'm ready to go with you.
I'm pouring a cup of tea.
I'm packing up my things.
I'm not on call tomorrow.
I'm majoring in medicine.
I'm looking for my phone.
I'm living with my uncle.
I'm interested in sports.
I'm hanging up my shirts.
I'm going to play tennis.
I'm going to get dressed.
I'm forever in your debt.
I'm due to speak tonight.
I'm cleaning the kitchen.
I'm at a loss what to do.
I'm washing the windows.
I'm visiting my friends.
I'm squeezing an orange.
I'm playing video games.
I'm playing in the park.
I'm painting the garage.
I'm only warming up now.
I'm not romantic at all.
I'm just warming up now.
I'm having a look at it.
I'm glad to be with you.
I'm giving you an order.
I'm close to the bridge.
I'm changing my clothes.
I'm about to leave here.
I'm your friend, right?
I'm wiping the shelves.
I'm the fastest runner.
I'm thankful for music.
I'm so sick of working.
I'm recruiting drivers.
I'm really into soccer.
I'm reading a magazine.
I'm reading a book now.
I'm painting my garage.
I'm kneading the dough.
I'm immune to smallpox.
I'm following that car.
I'm calling my brother.
I'm as happy as can be.
I'm under the blanket.
I'm to go there today.
I'm tired of homework.
I'm tidying my office.
I'm taking a bath now.
I'm prettier than you.
I'm off duty tomorrow.
I'm moving next month.
I'm lighting my cigar.
I'm leaving next week.
I'm in charge of this.
I'm happy to help you.
I'm good at languages.
I'm eating a cucumber.
I'm calling my father.
I'm very, very sorry.
I'm selling my goats.
I'm pressed for time.
I'm playing baseball.
I'm paid by the week.
I'm not studying now.
I'm near the station.
I'm ironing my dress.
I'm heating the room.
I'm harvesting wheat.
I'm folding my dress.
I'm fixing the clock.
I'm crazy about golf.
I'm brushing my hair.
I'm blinking my eyes.
I'm an office worker.
I'm weighing myself.
I'm to blame for it.
I'm stirring my tea.
I'm ready for death.
I'm playing it safe.
I'm not well at all.
I'm mopping my room.
I'm milking my goat.
I'm looking at that.
I'm like my brother.
I'm laughing at you.
I'm laughing at Tom.
I'm feeding my baby.
I'm fan of football.
I'm driving a truck.
I'm drinking coffee.
I'm building a wall.
I'm afraid of bears.
I'm very sad today.
I'm very dangerous.
I'm right for once.
I'm reading a play.
I'm picking apples.
I'm really glad to hear that you were able to do that.
I'm really glad to hear you were able to do that.
I want to know why you thought I was supposed to do that.
I want to know why you thought that I was supposed to do that.
I want to know why you think I should do that.
I want to know why you think that I should do that.
I don't think I'm the right person for the job.
I don't think that I'm the right person for the job.
I can't decide whether I should go to college or not.
I can't decide if I should go to college or not.
I can't decide whether I should do that or not.
I can't decide if I should do that or not.
I'm peeling apples.
I'm often mistaken.
I'm like my sister.
I'm like my mother.
I'm like my father.
I'm in a new house.
I'm getting strong.
I'm fond of skiing.
I'm far from happy.
I'm eating noodles.
I'm drawing a bird.
I'm digging a well.
I'm being followed.
I'm an electrician.
I'm six feet tall.
I'm not a prophet.
I'm just a nobody.
I'm grilling fish.
I'm boiling water.
I'm on the right.
I'm not studying.
I'm not so happy.
I'm eating fruit.
I'm all mixed up.
I'm a dog person.
I'm a cat person.
I'm still alone.
I'm really lazy.
I'm not curious.
I'm not a witch.
I'm frying fish.
I'm eating rice.
I'm dumbfounded.
I'm a bit crazy.
I'm a poor man.
I'm like you.
I'm a widow.
I'm taller.
I'm sweaty.
Tom won't hear anyone.
Tom won't hear anybody.
Tom is no better at remembering things than I am.
Tom isn't any better at remembering things than I am.
Tom didn't hurt anyone, did he?
Tom didn't hurt anybody, did he?
I'm glad that I came.
I'm glad that I did that.
I can't get enough sleep anymore.
I can't bear this noise anymore.
The twins are so much alike that I can't distinguish one from the other.
You can't appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
The supply can't keep up with the demand.
We can't agree with you on this point.
I can't buy spare parts for this car.
I can't tell Tom from his brother.
I can't comply with your request.
As it is, I can't pay you.
The possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness can't be ruled out.
There are many things we can't evaluate in terms of money.
There are many things that we can't evaluate in terms of money.
It's true that we can't be too careful choosing our friends.
Love is a bizarre feeling you can't express in words.
Love is a bizarre feeling that you can't express in words.
I'm not so poor that I can't send my son to college.
No one is so busy that they can't find time to read.
I can't release that information. It's private.
It's a pity that you can't come to the party.
It's clear that we can't live without air.
You can't undo what's already been done.
There's nothing God can't do.
If my wife calls, just tell her I'm in an important meeting and can't be disturbed.
An artist can't speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
I can't look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I can't go to the party, but thank you for inviting me all the same.
The value of a good education can't be measured in terms of money.
You can't separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
You can't achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
If you can't afford an attorney, one will be provided for you.
They say they can't compete with low-priced foreign products.
The price of gasoline is so high that we can't buy a big car.
You can't take pictures in the theater without permission.
I can't tell you everything that happened to me yesterday.
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.
I can't disclose any information about the informant.
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.
Under these circumstances, I can't accept the offer.
If you catch a cold, you can't easily get rid of it.
You can't be too careful when you choose your job.
You can't be too careful when crossing the street.
You can't be too careful in choosing your friends.
My grandfather can't walk without a walking stick.
We can't rule out the possibility of an accident.
My father can't go without coffee even for a day.
I can't help thinking that my son is still alive.
I can't for the life of me remember where it was.
Even God can't make two times two not make four.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
The value of education can't be overemphasized.
No matter how rich a man is, he can't buy love.
A man who breaks his promises can't be trusted.
Words can't describe the horror I experienced.
You can't be too careful in choosing friends.
I can't thank you enough for your assistance.
We can't deal with such a difficult problem.
Friendship and happiness can't be separated.
Air is a mixture of gases that we can't see.
You can't be too careful about your health.
We can't meet the demands of the hijackers.
The value of health can't be overestimated.
Animals can't distinguish right from wrong.
You can't achieve anything without effort.
We can't overestimate the value of health.
These shelves can't support so many books.
Money can't pay for the loss of happiness.
I can't recall anything else at this time.
Even the richest man can't buy everything.
Animals can't exist without air and water.
I like French, but I can't speak it well.
I can't give you a definite answer today.
You can't be too careful when you drive.
We can't see the other side of the moon.
We can't have our own way in everything.
This rule can't be applied to that case.
The baby can't even walk, much less run.
I can't look at you when I speak to you.
A man can't be judged by his appearance.
Things can't be accomplished overnight.
Supplies can't keep up with the demand.
Such a thing can't be found everywhere.
You can't substitute money for health.
You can't have your way in everything.
You can't do all these things at once.
You can't be too careful when driving.
This is something we can't do without.
There are still people who can't read.
I can't do without sugar in my coffee.
Your sister can't swim well, can she?
We can't complete this work in a day.
Traveling is a luxury I can't afford.
Words can't convey my true feelings.
We can't live without air and water.
This possibility can't be ruled out.
I can't solve the problem on my own.
I can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
Stars can't be seen in the daytime.
My mother can't drive a car at all.
I can't afford to buy such a thing.
That's why I can't agree with you.
Money can't make up for lost time.
I can't tolerate naughty children.
We can't really predict anything.
Unfortunately, I can't help them.
I can't trust a person like that.
Unlike my brother, I can't swim.
I understand, but I can't agree.
I can't stand being made fun of.
Words can't convey my feelings.
Mary's parents can't stand Tom.
Life can't exist without water.
I can't agree to your proposal.
You can't heal a broken heart.
Without water, we can't exist.
We can't do the work in a day.
Owls can't see in the daytime.
Man can't live by bread alone.
I can't do the work on my own.
We can't exist without water.
I can't describe my feelings.
We can't play baseball here.
We can't go into the studio.
We can't exist without food.
My mother can't drive a car.
I can't quite understand it.
I can't accept your present.
You can't be a blood donor.
We can't meet your demands.
My father can't lift it up.
Man can't live without air.
We can't live without air.
I can't stop the bleeding.
I can't stand you anymore.
I can't possibly help you.
I can't follow your logic.
I can't approve your plan.
You can't buy that judge.
This story can't be true.
The report can't be true.
I can't think about that.
I can't fix the computer.
I can't afford a holiday.
The story can't be true.
Our baby can't talk yet.
Money can't buy freedom.
I can't lift this stone.
I can't afford the time.
Man can't live forever.
I can't possibly do it.
I can't come next week.
You can't tame a wolf.
Time can't be stopped.
I can't possibly come.
I can't lift this box.
A wolf can't be tamed.
It can't last long.
I can't pray now.
We can't go in.
I'm in Boston today.
I'm sick and tired of Tom.
I'm free all day today.
Tom won't let me see Mary.
I'm not a student here.
Tom didn't let me see Mary.
I'll be leaving at 2:30.
Tom had a knife, didn't he?
I've been dyeing my hair.
Tom promised to come early.
Do you have to go so soon?
Tom won't go to work today.
I'll be there to help you.
Tom worked as a journalist.
I'm thinking of resigning.
Tom worked with the police.
I have to be there by 2:30.
Tom works in a music store.
I wish I hadn't left early.
Tom's mother has remarried.
I'm calling from Australia.
I'm pleased with Tom's work.
I'm dying to see you again.
Tom won't let Mary go there.
I'm going to leave at 2:30.
Tom worked in the warehouse.
Where do you want me to go?
I hope Tom keeps his promise.
I'm being forced to do this.
Tom didn't tell Mary, did he?
Where do you want me to sit?
Tom doesn't want it, does he?
I'm quite willing to do that.
Tom won't find anything here.
I've got to be there by 2:30.
Tom wouldn't wash the dishes.
I've learned a little French.
Tom's favorite food is pasta.
We can't change our schedule.
Tom's garden is really small.
Your shirt has a stain on it.
Tom's speech was interesting.
I'm fed up with this nonsense.
Tom won't visit Mary tomorrow.
I'm going to a friend's house.
Tom drank some beer, didn't he?
Would you prefer that I leave?
Tom will continue to work here.
I want to get a hat like yours.
Tom works at a nearby hospital.
I'm counting on you to do that.
Tom's aunt is richer than mine.
I'm not a student here anymore.
Tom wouldn't let me talk to you.
We can't afford to buy a house.
Tom's grandfather was a soldier.
I can't finish this by tomorrow.
Tom's parents are back together.
I wish I could help you do that.
Tom has richer friends than I do.
I'll be taking French next year.
Tom's story was very interesting.
I'm concerned about your health.
Do we need to tell Tom what to do?
I'm going to Boston in the fall.
Tom doesn't seem so busy, does he?
I'm willing to help you do that.
Tom will be there, but Mary won't.
You need to do what you're told.
I can't put up with Tom's behavior.
Tom must have realized it was a rhetorical question, because he didn't answer.
Tom says he wasn't here yesterday. It must have been someone else you saw.
I know how hard it must have been for you to tell Tom about what happened.
Your parents must have been worried when you didn't come home last night.
I can smell Mary's perfume. I think she must have been here earlier.
It must have been difficult for Tom to live with someone like that.
You must have already written everything that needs to be written.
Tom says he wasn't here yesterday. It must have been someone else.
Tom and Mary must have been tired when they got home last night.
Your mother must have been very beautiful when she was young.
Tom must have been the one who added Mary's name to the list.
Your parents must have been happy when you got into Harvard.
You must have already done everything that needs to be done.
I think it must have happened just the way Tom said it did.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't have a driver's license.
Tom must have forgotten to do what he promised us he'd do.
Tom must have missed the train he was supposed to get on.
Tom must have known Mary wouldn't want him at her party.
Tom must have forgotten what he promised to do for Mary.
Mary must have been very beautiful when she was younger.
Tom must have thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary knew how to do that already.
Tom must have thought Mary already knew how to do that.
Tom must have been the one who put the drugs in my bag.
That must have happened while Tom and I were in Boston.
I think I must have done something that made Tom angry.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom must have been very young when he wrote this song.
Tom must have been about three years old at that time.
Mary must have been very beautiful when she was young.
I think it must have been Tom who sent Mary that note.
Tom must have tried cleaning this without using soap.
Tom must have done that yesterday before we got here.
Tom must have been tired when he got home last night.
Someone who knows French well must have written this.
I think I must have done something that made Tom mad.
Tom must have thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom must have had some reason for doing what he did.
Tom must have forgotten what he promised us he'd do.
Tom must have forgotten that he'd already done that.
I think it must have been Tom who wrote this letter.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must have already left.
Tom must have thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom must have been the only one who didn't do that.
Mary must have been very pretty when she was young.
I think it must have been Tom who broke the window.
Tom must have thought Mary had a driver's license.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom must have known Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom must have found out about the party from Mary.
Tom must have been faster at doing that than Mary.
That must have happened while Tom and I were away.
Something must have happened to change Tom's mind.
Somebody must have taken your umbrella by mistake.
I must have told you that a hundred times already.
Tom must have traveled a lot when he was younger.
Tom must have thought Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.
Someone must have taken your umbrella by mistake.
I can't find Tom. I think he must have gone home.
Tom must have thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom must have had a good reason for what he did.
Tom must have gone yesterday before we got here.
She must have been beautiful when she was young.
Tom must have known Mary wouldn't want to sing.
Tom must have been very tired when he got home.
Tom must have been tired after working all day.
Tom must have been finished doing that by 2:30.
Someone else must have seen what happened, too.
I must have heard you say that a million times.
Tom must have thought Mary could speak French.
Tom must have sensed this was going to happen.
Tom must have forgotten what he promised Mary.
Tom must have been the one who told Mary that.
This clock must have belonged to Tom's father.
That must have happened while I was in Boston.
I must have lost my wallet in the supermarket.
Tom sure ate a lot. He must have been hungry.
Tom must have thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom must have known this was going to happen.
Tom must have been amused by what's going on.
Someone must have told Tom, but it wasn't me.
Tom must have told Mary about what happened.
Tom must have thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom must have thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom must have left it around here somewhere.
Tom must have forgotten his promise to Mary.
Tom must have finished doing that yesterday.
Tom must have been the first one to do that.
I guess now you know how Tom must have felt.
I can't imagine what it must have been like.
Tom must have thought he needed to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary knew what to do.
Tom must have thought Mary didn't like him.
Tom must have paid a fortune for his house.
Tom must have left his umbrella on the bus.
Tom must have been there a couple of hours.
Tom must have been planning this for weeks.
I think it must have been Tom who did this.
You must have given this a lot of thought.
Tom must have thought Mary had to do that.
Tom must have forgotten to tell Mary that.
Tom must have forgotten his promise to us.
Tom must have forgotten about the meeting.
Tom must have been tired when he got home.
Someone else must have seen what happened.
Tom must have waited until at least 2:30.
Tom must have thought Mary would do that.
Tom must have thought Mary could do that.
Tom must have reached the station by now.
Tom must have had a good time doing that.
Tom must have been doing that last night.
Tom must have been determined to do that.
The same thing must have happened to Tom.
Someone must have left the door unlocked.
My brother must have written this letter.
I must have parked my car somewhere else.
You must have hated Tom for what he did.
Tom must have thought he had to do that.
Tom must have thought Mary wouldn't win.
Tom must have thought Mary couldn't win.
Tom must have found out that I was here.
Tom must have been the one who did this.
Tom must have been the one who did that.
Tom must have been reluctant to do that.
Tom must have been motivated to do that.
Tom must have been desperate to do that.
Tom ate a lot. He must have been hungry.
I think Tom must have done that earlier.
I think Tom must have agreed to do that.
Tom must have really wanted to do that.
Tom must have been mistaken about that.
Tom must have been in Boston last week.
Tom must have been hesitant to do that.
They must have known this would happen.
Someone must have left the window open.
Somebody somewhere must have said that.
I must have heard that a million times.
Tom must have wanted to leave earlier.
Tom must have known this would happen.
Tom must have known that would happen.
Tom must have hated leaving it behind.
Tom must have gone fishing by himself.
Tom must have finished his work early.
Tom must have done that at least once.
Tom must have been three at that time.
Tom must have been tempted to do that.
Tom must have been fascinated by that.
Tom must have been awake at that time.
Something terrible must have happened.
Somebody must have seen what happened.
You must have thought I was an idiot.
Tom must have thought Mary would win.
Tom must have thought Mary could win.
Tom must have reported what happened.
Tom must have overslept this morning.
Tom must have left the water running.
Tom must have known about it already.
Tom must have had time off last week.
Tom must have gone bowling yesterday.
Tom must have done that deliberately.
Tom must have been very disappointed.
Tom must have been home at that time.
Tom must have been happy to see Mary.
Tom must have been afraid to do that.
That must have been interesting work.
Someone must have seen what happened.
Somebody must have stolen your watch.
I must have been mistaken about that.
I know how scared you must have been.
Your parents must have been worried.
Tom must have wanted to leave early.
Tom must have thought you were dead.
Tom must have taken the wrong train.
Tom must have still been alive then.
Tom must have paid a fortune for it.
Tom must have had an alternate plan.
Tom must have forgotten his promise.
Tom must have been rich at one time.
Tom must have been imagining things.
That must have been what woke me up.
Something must have happened to Tom.
Someone must have stolen your watch.
Somebody must have followed us here.
It must have been difficult for Tom.
Tom's car must have cost him a lot.
Tom must have thought nobody cared.
Tom must have seen Mary doing that.
Tom must have run all the way home.
Tom must have really wanted to win.
Tom must have practiced that a lot.
Tom must have gotten over his cold.
Tom must have gained thirty pounds.
Tom must have forgotten to do that.
Tom must have done that on purpose.
Tom must have done that by himself.
Tom must have been scared to death.
Tom must have been a great teacher.
They must have skipped out of town.
It must have been Tom who did that.
I must have left my wallet at home.
You must have had a very hard day.
You must have had a great weekend.
You must have done that last year.
We must have taken the wrong road.
Tom must have taken the wrong bus.
Tom must have practiced very hard.
Tom must have done that yesterday.
Tom must have been self-conscious.
Tom must have been home on Monday.
Tom must have been busy yesterday.
Tom must have been a lot like you.
That must have cost him a fortune.
Someone must have told Tom by now.
Somebody must have made a mistake.
Tom must have seen us doing that.
Tom must have misunderstood Mary.
Tom must have made some mistakes.
Tom must have gone fishing alone.
Tom must have finished it by now.
Tom must have been a good person.
Someone must have seen something.
Someone else must have opened it.
I think Tom must have been right.
I must have overlooked something.
Tom must have wanted to do that.
Tom must have told us the truth.
Tom must have studied very hard.
Tom must have slept a long time.
Tom must have left this for you.
Tom must have gone home already.
Tom must have forgotten his key.
Tom must have done that already.
Tom must have done it yesterday.
Tom must have committed suicide.
Tom must have been very unhappy.
Tom must have been here earlier.
Tom must have already done that.
That must have been frustrating.
Something must have spooked Tom.
Somebody must have picked it up.
I think Tom must have done that.
We must have missed each other.
Tom must have worked very hard.
Tom must have missed the train.
Tom must have missed something.
Tom must have lost his marbles.
Tom must have gone to see Mary.
Tom must have gone another way.
Tom must have done this before.
Tom must have done that by now.
Tom must have died of a stroke.
Tom must have been very scared.
Tom must have been very afraid.
Tom must have been unavailable.
Tom must have been showing off.
Tom must have been here before.
Tom must have been heartbroken.
Tom must have been embarrassed.
Tom must have been discouraged.
This must have belonged to Tom.
There must have been a mistake.
That must have been surprising.
Someone must have poisoned Tom.
It must have happened that way.
It must have been very painful.
It must have been someone else.
I think I must have dreamed it.
You must have had a hard time.
You must have had a good time.
Tom must have wanted to speak.
Tom must have tried it before.
Tom must have seen Mary there.
Tom must have retired or died.
Tom must have known the truth.
Tom must have heard something.
Tom must have had his reasons.
Tom must have had an accident.
Tom must have given Mary that.
Tom must have been tipped off.
Tom must have been suspicious.
Tom must have been frustrated.
Tom must have been frightened.
Tom must have been displeased.
Tom must have been astonished.
That must have been something.
That must have been difficult.
Someone must have drugged Tom.
You must have seen something.
You must have measured wrong.
You must have hurt your foot.
You must have had a nice day.
You must have done something.
Tom must have studied French.
Tom must have put up a fight.
Tom must have made a mistake.
Tom must have heard us enter.
Tom must have been terrified.
Tom must have been surprised.
Tom must have been skeptical.
Tom must have been miserable.
Tom must have been irritated.
Tom must have been incorrect.
Tom must have been impressed.
Tom must have been horrified.
Tom must have been home then.
Tom must have been exhausted.
Tom must have been depressed.
Tom must have been concerned.
They must have relied on Tom.
That must have felt so great.
Something must have happened.
I must have missed something.
I must have lost some weight.
You must have misunderstood.
You must have been dreaming.
We must have made a mistake.
Tom must have gone this way.
Tom must have gone that way.
Tom must have changed a lot.
Tom must have been tortured.
Tom must have been thrilled.
Tom must have been offended.
Tom must have been mistaken.
Tom must have been grateful.
Tom must have been confused.
We must have been followed.
Tom must have written this.
Tom must have overheard us.
Tom must have hit his head.
Tom must have had a reason.
Tom must have gone fishing.
Tom must have been worried.
Tom must have been thirsty.
Tom must have been starved.
Tom must have been shocked.
Tom must have been puzzled.
Tom must have been nervous.
Tom must have been jealous.
Tom must have been furious.
Tom must have been excited.
Tom must have been curious.
Tom must have been annoyed.
You must have been asleep.
We must have blown a fuse.
Tom must have sold us out.
Tom must have gone inside.
Tom must have been sleepy.
Tom must have been scared.
Tom must have been lonely.
Tom must have been hungry.
Tom must have been afraid.
It must have been destiny.
I must have been mistaken.
You must have been wrong.
You must have been tired.
Tom must have made it up.
Tom must have lied to us.
Tom must have left early.
Tom must have gone ahead.
Tom must have drugged me.
Tom must have changed it.
Tom must have been wrong.
Tom must have been upset.
Tom must have been tired.
Tom must have been right.
Tom must have been lying.
Tom must have been drunk.
Tom must have been broke.
Tom must have been bored.
Tom must have been awake.
Tom must have been angry.
Tom must have been alone.
That must have been hard.
It must have been stolen.
I must have misplaced it.
I must have been drugged.
Tom must have told Mary.
Tom must have had a key.
Tom must have done this.
Tom must have done that.
Tom must have been sick.
Tom must have been cold.
Tom must have been busy.
That must have been fun.
It must have been quick.
It must have been awful.
You must have seen Tom.
Tom must have gone out.
Tom must have been shy.
Tom must have been mad.
Tom must have been ill.
Tom must have been hot.
It must have been love.
I must have been woozy.
I must have been angry.
Tom must have seen it.
Tom must have escaped.
Tom must have done it.
It must have been fun.
It must have been Tom.
I must have sat on it.
I must have forgotten.
You must have known.
Tom must have cried.
That must have hurt.
I must have fainted.
Tom must have left.
Tom must have died.
Tom must have won.
The plants must've died because nobody watered them.
Someone must've made some kind of mistake.
Somebody must've left the water running.
Somebody must've left the door open.
Somebody must've left it there.
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
The fire must've broken out after the staff had gone home.
The cat burglar must've entered the mansion from the roof.
I can smell Mary's perfume. She must've been here earlier.
I can't imagine what you must've been going through.
You must've me confused with someone else.
Tom must've heard our voices and escaped.
This picture must've been taken in 1964.
There must've been an accident up ahead.
They must've arrived home by this time.
They must've suspected me of stealing.
You must've been working too hard.
You must've thought of something.
It must've been terrible.
I must've forgotten it.
We're looking for someone who has experience in customer service.
We're looking for somebody who has experience in customer service.
We're very grateful to you for all the help you've given us.
We're not the only ones who believe that's going to happen.
We aren't the only ones who believe that's going to happen.
We're looking for someone who can speak French.
We're looking for somebody who can speak French.
We're still hoping that Tom will get better.
We're still hoping Tom will get better.
We're now closer than we've ever been.
We aren't always at home on Mondays.
We aren't here to arrest you.
We're good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
We're good friends now, but we didn't like each other at first.
We're all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We're supposed to take off our shoes at the entrance.
We're looking forward to seeing you and your family.
We're to meet again at the park tomorrow afternoon.
We're eating now. Could you please call back later?
We're looking for somebody who can use a computer.
We're looking forward to hearing about your trip.
We're in for an unusually hot summer this year.
We're bound to make mistakes from time to time.
We're supposed to hand in our papers by today.
We're spending the night at my uncle's house.
We're looking into the cause of the accident.
We're all supposed to know the traffic rules.
We're working hard to make up for lost time.
We're thinking of buying some new furniture.
We're not supposed to drink in this theater.
We're going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We're confronted with a difficult situation.
We're tired of being treated like children.
We're looking forward to our uncle's visit.
We're having trouble with our new neighbor.
We're looking for a nice house to live in.
We're going to cycle to the lake tomorrow.
We're anxious about our daughter's health.
We're going to travel abroad this summer.
We're all looking forward to your coming.
We're looking for a house with a garage.
We're always looking for new volunteers.
We're playing football this afternoon.
We're looking forward to the holidays.
We're likely to get there before dark.
We're just in time for the last train.
We're having fish for our main course.
We're happy to have you join our team.
We're going to the cemetery right now.
We're going to have a baby next month.
We're very grateful for what you did.
We're hoping for your quick recovery.
We're digging a well in the backyard.
We're decorating the conference room.
We're all part of the global economy.
We're influenced by our environment.
We're grateful to you for your help.
We're faced with a difficult choice.
We're going to climb that mountain.
We're faced with many difficulties.
We're comfortable in our new house.
We're traveling on a tight budget.
We're sorry about the bad weather.
We're playing tennis this weekend.
We're going downtown to eat pizza.
We're giving Tom a birthday party.
We're concerned about your health.
We're all liable to make mistakes.
We're all going to die, aren't we?
We're all eager to know the truth.
We're accustomed to wearing shoes.
We're about to sit down to dinner.
We're very busy and short-handed.
We're to go on a picnic tomorrow.
We're thankful for your kindness.
We're supposed to know the rules.
We're sorry for the interruption.
We're out of cheese and crackers.
We're not here for fun and games.
We're used to eating plain food.
We're talking about our friends.
We're going to a dance tomorrow.
We're all in the same situation.
We're eating breakfast indoors.
We're working for world peace.
We're on good terms with them.
We're going from bad to worse.
We're flying over the Pacific.
We're eating breakfast inside.
We're dependent on each other.
We're too busy for that, Tom.
We're staying at our uncle's.
We're looking for volunteers.
We're listening to the radio.
We're going to travel by car.
We're going to the mountains.
We're eating dinner outdoors.
We're not going on vacation.
We're not cold in the house.
We're liable for the damage.
We're in favor of your plan.
We're going to make a video.
We're going to have a storm.
We're baking in the kitchen.
We're in need of some food.
We're going to the country.
We're changing our clothes.
We're awaiting your answer.
We're the first to arrive.
We're going to the market.
We're all in grave danger.
We're very far from home.
We're short of time, Tom.
We're on the wrong track.
We're not hiring anymore.
We're at school together.
We're not all that safe.
We're closing the store.
We're building a bridge.
We're all happy to help.
We're husband and wife.
We're having a meeting.
We're glad to help you.
We're expecting a baby.
We're to meet at noon.
We're on the way home.
We're in grave danger.
We're doing something.
We're soccer players.
We're short of money.
We're coming at once.
We're baking cookies.
We're all equal here.
We're about your age.
We're truly pleased.
We're finally free.
We're guinea pigs.
We're too drunk.
We're soulmates.
We're watching.
We're teachers.
We're so happy.
We're busy men.
We're crying.
We're boys.
We're men.
We're not as safe as we think.
It's not cold in the house.
We plan to play tennis this weekend.
You ought to do that right away.
I'm doubtful whether Tom will come.
Did you do that just to annoy me?
I'm not on speaking terms with Tom.
I'm getting used to this weather.
I'm not sure when Tom will do that.
Let me thread the needle for you.
Tom didn't waste much time, did he?
I can't remember what her name is.
Tom's friends are richer than mine.
I can't remember what his name is.
Tom's intentions were pretty clear.
I wish I had as much money as you.
I'm afraid Tom may have gotten lost.
I'll be there to help you do that.
I'm going to let Tom do as he likes.
I'm interested in studying French.
I'm going to see Tom this afternoon.
Let me introduce you to my family.
I'm reluctant to tell Tom the truth.
This box won't fit in my suitcase.
Tom doesn't seem that busy, does he?
Would you prefer to do that today?
Tom doesn't seem too happy, does he?
You can't imagine how happy I was.
I'm afraid Tom may have lost his way.
You can't keep me from doing that.
I'm reluctant to tell Tom to do that.
Come and warm yourself by the fire.
Tom can speak French, but Mary can't.
I wish I could go camping with you.
Tom promised me that he'd come early.
I'm leaving for Australia tomorrow.
Tom's job isn't as difficult as mine.
I'm not willing to do that for you.
I want to know why Tom has to do that.
Spanish is their native language.
Spanish is your native language.
That's patently ridiculous.
It's patently obvious.
Good call, Tom.
Scarce spake the sire when lo, to leftward crashed / a peal of thunder, and amid the night / a sky-dropt star athwart the darkness flashed, / trailing its torchfire with a stream of light.
Tom's potential has no ceiling.
She steered our efforts in the necessary direction.
We mark the dazzling meteor in its flight / glide o'er the roof, till, vanished from our eyes, / it hides in Ida's forest, shining bright / and furrowing out a pathway through the skies, / and round us far and wide the sulphurous fumes arise.
Something doesn't seem right.
The Kilauea Volcano on Hawaii's Big Island is erupting.
According to a study, 53% of marriages around the world are arranged.
