My feet are sunburned.
My men aren't so weak as to give in that easily.
My battery is about to die.
This store is in a prime location.
"This pious use keep sacred, thou and thine, / the sons of sons unborn, and all the Trojan line."
The captain payed out some rope for the sails.
He practices freestyle football.
"When, wafted to Sicilia, dawns in sight / Pelorus' channel, keep the leftward shore, / though long the circuit, and avoid the right."
He ate cloudberry jam.
The wine was made from cloudberries.
He began differentiating between the two colours.
Her neck began elongating.
Limestone underlies most of the site.
The constables were on a break.
The aerosol was highly flammable.
He took a whiz around the back of the house.
He gave her a big smooch.
The model was featured on the cover of the glamor magazine.
The artist replicates paintings.
She got a job as a recording engineer.
The new tax marginalizes poor people.
The girl saw it as well.
I planted trees.
We live in a beautiful world.
We're living in a beautiful time.
Never let them see you bleed.
What's the point in picking figs before they are ripe?
Always have an escape plan.
A day will dawn when you will laugh at your past efforts. What you realize on the day you laugh is also here and now.
She is so rude: she keeps on drooling.
The older we get, the more we hear about things.
Ah, him? He's only a braggart!
Who could have expected that it would happen?
Tom is a diligent student.
Tom is a dear friend.
Tom wears his hair slicked back.
Tom's suitcase is too heavy for him to carry.
I must've drifted off.
I don't like this part of town.
It's started snowing.
I'm the one who planted this tree.
My father planted this tree the year I was born.
I have several tumbled stones in my hands.
I have several pieces of amethyst in my bedroom.
Do they sell moonstone at their crystal shop?
I suppose you also know it.
I suppose you know it, too.
You gave your word and that's enough for me.
My son is very afraid of Momo.
I've heard about it, but I don't really know what it is.
He is melting copper.
He is smelting copper.
Farewell Mary, but not goodbye!
Mary has been part of the association for almost years.
I enjoyed working with Mary.
His nagging is driving her mad.
My nightingale, you are the one and only love of my life.
He knew there was no escape from death.
I can not find any place where I could write it on your notebook.
Five to seven percent of the population of Paraguay is of German ancestry.
The woman at the table across from me has a filthy mouth.
I'm going to walk to the library.
Powerlifting makes me feel like a super hero in my everyday life.
Tom often has a dopey expression on his face.
I don't think I know her.
Tom looked into the rearview mirror.
Tom looked into the rear-view mirror.
Tom knew in advance that was going to happen.
Tom knew in advance that that was going to happen.
Tom knew Mary would be obstinate.
Tom knew that Mary would be obstinate.
Tom knew I'd be prudent.
Tom knew that I'd be prudent.
Tom knew I was up.
Tom knew that I was up.
Tom knew I was unemployed.
Tom knew that I was unemployed.
Tom knew I was uncomfortable.
Tom knew that I was uncomfortable.
Tom knew I was pessimistic.
Tom knew that I was pessimistic.
Tom knew I was lazy.
Tom knew that I was lazy.
Tom knew I was involved.
Tom knew that I was involved.
Tom knew I was hurt.
Tom knew that I was hurt.
Tom knew I was horrified.
Tom knew that I was horrified.
Tom knew I was home.
Tom knew that I was home.
Tom knew I was frustrated.
Tom knew that I was frustrated.
Tom knew I was distracted.
Tom knew that I was distracted.
Tom knew nothing about the murders.
Tom didn't know anything about the murders.
We think Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
We think that Tom killed his wife for the insurance money.
Tom knew Mary better than anyone else.
Tom knew Mary better than anybody else.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't lie.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't lie.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't lie to him.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't lie to him.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't lie about something like that.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't lie about something like that.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom knew Mary had a husband.
Tom knew that Mary had a husband.
Tom knew Mary didn't have much time.
Tom knew that Mary didn't have much time.
Tom knew Mary couldn't have children.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't have children.
Tom knew I wouldn't laugh.
Tom knew that I wouldn't laugh.
Tom knew he wouldn't be replaced.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be replaced.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be fired.
Tom knew he wouldn't be expelled.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be expelled.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be arrested.
Tom knew he had to escape.
Tom knew that he had to escape.
Tom isn't as nosy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as nosey as he used to be.
Tom is scared to death that might happen.
Tom is scared to death that that might happen.
Tom has never been scolded by his father.
Tom hasn't ever been scolded by his father.
Why does everyone think that Tom and I are stupid?
Why does everybody think Tom and I are stupid?
Why does everyone think Tom and I are stupid?
Why does everybody think that Tom and I are stupid?
Tom wasn't able to impress anyone.
Tom wasn't able to impress anybody.
Tom thought it wasn't a big deal.
Tom didn't think it was a big deal.
Tom thought he heard a shot.
Tom thought that he heard a shot.
Tom isn't as efficient as Mary.
Tom isn't as efficient as Mary is.
I've never asked anyone for a favor.
I've never asked anybody for a favor.
I'm trying hard to quit smoking.
I'm trying hard to give up smoking.
You're not under any obligation to do that.
You aren't under any obligation to do that.
I'm not trying to scare anybody.
I'm not trying to scare anyone.
I'm not sure Tom didn't do that.
I'm not sure that Tom didn't do that.
I'm not looking to blame anybody.
I'm not looking to blame anyone.
I'm not going to pretend I know how to do that.
I'm not going to pretend that I know how to do that.
I'm glad Tom is going to be OK.
I'm glad that Tom is going to be OK.
I'm glad Tom and I are making progress.
I'm glad that Tom and I are making progress.
I'll go tell them that we're ready.
I wonder if Tom was murdered.
I wonder whether Tom was murdered.
I wonder if Tom knows what to do.
I wonder whether Tom knows what to do.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I wonder whether Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
I wonder whether Tom really kissed Mary last night.
I wonder whether Tom is ever going to succeed.
I wonder if Tom is ever going to succeed.
I wonder whether Tom has died yet.
I wonder if Tom has died yet.
I wonder whether Tom got the hint.
I wonder whether Tom and I are strong enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom and I are strong enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and I are really supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and I are really supposed to do that.
I wonder whether they realize what they're up against.
I wonder if Tom is still influential.
I wonder whether Tom is still influential.
I wonder if Tom is still motivated.
I wonder whether Tom is still motivated.
I wonder if Tom is still gullible.
I wonder whether Tom is still gullible.
I wonder if Tom is still committed.
I wonder whether Tom is still committed.
I wonder if Tom is motivated.
I wonder whether Tom is motivated.
I was told that there'd be someone to meet me at the airport, but there wasn't.
I was told that there'd be somebody to meet me at the airport, but there wasn't.
I was surprised Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I want you to know I didn't do that.
I want you to know that I didn't do that.
I wanted Tom to know I didn't do that.
I wanted Tom to know that I didn't do that.
I want to let Tom know that he's not alone.
I want to let Tom know that he isn't alone.
I want to let Tom know he's not alone.
I want to let Tom know he isn't alone.
Tom usually don't listen to anyone.
Tom usually don't listen to anybody.
I understand the museum is closed on Monday.
I understand that the museum is closed on Monday.
I thought Tom would kiss Mary yesterday.
I thought that Tom would kiss Mary yesterday.
I knew Tom was annoyed.
I knew that Tom was annoyed.
I thought Tom was a goner.
I thought that Tom was a goner.
I think you're weird.
I think that you're weird.
I think you're very smart.
I think that you're very smart.
I think you're ugly.
I think that you're ugly.
I think you're too outspoken.
I think that you're too outspoken.
I think you're too demanding.
I think that you're too demanding.
I think you're too competitive.
I think that you're too competitive.
I think you're stuck-up.
I think that you're stuck-up.
I think you're stubborn.
I think that you're stubborn.
I think you're really smart.
I think that you're really smart.
I think you're just confused.
I think that you're just confused.
I think you're jealous of me.
I think that you're jealous of me.
I think you're intelligent.
I think that you're intelligent.
I think you're incorrect.
I think that you're incorrect.
I think you're dying.
I think that you're dying.
I think you're delusional.
I think that you're delusional.
I think you're creative.
I think that you're creative.
I think you're cool.
I think that you're cool.
I think you're conceited.
I think that you're conceited.
I think you're brilliant.
I think that you're brilliant.
I think you're bossy.
I think that you're bossy.
I think you're a very good player.
I think that you're a very good player.
I think you're a terrific kid.
I think that you're a terrific kid.
I think you're a likable guy.
I think that you're a likable guy.
I think you'd make a good mother.
I think that you'd make a good mother.
I think you should get your hair cut really short.
I think that you should get your hair cut really short.
I think you should decline Tom's invitation.
I think that you should decline Tom's invitation.
I think you should accept Tom's resignation.
I think that you should accept Tom's resignation.
I think you can do that if you put your mind to it.
I think that you can do that if you put your mind to it.
I think we'll find it.
I think that we'll find it.
I think we'll be competitive.
I think that we'll be competitive.
I think that we should go to Boston.
I think we ought to go to Boston.
I think that we ought to go to Boston.
I think we need to go to Boston.
I think that we need to go to Boston.
I think we have to go to Boston.
I think that we have to go to Boston.
I think we have a role to play.
I think that we have a role to play.
I think we complement each other.
I think that we complement each other.
I think Tom probably wouldn't trust Mary.
I think that Tom probably wouldn't trust Mary.
I think Tom wouldn't be thrilled if he knew what was happening.
I think that Tom wouldn't be thrilled if he knew what was happening.
I think Tom would like to be forgiven.
I think that Tom would like to be forgiven.
I think Tom would be unfazed by that.
I think that Tom would be unfazed by that.
I think Tom would be thrilled.
I think that Tom would be thrilled.
I think Tom would be supportive.
I think that Tom would be supportive.
I think Tom would be sensible about that.
I think that Tom would be sensible about that.
I think Tom would be self-conscious.
I think that Tom would be self-conscious.
I think Tom would be offended.
I think that Tom would be offended.
I think Tom would be obedient.
I think that Tom would be obedient.
I think Tom would be irritated.
I think that Tom would be irritated.
I think Tom would be horrified.
I think that Tom would be horrified.
I think Tom would be furious.
I think that Tom would be furious.
I think Tom would be distressed.
I think that Tom would be distressed.
I think Tom would be disgusted.
I think that Tom would be disgusted.
I think Tom would be devastated.
I think that Tom would be devastated.
I think Tom would be bored.
I think that Tom would be bored.
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary.
I think Tom would be available.
I think that Tom would be available.
I think Tom would be astonished.
I think that Tom would be astonished.
I think Tom would be annoyed by this.
I think that Tom would be annoyed by this.
I think Tom would be angry.
I think that Tom would be angry.
I think Tom won't get bored.
I think that Tom won't get bored.
I think Tom won't be drunk.
I think that Tom won't be drunk.
I think Tom won't be confused.
I think that Tom won't be confused.
I think Tom will probably cry later.
I think that Tom will probably cry later.
I think Tom will pass his driver's test.
I think that Tom will pass his driver's test.
I think Tom will no longer do that.
I think that Tom will no longer do that.
I think Tom will be excited.
I think that Tom will be excited.
I think Tom will be annoyed.
I think that Tom will be annoyed.
I think Tom wasn't being sincere.
I think that Tom wasn't being sincere.
I think Tom should take a trip somewhere.
I think that Tom should take a trip somewhere.
I think Tom needed to do that even more than you did.
I think that Tom needed to do that even more than you did.
I think Tom made us a better team.
I think that Tom made us a better team.
I think Tom laughed.
I think that Tom laughed.
I think Tom is unconvinced.
I think that Tom is unconvinced.
I think Tom is unbeatable.
I think that Tom is unbeatable.
I think Tom is too weak to win.
I think that Tom is too weak to win.
I think Tom is thrilled.
I think that Tom is thrilled.
I think Tom is stunned.
I think that Tom is stunned.
I think Tom is stuffed.
I think that Tom is stuffed.
I think Tom is stranded.
I think that Tom is stranded.
I think Tom is still tense.
I think that Tom is still tense.
I think Tom is still restless.
I think that Tom is still restless.
I think Tom is still motivated.
I think that Tom is still motivated.
I think Tom is still influential.
I think that Tom is still influential.
I think Tom is still committed.
I think that Tom is still committed.
I think Tom is still active.
I think that Tom is still active.
I think Tom is smashed.
I think that Tom is smashed.
I think Tom is sloshed.
I think that Tom is sloshed.
I think Tom is shaken.
I think that Tom is shaken.
I think Tom is remorseful.
I think that Tom is remorseful.
I think Tom is reckless.
I think that Tom is reckless.
I think Tom is puzzled.
I think that Tom is puzzled.
I think Tom is psychic.
I think that Tom is psychic.
I think Tom is psyched.
I think that Tom is psyched.
I think Tom is positive.
I think that Tom is positive.
I think Tom is popular.
I think that Tom is popular.
I think Tom is pleased.
I think that Tom is pleased.
I think Tom is perplexed.
I think that Tom is perplexed.
I think Tom is overwhelmed.
I think that Tom is overwhelmed.
I think Tom is on our side, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is on our side, but I'm not sure.
I think Tom is offended.
I think that Tom is offended.
I think Tom is neurotic.
I think that Tom is neurotic.
I think Tom is kissing Mary now.
I think that Tom is kissing Mary now.
I think Tom is irresistible.
I think that Tom is irresistible.
I think Tom is irreplaceable.
I think that Tom is irreplaceable.
I think Tom is insincere.
I think that Tom is insincere.
I think Tom is insightful.
I think that Tom is insightful.
I think Tom is infuriated.
I think that Tom is infuriated.
I think Tom is influential.
I think that Tom is influential.
I think Tom is incredible.
I think that Tom is incredible.
I think Tom is incorrigible.
I think that Tom is incorrigible.
I think Tom is impartial.
I think that Tom is impartial.
I think Tom is hilarious.
I think that Tom is hilarious.
I think Tom is hesitant.
I think that Tom is hesitant.
I think Tom is harmless.
I think that Tom is harmless.
I think Tom is hammered.
I think that Tom is hammered.
I think Tom is groggy.
I think that Tom is groggy.
I think Tom is furious.
I think that Tom is furious.
I think Tom is freaked.
I think that Tom is freaked.
I think Tom is fortunate.
I think that Tom is fortunate.
I think Tom is focused.
I think that Tom is focused.
I think Tom is flustered.
I think that Tom is flustered.
I think Tom is flattered.
I think that Tom is flattered.
I think Tom is flabbergasted.
I think that Tom is flabbergasted.
I think Tom is fascinated.
I think that Tom is fascinated.
I think Tom is fantastic.
I think that Tom is fantastic.
I think Tom is egotistical.
I think that Tom is egotistical.
I think Tom is dubious.
I think that Tom is dubious.
I think Tom is doubtful.
I think that Tom is doubtful.
I think Tom is disturbed.
I think that Tom is disturbed.
I think Tom is distressed.
I think that Tom is distressed.
I think Tom is distraught.
I think that Tom is distraught.
I think Tom is distracted.
I think that Tom is distracted.
I think Tom is distinguished.
I think that Tom is distinguished.
I think Tom is disgusted.
I think that Tom is disgusted.
I think Tom is different.
I think that Tom is different.
I think Tom is devastated.
I think that Tom is devastated.
I think Tom is deranged.
I think that Tom is deranged.
I think Tom is depraved.
I think that Tom is depraved.
I think Tom is demented.
I think that Tom is demented.
I think Tom is delirious.
I think that Tom is delirious.
I think Tom is dedicated.
I think that Tom is dedicated.
I think Tom is creepy.
I think that Tom is creepy.
I think Tom is average.
I think that Tom is average.
I think Tom is available.
I think that Tom is available.
I think Tom is ashamed.
I think that Tom is ashamed.
I think Tom is agnostic.
I think that Tom is agnostic.
I think Tom is adorable.
I think that Tom is adorable.
I think Tom doesn't want to tell us the truth.
I think that Tom doesn't want to tell us the truth.
I think Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't need me to do that.
I think Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd needed to.
I think that Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd needed to.
I think Tom could win if he tried his hardest.
I think that Tom could win if he tried his hardest.
I think Tom and Mary both have valid points.
I think that Tom and Mary both have valid points.
I think Tom and I are safe for a while.
I think that Tom and I are safe for a while.
I think Tom and I are really excited about this.
I think that Tom and I are really excited about this.
I think Tom and I are past that.
I think that Tom and I are past that.
I think Tom and I are on the same page.
I think that Tom and I are on the same page.
I think Tom and I are missing something.
I think that Tom and I are missing something.
I think Tom and I are lost.
I think that Tom and I are lost.
I think Tom and I are just about there.
I think that Tom and I are just about there.
I think Tom and I are in agreement.
I think that Tom and I are in agreement.
I think Tom and I are happier than most people.
I think that Tom and I are happier than most people.
I think Tom and I are going to have a very nice time.
I think that Tom and I are going to have a very nice time.
I think Tom and I are finished here.
I think that Tom and I are finished here.
I think Tom and I are even now.
I think that Tom and I are even now.
I think Tom and I are already too late.
I think that Tom and I are already too late.
I think Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think things will get trickier as time goes on.
I think that things will get trickier as time goes on.
I think it's kind of crazy.
I think that it's kind of crazy.
I think that everyone trusts me.
I think everybody trusts me.
I think everyone trusts me.
I think that everybody trusts me.
I think timing is really important.
I think that timing is really important.
I think this is why you're here.
I think that this is why you're here.
I think this is totally outrageous.
I think that this is totally outrageous.
I think this is going to be a good seller.
I think that this is going to be a good seller.
I think this is amazing.
I think that this is amazing.
I think they've been great.
I think that they've been great.
I think they're working for Tom.
I think that they're working for Tom.
I think they're more complex now.
I think that they're more complex now.
I think there needs to be reform.
I think that there needs to be reform.
I think there are some similarities.
I think that there are some similarities.
I think the assessment is unfair.
I think that the assessment is unfair.
I think that's a very dated view.
I think that that's a very dated view.
I think that's a misconception.
I think that that's a misconception.
I think that whole phase is over.
I think that that whole phase is over.
I think tax cuts can spur growth.
I think that tax cuts can spur growth.
I think our inexperience hurt us.
I think that our inexperience hurt us.
I think it's too soon to judge.
I think that it's too soon to judge.
I think it's fantastic.
I think that it's fantastic.
I think it's definitely a game changer.
I think that it's definitely a game changer.
I think it's absolutely essential.
I think that it's absolutely essential.
I think it's a healthy debate.
I think that it's a healthy debate.
I think it's a challenge.
I think that it's a challenge.
I think it'll be good for Tom.
I think that it'll be good for Tom.
I think it would be better for you stay home.
I think that it would be better for you stay home.
I think it won't even be a topic.
I think that it won't even be a topic.
I think it'll haunt me forever.
I think that it'll haunt me forever.
I think it was appropriate.
I think that it was appropriate.
I think I'm interesting.
I think that I'm interesting.
I think I'll cry.
I think that I'll cry.
I think I'd rather not sing.
I think that I'd rather not sing.
I think cute girls probably look cute no matter what they wear.
I think that cute girls probably look cute no matter what they wear.
I think all the pieces are there.
I think that all the pieces are there.
I sure hope Tom doesn't sing.
I sure hope that Tom doesn't sing.
I sure hope Tom can wait.
I sure hope that Tom can wait.
I suppose we need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
I suppose that we need to leave soon if we want to get to home before dark.
I suggest you don't kiss Tom anymore.
I suggest that you don't kiss Tom anymore.
Tom said I didn't need to do that with Mary.
Tom said that I didn't need to do that with Mary.
I said that I would try.
I said I'd try.
I said I would try.
I said that I'd try.
I really think Tom and I are safe here.
I really think that Tom and I are safe here.
I really hope you voted for Tom.
I really hope that you voted for Tom.
I really don't think I can take care of myself.
I really don't think that I can take care of myself.
I realized Tom didn't like me much.
I realized that Tom didn't like me much.
I knew I shouldn't waste time.
I knew that I shouldn't waste time.
I promise I'll laugh.
I promise that I'll laugh.
I paused a second.
I paused for a second.
I paused a moment.
I paused for a moment.
I only had thirty dollars.
I had only thirty dollars.
I never imagined Tom would do that.
I never imagined that Tom would do that.
I know you hugged Tom.
I know that you hugged Tom.
I know you care for Tom.
I know that you care for Tom.
I know Tom will never win.
I know that Tom will never win.
I know Tom doesn't want to hear what I'm about to say.
I know that Tom doesn't want to hear what I'm about to say.
I know Tom cares about Mary.
I know that Tom cares about Mary.
I know this is a sensitive issue.
I know that this is a sensitive issue.
I know I shouldn't kiss Tom anymore.
I know that I shouldn't kiss Tom anymore.
I know I no longer have to do that.
I know that I no longer have to do that.
I know I might not have to do that anymore.
I know that I might not have to do that anymore.
I knew you'd laugh.
I knew that you'd laugh.
I knew Tom wouldn't do that properly.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that properly.
I knew Tom would likely not need to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not need to do that.
I knew Tom would be able to win.
I knew that Tom would be able to win.
I knew it was time to leave.
I knew that it was time to leave.
I knew it was going to hurt Tom.
I knew that it was going to hurt Tom.
I knew I might not have to do that anymore.
I knew that I might not have to do that anymore.
I hope that you'll remember this in the future.
I hope you accept our offer.
I hope that you accept our offer.
I hope Tom receives a donor heart in time.
I hope that Tom receives a donor heart in time.
I hope Tom passes his driver's test.
I hope that Tom passes his driver's test.
I hope Tom isn't troubled by that.
I hope that Tom isn't troubled by that.
I hope Tom isn't timid.
I hope that Tom isn't timid.
I hope Tom isn't stranded somewhere.
I hope that Tom isn't stranded somewhere.
I hope Tom isn't stoned.
I hope that Tom isn't stoned.
I hope Tom isn't sloshed.
I hope that Tom isn't sloshed.
I hope Tom isn't self-conscious.
I hope that Tom isn't self-conscious.
I hope Tom isn't overwhelmed.
I hope that Tom isn't overwhelmed.
I hope Tom isn't overconfident.
I hope that Tom isn't overconfident.
I hope Tom isn't intoxicated.
I hope that Tom isn't intoxicated.
I hope Tom isn't frustrated.
I hope that Tom isn't frustrated.
I hope Tom isn't found guilty.
I hope that Tom isn't found guilty.
I hope Tom isn't dead.
I hope that Tom isn't dead.
I hope Tom isn't dangerous.
I hope that Tom isn't dangerous.
I hope Tom isn't broke.
I hope that Tom isn't broke.
I hope Tom isn't bossy.
I hope that Tom isn't bossy.
I hope Tom isn't absent.
I hope that Tom isn't absent.
I hope Tom is thrilled.
I hope that Tom is thrilled.
I hope Tom is intrigued.
I hope that Tom is intrigued.
I hope Tom is grateful.
I hope that Tom is grateful.
I hope Tom is full.
I hope that Tom is full.
I hope Tom is fast.
I hope that Tom is fast.
I hope Tom is available.
I hope that Tom is available.
I hope Tom doesn't lose his voice.
I hope that Tom doesn't lose his voice.
I hope that Tom doesn't have to go to jail.
I hope Tom continues to win.
I hope that Tom continues to win.
I hope Tom and I aren't intruding.
I hope that Tom and I aren't intruding.
I hope Tom and I aren't inconveniencing you.
I hope that Tom and I aren't inconveniencing you.
I hope Tom and I aren't bothering you.
I hope that Tom and I aren't bothering you.
I hope Tom and I are making the right choice.
I hope that Tom and I are making the right choice.
I hope this gets resolved quickly.
I hope that this gets resolved quickly.
I hope this answers your questions.
I hope that this answers your questions.
I hope they find whoever is responsible.
I hope that they find whoever is responsible.
I hope it's well received.
I hope that it's well received.
I hope it doesn't come to that.
I hope that it doesn't come to that.
I hope I'll be like Tom when I grow up.
I hope that I'll be like Tom when I grow up.
I hope I didn't mess up your evening.
I hope that I didn't mess up your evening.
I hope I didn't botch the job.
I hope that I didn't botch the job.
I heard you didn't do that yesterday.
I heard that you didn't do that yesterday.
I haven't killed anyone yet.
I haven't killed anybody yet.
I have the impression Tom doesn't like me.
I have the impression that Tom doesn't like me.
I guess we could go on foot.
I guess that we could go on foot.
I guess Tom will never get over that.
I guess that Tom will never get over that.
I guess Tom and I aren't on the same wavelength.
I guess that Tom and I aren't on the same wavelength.
I guess Tom and I aren't invited.
I guess that Tom and I aren't invited.
I guess Tom and I are even now.
I guess that Tom and I are even now.
I guess Tom and I are both going to die.
I guess that Tom and I are both going to die.
I guess it's like that everywhere.
I guess that it's like that everywhere.
I guess it's all about priorities.
I guess that it's all about priorities.
I guess I won't be seeing Tom anymore.
I guess that I won't be seeing Tom anymore.
I guess I spoke to soon.
I guess that I spoke to soon.
I figured I should start watching.
I figured that I should start watching.
I feel sure Tom will cry.
I feel sure that Tom will cry.
I expect Tom is crying right now.
I expect that Tom is crying right now.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be unfair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be unfair.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be truthful.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be truthful.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be surprised.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be surprised.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be supportive.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be supportive.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be self-conscious.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be self-conscious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be offended.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be offended.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be objective.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be objective.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be obedient.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be obedient.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be in.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be in.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be impartial.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be impartial.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be first.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be first.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be fair.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be fair.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be displeased.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be displeased.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be desperate to do that.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be desperate to do that.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be curious.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be curious.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be confused.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be confused.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be bossy.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be bossy.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be bored.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be bored.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be available.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will be available.
I doubt Tom would cry.
I doubt that Tom would cry.
I doubt Tom is still motivated.
I doubt that Tom is still motivated.
I doubt Tom is still committed.
I doubt that Tom is still committed.
I doubt Tom is still active.
I doubt that Tom is still active.
I doubt Tom will be thirsty.
I doubt that Tom will be thirsty.
I doubt Tom will be supportive.
I doubt that Tom will be supportive.
I doubt Tom will be sensible about that.
I doubt that Tom will be sensible about that.
I doubt Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt that Tom will be reasonable.
I doubt Tom will be pushy.
I doubt that Tom will be pushy.
I doubt Tom will be punished.
I doubt that Tom will be punished.
I doubt Tom will be out.
I doubt that Tom will be out.
I doubt Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt that Tom will be optimistic.
I doubt Tom will be offended.
I doubt that Tom will be offended.
I doubt Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt that Tom will be intoxicated.
I doubt Tom will be in.
I doubt that Tom will be in.
I doubt Tom will be impartial.
I doubt that Tom will be impartial.
I doubt Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt that Tom will be found guilty.
I doubt Tom will be fair.
I doubt that Tom will be fair.
I doubt Tom will be disrespectful.
I doubt that Tom will be disrespectful.
I doubt Tom will be displeased.
I doubt that Tom will be displeased.
I doubt Tom will be confused.
I doubt that Tom will be confused.
I doubt Tom will be concerned.
I doubt that Tom will be concerned.
I doubt Tom will be careless.
I doubt that Tom will be careless.
I doubt Tom will be bossy.
I doubt that Tom will be bossy.
I doubt Tom will be available.
I doubt that Tom will be available.
I don't work as much as Tom.
I don't want to tell anyone anything.
I don't want to tell anybody anything.
I don't want to share a room with anyone.
I don't want to share a room with anybody.
I don't want to ask anyone for directions.
I don't want to ask anybody for directions.
Was that a surprise to anyone?
Was that a surprise to anybody?
Tom puts in more time than anyone.
Tom puts in more time than anybody.
Tom doesn't need to consult anyone.
Tom doesn't need to consult anybody.
Tom doesn't love anyone.
Tom doesn't love anybody.
Tom couldn't see anyone on the ice.
Tom couldn't see anybody on the ice.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anyone about us yet.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anybody about us yet.
Just don't tell anyone.
I don't trust what anyone says.
I don't trust what anybody says.
I don't like anyone looking at my scars.
I don't like anybody looking at my scars.
I don't like anyone in my class.
I don't like anybody in my class.
I don't let anyone touch me.
I don't let anybody touch me.
I didn't want to tell anyone anything.
I didn't want to tell anybody anything.
I didn't know I'd hurt anyone.
I didn't know I'd hurt anybody.
I didn't dare tell anyone.
I didn't dare tell anybody.
I couldn't imagine myself shooting anyone.
I couldn't imagine myself shooting anybody.
I certainly never killed anyone.
I certainly never killed anybody.
How was anyone to know it was a joke?
How was anybody to know it was a joke?
How stupid do you have to be to send naked pictures of yourself to anyone?
How stupid do you have to be to send naked pictures of yourself to anybody?
How could anyone live in Boston?
How could anybody live in Boston?
How could anyone hate this country?
How could anybody hate this country?
How could anyone do that to an animal?
How could anybody do that to an animal?
How could anyone do that to a child?
How could anybody do that to a child?
How anyone could vote for someone like that is beyond me.
How anybody could vote for someone like that is beyond me.
Doesn't anyone want to know why Tom and I are here?
Doesn't anybody want to know why Tom and I are here?
Do you think anyone knows why Tom didn't do that?
Do you think anybody knows why Tom didn't do that?
Could anyone tell me where Tom is?
Could anybody tell me where Tom is?
At least Tom isn't hurting anyone.
At least Tom isn't hurting anybody.
I don't think Tom knows everybody's name.
I don't think that Tom knows everyone's name.
I don't think Tom knows everyone's name.
I don't think that Tom knows everybody's name.
I don't think you're old.
I don't think that you're old.
I don't think you're cute.
I don't think that you're cute.
I don't think Tom would want to sing.
I don't think that Tom would want to sing.
I don't think Tom would be broke all the time if he'd spend his money more carefully.
I don't think that Tom would be broke all the time if he'd spend his money more carefully.
I don't think Tom would be annoyed.
I don't think that Tom would be annoyed.
I don't think Tom will be truthful.
I don't think that Tom will be truthful.
I don't think Tom will be excited.
I don't think that Tom will be excited.
I don't think Tom will be annoyed.
I don't think that Tom will be annoyed.
I don't think Tom needs anymore publicity.
I don't think that Tom needs anymore publicity.
I don't think Tom knows who he should ask to help him.
I don't think that Tom knows who he should ask to help him.
I don't think Tom knows what it's like to be poor.
I don't think that Tom knows what it's like to be poor.
I don't think Tom knows there's work to do.
I don't think that Tom knows there's work to do.
I don't think Tom knows the whole truth.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth.
I don't think Tom knows the whole story.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole story.
I don't think Tom knows the answer yet.
I don't think that Tom knows the answer yet.
I don't think Tom knows that won't happen today.
I don't think that Tom knows that won't happen today.
I don't think Tom knows that I know.
I don't think that Tom knows that I know.
I don't think Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I hardly ever do that.
I don't think Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I don't think that Tom knows that I don't often do that.
I don't think Tom knows much about Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows much about Mary.
I don't think Tom knows much about guns.
I don't think that Tom knows much about guns.
I don't think Tom knows Mary hasn't been very happy here.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary hasn't been very happy here.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary will come tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary will come tomorrow.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is happy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is happy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is happy or not.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoelaces.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoelaces.
I don't think Tom knows how to tie his shoes.
I don't think that Tom knows how to tie his shoes.
I don't think Tom knows how to relax and just enjoy life.
I don't think that Tom knows how to relax and just enjoy life.
I don't think Tom knows how to have a good time.
I don't think that Tom knows how to have a good time.
I don't think Tom knows how to handle children.
I don't think that Tom knows how to handle children.
I don't think Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I don't think that Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I don't think Tom knows how to express his feelings.
I don't think that Tom knows how to express his feelings.
I don't think Tom knows how strong you are.
I don't think that Tom knows how strong you are.
I don't think Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
I don't think that Tom knows he's not likely to be fired.
I don't think Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't think that Tom knows he's going to be punished.
I don't think Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think that Tom knows he'll never be able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anything about the situation.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about the situation.
I don't think Tom knows anything about Mary's family.
I don't think that Tom knows anything about Mary's family.
I don't think Tom is unconscious.
I don't think that Tom is unconscious.
I don't think Tom is stoned.
I don't think that Tom is stoned.
I don't think Tom is helpless.
I don't think that Tom is helpless.
I don't think Tom is gone.
I don't think that Tom is gone.
I don't think Tom is going to sing.
I don't think that Tom is going to sing.
I don't think Tom is deranged.
I don't think that Tom is deranged.
I don't think Tom is deaf.
I don't think that Tom is deaf.
I don't think Tom is athletic.
I don't think that Tom is athletic.
I don't think Tom has time to talk to you.
I don't think that Tom has time to talk to you.
I don't think Tom has time to read comics.
I don't think that Tom has time to read comics.
I don't think Tom has the money to buy a car.
I don't think that Tom has the money to buy a car.
I don't think Tom has that kind of money.
I don't think that Tom has that kind of money.
I don't think Tom has much time to waste.
I don't think that Tom has much time to waste.
I don't think Tom has much time for volunteer work.
I don't think that Tom has much time for volunteer work.
I don't think Tom has much of an appetite.
I don't think that Tom has much of an appetite.
I don't think Tom has much of a chance.
I don't think that Tom has much of a chance.
I don't think Tom has much money with him.
I don't think that Tom has much money with him.
I don't think Tom has as much experience as I do.
I don't think that Tom has as much experience as I do.
I don't think Tom has as many books as Mary does.
I don't think that Tom has as many books as Mary does.
I don't think Tom has any interest in sports at all.
I don't think that Tom has any interest in sports at all.
I don't think Tom has any intention of backing down.
I don't think that Tom has any intention of backing down.
I don't think Tom has any friends to talk to.
I don't think that Tom has any friends to talk to.
I don't think Tom has a whole lot of time.
I don't think that Tom has a whole lot of time.
I don't think Tom has very much time.
I don't think that Tom has very much time.
I don't think Tom has a leg to stand on.
I don't think that Tom has a leg to stand on.
I don't think Tom and Mary were hiding.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many free weekends.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have many free weekends.
I don't think Tom and I'll see each other again.
I don't think that Tom and I'll see each other again.
I don't think Tom and I are going to make it.
I don't think that Tom and I are going to make it.
I don't think Tom and I are getting anywhere.
I don't think that Tom and I are getting anywhere.
I don't think it's anything major.
I don't think that it's anything major.
I don't think it hurts Tom.
I don't think that it hurts Tom.
I don't think I'm very talented.
I don't think that I'm very talented.
I don't think I'm very lucky.
I don't think that I'm very lucky.
I don't think I'm very charismatic.
I don't think that I'm very charismatic.
I don't think I'm up to the job.
I don't think that I'm up to the job.
I don't think I'm unlucky.
I don't think that I'm unlucky.
I don't think I'm ugly.
I don't think that I'm ugly.
I don't think I'm capable of doing that.
I don't think that I'm capable of doing that.
I don't think I'm adopted.
I don't think that I'm adopted.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom anymore.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom anymore.
I don't think I'll kiss Tom again.
I don't think that I'll kiss Tom again.
I don't think I'd ever need to do that.
I don't think that I'd ever need to do that.
I don't think I should sing.
I don't think that I should sing.
I don't think I made myself clear.
I don't think that I made myself clear.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary will come or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary will come or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary will come or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary will come or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary likes him or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary likes him or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary likes him or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary likes him or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is sleepy or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary is hungry or not.
I don't think that Tom knows whether Mary can drive or not.
I don't think Tom knows whether Mary can drive or not.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary can drive or not.
I don't think Tom knows if Mary can drive or not.
I don't like people to know I can't speak French well.
I don't like people to know that I can't speak French well.
I didn't think you'd make fun of me.
I didn't think that you'd make fun of me.
I didn't think you'd be tempted to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be tempted to do that.
I didn't think you'd be crying.
I didn't think that you'd be crying.
I didn't think you'd be amused by what was happening.
I didn't think that you'd be amused by what was happening.
I didn't think Tom would ever propose.
I didn't think that Tom would ever propose.
I didn't think Tom would be so passionate.
I didn't think that Tom would be so passionate.
I didn't think Tom would be so obedient.
I didn't think that Tom would be so obedient.
I didn't think Tom would be broke.
I didn't think that Tom would be broke.
I didn't think Tom was annoyed.
I didn't think that Tom was annoyed.
I didn't think Tom could win.
I didn't think the pain would ever stop.
I didn't think that the pain would ever stop.
I didn't think the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't think it was such a big deal.
I didn't think that it was such a big deal.
I didn't know Tom was crying.
I didn't know that Tom was crying.
I didn't know Tom was already dead.
I didn't know that Tom was already dead.
I didn't know Tom used to be a professional baseball player.
I didn't know that Tom used to be a professional baseball player.
I didn't know Tom would eventually want to do that.
I didn't know that Tom would eventually want to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary knew.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary knew.
I didn't know it would hurt so much.
I didn't know that it would hurt so much.
I didn't know I should drive.
I didn't know that I should drive.
I didn't know I needed protection.
I didn't know that I needed protection.
I can't believe it's already over.
I can't believe that it's already over.
I can't believe Tom and I are really doing this.
I can't believe that Tom and I are really doing this.
I can't believe Tom and I are really living here.
I can't believe that Tom and I are really living here.
I can't believe Tom and I are really married.
I can't believe that Tom and I are really married.
I can't believe Tom let himself get caught.
I can't believe that Tom let himself get caught.
I can't believe you agreed to do that.
I can't believe that you agreed to do that.
I can't believe you aren't going to do that.
I can't believe that you aren't going to do that.
I can't believe you bought that house.
I can't believe that you bought that house.
I can't believe you confessed.
I can't believe that you confessed.
I can't believe you didn't come.
I can't believe that you didn't come.
I can't believe you fell for it.
I can't believe that you fell for it.
I can't believe you figured that out.
I can't believe that you figured that out.
I can't believe you got married.
I can't believe that you got married.
I can't believe you hung up on me.
I can't believe that you hung up on me.
I can't believe you just ignored Tom.
I can't believe that you just ignored Tom.
I can't believe you really didn't do that.
I can't believe that you really didn't do that.
I can hardly believe I'm not dreaming.
I can hardly believe that I'm not dreaming.
I bet Tom won't laugh.
I bet that Tom won't laugh.
I believe you can succeed.
I believe that you can succeed.
I assure you I won't be late.
I assume Tom and I are free to go.
I assume that Tom and I are free to go.
I assume you wouldn't want to sing?
I assume that you wouldn't want to sing?
I assumed Tom would win.
I assumed that Tom would win.
I assumed Tom wouldn't win.
I assumed that Tom wouldn't win.
I always thought Tom and Mary would get together.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would get together.
I always knew Tom could win.
I always knew that Tom could win.
I also think I'm very open-minded.
I also think that I'm very open-minded.
Tom found it hard to stay neutral.
Tom found it difficult to stay neutral.
Tom found it hard to speak French.
Tom found it difficult to speak French.
Tom found it hard to remain neutral.
Tom found it difficult to remain neutral.
Tom found it hard to remain mad.
Tom found it difficult to remain mad.
Tom found it hard to remain awake.
Tom found it difficult to remain awake.
Tom found it hard to remain annoyed.
Tom found it difficult to remain annoyed.
Tom found it hard to remain angry.
Tom found it difficult to remain angry.
Tom found it hard to be truthful.
Tom found it difficult to be truthful.
Tom found it hard to be punctual.
Tom found it difficult to be punctual.
Tom found it hard to be objective.
Tom found it difficult to be objective.
Tom found it hard to be obedient.
Tom found it difficult to be obedient.
Tom found it hard to be cooperative.
Tom found it difficult to be cooperative.
Tom figured he couldn't afford it.
Tom figured that he couldn't afford it.
Tom felt that there was someone behind him.
Tom felt that there was somebody behind him.
Tom felt there was someone behind him.
Tom felt there was somebody behind him.
Tom felt he could make it in Boston.
Tom felt that he could make it in Boston.
Tom feels he has done his part.
Tom feels that he has done his part.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be worried.
Tom doesn't think that Mary would be worried.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be excited.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be excited.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be crying.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be crying.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be annoyed.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be annoyed.
Tom doesn't think Mary should sing.
Tom doesn't think that Mary should sing.
Tom doesn't think Mary is annoyed.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is annoyed.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom doesn't think it's a big deal.
Tom doesn't think that it's a big deal.
Tom doesn't think it'll be quite that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think that it'll be quite that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't realize that he gets on everyone's nerves.
Tom doesn't realize he gets on everyone's nerves.
Tom doesn't realize that he gets on everybody's nerves.
Tom does that nowhere but here.
Tom died three hours after his wife died.
Tom died three hours after his wife did.
Tom died three hours after his wife.
Tom ate less than Mary did.
Tom ate less than Mary.
Tom drank less than Mary did.
Tom drank less than Mary.
I ate less than Tom.
I ate less than Tom did.
No one is permitted to do that.
Nobody is permitted to do that.
No one can stop it.
I thought Tom saw me.
I thought that Tom saw me.
I thought that Tom did well.
I guess that's not true.
I guess that isn't true.
I haven't really seen anyone do that yet.
I haven't really seen anybody do that yet.
I thought that Tom would say that.
We must find a solution.
Tom is younger than me, isn't he?
Tom is younger than I am, isn't he?
I'm glad Tom is coming back.
I'm glad that Tom is coming back.
Next week I'll be in Boston.
Tom says he has something he wants me to see.
Tom says that he has something that he wants me to see.
Tom thinks Mary is my name.
Tom thinks that Mary is my name.
Everybody is glad Tom was caught.
Everyone is glad Tom was caught.
I don't think Tom is having any fun.
I don't think that Tom is having any fun.
No one knows where Tom lives now.
Nobody knows where Tom lives now.
I expect Tom will do that.
Tom said Mary gave him something.
Tom said Mary gave something to him.
Tom is a much better singer than Mary.
Tom is a much better singer than Mary is.
That's not exactly what I intended to do.
That isn't exactly what I intended to do.
Tom realized Mary wasn't laughing.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't laughing.
Everyone respects how hard Tom works.
Everybody respects how hard Tom works.
I wonder if that kind of thing ever happens here.
I wonder whether that that'll happen.
I think Tom is being blackmailed.
I think that Tom is being blackmailed.
That's not the only reason I'm doing that.
That isn't the only reason I'm doing that.
That's not what Tom really needs to do.
That isn't what Tom really needs to do.
That's not what Tom really wants.
That isn't what Tom really wants.
That's not what Tom really needs.
That isn't what Tom really needs.
That's not what I really want.
That isn't what I really want.
That's not what I really want to do.
That isn't what I really want to do.
These are the same questions Tom might've asked.
These are the same questions that Tom might've asked.
It's important we do this correctly.
It's important that we do this correctly.
It's important we do that correctly.
It's important that we do that correctly.
I'm sure Tom will contact everyone.
I'm sure Tom will contact everybody.
Sooner or later, Tom will do that.
There's a possibility Tom was murdered.
There's a possibility that Tom was murdered.
There's a possibility we'll do that.
There's a possibility that we'll do that.
There's a possibility I'll do that.
There's a possibility that I'll do that.
There's a possibility Tom was the one who did that.
There's a possibility that Tom was the one who did that.
Everybody thinks Tom is on vacation.
Everyone thinks that Tom is on vacation.
Everyone thinks Tom is on vacation.
Everybody thinks that Tom is on vacation.
I'm sure Tom would never even consider taking that job.
I'm sure that Tom would never even consider taking that job.
You can stay here as long as you want to.
Tom can stay here as long as he wants.
You may stay here as long as you want to.
Tom may stay here as long as he wants.
Tom may stay here as long as he wants to.
Tom wants you to know he won't be there.
Tom wants you to know that he won't be there.
Tom wants you to know he won't do that.
Tom wants you to know that he won't do that.
We don't know if Tom did that or not.
We don't know whether Tom did that or not.
You mean you don't have any more?
Do you mean you don't have any more?
I think I understand how you're feeling.
I think that I understand how you're feeling.
Tom wants kids, but Mary doesn't.
Tom was a timid child.
Tom was a timid kid.
I think Tom wanted to kill us.
I think that Tom wanted to kill us.
Tom wanted everyone to know the truth.
Tom wanted everybody to know the truth.
Tom used to not do that.
Tom didn't use to do that.
Tom told me Mary laughed at his jokes.
Tom told me that Mary laughed at his jokes.
Tom told me that you could take care of yourself.
Tom told me I wasn't fast enough.
Tom told me that I wasn't fast enough.
Tom told me I wasn't tall enough.
Tom told me that I wasn't tall enough.
Tom told me he was worried that Mary would do that.
Tom told me that he was worried that Mary would do that.
You should start your day off with a good breakfast.
You should start off your day with a good breakfast.
Tom didn't realize the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom didn't realize that the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom soon realized the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom soon realized that the person he was talking to wasn't Mary.
Tom didn't realize the person he was about to talk to wasn't Mary.
Tom didn't realize that the person he was about to talk to wasn't Mary.
Tom sensed things weren't going well.
Tom sensed that things weren't going well.
Tom seldom agrees with me.
Tom seemed very happy with the toy we gave him.
Tom seemed very happy with the toy that we gave him.
Tom said Mary is probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom said that Mary is probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom seemed to be unaware Mary did that.
Tom seemed to be unaware that Mary did that.
Tom seemed to be unaware Mary had already that.
Tom seemed to be unaware that Mary had already that.
Tom realized that he'd made a mistake.
The police think Tom paid someone to kill Mary.
The police think that Tom paid someone to kill Mary.
Tom ought to have lied to Mary about where he'd been.
Tom ought to have told Mary the truth about where he'd been.
Tom should've told Mary the truth about where he'd been.
Tom ought to have been there.
Tom ought to have been more polite.
Tom ordered himself a new suit.
Tom ordered a new suit for himself.
Mary made Halloween costumes for her kids.
Mary made Halloween costumes for her children.
Tom knows Mary studied French.
Tom knows that Mary studied French.
Tom knows I didn't do that yesterday.
Tom knows that I didn't do that yesterday.
Tom knew that Mary was drunk.
Tom knew he should study French.
Tom knew that he should study French.
Tom knew that he was right.
Tom knew that May was right.
It'll be hard to replace Tom.
It'll be difficult to replace Tom.
There may be other options we haven't thought of yet.
There may be other options that we haven't thought of yet.
No one who really understood what Tom meant.
Nobody who really understood what Tom meant.
Tom is never going to believe I did that on purpose.
Tom is never going to believe that I did that on purpose.
Tom is going to be sentenced on Monday.
Tom is going to be sentenced Monday.
The pay's not bad.
The pay isn't bad.
You'll have no problems.
I don't think I impressed anyone.
I don't think I impressed anybody.
Tom told me he wanted me to be quiet.
Tom told me that he wanted me to be quiet.
I thought you knew what was going on.
I thought that you knew what was going on.
Tom thought he heard Mary's voice.
Tom thought that he heard Mary's voice.
I don't know anyone who doesn't like Christmas.
I don't know anybody who doesn't like Christmas.
Tom seemed to be unbothered.
Tom didn't seem to be bothered.
Tom gave Mary a copy of his manuscript.
Tom gave a copy of his manuscript to Mary.
I want Tom to know I didn't do that.
I want Tom to know that I didn't do that.
I want Tom to know I won't do that.
I want Tom to know that I won't do that.
I want to give gifts to everyone.
I want to give gifts to everybody.
I understand Tom didn't to do that.
I understand that Tom didn't to do that.
I told my children they should help each other.
I told my children that they should help each other.
I thought you were taking a nap.
I thought that you were taking a nap.
I thought that you were sleeping.
I thought you were going to help Tom.
I thought that you were going to help Tom.
I thought that they'd find someone else.
I thought they'd find somebody else.
I thought they'd find someone else.
I thought that they'd find somebody else.
I thought you said you'd try doing that this weekend.
I thought that you said you'd try doing that this weekend.
I thought you said you'd rather not do that.
I thought that you said you'd rather not do that.
I thought you said you'd rather do that yourself.
I thought that you said you'd rather do that yourself.
I thought you said you'd rather do that alone.
I thought that you said you'd rather do that alone.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I thought that you said you'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
I thought that you said you'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
I thought you said you were determined to do that.
I thought that you said you were determined to do that.
I thought you said you were desperate to do that.
I thought that you said you were desperate to do that.
I thought you meant something else.
I thought that you meant something else.
I thought we were rushing things.
I thought that we were rushing things.
I thought Tom wouldn't sing.
I thought that Tom wouldn't sing.
I thought Tom did really well on Monday.
I thought that Tom did really well on Monday.
I thought it was rather ingenious.
I thought that it was rather ingenious.
I thought it was nice.
I thought that it was nice.
I thought I was out of the woods.
I thought that I was out of the woods.
I thought I owed Tom something.
I thought that I owed Tom something.
I thought I heard a mouse in the kitchen.
I thought that I heard a mouse in the kitchen.
I thought I had all the time in the world.
I thought that I had all the time in the world.
I thought I asked you to clean the living room.
I thought that I asked you to clean the living room.
I think that Tom is telling the truth.
I think you're in love with Tom.
I think that you're in love with Tom.
I hope you're going to come back.
I hope that you're going to come back.
I think Tom is talking to Mary now.
I think that Tom is talking to Mary now.
I think it's too late to sing now.
I think that it's too late to sing now.
I hope Tom and I aren't too late.
I hope that Tom and I aren't too late.
I don't work as hard as Tom.
I don't work as hard as Tom does.
Is there anyone here taller than Tom?
Is there anybody here taller than Tom?
You may invite anyone you want.
You may invite anybody you want.
Doesn't anyone have anything nice to say about Tom?
Doesn't anybody have anything nice to say about Tom?
Does anyone here not want to do this?
Does anybody here not want to do this?
Did Tom find anyone to help him?
Did Tom find anybody to help him?
I don't think Tom is still upset.
I don't think that Tom is still upset.
I don't think Tom is still awake.
I don't think that Tom is still awake.
I don't think Tom knows why it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows why it happened.
I don't think that Tom has any intention of doing that.
I don't think Tom knows which way to go.
I don't think that Tom knows which way to go.
I don't think Tom knows where to wait for Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows where to wait for Mary.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary wants to eat.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary wants to eat.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary used to live.
I don't think that Tom knows where Mary used to live.
I don't think Tom knows what you're looking for.
I don't think that Tom knows what you're looking for.
I don't think Tom knows what went wrong.
I don't think that Tom knows what went wrong.
I don't think Tom will sing.
I don't think that Tom will sing.
I don't think Tom knows how it happened.
I don't think that Tom knows how it happened.
I don't think Tom cares what happens.
I don't think that Tom cares what happens.
I don't believe I know you.
I don't believe that I know you.
Tom doesn't want you to know he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know that he really doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know he really didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
We're not too concerned.
We aren't too concerned.
I asked who wouldn't come tomorrow.
I got the corkscrew out of the drawer and opened the bottle of wine that Tom had brought.
How long have you been in this job?
Tom is a man of the world.
Do you think there is an afterlife?
I didn't know where Tom was going, but I had a good idea where he might be going.
Your advice didn't help us at all.
Tom is a little different.
You've always been a quiet person.
I would never have thought Tom was capable of doing something like that.
You're pushing thirty, aren't you?
Tom is a good-hearted guy.
You're not finished here, are you?
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he wondered if they were an item.
You're not angry anymore, are you?
Tom helped plan the event.
You're in for a pleasant surprise.
I told Tom it would be dangerous, but he still volunteered to do that.
You looked like you were troubled.
Tom held out a hand to me.
You looked like you were stranded.
I'm sure Tom will be lonely is he lives in the woods all by himself.
You looked like you were restless.
Tom has changed his story.
You looked like you were involved.
I like both Tom and Mary, but I think Tom is the nicer of the two.
You look pretty proud of yourself.
Tom has been laid to rest.
Would you mind my coming with you?
I would never have thought Tom was capable of committing a crime.
Would you care to explain further?
Tom has aged a lot lately.
Why don't you try using this rope?
I remember a time when Tom and I could tell each other anything.
Why don't you try using some tape?
Tom has a tendency to cry.
Why are you so moody all the time?
I don't believe Tom appreciates the gravity of his situation.
Why are you so keen on doing that?
Tom had no other injuries.
Who do you think is going to sing?
I didn't have much time to clean the room before Tom arrived.
When does this need to be done by?
What makes you think I won't sing?
Who are Tom and I going to lean on when the times get rough?
What book has influenced you most?
Tom glanced shyly at Mary.
We've seen the worst and the best.
I get the distinct feeling that Tom doesn't want to be here.
We're not trying to sell cupcakes.
Tom gets lost quite often.
We're not in danger here, are you?
I didn't have the slightest idea what Tom was talking about.
We weren't even thinking about it.
Tom fought back his tears.
We were pretty fond of each other.
You weren't convinced that Tom needed to do that, were you?
We don't want to be bad neighbors.
Tom drank an energy drink.
We don't know where we want to go.
I'd have gotten away with it if Tom hadn't seen me do that.
We couldn't find anywhere to stay.
Tom doesn't deny laughing.
I've been much happier since then.
I wasn't surprised that Tom didn't need to do that with us.
I've always been troubled by that.
Tom doesn't believe I won.
I'm very pleased with the outcome.
I heard Tom's voice and decided to pretend to be sleeping.
I'm very happy with what happened.
Tom disappeared yesterday.
I'm sure it was done deliberately.
I don't know how Tom and I are going to get through this.
I'm looking forward to the launch.
Tom didn't worry about it.
I'm looking forward to the debate.
The police think that Tom put rat poison in Mary's food.
I'm here to work on your computer.
Tom didn't know who cried.
I'm afraid I'll never get married.
I remember a time when Tom and I confided in each other.
I'll take care of this customer.
Tom's mother is now dead.
I'll stay until something happens.
I heard Tom's voice and decided to pretend to be asleep.
I'll keep doing that if I want to.
Tom wouldn't let us down.
I wouldn't miss that for anything.
I think that's Tom's favorite place in the whole world.
I would've spent whatever it took.
Tom would never complain.
I would've appreciated a heads-up.
I didn't write even one letter to Tom while I was away.
I wasn't allowed to join the team.
Tom wore out his welcome.
I was starting to hate those guys.
I couldn't keep from smiling when I saw Tom doing that.
I want to get close to the action.
Tom wondered who laughed.
I usually take it easy on Sundays.
Why is Tom always so interested in what Mary is doing?
I splashed myself with cold water.
Tom won't likely be last.
I said essentially the same thing.
I'm sure Tom needs to do that just as badly as you do.
I never felt pressured to do that.
Tom won't likely be fair.
I need for you to stop doing that.
I won't call Tom. I have more important things to do.
I look forward to Monday evenings.
Tom won't be pessimistic.
I know where you'll be doing that.
You're the only one who's talked to Tom, aren't you?
I know what they're going through.
Tom won't be disobedient.
I know how well-organized you are.
I'm having a hard time believing Tom didn't do that.
I just wasn't making enough money.
Tom won't be discouraged.
I just thought it was fascinating.
When the time came to do that, Tom didn't hesitate.
I just can't describe the feeling.
Tom will likely be pushy.
I haven't seen anything like that.
I've already told Tom what I need him to do for me.
I haven't completely given up yet.
Tom will likely be bored.
I haven't been officially charged.
I forgive you, Tom. I hope you can forgive me, too.
I have no intention of rebuilding.
Tom will get his revenge.
I have been consistent about this.
I didn't want to make the same mistakes as Tom did.
I had an aisle seat on the flight.
Tom went abroad to study.
I grew up reading Superman comics.
I asked the same question to Tom that I asked Mary.
I felt like crawling under a rock.
Tom wasn't very troubled.
I feel really conflicted about it.
You don't really think Tom didn't do that, do you?
I don't want to have to fight you.
Tom wasn't very ticklish.
I don't see that really happening.
I've always managed to stay one step ahead of Tom.
I don't particularly want to sing.
Tom wasn't very thrilled.
I don't need you to do that again.
I'm sure Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I don't know why I didn't do that.
Tom wasn't very offended.
I don't get along with my parents.
I looked at Tom and wondered what he was thinking.
I don't care where they come from.
Tom wasn't very confused.
I don't care where I go to school.
I don't want to make the same mistakes as Tom did.
I didn't take anything for myself.
Tom wasn't alone at home.
I didn't realize who that man was.
I ask Tom the same questions every time I see him.
I didn't know how to deal with it.
Tom was wearing leggings.
I didn't know how I should answer.
You're the only one who can save Tom, aren't you?
I decided not to cross the bridge.
Tom was very imaginative.
I couldn't get away with anything.
You're the only one who can help Tom, aren't you?
I could use a good recommendation.
Tom was very domineering.
I can't see who you're talking to.
Why in a million years would Tom want to do that?
I can't imagine how that happened.
Tom was really different.
I can't blame you for not waiting.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be excused from doing that.
I always try to drink responsibly.
Tom was hard to pin down.
I almost never eat anything sweet.
I'm sure Tom will be difficult to get along with.
Your prediction was almost right.
Tom was completely wrong.
Your mind is obviously elsewhere.
I haven't been able to get in touch with Tom yet.
You're not getting off that easy.
Tom was behind the wheel.
You're good at lying, aren't you?
I don't like it when Tom criticizes me in public.
You need to find that in a hurry.
Tom was Mary's last hope.
You may have to sing by yourself.
I don't know what to say to make Tom feel better.
You looked like you were relaxed.
Tom wants to do it right.
You know how hard this is for me.
I didn't know Tom before working on this project.
Would you like to see that movie?
Tom wanted all the money.
Why would anybody live in Boston?
What Tom was doing made Mary feel uncomfortable.
Why are you so talkative tonight?
Tom usually seems to win.
Why are you so bent out of shape?
I'm sure Tom will be present at today's meeting.
Who doesn't know what gravity is?
Tom took a bus both ways.
Who do you go to the movies with?
I don't understand why Tom and I are doing this.
Wherever did you find that dress?
Tom talked to the police.
What is you typical weekday like?
I didn't deny that I was the one who killed Tom.
Well, how did that happen anyway?
Tom swore he'd never cry.
We're trying our best to do that.
What was it you and Tom talked about yesterday?
We're hoping we can beat traffic.
Tom swore he'd kill Mary.
We should lie low for a few days.
What Tom and I are going to do is study French.
We really have a lot of fun here.
Tom swears he didn't cry.
We have all sorts of time left.
We lost Tom in an accident last Monday morning.
We had some ideas kicking around.
Tom still sometimes wins.
I'm very sorry for what happened.
I've read Tom's poems. Have you read them, too?
I'm satisfied with these results.
Tom still hasn't laughed.
I'm only doing what I need to do.
I'm sure Tom will be troubled by what happened.
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
Tom should've been tired.
I'm just trying to be consistent.
I don't approve of the way Tom's been behaving.
I'm just saying, it could happen.
Tom should've been early.
I'm going to work extremely hard.
I can't look at you without thinking about Tom.
I'm going to take a tranquilizer.
Tom should've been angry.
I'm glad they caught the suspect.
You don't think Tom suspects anything, do you?
I'm finally going to get justice.
Tom should stop laughing.
I'm feeling really good about it.
When Tom got home, dinner was waiting for him.
I'm feeling pretty good about it.
Tom should be supportive.
I'm determined to win this fight.
What kind of girl do you think Tom would like?
I'll remember this my whole life.
Tom should be displeased.
I'll always be grateful for that.
I wouldn't take my eyes off Tom if I were you.
I'd rather go out than stay home.
Tom sent Mary on her way.
I'd like to answer that question.
I hope Tom is going to be sensible about that.
I'd always planned on going back.
Tom seemed to be unmoved.
I would've been lost without you.
I didn't let Tom play with the other children.
I work with dangerous substances.
Tom seemed to be trapped.
I won't do that again. I promise.
I ask Tom the same thing every time I see him.
I won't be able to get home soon.
Tom seemed to be psyched.
I wasn't looking forward to this.
Do you think Tom was deliberately ignoring me?
I wasn't like all the other boys.
Tom seemed to be prudent.
I wasn't killed in the explosion.
Your friends, Tom and Mary, haven't returned.
I was more than happy to do that.
Tom seemed to be dubious.
I was expecting you here at 2:30.
I'm sure Tom will be enthusiastic about that.
I was a huge nerd in high school.
Tom seemed to be baffled.
I turned myself in to the police.
I'll tell you what Tom and I are going to do.
I tried not to attract attention.
Tom seemed to be ashamed.
I smiled at myself in the mirror.
I'll never understand why Tom didn't do that.
I looked at the map on the table.
Tom seemed temperamental.
I later regretted that decision..
I'll contact you when Tom and I are finished.
I know we'll be working together.
Tom seemed sophisticated.
I helped my mother set the table.
I'd like to share a story with you about Tom.
I haven't yet paid back the loan.
Tom seemed overemotional.
I haven't read today's paper yet.
I wonder what I'll do if Tom doesn't do that.
I had a very difficult childhood.
Tom seemed conscientious.
I don't want to try anything new.
I wonder if you are as busy as Tom and I are.
I don't want to own a restaurant.
Tom seemed a little down.
I don't see why I shouldn't sing.
I took it for granted that Tom would do that.
I don't really have any comments.
Tom ran towards the pool.
I don't like to be called a fool.
I think Tom is going to pass the examination.
I don't like being told to hurry.
Tom pleaded for his life.
I don't know why my wife left me.
I don't like it when Tom kisses me in public.
I don't get out of the city much.
Tom often makes us laugh.
I don't get along with my mother.
I don't like it when Tom cracks his knuckles.
I don't get along with my father.
Tom often makes Mary cry.
I didn't know for certain either.
I didn't notice that Tom wasn't at the party.
I didn't have any of the details.
Tom never talks about it.
I didn't have a gun at that time.
You think Tom will be doing that, don't you?
I can't believe anything you say.
Tom needs to be grounded.
I boarded a bus bound for Boston.
Whatever it is, Tom and I aren't interested.
I believe in saying what I think.
Tom needs to be expelled.
Your bag exceeds the size limit.
What did Tom do to get expelled from school?
You've hit the nail on the head.
Tom needs to be detained.
You're on probation, aren't you?
What are Tom and I supposed to do with that?
You're conservative, aren't you?
Tom needs to be captured.
You're a really interesting guy.
I have only heard positive things about Tom.
You'll laugh when you hear this.
Tom must've been serious.
You never seem to get any older.
I don't want to know why Tom didn't do that.
You looked like you were stoned.
Tom must've been psyched.
You look like you're interested.
I didn't have any reason not to believe Tom.
When and where shall we do that?
Tom must've been frantic.
We've only got three days to go.
We always try to make sure Tom is included.
We're in for some nasty weather.
Tom might not have cried.
We're hammering out the details.
I'm sure Tom won't be motivated to do that.
We're getting smarter every day.
Tom might be disobedient.
We'll probably be drunk by 2:30.
I'm sure Tom will be determined to do that.
We want to protect our patients.
Tom made a fatal mistake.
We have lots of time to do that.
I'm not as determined to do that as Tom is.
We didn't want to humiliate you.
Tom made a daring escape.
The sooner it's over the better.
I'm afraid Tom is going to spill the beans.
I'm working as a security guard.
Tom looks like he's well.
I'm sure you're going to heaven.
I wouldn't have expected any less from Tom.
I'm not prepared to lie for you.
Tom looks like he's lost.
I'm in a committed relationship.
I love the fact that Tom is back in Boston.
I'm going to be here to do that.
Tom looks like he's glad.
I'm glad we're still doing that.
I haven't said anything negative about Tom.
I'm feeling nostalgic right now.
Tom likes to be prepared.
I'm fed up with your complaints.
I have only heard positive things from Tom.
I'll tell you when you're older.
Tom knows Mary won't cry.
I'd die if that happened to me.
I have always had mixed feelings about Tom.
I work for the Canadian embassy.
Tom knows I wouldn't cry.
I went to a movie with a friend.
I didn't take Tom's age into consideration.
I was a lawyer for thirty years.
Tom knew what was coming.
I usually keep things to myself.
I didn't notice that Tom was staring at me.
I suppose you do that every day.
Tom isn't needed anymore.
I slept for the rest of the day.
Who told you Tom didn't want to kiss Mary?
I need to get on with my work.
Tom is up for reelection.
I need to make up for lost time.
I'm the one who can speak French, not Tom.
I need to get medical attention.
Tom is unlikely to laugh.
I need to be brought up to date.
I'm sure Tom won't be thrilled to see you.
I need to be away for some time.
Tom is too stupid to win.
I lowered myself into the water.
I'm sure Tom won't be finished doing that.
I lowered myself into the chair.
Tom is the prime suspect.
I looked at the map on the wall.
I'm sure Tom will be desperate to do that.
I just thought I'd go for a run.
Tom is the boy next door.
I heard three distinct gunshots.
I won't likely tell Tom what I want to do.
I have an excruciating headache.
Tom is still on the move.
I got up and walked to the door.
I never thought Tom would need to do that.
I got the punishment I deserved.
Tom is still influential.
I got on a bus bound for Boston.
I haven't said anything to Tom about that.
I got away disguised as a woman.
Tom is singing right now.
I forced myself to stay focused.
I didn't have any reason not to trust Tom.
I feel pretty confident of that.
Tom is out of luck again.
I excused myself for being late.
I already know why Tom didn't leave early.
I eventually wound up in Boston.
Tom is on duty, isn't he?
I don't want to be disappointed.
You obviously know very little about Tom.
I don't like unsolicited advice.
Tom is my first-born son.
I don't like to talk about that.
Why are you always so quick to blame Tom?
I don't know how computers work.
Tom is losing blood fast.
I didn't learn from my mistakes.
We're anticipating great things from Tom.
I didn't know too much about it.
Tom is likely to be well.
I didn't deserve to lose my job.
We had very interesting reports from Tom.
I can't prove that you did that.
Tom is likely to be weak.
I can't find my USB flash drive.
I'm surprised Tom had the gall to do that.
I can't deal with you right now.
Tom is likely to be wary.
I can't blame you for hating me.
I'm sure Tom will be sensible about that.
I can't bear the sight of blood.
Tom is likely to be lost.
I always sleep on my right side.
I really want to know what Tom found out.
I also had some disappointments.
Tom is likely to be high.
You're usually quite observant.
I haven't spoken to Tom for several days.
You're a real pain in the neck.
Tom is likely to be full.
You're a pretty amazing person.
I feel Tom and I are going to get better.
You looked like you were stuck.
Tom is likely to be fast.
You look like you're skeptical.
I don't want Tom to say anything to Mary.
You look like you're impatient.
Tom is likely to be done.
You look like you're dedicated.
I don't need Tom to do that for me again.
You look like you're concerned.
Tom is likely to be dead.
You look like you're committed.
I don't like discussing my work with Tom.
Would you care to accompany me?
Tom is halfway to Boston.
Will you be trying any of them?
I don't let Tom watch TV after 10:p.m.
Why shouldn't I stay in Boston?
Tom is dying to meet you.
Why are you looking so worried?
I didn't want the same things Tom wanted.
Why are you being so obstinate?
Tom is doing pretty well.
Why are you being so courteous?
I didn't want Tom to see me in handcuffs.
Who says you can't have it all?
Tom is calling the shots.
Which university do you attend?
I didn't let Tom answer Mary's questions.
We have a lot of stuff cooking.
Tom is an Asian-American.
We didn't know how it would go.
You think Tom didn't do that, don't you?
Let's go out and have some fun.
Tom is addicted to drugs.
I've never been given anything.
You can bet Tom knows plenty about Mary.
I've already been fooled twice.
Tom is actually laughing.
I'm one step closer to my goal.
Why does Tom want Mary to eat with John?
I'm happy because you're happy.
Tom is a part-time actor.
I'm determined to go to Boston.
What exactly does Tom consider luxuries?
I'd like to see you more often.
Tom is a forensic expert.
I wasn't the one giving orders.
I never knew Tom and Mary were so tight.
I wasn't hurt in the explosion.
Tom is a devoted husband.
I wasn't happy with what I saw.
I half-expected to see Tom at the party.
I was puzzled about what to do.
Tom has to be devastated.
I want to keep working for you.
I don't want Tom to see me in handcuffs.
I want to have a chat with you.
Tom has never ever cried.
I stepped away from the window.
I didn't know where Tom had gone skiing.
I regret having gone to Boston.
Tom has eloped with Mary.
I rarely ever sleep on a plane.
I didn't consider Tom's feelings at all.
I never could sleep on a plane.
Tom has a mild infection.
I need you to do that yourself.
When Tom is around, things just happen.
I need to get away from Boston.
Tom has a jealous streak.
I lost the job I had in Boston.
I tell Tom the same thing all the time.
I know how to talk to children.
Tom had no desire to win.
I know how to have a good time.
I spent some time with Tom on the boat.
Tom had better not laugh.
I had my hair cut really short.
I sent Tom a message written in French.
I had a tiff with my boyfriend.
Tom got straight to work.
I don't want any of your money.
I had a bit of a disagreement with Tom.
I don't understand your French.
Tom got angry right away.
I don't like to work by myself.
I don't want the same things Tom wants.
I don't know the answer myself.
Tom firmly believes this.
I don't intend to go to Boston.
I don't think Tom was trying to escape.
I don't have to be asked twice.
Tom fell down the ravine.
I don't have time to get bored.
Would you have liked to live with Tom?
I don't have friends in Boston.
I don't deserve to be punished.
Why don't they do something about Tom?
I didn't want the party to end.
Tom didn't try to escape.
I didn't understand the reason.
Who says we know everything about Tom?
I didn't think about it at all.
Tom's kidneys shut down.
I didn't mean to freak you out.
What time shall I tell Tom to do that?
I didn't know a thing about it.
Tom's chest was crushed.
I didn't hesitate for a moment.
We've decided to make a deal with Tom.
I didn't ask a single question.
Tom's appeal was denied.
I can't take all of the credit.
I've already kissed Tom several times.
I can't say I enjoyed the meal.
Tom wouldn't forgive me.
I can't picture you in a dress.
I'll show you the way to Tom's office.
I can't picture you doing that.
Tom won't tolerate this.
I can't help but be suspicious.
I wasn't able to see Tom in the crowd.
I can't have any more children.
Tom won't likely be out.
I can do both at the same time.
I told Tom essentially the same thing.
I calmly poured myself a drink.
Tom won't be supportive.
You're the team's best scorer.
I don't want Tom to play with my kids.
You're a remarkable young man.
Tom won't be displeased.
You sure are full of yourself.
I don't understand Tom the way you do.
You look like you're troubled.
Tom will make this work.
You know what I'd like to see?
I don't know what Tom expects from me.
You can't be sure it's not me.
Tom will likely be slow.
Would you rather speak French?
I don't expect to be friends with Tom.
Will it ever become a reality?
Tom will likely be safe.
Will I have to change doctors?
I didn't want financial help from Tom.
Will I be able to keep my job?
Tom will likely be last.
Which university do you go to?
I didn't press Tom for an explanation.
Which job did you like better?
Tom will likely be high.
When will the report be ready?
I bought the same camera that Tom has.
What do you predict this year?
Tom will likely be fast.
What do you do if you see one?
You can do that, Tom. I know you can.
We'll see each other tomorrow.
Tom will likely be fair.
We can't go to Boston anymore.
Why are you talking to Tom like that?
We appreciated their patience.
Tom will likely be done.
Was it interesting doing that?
Why are you being so friendly to Tom?
I'm really worried about that.
Tom will kill all of us.
I'm not making any guarantees.
When do you think Tom will kiss Mary?
I'm here to fight for justice.
Tom will be unconvinced.
I'm here to apply for the job.
When Tom returned, Mary was sleeping.
I'm going to be different now.
Tom will be embarrassed.
I'm going back to look for it.
What Tom did absolutely blew me away.
I'm busy talking on the phone.
Tom will be discouraged.
I'm about to leave for Boston.
Wasn't Tom supposed to win yesterday?
I'll pretend it didn't happen.
Tom went abroad to work.
I'll go with you if necessary.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Tom.
I'd like to become a musician.
Tom wears his hair long.
I would never break a promise.
I've decided not to kiss Tom anymore.
I wonder if I'm hallucinating.
Tom watched Mary suffer.
I went to Boston to study art.
I'd never kissed Tom until yesterday.
I was taught French at school.
Tom wasn't well-behaved.
I was ready do that all alone.
I wish Tom wouldn't be so mean to me.
I want to know who lived here.
Tom wasn't very sincere.
I usually swim in the morning.
I wish I could tell Tom all about it.
I tried, but couldn't do that.
Tom wasn't very prudent.
I need to talk to an attorney.
I struck up an acquaintance with Tom.
I need to collect my thoughts.
Tom wasn't sure of that.
I have a heated swimming pool.
I remember that Tom was kind of cute.
I had a good mentor in Boston.
Tom was very reasonable.
I got on the crowded elevator.
I must discuss the new plan with Tom.
I felt like I was unstoppable.
Tom was very particular.
I felt a sudden urge to leave.
I helped Tom get into his wheelchair.
I eat the same food every day.
Tom was unfazed by that.
I don't want to become famous.
I forgot to ask Tom what I should do.
I don't want the party to end.
Tom was right behind me.
I don't want any part of this.
I didn't want to testify against Tom.
I don't see it getting better.
Tom was out for revenge.
I don't normally go to Boston.
I didn't want Tom to do that anymore.
I don't like to feel left out.
Tom was in the military.
I don't have any credit cards.
I didn't know who Tom's parents were.
I don't dare to open my mouth.
Tom was hurt pretty bad.
I didn't want you at my party.
I didn't know what Tom thought of it.
I didn't listen to my parents.
Tom was blinded by love.
I carefully took another step.
You'd think Tom would've thanked me.
I can't wait to work with you.
Tom wanted to let it go.
I can't pick you up at school.
You probably don't want Tom to sing.
I can't leave you by yourself.
Tom waited up all night.
I can't come to Boston either.
Yesterday I heard that Tom did that.
I believe what the Bible says.
Tom used to be discreet.
You're well paid, aren't you?
Will you please connect me with Tom?
You should do that like this.
Tom tried to shoot Mary.
You look like you're relaxed.
Why did Tom pay any attention to me?
You look like you're anxious.
Tom tried to drown Mary.
You got your way, didn't you?
Where's the proof Tom ever did that?
Would you go along with that?
Tom tried to choke Mary.
Wine becomes better with age.
We've had our own problems with Tom.
Will you do something for me?
Tom talked to the press.
Why is this allowed to go on?
We want to be very careful with Tom.
Who gave you this assignment?
Tom swore he didn't cry.
Who do you think hugged Mary?
We don't need more racists like Tom.
What kind of place is Boston?
Tom swears he won't cry.
What do you deduce from that?
Was there something that Tom wanted?
We met over coffee last week.
Tom signed an affidavit.
Was the train going too fast?
Look at it from Tom's point of view.
Was that part of the problem?
Tom should've never won.
The sun will be setting soon.
I've been asked questions about Tom.
I've put off going to Boston.
Tom should've been fine.
I'm puzzled about what to do.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be supportive.
I'm not going to lie for you.
Tom should be terrified.
I'm not going to change that.
I'm sure Tom won't be disrespectful.
I'm about to lose everything.
Tom should be intrigued.
I'll protect you from danger.
I wish Tom would quit staring at me.
I'll be there, rain or shine.
Tom should be horrified.
I'd like to see that changed.
I just can't picture Tom doing that.
I wish you wouldn't sing now.
Tom should be exhausted.
I wasn't fooled for a second.
I haven't hugged Tom in a long time.
I was tired of looking at it.
Tom should be available.
I was dying to get out there.
I haven't heard from Tom since then.
I need to sort it out myself.
Tom rose from his chair.
I need to regain my strength.
I don't want Tom to get too excited.
I need to let off some steam.
Tom retired to his room.
I need to get more organized.
I always liked interacting with Tom.
I nearly killed both of them.
Tom promised not to cry.
I married a girl from Boston.
Yesterday Tom's uncle bought a dog.
I lost no time in doing that.
Tom prayed for guidance.
I like synchronized swimming.
Why couldn't Tom be the one to win?
I left Boston three days ago.
Tom often made us laugh.
I just think it's disgusting.
Why are you being so unkind to Tom?
I hardly ever make a mistake.
Tom often made Mary cry.
I had an interesting evening.
When did Tom tell you to kiss Mary?
I had a very successful year.
Tom needs to be sedated.
I had a rough time last year.
What Tom said wasn't entirely true.
I got rich selling used cars.
Tom needs to be paroled.
I felt myself getting sleepy.
We're waiting for Tom to come back.
I felt myself getting hungry.
Tom needs to be excused.
I don't need to study French.
We don't believe Tom was kidnapped.
I don't need to prove myself.
Tom needs to be evicted.
I don't like to stay at home.
I've always been very close to Tom.
I don't like to share things.
Tom needs to be demoted.
I don't care about my grades.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be impartial.
I didn't want to be a snitch.
Tom must've been insane.
I didn't want to appear weak.
I'm sure Tom will be self-conscious.
I didn't wait another second.
Tom must've already won.
I didn't really see anything.
I'm honored to be working with Tom.
I didn't go out last weekend.
Tom must be incompetent.
I didn't deserve to be fired.
I'll never take that away from Tom.
I didn't buy those arguments.
Tom might not be crying.
I did it with my eyes closed.
I wasn't happy with Tom's decision.
I can't remember ever crying.
Tom looks sophisticated.
I can't do that in this heat.
I said the exact same thing to Tom.
Your plan has been rejected.
Tom looked discontented.
You're involved, aren't you?
I looked back at Tom one last time.
You're a snotty little brat.
Tom knew what Mary said.
You're a shrewd businessman.
I heard the news that Tom did that.
You should repay your debts.
Tom kept pace with Mary.
You got creamed, didn't you?
I haven't seen the report from Tom.
Will you be able to make it?
Tom isn't right for you.
Will my signature be enough?
I forgot to ask Tom how to do this.
Will it matter if I do that?
Tom is wasting our time.
Why are you so irresistible?
I don't trust Tom with my children.
Why are you so disorganized?
Tom is the right choice.
Who's the company president?
I don't blame Tom for hitting Mary.
Who are the real terrorists?
Tom is the one that won.
What's that a photograph of?
I couldn't bring myself to hit Tom.
What were you in Boston for?
Tom is such a sweet boy.
What might happen this year?
I confronted Tom after the meeting.
What is a recession exactly?
Tom is rolling in dough.
What good is that to us now?
I can't see Tom giving up coaching.
What does that matter to us?
Tom is pushing his luck.
Well, shall we do that, too?
I came here to bring Tom a present.
We're starting from scratch.
Tom is pretty booked up.
We're short of three chairs.
I bet anything that's Tom daughter.
We're part of the community.
Tom is praying for rain.
We're getting tired of them.
You've got to tip your hat to Tom.
We should give it some time.
Tom is out of the woods.
We need you to come with us.
Would you want to go out with Tom?
We drove several kilometers.
Tom is on the same page.
We did a lot of good things.
Why does Tom have to pay anything?
We always hope for the best.
Tom is making good time.
I've already figured it out.
When did Tom ask you to kiss Mary?
I'm working on another book.
Tom is living with Mary.
I'm waiting for you at home.
When Tom does that, Mary does too.
I'm usually quite observant.
Tom is kissing Mary now.
I'm trying not to freak out.
It seems like Tom knows his stuff.
I'm quite happy to stay put.
Tom is just catching up.
I'm not getting in your car.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be thrilled.
I'm here to fight for peace.
Tom is hanging in there.
I'm aware of the challenges.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be offended.
I'm a taxi driver in Boston.
Tom is getting divorced.
I'll set this aside for you.
I'm sure Tom won't be sympathetic.
I'll grant you three wishes.
Tom is also a beekeeper.
I'm sure Tom won't be intoxicated.
I'd never study French here.
Tom is a fine young man.
I'd like to know the answer.
I'm sure Tom won't be disobedient.
I would never agree to that.
Tom is Mary's sole heir.
I wasn't hurt in the attack.
I'm sure Tom won't be discouraged.
I was a lawyer at that time.
Tom has to be mortified.
I still have those concerns.
I'm sure Tom won't be cooperative.
I should be the one singing.
Tom has to be intrigued.
I need to update my website.
I'm sure Tom will be found guilty.
I looked at the thermometer.
Tom has to be impartial.
I looked at it more closely.
I'll have a conversation with Tom.
I know where you're staying.
Tom has to be disgusted.
I just don't feel safe here.
I'd rather see Tom go before Mary.
I have somewhere else to go.
Tom has no other income.
I have a contagious disease.
I wonder why Tom is so frustrated.
I hardly ever make mistakes.
Tom has no other choice.
I had a run-in with my boss.
I wonder if Tom is still ruthless.
I got taken to the cleaners.
Tom has never loved you.
I got kicked out of the bar.
I wonder if Tom is still restless.
I got a little carried away.
Tom has been indiscreet.
I felt an urge to kiss Mary.
I wonder if Tom is still reckless.
I feel like visiting Boston.
Tom had doubts about it.
I enjoyed staying in Boston.
I wasn't able to take care of Tom.
I dozed off in French class.
Tom gave an oral report.
I don't want to pay in cash.
I was trying to get away from Tom.
I don't want to be a snitch.
Tom gave Mary a massage.
I don't want to appear weak.
I helped get Tom into this school.
I don't like people who lie.
Tom fought for his life.
I don't know what awaits me.
I got a beautiful letter from Tom.
I do that because I have to.
Tom fled from the scene.
I didn't vote on the motion.
I explicitly told Tom not to sing.
I didn't try to do anything.
Tom expects Mary to cry.
I didn't make it any better.
I don't need to give Tom anything.
I didn't know you'd tell me.
Tom doesn't look normal.
I didn't go to the hospital.
I don't need Tom to do that again.
I didn't do enough research.
Tom died in the robbery.
I didn't dare open my mouth.
I don't have to give Tom anything.
I can't picture you dancing.
Tom, too, will do that.
I can't help but be jealous.
You can't replace a guy like Tom.
I can't afford to be choosy.
Tom's trial isn't over.
I called you this afternoon.
I've got a bone to pick with Tom.
I armed myself with a knife.
Tom wouldn't be afraid.
I absolutely agree with you.
I'm sure Tom won't be reasonable.
Do you have any last wishes?
Tom won't likely be OK.
You're very well respected.
I'm sure Tom won't be downstairs.
You're very impressionable.
Tom won't be suspended.
You're always disappointed.
I'm sure Tom won't be displeased.
You'd be bad at doing that.
Tom won't be skeptical.
You summed it up perfectly.
I'm sure Tom will be pessimistic.
You look totally wiped out.
Tom won't be depressed.
You look like you're tough.
I'm sure Tom will be intoxicated.
You broke the world record.
Tom won't be concerned.
Will this strategy succeed?
I'm sure Tom will be heartbroken.
Why are you so unambitious?
Tom will certainly cry.
Why are you so thickheaded?
I'm sure Tom will be discouraged.
Why are you so influential?
Tom will be supportive.
Why are you being so nosey?
I'm going to compete against Tom.
Who's going to sing for us?
Tom will be optimistic.
Who shall I say is calling?
I'll try to persuade Tom to sing.
What can you say in French?
Tom will be frustrated.
We've proven that it works.
I'll really like having Tom here.
We still have a month left.
Tom will be displeased.
We just couldn't finish it.
I wouldn't put anything past Tom.
We don't need more studies.
Tom will be broke soon.
We could do with some rain.
I wonder why Tom is so confident.
I've had a change of heart.
Tom will be astonished.
I'm well aware of the odds.
I wonder if Tom is still pompous.
I'm under extreme pressure.
Tom went ahead and ate.
I'm the only one who knows.
I wasn't happy with Tom's answer.
I'm standing on the bridge.
Tom was wrong to laugh.
I'm sorry I went to Boston.
I tried to talk Tom out of going.
I'm sorry I came to Boston.
Tom was very shaken up.
I'm really bad at swimming.
I told Tom that I didn't do that.
I'm ready to defend myself.
Tom was unrecognizable.
I'm out of my element here.
I thought the same thing Tom did.
I'm not where I want to be.
Tom was anxious to win.
I'm not really into sports.
I remember telling Tom that joke.
I'm not quite myself today.
Tom wants to negotiate.
I'm a stranger around here.
I regret having been rude to Tom.
I'll never ever sing again.
Tom tried to kick Mary.
I'll be eternally grateful.
I looked back at Tom and grinned.
I'd probably have approved.
Tom talks all the time.
I'd like to return to work.
I have to take my hat off to Tom.
I'd better go to bed early.
Tom still plans to win.
I'd advise studying French.
I had nothing else to say to Tom.
I wasn't going to say that.
Tom should stop crying.
I was absolutely astounded.
I got on the motorcycle with Tom.
I want to do the job right.
Tom should follow Mary.
I want to attend the party.
I don't need to ask Tom anything.
I tried to catch my breath.
Tom should be thrilled.
I still might go to Boston.
I don't know who Tom's father is.
I should take this with me.
Tom should be prepared.
I never knew these existed.
I didn't listen to what Tom said.
I might not come to Boston.
Tom should be grateful.
I looked at the photograph.
I didn't know who Tom's wife was.
I just got scared to death.
Tom should be executed.
I just can't do that again.
I could've been as famous as Tom.
I haven't been charged yet.
Tom regretted laughing.
I had a terrible childhood.
I actually walked right past Tom.
I got the report you wrote.
Tom regained his sight.
I got paid under the table.
You saw how domineering Tom was.
I finally finished the job.
Tom put me in my place.
I feel sorry for the loser.
Yesterday Tom went to the opera.
I feel like we can do that.
Tom pulled a gun on me.
I feel a little indisposed.
Why wasn't Tom able to hug Mary?
I exposed myself to danger.
Tom never left my side.
I don't need any money now.
When does Tom start his new job?
I don't make many mistakes.
Tom needs to be caught.
I don't like skipping rope.
What did Tom hope to accomplish?
I don't like guys like you.
Tom must've been crazy.
I don't know your name yet.
What did Tom do to get grounded?
I don't have a lot to give.
Tom must be devastated.
I don't expect you to help.
We won't be able to capture Tom.
I don't care where you are.
Tom might despise Mary.
I didn't want to back down.
We made a big commitment to Tom.
I didn't violate my parole.
Tom may not have cried.
I didn't do that after all.
We didn't have any room for Tom.
I didn't dare say it aloud.
Tom likely won't laugh.
I didn't dare say anything.
Was anyone really ready for Tom?
I didn't dare get involved.
Tom let his guard down.
I didn't believe the rumor.
Was Tom getting under your skin?
I didn't admit to anything.
Tom left me everything.
I did it with my eyes open.
I've never known Tom to do that.
I confessed to both crimes.
Tom laced up his boots.
I can't order you to do it.
I'm sure Tom won't be suspended.
I can't let go of the past.
Tom knows I didn't die.
I can't help the way I am..
I'm sure Tom won't be organized.
Your criticism was unfair.
Tom isn't staying here.
You're very compassionate.
I'm sure Tom won't be objective.
You're a tough negotiator.
Tom is three floors up.
You're a hard man to read.
I'm sure Tom won't be irritated.
You don't deserve respect.
Tom is the coordinator.
You can't beat the system.
I'm sure Tom won't be available.
Why don't you have to go?
Tom is taking a snooze.
Why are you so successful?
I'm sure Tom will be supportive.
Why are you so prejudiced?
Tom is still motivated.
Why are you so possessive?
I'm sure Tom will be optimistic.
Why are you so persistent?
Tom is still committed.
Why are you so overweight?
I'm sure Tom will be frustrated.
Why are you so distracted?
Tom is smartly dressed.
Who could do such a thing?
I'm sure Tom will be displeased.
What's your shirt made of?
Tom is skipping school.
What's next to the church?
I'm sure Tom will be devastated.
What else is on your mind?
Tom is quite a handful.
What are you worrying for?
I'm sure Tom will be astonished.
We're short three cups.
Tom is out for revenge.
We'll always be proactive.
I'm starting to not believe Tom.
We need to talk with them.
Tom is obliged to wait.
We had some early success.
I'm astounded that Tom did that.
We did have a controversy.
Tom is more than ready.
We can still go to Boston.
I wonder why Tom spills so much.
I've really let myself go.
Tom is likely to laugh.
I've never run for office.
I wonder why Tom is so stubborn.
I've always hated singing.
Tom is in a rival gang.
I'm the team's head coach.
I wonder if Tom is still active.
I'm proud of this project.
Tom is hard on himself.
I'm going to check it out.
I was asked questions about Tom.
I'll never come to Boston.
Tom is dealing with it.
I'll come to Boston later.
I stared at Tom in astonishment.
I write with my left hand.
Tom is coming after us.
I wouldn't live in Boston.
I looked back at Tom and smiled.
I wish you'd stop singing.
Tom is clearly in love.
I wish you'd quit singing.
I looked back and smiled at Tom.
I wanted more information.
Tom is an army captain.
I want to go home and cry.
I looked at Tom in astonishment.
I vowed I'd never do that.
Tom is about done here.
I turned down their offer.
I just can't take Tom seriously.
I succeeded in doing that.
Tom is a wannabe actor.
I probably shouldn't sing.
I've enjoyed being around Tom.
I ought to stay in Boston.
Tom is a dirty old man.
I needed more information.
I got married to Tom last month.
I might very well do that.
Tom invited Mary along.
I like collecting insects.
I don't need to see Tom do that.
I just went along with it.
Tom inspected the boat.
I haven't always been shy.
I didn't want to antagonize Tom.
I have to do a better job.
Tom hates being mocked.
I have a very large house.
I didn't take Tom too seriously.
I have a degree in French.
Tom hasn't been crying.
I had nothing left to eat.
I didn't deny that I killed Tom.
I had a rough day at work.
Tom has to get over it.
I had a night to remember.
I couldn't rely on Tom judgment.
I had a nervous breakdown.
Tom has to be troubled.
I got on a bus for Boston.
I always dreamed of meeting Tom.
I got involved in a brawl.
Tom has to be thrilled.
I fully intend to do that.
I advised Tom to tip generously.
I felt a stab of jealousy.
Tom has to be famished.
I feel we need to do that.
Why is Tom having so much trouble doing that?
I don't want your apology.
Tom had a lucky escape.
I don't want to back down.
Where did we go wrong with Tom?
I don't see the necessity.
Tom gave a low whistle.
I don't have a theory yet.
We're excited to have Tom here.
I don't care where I work.
Tom dropped his weapon.
I don't blame you one bit.
We need to give Tom some space.
I didn't want to be found.
Tom doesn't deny lying.
I didn't try to be a hero.
I've kissed Tom more than once.
I didn't make it that far.
Tom's head was shaved.
I didn't feel like a hero.
I've always been there for Tom.
I didn't admit my mistake.
Tom wracked his brain.
I couldn't live in Boston.
I'm tired of reading about Tom.
I can say whatever I wish.
Tom wouldn't hurt you.
I can both sing and dance.
I'm sure Tom won't be punctual.
You're warm and generous.
Tom wouldn't back off.
You're very affectionate.
I'm sure Tom won't be offended.
You're a skillful driver.
Tom worked diligently.
You're a hero in my book.
I'm sure Tom won't be obedient.
You need to speak French.
Tom won't be obedient.
You may not go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't be forgiven.
Why not do that tomorrow?
Tom won't be confused.
Why does it take so long?
I'm sure Tom won't be done yet.
Why are you so motivated?
Tom will see you soon.
Why are you so impatient?
I'm sure Tom won't be confused.
Who's the better athlete?
Tom will likely laugh.
Who was behind the wheel?
I'm sure Tom will be sarcastic.
Where are we going again?
Tom will be intrigued.
What's behind the church?
I'm sure Tom will be organized.
What does it consist of?
Tom will be disgusted.
What are you about to do?
I'm sure Tom will be obstinate.
Were you wearing clothes?
Tom will be desperate.
We've solved the mystery.
I'm sure Tom will be miserable.
We're short three spoons.
Tom will be depressed.
We're looking for it now.
I'm sure Tom will be intrigued.
We're living on the edge.
Tom will be dangerous.
We're going to come home.
I'm sure Tom will be horrified.
We should leave it alone.
Tom will be concerned.
I've never been defeated.
I'm sure Tom will be exhausted.
I've had to work on that.
Tom went on to Boston.
I'm trying to act casual.
I'm sure Tom will be disgusted.
I'm finally myself again.
Tom went in the house.
I'm confident of success.
I'm looking for a gift for Tom.
I'll have to go for help.
Tom wasn't very tense.
I'll bring you some food.
I'm just glad to have Tom back.
I would never admit that.
Tom wasn't very bossy.
I wish to stay in Boston.
I'm going to explain it to Tom.
I wish to live in Boston.
Tom was yelling a lot.
I used to be competitive.
I'm confident we can catch Tom.
I refuse to go to Boston.
Tom was very outgoing.
I read that in the paper.
I wonder why Tom is so jittery.
I pulled myself together.
Tom was my first love.
I must make preparations.
I wonder if Tom is still weird.
I must do that carefully.
Tom was holding a gun.
I looked at the painting.
I wonder if Tom is still tense.
I keep having flashbacks.
Tom was having doubts.
I had to do that quickly.
I wasn't too worried about Tom.
I had a traffic accident.
Tom was cool about it.
I had a drink in my hand.
I was working when Tom arrived.
I got off with a warning.
Tom used to be polite.
I got off to a bad start.
I was always very close to Tom.
I feel really conflicted.
Tom took another look.
I eventually left Boston.
I remember doing that with Tom.
I don't want you to sing.
Tom should let me win.
I don't have any donkeys.
I need to tell Tom what I want.
I don't have all evening.
Tom should be pleased.
I didn't press the issue.
I know why Tom got embarrassed.
I didn't obey my parents.
Tom should be outside.
I didn't leave a message.
I helped Tom break out of jail.
I didn't identify myself.
Tom should be furious.
I didn't hesitate at all.
I haven't said anything to Tom.
I didn't believe my eyes.
Tom should be frantic.
I did that the right way.
I haven't heard from Tom since.
I can't sleep on a plane.
Tom should be excited.
I can't make you love me.
I got mad and called Tom names.
I can't make you do that.
Tom should be curious.
I asked for three things.
I found Tom sleeping in my bed.
I advise you not to sing.
Tom seemed to be glad.
You're very sympathetic.
I found Tom reading my letters.
You're very interesting.
Tom saw the bus go by.
You're very domineering.
I forgot to ask Tom about that.
You're very adventurous.
Tom released the bird.
You're the only suspect.
I don't want to see Tom at all.
You're tall, aren't you?
Tom reached out to me.
You must come to Boston.
I didn't know why Tom was busy.
Why are you so tolerant?
Tom ran off with Mary.
Why are you so talented?
I didn't have to stay with Tom.
Why are you so reckless?
Tom promised he'd win.
Why are you so gullible?
I could've saved Tom the money.
Why are you so generous?
Tom poked fun at Mary.
Why are you so annoying?
You couldn't make Tom do that.
Who can it be this time?
Tom must've been full.
Where's your patriotism?
Will you take this box to Tom?
What's your data source?
Tom must be mortified.
What's the message here?
Why were Tom and Mary at home?
What's getting you down?
Tom must be intrigued.
What's better than this?
What turned Tom into a killer?
What if that isn't true?
Tom must be disgusted.
What if nothing happens?
We can't let Tom speak French.
What if it's not enough?
Tom loved Mary deeply.
What does the data show?
I'm sure Tom won't be pleased.
We're not going to sing.
Tom looked mesmerized.
We'll review everything.
I'm sure Tom won't be jealous.
We can't let them enter.
Tom looked astonished.
We aren't yet convinced.
I'm sure Tom will be truthful.
Wait for me at the exit.
Tom lives in the city.
I've already had coffee.
I'm sure Tom will be offended.
I'm working on new book.
Tom leapt to his feet.
I'm trying to keep cool.
I'm sure Tom will be obedient.
I'm not bothered at all.
Tom landed a good job.
I'm here to take a test.
I'm sure Tom will be grateful.
I'm glad you didn't lie.
Tom kept Mary company.
I'll probably try again.
I'm sure Tom will be generous.
I'd never walk that far.
Tom is willing to pay.
I'd like scrambled eggs.
I'm sure Tom will be forgiven.
I wouldn't do otherwise.
Tom is sorting it out.
I was utterly exhausted.
I'm sure Tom will be famished.
I shouted myself hoarse.
Tom is really stumped.
I should've left a note.
I'm sorry to have doubted Tom.
I know what I look like.
Tom is really in love.
I have to eat something.
I'd rather kiss Tom than John.
I have a company to run.
Tom is moving forward.
I had my hair cut short.
I'd do the same thing for Tom.
I got on the 2:train.
Tom is just using you.
I don't want to testify.
I wonder why Tom is so greedy.
I don't like your voice.
Tom is going in first.
I don't like to be cold.
I never forgot about you, Tom.
I do yoga every morning.
Tom is faster than us.
I didn't put up a fight.
I know why Tom got interested.
I didn't need the money.
Tom is awaiting trial.
I didn't like the place.
I got tired of yelling at Tom.
I didn't have any doubt.
Tom is an intense guy.
I did that very quickly.
I get tired of yelling at Tom.
I denied myself nothing.
Tom is a snotty child.
I can't force you to go.
I don't trust Tom with my car.
I can't bear it anymore.
Tom is a free man now.
Your plan is brilliant.
I didn't want Tom to touch me.
You've done that wrong.
Tom hopped in his car.
You've done that right.
I didn't make Tom do anything.
You've done that again.
Tom hasn't ever cried.
You're not even trying.
I asked Tom to keep me posted.
You're completely nuts.
Tom has tunnel vision.
You're clearly rattled.
Why would Tom come to Boston?
You're a very sick man.
Tom has to be psyched.
You're a smooth talker.
Why might Tom have done that?
You're a real nuisance.
Tom has to be prudent.
You were great tonight.
Why do Tom and Mary think so?
You might be in danger.
Tom has to be frantic.
You did that all right.
Who told you Tom hugged Mary?
Why let it go to waste?
Tom has a bad stutter.
Why does it not matter?
Who told Tom not to hug Mary?
Why are you so shocked?
Tom had an accomplice.
Why are you so selfish?
What if Tom knows about that?
Why are you so frantic?
Tom got his shirt wet.
Who's the best athlete?
We've had a lovely time, Tom.
Who can say no to that?
Tom got Mary to leave.
Where shall we do that?
We can't count on Tom to win.
Where does that get us?
Tom found Mary crying.
What's the real policy?
I'm sure Tom won't be sleepy.
What's the big picture?
Tom felt out of place.
What's holding us back?
I'm sure Tom won't be afraid.
What were they smoking?
Tom fell on his knees.
What more can you want?
I'm sure Tom won't be absent.
What happened to those?
Tom earned good money.
What do you care about?
I'm sure Tom will be starved.
What do we do about it?
Tom drank a milkshake.
We'd better run for it.
I'm sure Tom will be puzzled.
We want to get a house.
Tom didn't touch Mary.
We need more employees.
I'm sure Tom will be psyched.
We might still make it.
Tom's grades dropped.
We are kindred spirits.
I'm sure Tom will be prudent.
I've been disinherited.
Tom's fate is sealed.
I've always been quiet.
I'm sure Tom will be furious.
I've always been messy.
Tom won't go to jail.
I'm willing to testify.
I'm sure Tom will be frantic.
I'm very uncomfortable.
Tom won't be curious.
I'm sorry that I cried.
I'm sure Tom will be excited.
I'm soaked to the skin.
Tom will be outraged.
I'm going to cooperate.
I wonder why Tom is so cruel.
I'll never forsake you.
Tom will be offended.
I'll never be forgiven.
I'll go, rain or shine.
Tom will be generous.
I'd like to drink beer.
I need Tom to do that for us.
I'd do anything to win.
Tom will be famished.
I won't come to Boston.
I know why Tom stayed single.
I wish to visit Boston.
Tom will be annoying.
I wish to go to Boston.
I know why Tom got impatient.
I want to be a success.
Tom went out to play.
I took some painkiller.
I don't want Tom to touch me.
I looked for some rope.
Tom watched in shock.
I looked at the letter.
I can't take my eyes off Tom.
I looked at the ground.
Tom wasn't very well.
I looked at my compass.
I can't keep my eyes off Tom.
I looked at it closely.
Tom wasn't very weak.
I like doing that best.
You've done splendidly, Tom.
I hesitated to do that.
Tom wasn't very fair.
I had trouble sleeping.
Why is Tom so misunderstood?
I got out of the truck.
Tom wasn't very calm.
I got into a fistfight.
Who did Tom say hugged Mary?
I felt good about that.
Tom wasn't available.
I feared for my safety.
Where is Tom coming in from?
I drove back to Boston.
Tom was very spoiled.
I don't like city life.
What if Tom and I are wrong?
I don't have many pigs.
Tom was very anxious.
I don't have many hens.
What if Tom and I are right?
I don't care who cried.
Tom was treated well.
I don't belong in jail.
I'm very sorry I kissed Tom.
I didn't take the hint.
Tom was overdoing it.
I didn't take the bait.
I'm sure Tom won't be upset.
I didn't shoot to kill.
Tom was disorganized.
I didn't reply at once.
I'm sure Tom won't be drunk.
I didn't press charges.
Tom was a good sport.
I didn't make anything.
I'm sure Tom won't be bossy.
I didn't like the plan.
Tom wants to be safe.
I didn't do that again.
I'm sure Tom won't be angry.
I didn't do that a lot.
Tom wants to be fair.
I didn't cry that much.
I'm sure Tom won't be alone.
I could say a lot more.
Tom walked out on me.
I could live in Boston.
I'm sure Tom will be grumpy.
I can't leave it there.
Tom walked both ways.
I can't figure you out.
I'm not sure who kissed Tom.
You'd better watch it.
Tom used to be funny.
You were my last hope.
I'm in no hurry to meet Tom.
You know it'll be fun.
Tom used to be bossy.
Why don't you open it?
I'm afraid Tom will do that.
Why are you so strong?
Tom turned Mary down.
Why are you so strict?
I would've never kissed Tom.
Why are you so stingy?
Tom took Mary's side.
Why are you so amused?
I wonder why Tom is so calm.
When will the war end?
Tom slid into a coma.
When shall we do that?
I looked at Tom and laughed.
What time is checkout?
Tom should slow down.
We ourselves did that.
I looked at Tom and grinned.
We get milk from cows.
Tom should be sleepy.
We forfeited the game.
I know how to work with Tom.
We don't keep records.
Tom regrets laughing.
We buried the hatchet.
I kissed Tom on both cheeks.
Two tickets to Boston.
Tom ran off the road.
I've been doing great.
I had no chance to kiss Tom.
I've always been poor.
Tom ran into trouble.
I'm very enthusiastic.
I don't let Tom get near me.
I'm growing impatient.
Tom needs to move on.
I'm dying to meet you.
I don't let Tom do anything.
I'll help you find it.
Tom must stay in bed.
I'll buy a new camera.
I didn't take Tom seriously.
I work as a bartender.
Tom must be troubled.
I was very frustrated.
I didn't intend to call Tom.
I want to kill myself.
Tom must be thrilled.
I thought you'd laugh.
I didn't hear that from Tom.
I sometimes swim, too.
Tom must be famished.
I never quit anything.
I didn't charge Tom a penny.
I looked for the rope.
Tom looks infuriated.
I looked for a weapon.
What was Tom in Boston for?
I hesitate to do that.
Tom is sure to laugh.
I have to go to rehab.
What did Tom get in return?
I have piles of money.
Tom is scared to die.
I have money to spare.
Was Tom on the right track?
I have gambling debts.
Tom is on night duty.
I have bushy eyebrows.
Was I supposed to kiss Tom?
I have athlete's foot.
Tom is back on track.
I have a drug problem.
I'm sure Tom will be timid.
I had nothing to lose.
Tom is an avid skier.
I got tired very fast.
I'm sure Tom will be first.
I got the scholarship.
Tom is already on it.
I got on the airplane.
I'm sure Tom will be drunk.
I got off with a fine.
Tom is a veteran cop.
I don't have any wine.
I'm not scared to kiss Tom.
I don't have any pigs.
Tom is a prudent man.
I don't have any hens.
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.
I don't have any beer.
Tom hugged his knees.
I don't have a donkey.
I'm not afraid to kiss Tom.
I don't deny laughing.
Tom has yellow fever.
I didn't really laugh.
I'll probably not kiss Tom.
I didn't make a sound.
Tom has to be insane.
I didn't kill my wife.
I'd consider Tom dangerous.
I didn't get very far.
Tom has to be gentle.
I didn't deserve that.
I should've told Tom first.
I cried earlier today.
Tom has many secrets.
I can't help laughing.
I looked at Tom and winked.
I can't have children.
Tom got really lucky.
I can manage the rest.
I looked at Tom and smiled.
I bought a bus ticket.
Tom fired and missed.
You're a scrawny kid.
I know why Tom got married.
You two need to talk.
Tom entered the bank.
You should stop them.
I know why Tom got excited.
You seem really nice.
Tom embarrassed Mary.
You don't know squat.
I have a soft spot for Tom.
Why are you so picky?
Tom doesn't ever cry.
Why are you so lucky?
I got Tom drunk last night.
Why are you so bossy?
Tom's voice is soft.
What are the choices?
I didn't write back to Tom.
We consulted experts.
Tom won't be scared.
I've always been shy.
I didn't show Tom anything.
I'm very experienced.
Tom wished to leave.
I'm open to the idea.
I didn't cut Tom any slack.
I'm not myself today.
Tom will likely die.
I'm not likely to laugh.
You know Tom is different.
I wasn't unconscious.
Tom will be frantic.
I wasn't celebrating.
Why did Tom do this to us?
I was wrong to laugh.
Tom will be excited.
I was walking slowly.
Why couldn't Tom hug Mary?
I was very insistent.
Tom was very unkind.
I was in total shock.
Who would want to hug Tom?
I was getting drowsy.
Tom was unavailable.
I was feeling hungry.
Who did Tom remind you of?
I was a late bloomer.
Tom was the soloist.
I wanted information.
Where's Tom arriving from?
I want to get my GED.
Tom was overwhelmed.
I took some medicine.
What's Tom doing that for?
I took another drink.
Tom was indifferent.
I tipped the bellboy.
What did Tom hope to gain?
I suppressed a smile.
Tom was doing drugs.
I suggest going west.
What did Tom get hit with?
I stumbled backwards.
Tom talks to plants.
I stopped struggling.
We can't allow Tom to win.
I started up the car.
Tom still can't win.
I rushed back inside.
I'm sure Tom won't be mad.
I rolled over in bed.
Tom started praying.
I reluctantly waited.
I'm sure Tom will be safe.
I never meant to cry.
Tom sometimes cries.
I needed information.
I'm sure Tom will be fast.
I need to do my duty.
Tom snapped at Mary.
I made myself get up.
I'm sure Tom will be cold.
I lost track of them.
Tom sent money home.
I haven't been fired.
I'm not sure why Tom lied.
I have a half sister.
Tom seems miserable.
I got sucked into it.
I'm not likely to hug Tom.
I got out of the van.
Tom said OK to that.
I got kidnapped, too.
I'm considering suing Tom.
I flipped the switch.
Tom reacted to that.
I drank another beer.
I told Tom you'd flip out.
I don't quite buy it.
Tom ran to the exit.
I don't normally cry.
I sent Tom back to Boston.
I didn't turn around.
Tom prayed for Mary.
I didn't mean to cry.
I need to see Tom do that.
I didn't learn a lot.
Tom popped the trunk.
I didn't have a plan.
I know why Tom got sleepy.
I did that very well.
Tom pled no contest.
I did that very fast.
I know why Tom got lonely.
I crossed the bridge.
Tom must've laughed.
I continued speaking.
I know how Tom got strong.
I can read and write.
Tom must be psyched.
I began to feel sick.
I had Tom do that instead.
I almost hugged Mary.
Tom must be prudent.
You're a mean drunk.
I didn't dare look at Tom.
You're a lost cause.
Tom must be frantic.
You look a bit down.
I didn't actually hug Tom.
Will these shoes do?
Tom lived with Mary.
Why are you so tall?
I agreed to listen to Tom.
Why are you so rich?
Tom let me kiss him.
Why are you so lazy?
What happens if Tom dies?
Why are you married?
Tom isn't a runaway.
We love our mothers.
We can't ask Tom to sing.
We aren't in danger.
Tom is very annoyed.
I've been real busy.
I've always stuck by Tom.
I'm waiting outside.
Tom is safe at home.
I'm not very clever.
I'm not as bad as Tom is.
I'm not intoxicated.
Tom is raking it in.
I'm not an imbecile.
I wish I'd never met Tom.
I'm not a candidate.
Tom is insufferable.
I'm in need of help.
I was scared to kiss Tom.
I'm having a crisis.
Tom is deep in debt.
I'm growing a beard.
I was afraid to kiss Tom.
I'm getting frantic.
Tom is chasing Mary.
I'm getting anxious.
I want to get rid of Tom.
I'm getting angrier.
Tom is being conned.
I'm getting a puppy.
I reluctantly kissed Tom.
I'm easy to impress.
Tom is a shrewd one.
I'm completely lost.
I regret not kissing Tom.
I'm all alone again.
Tom invited Mary in.
I'm a house painter.
I now regret kissing Tom.
I'm a fighter pilot.
Tom helped Mary out.
I'm a family friend.
I looked straight at Tom.
I'll make you laugh.
Tom has to be crazy.
I work as a bouncer.
I looked sideways at Tom.
I wasn't handcuffed.
Tom has made a mess.
I wasn't far behind.
I lied about kissing Tom.
I was very inspired.
Tom ended up crying.
I was the lucky guy.
I know why Tom is hungry.
I was taken to jail.
Tom won't shoot me.
I was ready to quit.
I know why Tom got drunk.
I trained very hard.
Tom won't be bored.
I took over in 2013.
I know why Tom can't win.
I started shivering.
Tom went skydiving.
I shouldn't be long.
I just love watching Tom.
I shot three people.
Tom wasn't dressed.
I shivered slightly.
I had a problem with Tom.
I ran at full speed.
Tom was fascinated.
I made for the door.
I got Tom out of trouble.
I left the water on.
Tom was despondent.
I left a lot behind.
I laughed to myself.
Tom used to be fun.
I laughed at myself.
You'll have to kiss Tom.
I kept working hard.
Tom turned Mary in.
I just kept winning.
Why is Tom so obnoxious?
I heard the gunshot.
Tom threw Mary out.
I give to charities.
What's Tom charged with?
I frowned to myself.
I fell off the boat.
Was Tom supposed to win?
I don't respect you.
Tom should've sued.
I didn't name names.
I'm glad Tom didn't lie.
I didn't bat an eye.
Tom should be done.
I did that just now.
I wish I had hugged Tom.
I could come get it.
Tom really did cry.
I can't digest milk.
I might try to kiss Tom.
I can already dance.
Tom planned to win.
I arrived exhausted.
I learn French from Tom.
You're a sweet guy.
Tom must be insane.
Why have we failed?
I greeted Tom in French.
We helped the poor.
Tom may have cried.
We fight every day.
I got Tom out of a mess.
I'm very laid back.
Tom makes me smile.
I'm still the best.
I didn't write Tom back.
I'm not that happy.
Tom looks run down.
I'm not a nice guy.
I consented to help Tom.
Tom is very afraid.
I'm in bed reading.
I can't leave Tom alone.
I'm good at French.
Tom is sure to cry.
I'm glad I'm a boy.
Would Tom really leave?
I'm extremely rich.
Tom is still tense.
I'm average height.
Why's Tom still eating?
I'm always nervous.
Tom is so romantic.
I'm a yoga teacher.
Why can't Tom hug Mary?
I'm a speech coach.
Tom is really here.
I'm a screenwriter.
Who was Tom scolded by?
I'm a pediatrician.
Tom is on schedule.
I'm a hypochondriac.
I've seen you kiss Tom.
I'm a hair stylist.
Tom is no pushover.
I'm a gourmet cook.
I'm sorry I hugged Tom.
I'm a good fighter.
Tom is a weird one.
I'm a cardiologist.
I'm scared to kiss Tom.
I'll adapt quickly.
Tom is a scoundrel.
I was very anxious.
I'm likely to kiss Tom.
I walk with a limp.
Tom is a mercenary.
I mounted my horse.
I'm afraid to kiss Tom.
I had to work hard.
Tom is a go-getter.
I had my palm read.
I'll probably kiss Tom.
I got stage fright.
Tom has to be full.
I got rich quickly.
I'd rather not hug Tom.
I got a head start.
Tom got Mary a job.
I forgave everyone.
I'd rather Tom do that.
I do that this way.
Tom fled to Boston.
I didn't last long.
I wouldn't let Tom die.
I didn't act alone.
Tom felt abandoned.
I did as you asked.
I won't try to hug Tom.
I crawled into bed.
Tom escaped unhurt.
I caught the mouse.
I took Tom by surprise.
I appreciated that.
Tom ended up dying.
You must be blind.
I shot Tom three times.
You make me angry.
Tom dresses nicely.
You can't be here.
I know why Tom got fat.
Who's watching it?
Tom dressed nicely.
Who turned you in?
I have issues with Tom.
Where is my order?
Tom died penniless.
We really did cry.
I have a thing for Tom.
I'm very well off.
Tom died of thirst.
I'm the chauffeur.
I didn't listen to Tom.
I'm hallucinating.
Tom won't kill me.
I'll be locked up.
I didn't let go of Tom.
I resumed walking.
Tom won't be safe.
I ran back inside.
I begged Tom for mercy.
I punished my son.
Tom will soon die.
I may do that yet.
You should forget Tom.
I lack motivation.
Tom will be bossy.
I lack experience.
Who was Tom killed by?
I don't tell lies.
Tom will be bored.
I don't often beg.
When did Tom hug Mary?
I didn't back off.
Tom was uncertain.
I did that slowly.
What did Tom wish for?
I can't look away.
Tom was panicking.
I can't ignore it.
We didn't let Tom win.
I can manage that.
Tom was exuberant.
I can do this job.
I saw Tom on the farm.
You mumble a lot.
Tom was beaten up.
Who'll stop them?
I remember Tom's face.
We took our time.
Tom was abandoned.
I'm terribly shy.
I might just kiss Tom.
I'm not innocent.
Tom took the call.
I'm not home yet.
I just might kiss Tom.
I'll have a look.
Tom should be mad.
I'll buy a watch.
I held a seat for Tom.
I went on eating.
Tom resented Mary.
I was suspicious.
I feared Tom was dead.
I was left alone.
Tom must prove it.
I traveled alone.
You disappointed Tom.
I stayed outside.
Tom made me happy.
I scrunched down.
Why would I kiss Tom?
I saw that on TV.
Tom kept shooting.
I keep the books.
Why is Tom skeptical?
I just might cry.
Tom is very tense.
I just confessed.
Why is Tom confident?
I have to hustle.
Tom is next to me.
I got to my feet.
Why couldn't Tom win?
I got out my pen.
Tom is half right.
I got frightened.
Who did Tom say left?
I forced a smile.
Tom is apt to cry.
I felt desperate.
When did you hug Tom?
I feel like scum.
Tom holds grudges.
I drank lemonade.
We won't let Tom die.
I didn't feel it.
Tom has succeeded.
I chuckled again.
I'm not stalking Tom.
I changed course.
I came out ahead.
I'm glad Tom laughed.
I became anxious.
Tom failed to win.
I actually cried.
I'm blackmailing Tom.
Which is easier?
Tom died a beggar.
When do you eat?
I slipped Tom a note.
We must rebuild.
Tom won't be shy.
I'm very bright.
I regret hugging Tom.
I'm suffocating.
Tom will be fair.
I'm serious now.
I only saw Tom twice.
I'm quite angry.
Tom will be cold.
I'm off tonight.
I miss Tom every day.
I'm not budging.
Tom was ticklish.
I'm kind of shy.
I dared Tom to leave.
I'm fishing now.
Tom was so sweet.
I'm fading fast.
You're welcome, Tom.
I'm curious now.
Tom was skittish.
I'm crying, too.
Will Tom ever leave?
I'm constipated.
Tom was on drugs.
I'm coming over.
Why is Tom barefoot?
I'm at my house.
Tom was famished.
I'm about to go.
Who else hugged Tom?
I'll try it now.
Tom was dejected.
I was very calm.
When does Tom sleep?
I walked inside.
Tom was an actor.
I squatted down.
What if Tom insists?
I returned home.
Tom was agitated.
I returned fire.
We live next to Tom.
I relaxed a bit.
Tom took the bus.
I lost patience.
I'll make Tom laugh.
I felt unwanted.
Tom plans to win.
I did that well.
I refuse to hug Tom.
I could be hurt.
Tom must be full.
I chose to stay.
I might not hug Tom.
I chose to quit.
Tom hit his wife.
I'm in therapy.
I expect Tom to cry.
Tom has seizures.
I worked there.
I didn't kidnap Tom.
I won't get in.
Tom drugged Mary.
I went by boat.
We'll let Tom know.
I was insecure.
Tom was sincere.
I was a lawyer.
I stood beside Tom.
I wandered off.
Tom was psyched.
I took my time.
I photographed Tom.
I stepped away.
Tom was prudent.
I may be there.
I fear Tom is dead.
I looked about.
Tom was jittery.
I had to split.
I'm consoling Tom.
I had no money.
Tom stood guard.
I got the hint.
I was good to Tom.
Tom ran to Mary.
I felt wronged.
I let Tom have it.
I didn't smile.
Tom played dead.
You got a tan.
I'm ignoring Tom.
Will you wait?
Tom is suing us.
Quit stalling.
I didn't pay Tom.
I'm very neat.
Tom is a retiree.
I'm very cool.
I can't lift Tom.
I'm clean now.
Tom felt needed.
I'm also deaf.
I can't fool Tom.
I'm a yodeler.
Tom was groggy.
I'm a referee.
I've kissed Tom.
I'm a pitcher.
Tom is no good.
I'm a patriot.
I got Tom drunk.
I'm a fighter.
Tom is jobless.
I'm a drifter.
Who hugged Tom?
I'm a cripple.
Tom is ripped.
I want change.
We'll kill Tom.
I love to eat.
Tom was well.
I had to swim.
I provoked Tom.
I got panicky.
Tom was weak.
I got fleeced.
I'll beep Tom.
I got annoyed.
Tom was wary.
I drive a cab.
I tricked Tom.
I didn't pray.
Tom was high.
I'm harmless.
I saw Tom win.
I'm friendly.
Tom has wine.
I got my way.
I nudged Tom.
I'm choking.
Tom is playing outside, isn't he?
I got that.
Tom got homesick.
I run a lot.
Tom is pretty creative, isn't he?
I'll fight back.
Wasn't Tom there?
I'm pretty sore.
Tom is quite assertive, isn't he?
That's fabulous.
Tom kept painting.
I'm nearly ready.
Tom is ready to go now, isn't he?
My socks are wet.
Tom was also hurt.
Put this hat on.
Tom is really annoying, isn't he?
See you tomorrow?
Tom loves you, too.
You're good kids.
Tom is really confused, isn't he?
Daddy, look at me!
Tom sold insurance.
I regret laughing.
Tom is really gullible, isn't he?
I'm afraid to die.
I like what Tom did.
Tom is retired already, isn't he?
I'll be doing that.
Tom is pretty funny.
Tom is right behind me, isn't he?
It was a bit windy.
Couldn't Tom do that?
It's freezing here.
Tom is right this time, isn't he?
You look so pretty.
Hopefully, Tom is OK.
I got my money back.
Tom is scared to death, isn't he?
I love potato salad.
I did as Tom told me.
I wanted to be sure.
Tom is shorter than me, isn't he?
I'll do that anyway.
I see what Tom means.
I'm glad to do that.
Tom is still a student, isn't he?
It was a great play.
Tom has quit his job.
No one else is here.
Tom is still a teacher, isn't he?
This is a big thing.
All Tom did was smile.
Good morning, ladies.
Tom is still at school, isn't he?
I'm not yet finished.
Has Tom been captured?
I'm trying to change.
Tom is still depressed, isn't he?
I've missed you guys.
Tom smiled back at me.
It was a great movie.
Tom is still in danger, isn't he?
It was a great party.
Tom wanted to do more.
Tom is still in prison, isn't he?
I drank too much wine.
I eat bread every day.
Tom is still in school, isn't he?
I regret not swimming.
Has Tom ever been here?
I think it's an honor.
Tom is still listening, isn't he?
I wish I spoke French.
Tom had fun doing that.
I'd do it differently.
Tom is still skeptical, isn't he?
It's not yet finished.
Tom is a confident guy.
Just let me handle it.
Tom is still too young, isn't he?
We achieved our goals.
Tom is still competing.
You need to wait here.
Tom is still undecided, isn't he?
I'll do that in Boston.
Tom is very convincing.
I'm still disappointed.
Tom is still under age, isn't he?
It was a good decision.
Tom just might do that.
It was a great concert.
Tom is still unmarried, isn't he?
The movie just started.
Tom still doesn't care.
We're all really happy.
Tom is still very busy, isn't he?
We've had a tough week.
Tom was fun to be with.
We've worked very hard.
Tom is studying French, isn't he?
All I could do was wait.
Tom was right to worry.
How's the new job going?
Tom will miss the kids.
I eat chicken every day.
Tom is teaching French, isn't he?
I eat oatmeal every day.
Of course, Tom is angry.
I may go on a trip soon.
Tom is trying his best, isn't he?
It was pretty expensive.
That's when Tom stopped.
It's our job to do that.
Tom is up to something, isn't he?
That was all I could do.
Tom blew his brains out.
There's no other option.
Tom is upset right now, isn't he?
They do a very good job.
Tom can protect himself.
Today will be different.
Tom is upstairs in bed, isn't he?
I used to be a drug addict.
Tom doesn't get jealous.
We've been pretty lucky.
Tom is very busy today, isn't he?
Do you still like shrimp?
Tom drank a lot tonight.
Every piano is different.
Tom is very convincing, isn't he?
I prefer traveling alone.
Tom has joined the YMCA.
I think that's dangerous.
Tom is very good at it, isn't he?
I wonder how it happened.
Tom is in over his head.
I'll enter from the back.
Tom is very optimistic, isn't he?
It was quite frightening.
Tom looked pretty tough.
People shouldn't do that.
Tom is very supportive, isn't he?
The coffee was delicious.
Tom obviously likes you.
They do a tremendous job.
Tom is very suspicious, isn't he?
We can't work any faster.
Tom reached for the cup.
We didn't have much time.
Tom is visiting Boston, isn't he?
We got fair market value.
Tom wanted to play golf.
We haven't slept in days.
Tom is waiting at home, isn't he?
We've been fooled before.
Tom wants to work again.
Both options are possible.
Tom is waiting for you, isn't he?
I feel like I'm improving.
Watch how Tom does that.
I know the risks involved.
Tom is waiting outside, isn't he?
I may go abroad next year.
If Tom leaves, I'll stay.
I used to want to be rich.
Tom is watching TV now, isn't he?
I was miserable in Boston.
That's what Tom deserves.
I'm not sure who that was.
Tom is willing to talk, isn't he?
I've been working on that.
That's what Tom is doing.
Just tell me what you saw.
Tom is willing to wait, isn't he?
Just wait until next year.
That's when Tom panicked.
People do care about that.
Tom is wiser than I am, isn't he?
That's why I'm doing that.
That's where Tom belongs.
The idea is pretty simple.
Tom is with a customer, isn't he?
We're really disappointed.
Tom does have experience.
Where did I put my wallet?
Tom is with his mother, isn't he?
Don't worry. We'll be fine.
Tom fatally shot himself.
I did that just a week ago.
Tom is working on that, isn't he?
I didn't like it in Boston.
Tom is a horrible dancer.
I didn't make the deadline.
He acted out of fear.
Not only did it need luck, but it required much work, time, endurance and acceptance of risk.
My favourite day of the week is Monday.
I don't want you to tell anybody.
Why don't you want me to tell anybody?
That's a normal reaction.
If you misbehave, you will not get anything.
Who are you going out with now?
Who did you go out with last weekend?
Who did you learn how to do that from?
Who are you planning to do that with?
Who did you go camping with last weekend?
There are a lot of police cruisers parked outside the doughnut shop.
Why do cops love doughnuts?
You will not be needed.
I am a proud and happy citizen of Makati City.
I work in Mandaluyong City.
The tropical forests contain a half of the species in the world, so their disappearance is doubly damaging, and it is astonishing but true that our civilisation, whose imagination has reached the boundaries of the universe, does not know, to within a factor of ten, how many species the earth supports.
Today, we have learned rather more humility and respect for the balance of nature.
Reason is humanity's special gift. It allows us to understand the structure of the nucleus. It enables us to explore the heavens. It helps us to conquer disease. Now we must use our reason to find a way in which we can live with nature, and not dominate nature.
Tom really likes ladybirds.
Tom really likes ladybugs.
Tom needs a nappy change.
The buggy is in the baby's room.
The world is full of wonders.
I'm afraid we have only one choice left.
I made a good buy.
I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you are unarmed.
Tom wants this song to be played at his funeral.
What song would you like to be played at your funeral?
Bad boy!
Bad girl!
Bad dog!
Success can be reached by anyone who wants it.
We cannot achieve impossible things, but they act as a beacon for us.
There doesn't seem to be any money left.
The nettle tree gives sweet micocolli.
Put the umbrella in the umbrella stand.
Tom didn't miss me.
Don't irritate anyone.
How does one use this camera?
Mary likes frog legs.
The chicken ate the foolish mouse.
After being gone for two weeks, was the dog really that happy to see me or did he just smell the two pounds of takeout prime rib I was carrying? Or both?
Tom tried not to think about it.
With the police in foot pursuit, Tom ran through the decrepit fence and vaulted over a small car.
What a waste.
Pancakes, literally, killed Tom.
The table was sticky with pancake syrup.
The ketchup bottle exploded all over Tom's hamburger. He sighed. Another drive-by-shooting.
The cat spied the mouse.
Tom didn't think he would make it.
Tom didn't think that he would make it.
Tom didn't think it was such a big deal.
Tom didn't think that it was such a big deal.
Tom didn't think Mary would be annoyed.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be annoyed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be bored.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be bored.
Tom didn't know Mary would win.
Tom didn't know that Mary would win.
Tom didn't know Mary cried.
Tom didn't know that Mary cried.
Tom didn't know he was getting involved in a cult.
Tom didn't know that he was getting involved in a cult.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary can win.
Tom didn't deny he didn't do that.
Tom didn't deny that he didn't do that.
Tom didn't believe Mary could win.
Tom didn't believe that Mary could win.
Tom could have anything he wanted.
Tom could have anything that he wanted.
Tom claimed Mary had been kidnapped.
Tom claimed that Mary had been kidnapped.
Tom claimed it was just a joke.
Tom claimed that it was just a joke.
Tom claimed he acted alone.
Tom claimed that he acted alone.
Tom claims he had second thoughts.
Tom claims that he had second thoughts.
Tom claims he's taught French.
Tom claims that he's taught French.
Tom checked on Mary to make sure she was OK.
Tom checked on Mary to make sure that she was OK.
Tom changed his mind when he learned he could face the death penalty.
Tom changed his mind when he learned that he could face the death penalty.
Tom can be helpful when he wants to.
Tom can be helpful when he wants to be.
Tom bought a present for his sister.
Tom bought his sister a present.
Tom believes the system is broken.
Tom believes that the system is broken.
Tom believes it's simpler than that.
Tom believes that it's simpler than that.
Tom believes it won't come to that.
Tom believes that it won't come to that.
Tom believes he knows everything.
Tom believes that he knows everything.
Tom believed that was going to happen.
Tom believed that that was going to happen.
Tom didn't know Mary would swim.
Tom didn't know that Mary would swim.
Tom didn't know Mary could swim.
Tom didn't know that Mary could swim.
Tom didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary could do that.
Tom has assured me that'll happen.
Tom has assured me that that'll happen.
Tom has assured me he'll do that.
Tom has assured me that he'll do that.
Tom has assured me he'll be there.
Tom has assured me that he'll be there.
Tom became lost.
I can't see what you're looking at.
Tom became wary.
I can't take any more of this cold.
Tom could be up.
I could certainly do better myself.
Tom ate the most.
I couldn't be happier being single.
Tom became bossy.
I couldn't have been more mistaken.
Tom became tense.
I couldn't seem to catch my breath.
Tom became tough.
I didn't conceal anything from you.
Tom comforted me.
I didn't know how to play the game.
Tom could be full.
I didn't know how to react to that.
Tom could be high.
I didn't take part in the marathon.
Tom defeated Mary.
I didn't take the threat seriously.
Tom broke the code.
I don't agree with this assessment.
Tom can fix things.
I don't have my medication with me.
Tom could be angry.
I don't have to take this from you.
Tom could be awake.
I don't like being told to do that.
Tom became annoying.
I don't like multiple choice exams.
Tom became outraged.
I don't like to talk about my work.
Tom became troubled.
I don't see any harm in doing that.
Tom became very fat.
I don't see what you're getting at.
Tom burned the cake.
I don't understand the world today.
Tom could be groggy.
I don't want the truth to come out.
Tom could be scared.
I don't want to give anything away.
Tom answered me back.
I don't want to live on the street.
Tom averted his eyes.
I excused myself and left the room.
Tom barely knew Mary.
I feel like it's my responsibility.
Tom became an artist.
I feel sorry for the guy that lost.
Tom became dangerous.
I find that I'm obliged to do that.
Tom became disgusted.
I gave the same answer I always do.
Tom became intrigued.
I got all dressed up for you today.
Tom became obstinate.
I got off with a slap on the wrist.
Tom bought rye bread.
I got out of cleaning the bathroom.
Tom brainwashed Mary.
I got to my feet and left the room.
Tom brought the cash.
I hate pretending to be interested.
Tom came out to play.
I have no objections to doing that.
Tom came with a gift.
I haven't been accused of anything.
Tom can rely on Mary.
I haven't read anything about that.
Tom collects weapons.
I looked cautiously over the cliff.
Tom could be annoyed.
I prefer working behind the scenes.
Tom could be curious.
I shouldn't have asked you to sing.
Tom could be excited.
I soon learned how to speak French.
Tom could be frantic.
I wasn't troubled by what happened.
Tom could be starved.
I won't do that anymore. I promise.
Tom could be thirsty.
I'd always said it was a long shot.
Tom definitely cried.
I'll be waiting with baited breath.
Tom did that for fun.
I'm a Canadian living in Australia.
Tom appeared agitated.
I'm frightened to death of spiders.
Tom can open any lock.
I'm going to teach you how to sing.
Tom changed overnight.
I'm not a fluent speaker of French.
Tom confessed to Mary.
I'm starting to miss my girlfriend.
Tom could be agitated.
I'm staying home from school today.
Tom could be famished.
I'm very confident in my abilities.
Tom could be hammered.
I'm very happy you weren't injured.
Tom could be insecure.
I've always had a big crush on you.
Tom did that your way.
I've been caught doing that before.
Tom answered Mary's ad.
I've got butterflies in my stomach.
Tom asked God for help.
I've just about had enough of this.
Tom asked me who cried.
I've learned how to cope with that.
Tom became an agnostic.
We didn't talk about it very often.
Tom became heartbroken.
We have to choose one or the other.
Tom became very hungry.
We knew that we had a real problem.
Tom called Mary stupid.
We need to figure out what's wrong.
Tom clearly loves Mary.
We want to go swimming in the lake.
Tom complained of pain.
We'd like to express our gratitude.
Tom could be available.
We're going to have his hands full.
Tom could be depressed.
We're going to have our hands full.
Tom could be desperate.
We're still waiting for the refund.
Tom could be disgusted.
We've lived like this for years.
Tom could be exhausted.
What do you know about this forest?
Tom could be horrified.
Where did you serve during the war?
Tom could be irritated.
Which movie interests you the most?
Tom could be suspended.
Who said anything about doing that?
Tom could be terrified.
Whose rooms are on the third floor?
Tom could make you cry.
Why don't you want to talk with us?
Tom could've been cold.
Would you rather be tossed in jail?
Tom could've been high.
Would you ride one of those things?
Tom did that all right.
You haven't seen my keys, have you?
Tom did that in secret.
You look like you're about to puke.
Tom didn't pay his way.
You look like you're ready to work.
Tom and Mary were happy.
You look like you're sophisticated.
Tom came looking for me.
You looked like you were delighted.
Tom came three days ago.
You looked like you were important.
Tom came up behind Mary.
You looked like you were paralyzed.
Tom can handle anything.
You looked like you were perplexed.
Tom can't lie very well.
You need money in order to do that.
Tom changed Mary's life.
You speak French very well, indeed.
Tom could be displeased.
You're not ready for this, are you?
Tom could make Mary cry.
I always do things the same old way.
Tom could've been alone.
I can't do just one thing at a time.
Tom could've been angry.
I can't imagine you ever doing that.
Tom could've been awake.
I can't seem to keep out of trouble.
Tom could've been bored.
I can't tell you how ashamed I felt.
Tom could've been drunk.
I could hardly wait for the weekend.
Tom could've been early.
I couldn't stop myself from singing.
Tom could've been upset.
I did that for no particular reason.
Tom couldn't have cried.
I did that perfectly the first time.
Tom denies that he lied.
I didn't calm down until much later.
Tom didn't divorce Mary.
I didn't have money to buy anything.
Tom arrived at work late.
I didn't have time to write it down.
Tom asked Mary on a date.
I didn't mean to take it out on you.
Tom asked me who laughed.
I didn't want the truth to come out.
Tom became violently ill.
I didn't want to discuss that topic.
Tom came into the office.
I don't know what's in store for me.
Tom can make this happen.
I don't like to go horseback riding.
Tom can speak French now.
I got up and moved towards the door.
Tom complained of nausea.
I had a hard time dealing with that.
Tom consented to do that.
I had every intention of doing that.
Tom contemplated suicide.
I haven't been taking my medication.
Tom could be discouraged.
I helped the police catch the thief.
Tom could be intoxicated.
I looked very closely at the insect.
Tom couldn't read French.
I must tell you something important.
Tom denied that he cried.
I really needed to do that with you.
Tom denies that he cried.
I went to Boston by plane last year.
Tom didn't make us laugh.
I went to school without doing that.
Tom didn't mean to laugh.
I would never agree to such a thing.
Tom answered with a smile.
I wouldn't go to Boston without you.
I'd rather go out than stay at home.
Tom came to check on Mary.
I'll be doing my teaching in French.
Tom choked on a fish bone.
I'll be very tired after doing that.
Tom chose to forgive Mary.
I'll just think about what happened.
Tom could make Mary laugh.
I'll let you get into the car first.
Tom could've been annoyed.
I'm afraid to do that in the winter.
Tom could've been jealous.
I'm already excited about next year.
Tom could've been sincere.
I'm always happy to help when I can.
Tom couldn't control Mary.
I'm comfortable where I am right now.
Tom didn't actually laugh.
I'm generally a pretty relaxed dude.
Tom is a medical examiner.
I'm hungry. I want to eat something.
Tom is afraid of that dog.
I'm looking forward to a good match.
Tom is certainly the best.
I'm looking forward to living there.
Tom is crazy about soccer.
I'm not concerned about my security.
Tom is feeling really low.
I'm not just sitting around waiting.
Tom is likely to be alive.
I'm not trying to antagonize anyone.
Tom is likely to be bossy.
I'm quite confident in my abilities.
Tom is likely to be livid.
I'm sorry to hear you feel that way.
Tom is likely to be tense.
I'm the only one who knows for sure.
Tom is likely to eat rice.
I've made my fair share of mistakes.
Tom is lost in the jungle.
We don't even really think about it.
Tom is mentally exhausted.
We have a great thing going on here.
Tom is moving out of town.
We have more questions than answers.
Tom is never going to cry.
We hear gunshots almost every night.
Tom is on the wrong track.
We just have to wait for our flight.
Tom is running out of air.
We need to go to where the kids are.
Tom is still following me.
We need to meet as soon as possible.
Tom is still serving time.
We were able to get the message out.
Tom is still too far away.
We were forced to stay with friends.
Tom is stuck here for now.
We're coming up against a wall here.
Tom isn't so sure of that.
We've got a lot of work ahead of us.
Tom isn't supposed to win.
Well, what do you say to doing that?
Tom isn't sure he can win.
What are some of your other hobbies?
Tom knows Mary left early.
When do you plan on getting married?
Tom left the band in 2013.
Who do you think knows you the best?
Tom likes chicken nuggets.
Would you like to go and see it now?
Tom lives not far from me.
You just had to do that, didn't you?
Tom might be the murderer.
You look like you're self-conscious.
Tom must've been barefoot.
You looked like you were mesmerized.
Tom must've been troubled.
You're really dedicated, aren't you?
Tom needs be hospitalized.
Do you believe there is an afterlife?
Tom never attended school.
I bought a week's worth of groceries.
Tom probably hasn't cried.
I can't describe how exciting it was.
Tom probably wouldn't win.
I couldn't contain myself any longer.
Tom rarely agrees with me.
I didn't dare express my own opinion.
Tom saw a fly on the wall.
I didn't notice that my fly was open.
Tom seemed to be doubtful.
I didn't stick around to see who won.
Tom seemed to be gullible.
I don't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom seemed to be harmless.
I don't like to talk about what I do.
Tom seemed to be inspired.
I don't like watching violent movies.
Tom seems to know who won.
I don't need to know where I'm going.
Tom should be cooperative.
I don't need to stay in the hospital.
Tom should be sympathetic.
I don't really believe that nonsense.
Tom never should've won.
I don't seem to be myself these days.
Tom should've walked away.
I got quite a few positive responses.
Tom stayed away from Mary.
I had both of my socks on inside out.
Tom stayed out of trouble.
I have every intention of doing that.
Tom still sometimes cries.
I have no recollection of doing that.
Tom took a taxi both ways.
I haven't been convicted of anything.
Tom used to be prejudiced.
I want the doctor to come right away.
Tom wanted to be punctual.
I went from Boston to Chicago by car.
Tom wants to be impartial.
I'd be very uncomfortable doing that.
Tom was brutally attacked.
I'm in a hurry to get this over with.
Tom was hired on the spot.
I've never been called stupid before.
Tom was just about to cry.
Well then, shall we do that together?
Tom was losing blood fast.
Were there any guards posted outside?
Tom was sent to death row.
What do you know about winter sports?
Tom was the one who cried.
What does the doctor want you to eat?
Tom was very manipulative.
What time's the next train to Boston?
Tom wasn't very depressed.
What's included in the special lunch?
Tom wasn't very impartial.
You can't really put a price on them.
Tom will likely be stoned.
You looked like you were overwhelmed.
Tom will likely be unhurt.
You might not want to sing right now.
Tom will never leave Mary.
You need to rest. Try to go to sleep.
Tom won't likely be timid.
You'd be fired if you didn't do that.
Tom works hard at his job.
You're parked in my spot, aren't you?
Tom works out of his home.
I can do both things at the same time.
Tom wouldn't let Mary win.
I didn't like not having enough money.
Tom wouldn't let you down.
I didn't realize I was scaring people.
Tom writes romance novels.
I don't care what kind of car I drive.
Tom wrote down the recipe.
I don't want anything to do with them.
Tom's hair has fallen out.
I got up and went into the other room.
Tom's palms became sweaty.
I had to shout at the top of my lungs.
Tom's story is believable.
I have no alternative other than this.
I haven't been charged with any crime.
Tom beamed from ear to ear.
I haven't being charged with anything.
Tom broke the news to Mary.
I haven't had a minute's rest all day.
Tom burst into the kitchen.
I know why you didn't need to do that.
Tom came at the usual time.
I know you probably needed to do that.
Tom can predict the future.
I let myself in through the back door.
Tom can tell Mary anything.
I want to have a little talk with you.
Tom could do that by phone.
I wasn't expecting anything different.
Tom denied that he laughed.
I'm not as innocent as you think I am.
Tom deserves the promotion.
I'm working hard to improve my French.
Tom did that for the money.
We found more than we ever dreamed of.
Tom did that in good faith.
We have the best teacher in the world.
Tom didn't come right back.
We just have to learn to live with it.
Tom didn't even want to go.
We need to figure out what went wrong.
Tom didn't know how I felt.
We no longer have the power to resist.
Tom didn't like my friends.
We now know what the ground rules are.
Tom didn't need comforting.
We still have something to strive for.
Tom doesn't know who cried.
We're trying a new approach this year.
Tom doesn't like to be hot.
We've carefully considered your offer.
Tom examined Mary's injury.
What do you think about me doing that?
Tom fell from the top bunk.
What time does the train reach Boston?
Tom felt his face grow hot.
What type of man are you attracted to?
Tom finally managed to win.
When will your train arrive in Boston?
Tom fired one shot at Mary.
Would you like to go out this weekend?
Tom gathered his composure.
You can find everything you need here.
Tom gave a speech in class.
You don't have to be naked to do that.
Tom had blood on his hands.
You're parked in my space, aren't you?
Tom had blood on his shirt.
You're wearing my pajamas, aren't you?
Tom had no way to get home.
I can't seem to get you out of my head.
Tom has a terrible stutter.
I can't wait to tell you about my trip.
Tom has an iron-clad alibi.
I did that much better the second time.
Tom has complicated things.
I didn't have much time for doing that.
Tom has difficulty reading.
I didn't know what I was talking about.
Tom has financial problems.
I don't believe in corporal punishment.
Tom has just gone on leave.
I don't believe these claims are valid.
Tom has no way to get home.
I don't deserve to be treated this way.
Tom has that under control.
I don't like talking about my feelings.
Tom hasn't yet kissed Mary.
I got up and walked out of the kitchen.
Tom headed to the bathroom.
I need something to cut this rope with.
Tom is a despicable person.
I never drink with people I don't know.
Tom is a successful writer.
I only sleep about three hours a night.
Tom is a swimming champion.
I plan to turn myself in to the police.
Tom is a very troubled kid.
I used the same excuse as you just did.
Tom is fighting to survive.
I won't do that now, because I'm tired.
Tom is in a tough position.
I work at the airport information desk.
Tom is likely to be groggy.
I'd definitely say it's nerve wracking.
Tom is likely to be shaken.
I'd put myself in a spot by doing that.
Tom is likely to be stoned.
I'll go with you as far as the station.
Tom is moving in next door.
I'm afraid that might be what it takes.
Tom is no longer in danger.
I'm getting a little bit desperate now.
Tom is now rotting in jail.
I'm waiting in front of the restaurant.
Tom is off to a good start.
I've forgotten where I put my passport.
Tom is on a rescue mission.
We're confident we're going to make it.
Tom is sloppy and careless.
What did you bring back from that trip?
Tom is trying to stop Mary.
What do you like to do when you go out?
Tom is very happy-go-lucky.
What do you value most in a friendship?
Tom isn't likely to be out.
What time does this train reach Boston?
Tom isn't the right choice.
What time will the train get to Boston?
Tom looks as if he's drunk.
Why are you so unfriendly all the time?
Tom looks like he's rested.
Would you like me to butter your toast?
Tom looks like he's unhurt.
You don't need to put your things away.
Tom might not despise Mary.
You look like you're going to pass out.
Tom might've been arrested.
You look like you're going to throw up.
Tom must've been disgusted.
You looked like you were flabbergasted.
Tom must've been intrigued.
You never know what somebody might say.
Tom must've been mortified.
You're not a very nice person, are you?
Tom needs to be reassigned.
You're not very well informed, are you?
Tom offered to pay my bill.
I applied for a job as a French teacher.
Tom probably won't survive.
I didn't know where the money came from.
Tom promised Mary he'd win.
I didn't know why my car wouldn't start.
Tom put a lock on the door.
I didn't notice that my zipper was open.
Tom ran outside half-naked.
I didn't take part in that conversation.
Tom saw Mary shoot at John.
I didn't try to find out what was wrong.
Tom searched for a way out.
I didn't want to have any more children.
Tom seemed to be ambitious.
I don't know how we're going to make it.
Tom seemed to be dedicated.
I don't know the first thing about cars.
Tom seemed to be delighted.
I don't understand a word you're saying.
Tom seemed to be in a coma.
I had my heart attack three summers ago.
Tom seemed to be insincere.
I wish I hadn't dyed my hair this color.
Tom seemed to be mortified.
I won't do that under any circumstances.
Tom seemed to be possessed.
I'll keep working on it in the meantime.
Tom seemed to be undecided.
I'm not under any obligation to do that.
Tom seems to be an officer.
We had expected a little more than that.
Tom set down his briefcase.
Which do you like better, rice or bread?
Tom should've been pleased.
You certainly are an interesting person.
Tom should've been psyched.
You definitely looked better last night.
Tom should've been puzzled.
You look like you could do with a drink.
Tom squirmed uncomfortably.
You look like you've had an inspiration.
Tom stepped out of the car.
I can't see you doing anything like that.
Tom took advantage of Mary.
I could get punished if I didn't do that.
Tom tried to be optimistic.
I don't like being told to clean my room.
Tom tried to be reasonable.
I don't like it when people say no to me.
Tom tried to make the team.
I don't like spending time in the garden.
Tom used to be competitive.
I don't like working the graveyard shift.
Tom used to be considerate.
I don't need to know who gave this to us.
Tom vanished into thin air.
I feel as though I'm on vacation already.
Tom wanted to believe Mary.
I got out of bed and turned on the light.
Tom wanted to get a mohawk.
I lowered my voice and continued talking.
Tom wants to be supportive.
I plan to send my kids to private school.
Tom was afraid to speak up.
I should have the results back in a week.
Tom was mean to Mary today.
I teach French to my friends once a week.
Tom was stranded somewhere.
I tried not to make any sudden movements.
Tom was the one that cried.
I waited by myself in front of the hotel.
Tom wasn't supposed to win.
I was supposed to have done that by 2:30.
Tom wasn't very particular.
I wasn't paying attention in class today.
Tom wasn't very remorseful.
I wasn't paying attention to the teacher.
Tom wasn't very successful.
I wish to speak to someone who does that.
Tom will be here with Mary.
I'm getting out of the hospital tomorrow.
Tom will be self-conscious.
I'm waiting for an answer to my question.
Tom will likely be annoyed.
We don't have sufficient working capital.
Tom will likely be excited.
We have plans to be in Boston all summer.
Tom will likely be frantic.
We just have to learn to live without it.
Tom will likely be present.
We need to find a way to get out of here.
Tom will likely be prudent.
What are you doing to achieve your goals?
Tom will likely be psyched.
What do you want your wedding to be like?
Tom will likely be puzzled.
What's going to happen is anyone's guess.
Tom will likely be sloshed.
Why didn't you ever tell anyone about it?
Tom will likely be starved.
Why didn't you wish to do that yesterday?
Tom will likely be stunned.
You have to do that, just like we all do.
Tom won't likely be biased.
You'll get sick if you do that like that.
Tom won't likely be stoned.
You're the last person I want to see now.
Tom won't likely be unfair.
I can't blame you for not wanting to come.
Tom worked as a dishwasher.
I can't quite picture you as a politician.
Tom worked hard to do that.
I don't have much time for volunteer work.
Tom would never have cried.
I don't know how to do that, but I'll try.
Tom wouldn't stop laughing.
I don't know what I've gotten myself into.
Tom wouldn't take my calls.
I don't like people who manipulate others.
Tom's business was booming.
I got out of my car and unlocked the gate.
Tom's death was accidental.
I got to where I couldn't do that anymore.
Tom's heart skipped a beat.
I had a near death experience last summer.
Tom's reputation is ruined.
I had a second helping of mashed potatoes.
Tom's testimony is crucial.
I have a vague recollection of doing that.
Tom and Mary want us to lie.
I know all the good places to eat in town.
Tom asked Mary to kill John.
I need something to open this bottle with.
Tom began to fear the worst.
I was unable to control myself any longer.
Tom came out of the shadows.
I'd like to make a collect call to Boston.
Tom can be a pain sometimes.
I'll be eternally grateful if you do that.
Tom can foretell the future.
I'm afraid of water and I don't swim well.
Tom can't hurt Mary anymore.
I'm excited at the prospect of doing that.
Tom can't live without Mary.
I'm glad they're finally paying attention.
Tom climbed up the mountain.
I'm going to turn myself in to the police.
Tom commanded me to do that.
I'm having trouble keeping up with things.
Tom considers Mary a friend.
I'm interested in getting a hat like this.
Tom could no longer breathe.
I'm still recovering from a gunshot wound.
Tom could've been depressed.
I'm very proud to be part of this project.
Tom could've been desperate.
I've never been in a serious relationship.
Tom could've been horrified.
I've never used any prohibited substances.
Tom could've been incorrect.
We always have a good time in the morning.
Tom decided not to go alone.
We must do something to stop this madness.
Tom decided not to go there.
We spent three months fixing the place up.
Tom did a pretty decent job.
We'll have to come up with something else.
Tom didn't tell Mary to lie.
We're all different in one way or another.
Tom didn't want you to sing.
We're going to have to work twice as hard.
Tom died from heart disease.
What time does the train arrive at Boston?
Tom disappeared last Monday.
What time will the train arrive in Boston?
What's the best place you've ever visited?
Which do you like more, skiing or skating?
Which one of your children didn't do that?
Tom doesn't smoke marijuana.
Why do you want to leave your present job?
Tom felt completely trapped.
Would you stop loving me if I become ugly?
Tom flashed a smile at Mary.
Wouldn't it be rude if you didn't do that?
Tom had to leave Mary there.
You don't even know what you mean, do you?
Tom has a supportive family.
You don't know who didn't do that, do you?
Tom has been following Mary.
You look like a deer caught in headlights.
Tom has gone completely mad.
You're always dissatisfied with something.
Tom hit Mary with his truck.
You're getting the hang of it, aren't you?
Tom is a convicted arsonist.
You're good at making friends, aren't you?
Tom is acting like a madman.
You're running out of options, aren't you?
Tom is an authority on this.
I did that out of the goodness of my heart.
Tom is coming to the rescue.
I don't get to my office until nine-thirty.
Tom is expected to die soon.
I don't have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom is going to take a look.
I don't want to be the center of attention.
Tom is hoping to avoid that.
I got seriously hurt in a traffic accident.
Tom is likely to be frantic.
I have a good understanding of the problem.
Tom is likely to be neutral.
I looked at myself in the rear-view mirror.
Tom is likely to be prudent.
I was hungry and so I went to a restaurant.
Tom is likely to be psyched.
I wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
Tom is likely to be sloshed.
I'd do that if I had more time on my hands.
Tom is likely to be stunned.
I'd like to get this prescription refilled.
Tom is looking out for Mary.
I'm apparently in the same boat as you are.
Tom is out of the woods now.
I'm not the same man I was three years ago.
Tom is responsible for Mary.
I've applied for a job as a French teacher.
Tom is serious about it now.
We should never mix politics with religion.
Tom is somewhat mischievous.
We'll be waiting for you when you get back.
Tom is the person who cried.
We've given them a week to vacate the area.
Tom is totally cool with it.
What flavors of ice cream do you recommend?
Tom isn't as rested as I am.
What time does the train for Boston depart?
Tom isn't going to back off.
What time does this train arrive at Boston?
Tom isn't likely to be dead.
Which is the platform for the Boston train?
Tom isn't likely to be fair.
You did that against your will, didn't you?
Tom knows who the killer is.
You don't have to worry. I'll do it myself.
Tom knows why Mary is lying.
You think I'd refuse to do that, don't you?
Tom looked like he was glad.
You won't be able to get out of doing that.
Tom looked like he was lost.
I could really go for a hamburger right now.
Tom looks like he's anxious.
I couldn't bring myself to pull the trigger.
Tom looks like he's frantic.
I definitely want to know what's in my food.
Tom looks like he's relaxed.
I did that in spite of all the difficulties.
Tom might've studied French.
I don't expect there to be any major issues.
Tom offered Mary a sandwich.
I don't feel comfortable talking about that.
Tom played well last season.
I don't have the will power to quit smoking.
Tom prepared himself to die.
I don't like being asked to give to charity.
Tom returned one hour later.
I got out of the water and dried myself off.
Tom said that concerned him.
I had some guests come and couldn't do that.
Tom seemed really out of it.
I have some decisions to make about college.
Tom seemed relatively happy.
I looked at what was on the computer screen.
Tom seemed to be aggressive.
I wonder if I can still take care of myself.
Tom seemed to be all thumbs.
I'd like to study this topic in more detail.
Tom seemed to be illiterate.
I'm talking to the French teacher right now.
Tom seemed to be in a slump.
We put on a good show for everyone, I think.
Tom seemed to be indecisive.
We'd much rather be proactive than reactive.
Tom seemed to be infuriated.
What do you like to do together as a family?
Tom seemed to be nonplussed.
When the teacher entered, everyone stood up.
Tom seemed to be persistent.
You'll be amazed at the difference it makes.
Tom seemed to be prejudiced.
You'll stay and have tea with me, won't you?
Tom seemed to be reasonable.
You're taking a lot for granted, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be respectful.
I can't read any menu not written in English.
Tom should've been offended.
I don't have enough time to get the job done.
Tom should've been thrilled.
I don't know what the homework assignment is.
Tom stepped out of the room.
I really want to do that, if at all possible.
Tom stole something from me.
I should've read the contract more carefully.
Tom turned his back on Mary.
I want to live in the country after I retire.
Tom wanted to be supportive.
I wonder if I can really take care of myself.
Tom was afraid for his life.
I'll have to think some more before deciding.
Tom was blackmailed by Mary.
I'm not completely happy with the settlement.
Tom was mugged by three men.
I've already asked the police for protection.
Tom was sensible about that.
We decided to start the day with a boat trip.
Tom wasn't buried with Mary.
We don't have white roses, only red and pink.
Tom wasn't even a contender.
We invite you to come visit us in the summer.
Tom wasn't even in the race.
We need to find someone who's more qualified.
Tom wasn't having much luck.
We'll see how things go in the weeks to come.
Tom wasn't very discouraged.
We'll talk about that at the end of the week.
Tom wasn't very imaginative.
What's one of the most useful things you own?
Tom will be buried tomorrow.
When was the last time you had a dizzy spell?
Tom will likely be agitated.
You know they won't allow you to sing, right?
Tom will likely be annoying.
You think I'm finished doing that, don't you?
Tom will likely be famished.
I did that much better the second time around.
Tom will likely be forgiven.
I didn't deny that I was the one who did that.
Tom will likely be generous.
I don't like to talk about this kind of thing.
Tom will likely be grateful.
I got to the airport just in the nick of time.
Tom will likely be obedient.
I had my finger on the trigger, ready to fire.
Tom will likely be offended.
I haven't been to either of those restaurants.
Tom won't likely be stunned.
I hope to get away from Boston for a few days.
Tom works on Monday as well.
I live in Boston now, but I come from Chicago.
Tom wouldn't stop screaming.
I want to do that, but I don't have any money.
Tom writes very beautifully.
I want to have nothing further to do with you.
Tom's alibi seemed airtight.
I wasn't completely happy with the settlement.
Tom's band is back together.
I wasn't the first person the police arrested.
Tom's dog found a dead body.
I'd like to buy a round-trip ticket to Boston.
Tom's voice filled the room.
I'm wearing the same clothes I wore yesterday.
Tom answered me with a smile.
I've certainly made my fair share of mistakes.
We aim to complete the project by next spring.
Tom asked God to protect him.
When I grow up, I want to be exactly like you.
Tom borrowed a gun from Mary.
Where is somewhere you like to go to have fun?
Tom clearly hasn't done that.
Which is the platform for the train to Boston?
Tom climbed over the railing.
You think I'm desperate to do that, don't you?
Tom completely lost his mind.
You're a better swimmer than I am, aren't you?
Tom could be unfazed by that.
I can explain this in detail if you want me to.
Tom could've been devastated.
I couldn't remember where I'd left my umbrella.
Tom could've been distracted.
I didn't have enough money to pay for the meal.
Tom could've been downstairs.
I didn't realize where the money had come from.
Tom could've been frustrated.
I don't like being told I'm not old enough yet.
Tom desperately needed money.
I don't like having to admit that I can't read.
Tom did that for his country.
I don't like stories that have unhappy endings.
Tom didn't come to the dance.
I got out of bed this morning later than usual.
Tom didn't expect to be busy.
I got to my feet and walked over to the window.
Tom didn't pick up the phone.
I haven't been doing that as often as I should.
Tom didn't seem to be stoned.
I was about to be kissed, but I didn't know it.
Tom didn't seem very focused.
I was thinking I'd get a scholarship somewhere.
Tom didn't want to let it go.
I'm not very good at reading between the lines.
Tom died alone in the desert.
I'm sure you're going to have a wonderful time.
Tom died alone on the island.
I'm trying to remember where I put my passport.
Tom drove off into the night.
That incident had a profound effect on my life.
Tom enjoys being a celebrity.
We don't have time to conduct a detailed study.
Tom eventually divorced Mary.
What are your three most treasured possessions?
Tom expects to win the prize.
When did you first become interested in sports?
Tom felt like he could do it.
Who are the most important people in your life?
Tom fired a couple of rounds.
You weren't interested in doing that, were you?
Tom glanced down at his feet.
I didn't know whether to be amused or horrified.
Tom got extremely aggressive.
I don't let my daughter go out even on weekends.
Tom had a book under his arm.
I got on the bus and the driver closed the door.
Tom has a business in Boston.
I had a perfectly good reason for leaving early.
Tom has a family to consider.
I sometimes find it hard to express my feelings.
Tom has a pretty solid alibi.
I was about to be injured, but I didn't know it.
Tom has come to make trouble.
I was lucky that I got treated by a good doctor.
Tom has good reason to worry.
I was lucky that I was treated by a good doctor.
Tom has had a difficult life.
I wasn't telling the truth about where I'd been.
Tom has it all under control.
I'd like to find a reasonably-priced restaurant.
Tom has never broken the law.
I'm disappointed, but I'm not going to complain.
Tom has serious anger issues.
I'm going to see the sights of Boston next week.
Tom hit Mary with both fists.
I'm wearing the same clothes as I was yesterday.
Tom hurried back to his room.
We don't have the time to examine all this data.
Tom is a captivating speaker.
What are some of the most useful things you own?
Tom is a former fire fighter.
Will you swear to be my friend forever and ever?
Tom is almost done for today.
You look like someone who's used to being alone.
Tom is always up for a party.
You'd better give yourself an hour to get there.
Tom is determined to push on.
You've got someone in there with you, don't you?
Tom is getting into position.
I didn't have a choice in the matter, but you do.
Tom is going dancing tonight.
I didn't know how to express my thanks in French.
Tom is holding all the cards.
I don't understand why you don't need to do that.
Tom is likely to be famished.
I got out of bed this morning earlier than usual.
Tom is likely to be generous.
I had a very difficult time making friends there.
Tom is likely to be hammered.
I haven't been to the supermarket in a long time.
Tom is likely to be offended.
I haven't even started studying for the exam yet.
Tom is likely to be outraged.
I never expected things would turn out like this.
Tom is likely to be thrilled.
I want to do that, but I don't have enough money.
Tom is likely to be ticklish.
I'd like some information about hotels in Boston.
Tom is likely to be troubled.
I'd rather stay late than come in early tomorrow.
Tom is likely to get charged.
We want to be able to give back to the community.
Tom is likely to still be OK.
What are some wedding traditions in your country?
Tom is living a charmed life.
Do you think long distance relationships can work?
Tom is looking for adventure.
I definitely have enough time to get the job done.
Tom is still getting settled.
I don't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Tom is watching the Olympics.
I half-expected to hear someone burst out singing.
Tom is writing a long letter.
I know you probably needed to do that by yourself.
Tom isn't a credible witness.
Unavoidable circumstances kept me from doing that.
Tom isn't as popular as I am.
You're way more experienced than I am, aren't you?
Tom isn't going to risk that.
I went to the Halloween party dressed as a vampire.
Tom isn't likely to be right.
I'd like to do that, but I don't have enough money.
Tom isn't one of our coaches.
I'll go to Boston to visit my family for Christmas.
Tom isn't the one that cried.
I've heard some very interesting stories about you.
Tom jerked the curtains open.
If you could have three wishes, what would they be?
Tom looked like he was stuck.
Unfortunately, I found the experience unsatisfying.
Tom looks like he's occupied.
We just rolled up our sleeves and started doing it.
Tom may have to teach French.
We were surrounded by journalists with microphones.
Tom might know why Mary lied.
What equipment do you need for your favorite sport?
Tom offered his beer to Mary.
What would you like to change in your daily routine?
Tom offered to give me money.
What's the best career advice you've ever received?
Tom played with his children.
You don't seem to have the energy to do that again.
Tom ran over to Mary's house.
You don't seem to have the guts to do that anymore.
Tom sat with his arms folded.
Do you believe long distance relationships can work?
Tom scored only three points.
I got out of the pool and dried myself with a towel.
Tom seemed attracted to Mary.
I haven't been able to go to school for three weeks.
Tom seemed mildly interested.
I haven't bought a new pair of shoes in three years.
Tom seemed reasonable enough.
I heard the shots and ran in the opposite direction.
Tom seemed to be adventurous.
What time does the next train going to Boston leave?
Tom seemed to be downhearted.
Why did you decide to do the work you are doing now?
Tom seemed to be dumbfounded.
You're the only one who can help us now, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be influential.
You're the only one who passed the test, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be pretty nice.
You're too young to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom seemed to be really nice.
I did that with as much enthusiasm as I could muster.
Tom seemed to be unambitious.
I didn't realize how unique that was until I grew up.
Tom seems to be eager to win.
I've always been more interested in science than art.
Tom should've been horrified.
We'll do whatever it takes to finish the job on time.
Tom should've been miserable.
You're big enough to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom stood still and listened.
You're too young to go there by yourself, aren't you?
Tom stormed out of the house.
I don't like it when people park in front of my house.
Tom straightened up his room.
I've requested an explanation and I hope I'll get one.
Tom struggled to stay afloat.
We weren't all born with a silver spoon in our mouths.
Tom told Mary about his past.
Which famous person would you like to be friends with?
Tom took Mary under his wing.
You weren't convinced that I had to do that, were you?
Tom used to do that as a kid.
I always try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
Tom was the leader of a gang.
I got up and went to the refrigerator for another beer.
Tom was tried for carjacking.
I recently went back to the small town where I grew up.
Tom wasn't alone in the room.
I woke up feeling that someone was in the room with me.
Tom will be assisted by Mary.
I've requested an explanation and I think I'll get one.
Tom will likely be available.
Unavoidable circumstances prevented me from doing that.
Tom will likely be depressed.
Were you afraid the first time you were on an airplane?
Tom will likely be desperate.
What do you think the hardest thing about parenting is?
Tom will likely be disgusted.
You mean to say that doing that isn't a serious matter?
Tom will likely be horrified.
I could do nothing but stand there, paralyzed with fear.
Tom will likely be irritated.
I didn't like being separated from my wife and children.
Tom will likely be miserable.
I don't like people who don't take their jobs seriously.
Tom will likely be objective.
I have a sore throat. I don't know if I can sing or not.
Tom will likely be organized.
I'm still doing the same thing I was doing this morning.
Tom will never laugh at that.
I'm the person responsible for everything that happened.
Tom will probably be prudent.
If you could have three wishes, what would you wish for?
Tom won't likely be mistaken.
Where do you usually go when you have time off?
Tom won't likely be obedient.
You're not supposed to wear lipstick at school, are you?
Tom won't likely be offended.
I didn't know how much money I'd need for a down payment.
Tom won't likely be unbiased.
I don't like it when people cuss in front of my children.
Tom wouldn't do that himself.
I had some interesting experiences while I was traveling.
Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I looked at the painting on the wall above the fireplace.
Tom wouldn't know what to do.
What did you think you were going to be when you grew up?
Tom's appeal has been denied.
You wouldn't be surprised if I didn't do that, would you?
Tom's life was very ordinary.
I don't like being cooped up in my small office every day.
Tom's whole demeanor changed.
I feel fine this morning, but I was very tired last night.
Tom apologized for everything.
I got on the elevator and pressed the button for my floor.
Tom arrived at Mary's at 2:30.
You're better at remembering things than I am, aren't you?
Tom asked Mary to lie for him.
What's the longest relationship you've had before this one?
Tom became a different person.
I can't remember exactly how old I was when I first met you.
Tom became fascinated by that.
I confess that I don't understand what you're talking about.
Tom bought a gun to kill Mary.
I make it a rule to do that for about three hours every day.
Tom can probably teach French.
I could order you to do that, but I'd rather you volunteered.
Tom can't teach French either.
I didn't have much time so I just quickly scanned the report.
Tom cares for his sick mother.
I got out from behind my desk and went over to open a window.
Tom chose not to speak French.
I was kind of hoping we could just pick up where we left off.
Tom concocted the whole story.
I've requested an explanation and I'm confident I'll get one.
Tom could be kissing Mary now.
What would you consider your most significant accomplishment?
Tom could've been overwhelmed.
You're already big enough to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom could've been unconscious.
You're already old enough to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom deserves whatever he gets.
You're not supposed to ask those kinds of questions, are you?
Tom did that out of curiosity.
You're not supposed to go hunting without a license, are you?
Tom did that when he was here.
You're not telling me anything I don't already know, are you?
Tom didn't seem to be curious.
I'm sorry to call you so late, but I need to ask you something.
Tom didn't seem to be relaxed.
What could you possibly do to me that you haven't done already?
Tom didn't seem to be shocked.
I didn't want to get involved in the fight, but I had no choice.
Tom didn't seem to be wealthy.
I'm going to leave you for a little while now if you'll excuse me.
Tom does look like a nice boy.
Is there anything you've done that you can't forgive yourself for?
Tom doesn't expect to be busy.
We just want to make sure the rights of our citizens are protected.
Tom doesn't like to be pitied.
I have enough problems of my own without having to worry about yours.
Tom doesn't like to be scared.
We might do that this afternoon, so let's eat lunch earlier than usual.
Tom doesn't seem to be stoned.
You may either do that or not do that depending on what you want to do.
Tom doesn't seem very focused.
I never would've lied about that if I'd known how much it would hurt you.
Tom doesn't want to die alone.
I got out of bed, walked over to the window and looked out at the sunrise.
Tom doesn't want to let it go.
I had hoped to have finished writing this report by the time you got here.
Tom earns a six-figure salary.
I don't like it when people invade my personal space by standing too close to me.
Tom expressed his condolences.
I don't like being around children because I've always afraid of catching a cold from one of them.
Tom is taller than you, isn't he?
I mean to do that tomorrow.
Good evening, Tom.
I wish I'd listened to you.
Tom collects guns.
I'd really rather not sing.
Does Tom like beer?
I'm legally deaf and blind.
Tom is writing a novel, isn't he?
It's a different situation.
I saw you hugging Tom.
It's been very interesting.
Tom gave me a lift.
It's nothing extraordinary.
I think Tom will stay.
It's pretty cost-effective.
Tom is a French teacher, isn't he?
Only one student showed up.
I want you to hug Tom.
Tell me how your date went.
Tom has a bad knee.
That never happened before.
I want to scream at Tom.
That's extremely important.
Tom is a bad role model, isn't he?
The cookies were good, too.
I want to see Tom happy.
There's trouble everywhere.
Tom started a fire.
Yours was better than mine.
I didn't need Tom's help.
I can see that you're upset.
Tom is a bit of a loner, isn't he?
I did that without thinking.
I'm not going to hug Tom.
I didn't know you'd be late.
Tom collects swords.
I was a nerd in high school.
We'll miss Tom in Boston.
I'll meet you there at 2:30.
Tom is a bit of a rebel, isn't he?
I'm definitely against that.
Which way was Tom headed?
It's kind of spooky in here.
Tom has broken even.
It's really rude to do that.
Find out why Tom is upset.
Registration isn't required.
Tom is a bit overweight, isn't he?
That's all that's important.
Hopefully, Tom knows that.
That's something I can't do.
Tom is bad at lying.
That's why I didn't do that.
I'm glad Tom wasn't fired.
There's no hurry to do that.
Tom is a bright student, isn't he?
You should sing by yourself.
I'm sure Tom will be back.
I usually swim in the summer.
Tom is bound to cry.
I wanted to go into politics.
If Tom can wait, so can I.
I'm just about finished here.
Tom is a careful driver, isn't he?
I'm training for a triathlon.
Is Tom officially retired?
If that happens, let me know.
Tom is scared of me.
It was definitely surprising.
Obviously, Tom has talent.
Participation isn't required.
Tom is a coffee drinker, isn't he?
People are drinking too much.
That's all Tom said to me.
Registration isn't necessary.
Tom might be crying.
That was what I thought, too.
That's what Tom had to do.
You should keep that in mind.
Tom is a divorce lawyer, isn't he?
You've been doing that wrong.
That's what Tom has to do.
Doing that won't be necessary.
Tom apologized to us.
I arrived in Boston on Monday.
That's why Tom is winning.
I get along with my neighbors.
Tom is a fantastic cook, isn't he?
I hope we can keep doing this.
The fact is Tom was lucky.
I'll give you what help I can.
Tom is on guard duty.
I'm going to head on up to bed.
This is where Tom belongs.
I'm not sure what I did wrong.
Tom is a gifted painter, isn't he?
If you need any help, call me.
Eventually Tom fell asleep.
Obviously, that didn't happen.
Tom probably laughed.
Participation isn't mandatory.
Has Tom officially retired?
That question always comes up.
Tom is a gifted pianist, isn't he?
That's something I have to do.
I could tell Tom was upset.
That's something I need to do.
Tom decided to escape.
That's something I want to do.
I've been worried about you all day.
I've been worrying about you.
Tom never learned how to read or write.
Tom was the victim of identity theft.
I'd like to work in Australia.
Tom went to Australia hoping to find work.
"Where would you like to work?" "In Australia."
Tom said he wanted to move to Australia.
When was the last time you were in Australia?
How many times have you visited Australia?
Is it true that Tom moved to Australia?
Tom said that he wanted to move to Australia.
Tom told me that he met Mary in Australia.
Tom told me he met Mary in Australia.
Where would you like to go next summer?
Where would you like to go for your next vacation?
Where would you like to go during your next vacation?
How often do you read books in French?
How often do you read French books?
How often do you read books written in French?
When was the last time you read a book in French?
Japanese sumo wrestlers eat a stew called Chankonabe to gain fat and muscle.
Everybody laughed, Tom loudest of all.
"These lands, 'tis said, one continent of yore / (such change can ages work) an earthquake tore / asunder; in with havoc rushed the main, / and far Sicilia from Hesperia bore, / and now, where leapt the parted land in twain, / the narrow tide pours through, 'twixt severed town and plain."
Tom stayed home on Tuesday to watch a Viking documentary.
I didn't notice this.
Tom, a true Viking, robbed the convenience store of $dollars. His brother John, a lawyer, stole $million from a charity.
Tom threw John off the mat.
Tom became a sumo wrestler.
Tom often praises Mary.
The teacher often praises the student.
Toms appetite is irrepressible.
After eating an entire bag of potato chips, Tom felt little remorse.
I love no one more than you.
The teacher often praises Tom, but rarely praises Mary, although she is a good student.
Bacteria, not humans, rule this planet.
The teacher rarely praises the student.
Tom rarely praises Mary.
Tom wrote the whole sentence correctly.
Tom worried that warfare was really a form of eugenics secretly agreed upon by opposing rulers.
How many daughters do you want to have?
Mary wants to have a son.
Tom wants to have a daughter.
How many sons do you want to have?
Why do you fear me?
Mary wants to have another son.
Tom wants to have another daughter.
Mary wants to have another child.
Mary wants to have a second child.
The letters Y and Z are very rare in Latin.
The Greek language is difficult.
Where were you at that time?
Which books did Julius Caesar write?
Tom needs food.
Rome is not far away.
I use many things.
Don't fear them.
I used many things.
What's the reason for the fight?
Tell me how many there are.
Don't fear life.
Don't fear the love.
The women should not see it.
"Here Scylla, leftward sits Charybdis fell, / who, yawning thrice, her lowest depths laid bare, / sucks the vast billows in her throat's dark hell, / then starward spouts the refluent surge in air."
Labour created man.
Am I scary?
They're afraid of you, because they don't know you.
"Here Scylla, gaping from her gloomy lair, / the passing vessels on the rocks doth hale."
What do you expect from me?
What role does money play for you?
If you get to know her, you'll surely like her.
There is no need to get excited; to be indignant would suffice.
Tom looks older than his age.
Tom looks younger than his age.
What frequency is Tatoeba FM on?
What frequency does Tatoeba Radio broadcast on?
What is the frequency for Tatoeba Radio in Boston?
Tom changed the station hoping to find something relaxing.
"A maiden to the waist, with bosom fair / and human face; below, a monstrous whale, / down from whose wolf-like womb hangs many a dolphin's tail."
"Don't be afraid of me, children. I'm just ugly, but not evil", said the beggar.
I'm about to have dinner.
Anything that does not kill us makes us stronger.
Anything that doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
They like Tom.
Think hard.
The news is on.
They told Tom.
This is French.
Tom is a cannibal.
This will hurt.
There Tom goes.
They're imbeciles.
That's regrettable.
They'll bring Tom.
This could be true.
The sky became dark.
That's the Tom I know.
There's nothing new.
Tom and Mary are spies.
Those aren't common.
The text was from Tom.
That's heartbreaking.
That's simple enough.
That's quite true, Tom.
That's too important.
Tom and Mary are freaks.
That's very accurate.
The guards grabbed Tom.
The room is spinning.
Tom and Mary are insane.
The rumor seems true.
There's no way Tom lied.
They're both winners.
Tom and Mary are loaded.
They're cheering now.
The police locked Tom up.
This is my first car.
Tom and Mary are losers.
This seems important.
Things were hard for Tom.
The boys came running.
Tom and Mary are losing.
They wouldn't help us.
This is how Tom did that.
Three guests may come.
Tom and Mary are pilots.
That's the big problem.
That's what Tom was doing.
That's the bottom line.
Tom and Mary are in town.
They'd better be right.
This is how Tom does that.
This isn't sustainable.
That wasn't intentional.
This room smells like Tom.
That's very frustrating.
Tom and Mary are geniuses.
This place smells like Tom.
There were similarities.
Tom and Mary are grounded.
There's wood everywhere.
This will cost Tom his job.
They're doing their job.
Tom and Mary are gullible.
The ball's in your court.
A policeman pulled Tom over.
The door has been closed.
Tom and Mary are hammered.
The other boys snickered.
That's why Tom is who he is.
The trip was a nightmare.
Tom and Mary are harmless.
There's a big difference.
The jury didn't believe Tom.
There's plenty available.
Tom and Mary are helpless.
They should be respected.
The police tracked Tom down.
They're pretty dedicated.
Tom and Mary are hopeless.
They're very good to eat.
There's no way Tom will cry.
Things have quieted down.
Tom and Mary are horrible.
This conflict isn't over.
This is Tom's responsibility.
This isn't unprecedented.
Tom and Mary are immature.
This week I worked a lot.
That's why Tom and I are busy.
That's pretty spectacular.
Tom and Mary are infected.
That's what the kids like.
That's why Tom and I are late.
The windows are fogged up.
Tom and Mary are obedient.
They get well-compensated.
The check was made out to Tom.
Things are going well now.
Tom and Mary are offended.
This is a load of rubbish.
The gun was registered to Tom.
This is a no-smoking area.
Tom and Mary are outraged.
That's our biggest problem.
The policeman pulled Tom over.
That's what made it so fun.
Tom and Mary are terrible.
The door was slightly ajar.
This check is made out to Tom.
The rumor isn't groundless.
Tom and Mary are thorough.
The truth finally came out.
That's what I think drives Tom.
There is safety in numbers.
Tom and Mary are unbiased.
There was a learning curve.
The next morning, Tom was dead.
They weren't well-educated.
Tom and Mary despise John.
They're part of the family.
The owner of this house is Tom.
This is the way to do that.
Tom and Mary are cannibals.
This train will leave soon.
The room wasn't cleaned by Tom.
That's what I heard in town.
Tom and Mary are comedians.
There are ghosts everywhere.
There's no one as Irish as Tom.
There's violence everywhere.
Tom and Mary are committed.
These accusations are false.
They wouldn't say how Tom died.
This obviously concerns you.
Tom and Mary are contented.
This seems better than that.
This doesn't look good for Tom.
This will serve the purpose.
Tom and Mary are criminals.
That's one thing I'm sure of.
This time Tom and I are paying.
The crowd is still screaming.
Tom and Mary are free to go.
The room is starting to spin.
That's what Tom and I are doing.
The snow began to fall again.
Tom and Mary aren't kidding.
They must've seen you coming.
The prize won't be given to Tom.
That name doesn't ring a bell.
Tom and Mary say John cried.
That's the reason I confessed.
The police are interrogating Tom.
The aisle seats are all taken.
Tom is being very proactive.
The new owner has other plans.
The police confirmed Tom's alibi.
The real work begins tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are interfering.
These are very powerful drugs.
Theoretically, Tom could do that.
These kids are self-motivated.
Tom and Mary are still at it.
They didn't make it, did they?
There was no smile on Tom's face.
They might be on to something.
Tom and Mary had another boy.
This cost me an arm and a leg.
There's no hope Tom will do that.
This department store is neat.
Tom and Mary returned safely.
This is certainly interesting.
The doctor gave Tom some morphine.
This means a great deal to me.
Tom is completely against it.
This newspaper is widely read.
There's no getting along with Tom.
That's the way I handle things.
Tom and Mary are here to help.
That's what you guys do, right?
That's the amazing thing about Tom.
The question is do you want it.
Tom and Mary are pretty tight.
The real estate bubble is over.
That's what Tom's capable of doing.
The rule was correctly applied.
Tom and Mary are raking it in.
The visitors really enjoyed it.
The other day, I met Tom in Boston.
Their struggle is our struggle.
Tom and Mary are too far away.
There were a lot of terrorists.
There's no doubt about Tom's guilt.
These accidents keep happening.
Tom and Mary aren't buying it.
They aren't going to let us go.
There's no messing around with Tom.
They were never favored to win.
Tom and Mary have parted ways.
This is no place for you to be.
There's no place Tom could've gone.
The performance was outstanding.
Tom and Mary soon got married.
The world is now a better place.
There's nothing I can do about Tom.
There's nothing they don't need.
Tom fired three shots at Mary.
There's still blood on the wall.
There's nothing Tom can change now.
They're sick of hearing from me.
Tom glanced at the door again.
This is an unfortunate incident.
They wouldn't tell me how Tom died.
This is what I'm pretty good at.
Tom had a traumatic childhood.
This medicine is good for colds.
The jury found Tom guilty of murder.
That was truly a tragic accident.
Tom has a successful business.
That's the way I'm looking at it.
The question is how did Tom do that.
The children were bored to death.
Tom has a tendency to be late.
The numbers speak for themselves.
There's Tom coming through the yard.
The rumor seems to be groundless.
Tom has already cooked dinner.
Their expectations are very high.
That's what Tom and I are hoping for.
There's no telling who might win.
Tom has been making an effort.
They were buried in a mass grave.
That's what Tom and I were afraid of.
This has been a long time coming.
Tom has never been threatened.
That's what we should say to them.
That's what we talked about with Tom.
The noise kept us awake all night.
Tom has never done that again.
The only idiot around here is you.
That's why Tom and I are still alive.
That's the only way to describe it.
Tom has no right to interfere.
That's what I've been dealing with.
The judge threw out Tom's confession.
The fire went out during the night.
Tom has really let himself go.
The medicine didn't do us any good.
The police searched the city for Tom.
The situation is really a disaster.
Tom hastened back to his room.
The whole process will take months.
The trauma surgeons saved Tom's life.
This building was formerly a hotel.
Tom hurried across the street.
That dog answers to the name Cookie.
Theoretically, Tom could pull it off.
Tom is a good guy to work for.
There's nothing the matter with you.
There was no sign of Tom at the lake.
This is our chance to say thank you.
Tom is a professional fighter.
This is the first I'm hearing of it.
That's what Tom and I are counting on.
This is way beyond our expectations.
Tom is a wonderful stepfather.
The more I do that, the happier I am.
That's what Tom and I are looking for.
The more you work, the more you earn.
Tom is an exceptional teacher.
They talked about what troubled them.
That's what Tom and I are praying for.
Things were happening pretty quickly.
Tom is an expert in his field.
That's the kind of competition I like.
That's why Tom and I are disappointed.
The biggest problem we have is supply.
Tom is an independent thinker.
The first thing to do is get involved.
The jury acquitted Tom of all charges.
There are plenty more fish in the sea.
Tom is at police headquarters.
These are relatively expensive stocks.
There's a phone call for you from Tom.
This house is convenient for shopping.
The wind is blowing from the northeast.
That's what Tom and I are fighting for.
There are definitely a lot of unknowns.
Tom is chip off the old block.
They can come here with their children.
The chopper rushed Tom to the hospital.
They have a lot going on at the moment.
Tom is eligible for probation.
Things haven't changed much since then.
The evidence doesn't match Tom's story.
That's the pot calling the kettle black.
Tom is flirting with disaster.
The allegations are serious and unusual.
The paramedic brought Tom back to life.
The plane arrived at Boston on schedule.
Tom is glad it all worked out.
The police searched the area with a dog.
There was no hard evidence against Tom.
The way I see it, we have three choices.
Tom is going to adapt quickly.
There really isn't very much you can do.
Things were falling into place for Tom.
They'll probably sweep it under the rug.
Tom is going to have some fun.
That's when I started getting suspicious.
This poem is attributed to Tom Jackson.
There are many places to visit in Boston.
Tom is going to sing for free.
There are surprisingly many things to do.
Three days later, Tom's body was found.
They were asking a lot of good questions.
Tom is going to sing later on.
They're not going to make it easy for us.
The police searched Tom's school locker.
This car is probably expensive, isn't it?
Tom is going to study with us.
That's what I've been mainly dealing with.
The policeman let Tom go with a warning.
The bus service in this area is very good.
Tom is just a phone call away.
The second year is always a critical year.
The proof Tom provided was unconvincing.
There are a lot of potential combinations.
Tom is just not that into you.
There's no sense in me stressing about it.
There's no doubt that Tom didn't do that.
There's nothing to prevent you from going.
Tom is kissing Mary right now.
The flower shop is right across the street.
That's the car Tom and I are going to buy.
There are some talented kids in that group.
Tom is likely to be available.
These aren't kids who are easily impressed.
This isn't what Tom and I are looking for.
They really don't take it seriously enough.
Tom is likely to be dangerous.
They sent my suitcase to Boston by mistake.
That's the one thing Tom and I are sure of.
This corner is where the accident happened.
Tom is likely to be disgusted.
The attackers all had knives in their hands.
That's what Tom and I are here to find out.
The place where I grew up is very beautiful.
Tom is likely to be exuberant.
They didn't make an announcement about this.
There's no doubt that Tom hasn't done that.
They think there's something tacky about it.
Tom is likely to be intrigued.
The biggest problem we have is lack of space.
That's why Tom and I aren't getting married.
The police chief said they have strong leads.
Tom is likely to be mortified.
There are simply no jobs out there right now.
This is the place where Tom and I first met.
There is too high a chance of that happening.
Tom is likely to be obstinate.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll be done.
There was little paramedics could do for Tom.
There are many famous old buildings in Boston.
Tom is likely to be uncertain.
The teacher said it's all right to do that now.
This is the village where Tom and I were born.
The whole town was destroyed by the earthquake.
Tom is my wife's acquaintance.
There are many places you should see in Boston.
The autopsy showed that Tom had been strangled.
There's a lot of information already out there.
Tom is not going to be amused.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you.
The main question is will Tom do his work well.
They don't like it when people don't like them.
Tom is safe, at least for now.
The rope was long enough, but not strong enough.
The police have taken Tom away for questioning.
The venom of most spiders is harmless to humans.
Tom is starting to get it now.
The pool was so deep I couldn't touch the bottom.
Seeing Tom with another woman made Mary jealous.
The last three weeks have been really busy for us.
Tom is still living with Mary.
There are a lot of famous old buildings in Boston.
The doctors don't think Tom will last the night.
The longer I stayed in Boston, the more I liked it.
Tom is still paying attention.
This is a way for us to give back to the community.
The real question is, what does Tom mean to you?
The more you do that, the more you'll want to do it.
Tom is still working that out.
There were some beautiful women at the club last night.
There is irrefutable proof that Tom is innocent.
The teacher scolded me for not paying attention in class.
Tom is totally cool with that.
There's only one other person who I'd trust driving my car.
The autopsy revealed that Tom had been strangled.
The doctor told Mary that she couldn't have any more children.
Tom is trying to find himself.
There was a possibility a lot more people could've been injured.
The fact that Tom didn't do that can't be denied.
There might have been snow on the road when the accident occurred.
Tom is very easy to be around.
The dining room is downstairs and the library is on the third floor.
There is a kernel of truth in what Tom is saying.
Tom is very happy to be alive.
The chemistry between Tom and Mary is unmistakable.
Tom isn't as restless as I am.
The police have crossed Tom off their suspect list.
Tom isn't as sociable as I am.
There wasn't anything the doctors could do for Tom.
Tom isn't as thorough as I am.
There's really something very mysterious about Tom.
Tom isn't going to lie to you.
The chemistry between Tom and Mary was unmistakable.
Tom isn't likely to be unfair.
There aren't many countries that Tom hasn't visited.
Tom kicked me under the table.
The police searched the dumpster behind Tom's office.
Tom looked like he was guilty.
There was an instant attraction between Tom and Mary.
Tom looked like he was stoned.
The police questioned Tom about the day of the murder.
Tom looked up in astonishment.
The way Tom looks at me sends a shiver through my body.
Tom looks like he was stunned.
The victim has been identified as 30-year-old Tom Jackson.
Tom looks like he's committed.
The reason why I can't marry Tom is that I'm in love with someone else.
Tom looks like he's delighted.
Why fulminate: it only makes us waste our energy!
I don't know how Tom voted.
The storm did a lot of damage.
Tom is a good carpenter, isn't he?
Those things happen sometimes.
I don't know when Tom died.
We did that earlier this week.
Tom must've gone crazy.
We've achieved our objectives.
I know what Tom looks like.
Why did you lie to the police?
Tom is a guitar teacher, isn't he?
Would it be OK if I used this?
I think Tom is doing great.
You're very likely to succeed.
Tom told me to go away.
Doing that is always difficult.
I think Tom was distracted.
I always dreamed of doing that.
Tom is a little worried, isn't he?
I ate three eggs for breakfast.
I think Tom will stay away.
I can hardly remember anything.
Tom wanted to be ready.
I like skiing and snowboarding.
I told Tom to speak French.
I want to turn over a new leaf.
Tom is a lot better now, isn't he?
I wasn't willing to compromise.
I understand how Tom feels.
I wasn't woken up by the noise.
Tom will speak tonight.
I would never agree to do that.
I'm sure Tom can handle it.
I'll explain the problem later.
Tom is a reasonable guy, isn't he?
It took days for us to do that.
If Tom wants to go, he can.
It's a good thing you did that.
It's a very competitive market.
Is Tom doing that right now?
It's a very special day for me.
Tom is a reasonable man, isn't he?
Participation isn't compulsory.
It sounds like Tom cheated.
Preregistration isn't required.
Tom gave me a lift home.
There aren't any other options.
It turns out Tom was right.
There were other possibilities.
Tom is a retired doctor, isn't he?
Unfortunately, mistakes happen.
Just tell Tom what you saw.
We did that earlier this month.
Tom is a real go-getter.
We still need to investigate that.
Look at how excited Tom is.
Why are you always so stubborn?
Tom is a school janitor, isn't he?
A lot can change in three years.
No wonder Tom got the part.
How was I supposed to know that?
Tom is safe where he is.
I did that without any problems.
No wonder Tom has no money.
I don't do that so much anymore.
Tom is a security guard, isn't he?
Obviously, Tom is talented.
I want to know what you've done.
Tom told me to be quiet.
I'm going to call you every day.
Of course, Tom can do that.
It's been great having you here.
Tom is a selfish person, isn't he?
It's personally very satisfying.
That's why Tom is the best.
No final decision has been made.
Tom walked away from me.
So far, I haven't done anything.
The boy on the left is Tom.
The girl on the right is Mary.
Tell me what the party was like.
Tom is a ski instructor, isn't he?
All I need is about three hundred dollars.
All Tom needs is a computer.
That's clearly unconstitutional.
Tom wanted to stay home.
That's confidential information.
At least, Tom doesn't snore.
That's something I wanted to do.
Tom is a strange person, isn't he?
Theoretically, we could do that.
Boston is where Tom belongs.
We're not getting paid for this.
Tom was just doing that.
Where's the closest supermarket?
Find out where Tom is today.
You didn't give me enough money.
Tom is a strong swimmer, isn't he?
You don't see very well, do you?
Hopefully, Tom is all right.
You seem to be eager to do that.
Tom is ahead in the race.
You're a very talented musician.
I can't tell you who Tom is.
All my dog does is sleep all day.
Tom is a talented actor, isn't he?
Let's go to a movie tomorrow.
Would you like to go to the zoo with us?
Tom did a good job here.
Where is the notebook that I left here on the table yesterday?
What are Tom and Mary arguing about?
Hello. Could I speak to Mr. Jackson?
Hello. Could I speak to Tom Jackson?
In my haste to leave the office, I forgot to turn off the lights.
You must have dropped your phone in your haste to catch the bus.
In our haste to go to the airport, we didn't even kiss mom and dad goodbye.
In their haste to finish the project on time, they omitted some important features.
Let's go see a movie tomorrow.
You're my hero, Sami.
Layla is a pretty girl.
I've got to go, Sami.
Sami fell back into his old ways.
Sami was playing with the devil.
Sami soon realized that Layla had demons of her own.
That's not what Sami thinks.
Sami owns this house.
Sami didn't tell Layla about Salima.
I'm not good at maths.
Sami supports Layla.
Sami liked to help people.
Sami really wanted to impress Layla.
Sami wanted people to like him for what he had more than for what he was.
Sami became a permanent ficture in Layla's house.
Are you Sami's daughter?
Sami praised Layla as being the love of his life.
Sami kept texting his father.
Sami went straight to his father's house.
Sami had Layla's phone.
This phone is Sami's.
Sami is out of options.
The Vikings attacked without warning at noon and by evening, the burning settlement cast a red glow against the sky.
Where is Sami's dad?
Sami was lost.
Sami received a call from Farid's daughter.
Sami searched the house for Layla.
Sami was waiting for news.
When is Sami's birthday?
I need to talk to Detective Bakir.
Sami failed to appear at his court date.
Sami was arrested for shoplifting.
Sami doesn't have the right to do that.
None of Sami's numbers works.
Sami gave Layla his hand.
Sami will take care of everything when Layla is gone.
Sami is lucky.
Sami's face was covered.
Sami recognized the gun.
Sami was read his rights.
Sami reported the theft.
Sami is trying to protect Layla.
Why are you showing me this picture?
Sami was crying.
Sami was sitting on the bed.
Sami was giving Layla a back massage.
Sami's body was wrapped up in a comforter.
Sami wasn't telling the truth.
Sami started collecting the rent payment from his tenants.
This made Sami feel good.
Sami will spend the rest of his youth behind bars.
Sami just cried and cried and cried.
It was starting to get dark.
Sami loved math.
Prove it!
Hold on!
Let's see!
Hahaha!
You mumble.
You mumbled.
Tom stalled the engine.
Tom released the clutch too fast and stalled the engine.
The German translation is wrong.
I would like a day pass.
What would the Flying Spaghetti Monster do?
You may have dropped your phone in your hurry to catch the bus.
You're my idol, Sami.
You're my champion, Sami.
You're my star, Sami.
Fuck if I know.
Tom's face haunts me.
You could've choosed the easier way, too.
That hurt.
Send Tom upstairs.
That's a fib.
Perhaps Tom laughed.
Stay like that.
Show Tom who's boss.
Parrots can sing.
Stop gawking at Tom.
Quit bellyaching.
Shut your mouth, Tom.
Shall we do that?
Singing is Tom's thing.
That really hurt.
Shall I have Tom do that?
That's exorbitant.
That's how Tom does that.
Show me your work.
Tears ran down Tom's face.
Suppose I do that.
That was who Tom talked to.
Taste it yourself.
That's how Tom spoke to us.
Sea water is salty.
Please ask Tom to stop crying.
Shall we do that now?
Someday Tom will realize that.
Thank God I did well.
Tom looks like he's motivated.
That isn't the issue.
Tom looks like he's uncertain.
That's about average.
Tom may understand French now.
That's beyond stupid.
Tom must like studying French.
That's called piracy.
Tom must like teaching French.
That's fairly simple.
Tom often travels on business.
That's never changed.
Tom paid for Mary's schooling.
How stupid can you be?
Tom probably knows how to win.
That's how I did that.
Tom quickly ran out of breath.
Shall we do that first?
Tom said a lot of good things.
Should we speak French?
Tom seemed a little dangerous.
That goes for you, too.
Tom seemed genuinely confused.
That just blew us away.
Tom seemed genuinely relieved.
That wasn't negotiable.
Tom seemed like a happy child.
That'll continue today.
Tom seemed to be a decent guy.
That's a hard decision.
Tom seemed to be contributing.
That's already illegal.
Tom seemed to be unprejudiced.
That's an outright lie.
Tom seemed to want me to fail.
Payment isn't necessary.
Tom seemed very distant today.
People are appreciative.
Tom should've been displeased.
People really like that.
Tom should've been supportive.
Shall we go and do that?
Tom started walking back home.
Shall we try to do that?
Tom stole something from Mary.
Someone's spying on you.
Tom tied the rope to the tree.
Swimming is hard for me.
Tom took a different approach.
That's a big difference.
Tom tried to protect his face.
That's another question.
Tom turned and stared at Mary.
That's called hypocrisy.
Tom was doing drugs with Mary.
That's happening Monday.
Tom was mistreated as a child.
That's never acceptable.
Tom was overcome with emotion.
Rock and roll is my life.
Tom was reading the newspaper.
That should be forbidden.
Tom was very proud of himself.
That's always been there.
Tom wasn't at the crime scene.
That's an abuse of power.
Tom wasn't breaking the rules.
That's highly subjective.
Tom wasn't quite finished yet.
People are clearly fed up.
Tom will likely be astonished.
Please don't sing anymore.
Tom will likely be devastated.
Profits aren't guaranteed.
Tom will likely be displeased.
Shall we do that together?
Tom will likely be distracted.
Shall we do that tomorrow?
Tom will likely be distressed.
Technically, I'm homeless.
Tom will likely be optimistic.
That seemed simple enough.
Tom will likely be supportive.
That was a stroke of luck.
Tom will probably be offended.
That wouldn't convince me.
Tom will probably be outraged.
That's another difference.
Tom won't let us speak French.
That's interesting indeed.
Tom won't likely be concerned.
That's just irresponsible.
Tom won't likely be dangerous.
Please just leave us alone.
Tom won't likely be depressed.
Please let me get off here.
Tom won't likely be irritated.
Should voting be mandatory?
Tom won't likely be sarcastic.
Stop telling us what to do.
Tom wouldn't have let you win.
That happens all too often.
Tom wouldn't run away from me.
That's absolutely horrible.
Tom's application was refused.
That's breaking new ground.
Tom's dream finally came true.
That's extraordinarily low.
Tom's hard work is paying off.
Please feel free to do that.
Tom's health has deteriorated.
Should I buy it now or wait?
Tom's perspective has changed.
So, what does that tell you?
Tell me why Tom and I are here.
That poem is very beautiful.
Tom and Mary are breaking even.
That's a legitimate concern.
Tom and Mary are cardiologists.
That's a weight off my mind.
Tom and Mary are collaborators.
That's completely ludicrous.
Tom and Mary are conscientious.
So, what do they normally do?
Tom and Mary are still digging.
So, what do you think so far?
Tom and Mary are two of a kind.
So, where do we go from here?
Tom and Mary found John boring.
That was the moment of truth.
Tom and Mary had a falling-out.
That's extremely frustrating.
Tom and Mary have a big family.
Please don't hate us for this.
Tom and Mary remain in custody.
Please don't make us eat that.
Tom and Mary should be friends.
Please excuse us for a minute.
Tom applied for asylum in 2013.
Please excuse us for a second.
Tom became a father in October.
Shouldn't that be your choice?
Tom became interested in music.
So, what was your point again?
Tom begged me not to hurt Mary.
Sorry, I don't get your point.
Tom belongs to the soccer club.
How should we gauge the threat?
Tom belongs to the tennis club.
How surprising is this for you?
Tom belongs to the upper class.
People are getting the message.
Tom brought me to the bus stop.
So tell me, do you feel pretty?
Tom burst into the room crying.
Something has to give but what?
Tom called during your absence.
That could never happen to you.
Tom came back after many years.
That had a big influence on me.
Tom came back many years later.
That's absolutely unbelievable.
Tom came from Boston yesterday.
Please don't make me sing again.
Tom came in at the last minute.
Promise me you won't sing again.
Tom can do that at his leisure.
So, what should we make of that?
Tom comes from a broken family.
Tom could do that in his sleep.
That isn't the question exactly.
Tom could order you to do that.
That must seem dangerous to you.
Tom didn't die a natural death.
How smart could such a person be?
Tom didn't do a stitch of work.
Please forgive me for doing that.
Tom didn't even bring a camera.
So, what happened with the money?
Tom didn't let me speak French.
Tell us how to solve the problem.
Tom didn't make it easy for me.
Thanks for giving us a ride home.
Tom didn't make the first move.
That idea hadn't crossed my mind.
Tom didn't mention you by name.
Sales drive the economy, not debt.
Tom didn't say who fired first.
Should you really be singing here?
Tom didn't seem ruffled at all.
That plan wasn't well thought out.
Tom didn't want to be embalmed.
Please show me that green raincoat.
Tom died after a brief illness.
Remember to meet us at the station.
Tom died later at the hospital.
Something like this is pretty rare.
Tom doesn't care why Mary lied.
Stop trying to make us feel guilty.
Tom doesn't look entirely well.
Thanks for reminding us to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be curious.
Sorry for not contacting you sooner.
Tom doesn't seem to be relaxed.
That wasn't a part of the agreement.
Tom doesn't seem to be shocked.
That wouldn't normally happen to me.
Tom doesn't seem to be wealthy.
That's going to be a problem for us.
Tom endured years of suffering.
That's more than I ever anticipated.
Tom entered through the window.
Please remind us to do that tomorrow.
Tom entered without hesitation.
Revenues were lower than we expected.
Tom expected nothing from Mary.
Shall we do that while we're waiting?
Tom found a cave on the island.
Something must've happened in Boston.
Tom gave me a pretty hard time.
Please give us something hot to drink.
Tom gave me a run for my money.
Should we consider ourselves hostages?
Tom goes to his office on foot.
Telling you was the right thing to do.
Tom got out from under the car.
That building has now been demolished.
Tom got up to answer the phone.
That ceremony was on October 20, 2013.
Tom got what was coming to him.
Part of me wonders if I made a mistake.
Tom had answers for everything.
Something strange happened to us today.
Tom had some problems sleeping.
That would be a very difficult problem.
Tom had to have been intrigued.
Supper will be served after the concert.
Tom has adapted extremely well.
How should I approach things differently?
Tom has been getting forgetful.
Some birds are singing outside the window.
Tom has great athletic ability.
How seriously should we take these threats?
Tom has more than enough money.
Shall we get up early tomorrow and do that?
Tom has never smoked marijuana.
Please tell me you haven't been here before.
Tom has no children of his own.
That isn't the main reason I need to do that.
Tom has no interest in running.
Perhaps you're just a little bit afraid of me.
Tom has recanted his testimony.
People will be affected by it in different ways.
Tom has received a ransom note.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Boston.
Tom has some big shoes to fill.
Some day when it's convenient for you, let's do that.
Tom has three children at home.
Put yourself in my position. What would you have done?
Tom has to be in love with you.
Some people blame the increase in violent crime on TV.
Tom hasn't asked us for it yet.
Since the weather's bad now, you don't have to do that.
Tom hasn't been heard of since.
I can't change.
Everything feels different today.
I didn't expect Tom to sing.
I didn't ask what the rules were.
Tom is barely getting by.
I feel like a thirteen-year-old.
I didn't pay Tom to do that.
I wasn't worried about the money.
Tom is a trumpet player, isn't he?
I wonder if that really happened.
I don't know where Tom died.
It didn't matter that much to me.
Tom is being manipulated.
So far I haven't had to do that.
I want Tom to be thrown out.
The meeting won't last very long.
Tom is a very good cook, isn't he?
This chair is really comfortable.
It's not clear why Tom left.
This is my favorite time of year.
Tom put on his slippers.
Unfortunately I couldn't do that.
Of course, Tom had a choice.
What are we supposed to be doing?
Tom is a very lucky guy, isn't he?
Why are you always so dressed up?
Shouldn't Tom be here today?
Are you here on official business?
Tom reminds me of myself.
I didn't know where my family was.
Surely Tom wouldn't do that.
I haven't been to Boston for ages.
Tom is a very smart guy, isn't he?
I shouldn't have gone there alone.
That's what Tom loves to do.
I'll definitely be there tomorrow.
Tom said Mary was cranky.
That's something you shouldn't do.
This is something Tom wants.
We didn't get a chance to do that.
Tom is a very sweet guy, isn't he?
Why in the world did you buy that?
Why didn't Tom come tonight?
Will it matter if I don't do that?
Tom should've left early.
I want to know what's in this stew.
Don't ask me how Tom does it.
I'll call you sometime before 2:30.
Tom is a violin teacher, isn't he?
I'll get you another cup of coffee.
Evidently, Tom can't do that.
I'll get you another glass of wine.
Tom shouldn't be outside.
I'll probably try doing that again.
Hopefully, Tom won't do that.
I've gotten used to this lifestyle.
Tom is about thirty now, isn't he?
If you're smart, you won't do that.
I guess Tom really had to go.
It'll be hard to decide what to do.
Tom started to back away.
That's not what I expected to hear.
I know Tom is here somewhere.
That's something I'd rather not do.
Tom is about to do that, isn't he?
I lost my temper and hit Tom.
Ultimately, that's not going to happen.
Should I have Tom do that?
Unfortunately, things have changed.
I tricked Tom into doing that.
We need to finish this job by noon.
Tom is about to go home, isn't he?
When are you leaving for Australia?
I'm more worried than Tom is.
You lied to the police, didn't you?
Tom tried to be punctual.
You're the perfect man for the job.
In 2013, Tom moved to Boston.
Did we do that the week before last?
Tom is acting strangely, isn't he?
I can't remember where you were born.
It looks as if Tom was right.
I imagine that'll happen eventually.
Tom walked to his office.
I'd recommend not singing that song.
It's nice that Tom does that.
I'll definitely take a look at that.
Tom is afraid of flying, isn't he?
Our prices haven't changed in years.
Make sure Tom is comfortable.
So far, I haven't received anything.
Tom wanted Mary to smile.
That's not something I've ever done.
People just seem to love Tom.
There's nothing we can announce yet.
Tom is afraid of ghosts, isn't he?
We'll just pretend nothing happened.
People think Tom is arrogant.
What are we going to do without you?
Tom wants more than that.
Where in the world did you get that?
Perhaps Tom should've stayed.
Tom is afraid of my dog, isn't he?
I can't explain everything right now.
That wasn't all that Tom did.
I didn't know where to catch the bus.
Tom will likely be drunk.
I love the way you make potato salad.
That's the way Tom wanted it.
I stopped doing that a long time ago.
Tom is afraid of snakes, isn't he?
I'll try to do that as fast as I can.
That's what Tom needed to do.
It's been hard living here by myself.
Tom admitted he was tired.
That's exactly what I intended to do.
That's where Tom needs to be.
The amount you gave me wasn't enough.
Tom is against the plan, isn't he?
We've only got three days to do that.
That's where Tom wants to go.
You can't do everything by yourself.
We can't do everything by ourselves.
Tom has been acting funny.
You should do that in the other room.
That's why Tom carries a gun.
Your friends aren't very intelligent.
Tom is allergic to cats, isn't he?
Grab your skates and let's go skating.
That's why Tom is doing that.
I really hope I don't have to do that.
I feel like an old man.
Tom told Mary he was scared.
Tom said Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he's only met Mary once.
Tom said that he's glad Mary did that.
Tom said that Mary has never met John.
Tom says that he saw Mary doing that.
Tom hopes that Mary knows what to do.
Tom told Mary she was hot.
Tom told Mary he was hot.
Tom told me that he might do that.
Tom said that he's planning to go, too.
Tom said that he's not planning to go.
I think that Tom may leave on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would win.
I didn't know that Tom was so confused.
Do you really think that Tom is single?
Are you telling me that Tom didn't win?
Do you think that Tom will likely win?
Do you really think that Tom is bored?
I knew that Tom wasn't good at chess.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to wait.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to talk.
I hope that Tom didn't get too upset.
I hope that Tom didn't do that again.
I doubt Tom is still upset.
I didn't know that Tom was so lonely.
Do you think that Tom is still drunk?
Do you really think that Tom is cute?
We all hope that Tom gets well soon.
I think that you're too old for Tom.
I think that I should let Tom leave.
I knew that Tom would do that again.
I doubt Tom is still here.
Do you think that Tom will be early?
Tom says that he won't wait any longer.
I think that Tom forgot to do that.
I hear that Tom sleeps in the nude.
Tom told me that he'd do that himself.
Tom told me that he wasn't sleepy yet.
Tom says that he'll do that on Monday.
Tom knows that I can't wait that long.
Tom knows that I can't sing very well.
Tom told me that he was feeling fine.
Tom told me that he was coming back.
Tom told me that he needed our help.
Tom told me that he never did that.
Tom told me that he liked the idea.
Tom knew that he'd have to do that.
Tom told me that he was at school.
Tom said that he left before Mary did.
Tom was hoping that he could help Mary.
Tom said that he's sure Mary will win.
Tom said that he's sure Mary can swim.
Tom told me that Mary did that wrong.
I think that Tom and Mary will agree.
Tom said that he's not mad at Mary.
Tom said that he isn't mad at Mary.
Who told you that Tom didn't kiss Mary?
When do you think that Tom will arrive?
What makes you think that Tom is wrong?
Tom told me that he liked Mary's smile.
Tom says that he'd never do that again.
I think that Tom won't do that, either.
Tom said that he's never lied to Mary.
Tom thought that he had to help Mary.
I think that Tom knows who shot Mary.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that.
I wish that I hadn't let Tom drive.
Tom knew I'd be on time.
I thought that Tom had lied to me.
I hope that Tom doesn't lie to us.
I don't think that Tom lied to us.
Tom says that he's here to support you.
Tom said he was really happy.
I'm sure that Tom will change his mind.
I think that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I can't believe that you told Tom that.
Tom said that Mary saw John do that.
Tom said that Mary has seen John do that.
Tom said that Mary saw John doing that.
I hope that Tom isn't at the party.
I think that Tom is likely to cry.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble.
I really hope I don't need to do that.
All Tom needed was some space.
I told my children to help each other.
Tom is allergic to nuts, isn't he?
Please stay with us a while longer.
All Tom wanted to do was play.
I'm not worried about anything at all.
Tom hopes you'll be there.
It means a lot to me that you're here.
All Tom wants is to feel safe.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Tom is already an adult, isn't he?
That's the only reason I'm doing that.
Ask Tom if he has any friends.
You can see the difference, can't you?
Tom is a do-it-yourselfer.
I didn't know how long I'd been asleep.
At least we know Tom can swim.
I want to be the best person I can be.
Tom is also from Boston, isn't he?
I want to know what I'm supposed to do.
Don't believe a word Tom says.
I'm not sure if I can do that properly.
Tom is a multimillionaire.
If that situation changes, let me know.
Hopefully, Tom won't run away.
If you need anything else, let me know.
Tom is always courteous, isn't he?
Just what exactly do you want me to do?
I asked Tom to leave my house.
Over the years we've seen many changes.
Tom is alone on the porch.
We had some good times here, didn't we?
Should I have Tom telephone you?
You'd never make me do that, would you?
Tom is always like that, isn't he?
You're the only one who knows for sure.
There are flamingos everywhere!
Get away from places where they talk too loud or too low.
He underlines the important words in red so he can focus on the meaning.
His failure underlines the need for better training.
The underlines you see were added by the author to emphasize the key points.
The wedding was delayed because the couple had forgotten to get a marriage license.
After paying monthly for ten years, they paid off the loan balance in a lump sum payment.
The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in the US is in Arlington National Cemetery.
To improve profits, we need to increase the utilization of our factory.
Electricity from the power company is delivered as alternating current.
A transformer converts alternating current to direct current for use in electronics.
The work was not original. It was a cut and paste job from published articles.
The easiest way to be sure you are copying the password correctly is to use cut and paste.
If they discover our secret, it will be the whole shooting match.
The demonstrator convinced him to buy the expensive appliance.
The demonstrator was told by police to move back but she refused and was arrested.
He was staggeringly ignorant of foreign affairs.
The tax cut is supposed to boost capital investment.
She initiates a lot of projects but seldom completes one.
I confused these two words.
He doesnt know what causes it, but just wait. Hell contrive an explanation.
You could tell they were angry by the clinching of their fists.
The health spa was the hotels primary amenity.
Put on the hazard warning light before you get out to change the tire.
Most insurance companies refuse to pay for preventive medicine.
The banker was an expert and was able to establish the letter of credit quickly.
They cant start their import business without a letter of credit.
Owning over half the stock, they had a controlling interest.
He was always earmarking funds for his pet projects.
Ive had too much beer, I have to take a whiz.
Dont just go off half-cocked. Do your homework first.
I like that idea. Ill go in on it with you.
On the days she doesnt sail, she windsurfs.
The magician diverts the audiences attention while he substitutes the card.
Collective bargaining is the only way the workers will get better wages and benefits.
He generally defers to his wife.
The lab assistant was able to replicate the results.
Miami has an interesting amalgam of North American and Latin American culture.
He couldnt finish the race since he had been expending too much energy by trying to stay with the leaders.
The corporate raider had a history of running companies into the ground.
Hes raised no insurmountable objections.
Its sad when a child is a detainee of our government.
The freedom movement started as a trickle and turned into a gusher.
Tom is a footslogger.
This is not his true self.
I didn't do what I'm being punished for.
Tom is back to square one.
I'm not going to let Tom sing.
I waited all morning for that to happen.
Tom is always talkative, isn't he?
In a few years, we'll all be doing that.
I'm sure Tom isn't a Canadian.
It was a long time since I've done that.
Tom is being investigated.
"Far better round Pachynus' point to steer, / though long the course, and tedious the delay, / than once dread Scylla to behold, or hear / the rocks rebellow with her hell-hounds' bay."
Whether he is tired or not, the job is waiting for him.
What's all this to-do about?
Time is flying by.
Time marches on.
I then wrote a report of what happened, to inform you.
Can't sleep, Tom?
Tom put his T-shirt on backwards.
That skirt looks very nice on you.
I'm looking for my cell phone.
I remember it very distinctly.
I've already read all the Harry Potter books.
I'm not risking anything.
I'm not putting anything at risk.
I'd like to know where they are.
She's unbearable.
Where's the shoe department?
Art imitates life.
I'd like to know who those people are.
I'd like to know where Tom works.
This isn't the first time that Tom and Mary have spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
This isn't the first time Tom and Mary have spent a couple of weeks in a hospital.
The man I visited was Tom.
The man that I visited was Tom.
The look on Tom's face told me he was afraid.
The look on Tom's face told me that he was afraid.
The house Tom and I are living in isn't very large.
The house that Tom and I are living in isn't very large.
The desk which Tom uses is old.
The desk that Tom uses is old.
The cost of living is very high in Boston.
The cost of living in Boston is very high.
The bomb exploded, but no one was hurt.
The bomb exploded, but nobody was hurt.
That's something I'm looking into.
That's something that I'm looking into.
That's something Tom and I are looking into.
That's something that Tom and I are looking into.
That's something you should do in advance.
That's something that you should do in advance.
That's something I'll cherish.
That's something that I'll cherish.
That's not why Tom lied.
That isn't why Tom lied.
That's not where Tom and I are going.
That isn't where Tom and I are going.
That's not what Tom and I are here for.
That isn't what Tom and I are here for.
That's not Tom style.
That isn't Tom style.
That's not sustainable.
That isn't sustainable.
That's not insignificant.
That isn't insignificant.
That's not how I did that.
That's not happening!
That isn't happening!
That's not even the best part!
That isn't even the best part!
That's not available.
That isn't available.
Thankfully, no one noticed.
Thankfully, nobody noticed.
Tell Tom I know where he lives.
Tell me you'll do that.
Tell me that you'll do that.
Someone spilled milk.
Somebody spilled milk.
Not everyone hugged Tom.
Not everybody hugged Tom.
Not everyone kissed Tom goodbye.
Not everybody kissed Tom goodbye.
No one was affected.
Nobody was affected.
No one forced Tom to agree to do that.
Nobody forced Tom to agree to do that.
No one has to know.
No one is out of the woods yet.
Nobody is out of the woods yet.
No one saw this coming.
Nobody saw this coming.
No one talks to us anymore.
Nobody talks to us anymore.
No one took the news harder than Tom.
Nobody took the news harder than Tom.
No one tried hugging Tom.
Nobody tried hugging Tom.
No one tried to intervene.
Nobody tried to intervene.
No one turns their devices off anymore.
Nobody turns their devices off anymore.
No one wants anything else from Tom.
Nobody wants anything else from Tom.
No one wants to hug Tom.
Nobody wants to hug Tom.
No one's ever given us money before.
Nobody's ever given us money before.
Nobody knew Tom had a dark side.
No one knew that Tom had a dark side.
No one knew Tom had a dark side.
Nobody knew that Tom had a dark side.
My trial resumes Monday.
My trial resumes on Monday.
Mary is convinced Tom is the man for her.
Mary is convinced that Tom is the man for her.
Let me assure you the situation is under control.
Let me assure you that the situation is under control.
It's safe to say Tom has had better Mondays.
It's safe to say that Tom has had better Mondays.
It's not something Tom and I are proud of.
It isn't something Tom and I are proud of.
It's not safe in here.
It isn't safe in here.
It's not just the economy.
It isn't just the economy.
It's not just kids who come to see Tom.
It isn't just kids who come to see Tom.
It's not going to affect us at all.
It isn't going to affect us at all.
It's not easy to sit around and watch.
It isn't easy to sit around and watch.
It's improbable Tom will do that.
It's improbable that Tom will do that.
It's good Tom hasn't done that yet.
It's good that Tom hasn't done that yet.
It was surprising Tom didn't get hurt.
It was surprising that Tom didn't get hurt.
It turned out Tom and I were right.
It turned out that Tom and I were right.
It turned out Tom was on drugs.
It turned out that Tom was on drugs.
It seems Tom and Mary ran off together.
It seems that Tom and Mary ran off together.
It seems it's still working.
It seems that it's still working.
It seems doing that isn't too difficult.
It seems that doing that isn't too difficult.
It isn't good to do that.
It isn't as simple as that.
It isn't as bad as all that.
It appeared Tom had been stabbed.
It appeared that Tom had been stabbed.
It appears Tom will do that.
It appears that Tom will do that.
How many times do I have to say I'm not married?
How many times do I have to say that I'm not married?
How does someone know what they want if they've never even seen it?
How does somebody know what they want if they've never even seen it?
How do you think you'll be affected by the budget?
How do you think that you'll be affected by the budget?
How do you think we maintain order around here?
How do you think that we maintain order around here?
How do you think this revolution got under way?
How do you think that this revolution got under way?
How do you think the court will decide?
How do you think that the court will decide?
How do you think the campaign is going?
How do you think that the campaign is going?
How do you tell someone that?
How do you tell somebody that?
How do you teach kids to appreciate what they have?
How do you teach children to appreciate what they have?
How do you know Tom isn't going to kiss Mary?
How do you know that Tom isn't going to kiss Mary?
How do you know Tom didn't win?
How do you know that Tom didn't win?
How do you know this wasn't done by a disgruntled employee?
How do you know that this wasn't done by a disgruntled employee?
How do you know they committed any crime?
How do you know that they committed any crime?
How do you know you're not mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know that you're not mistaking me for somebody else?
How do you know I know what I'm talking about?
How do you know that I know what I'm talking about?
How do you know Tom knows what he's talking about?
How do you know that Tom knows what he's talking about?
How do you get kids interested in personal safety?
How do you get children interested in personal safety?
How do they know the bear is dead?
How do they know that the bear is dead?
How could someone do that to another human being let alone their own mother.
How could somebody do that to another human being let alone their own mother.
How could I sleep knowing you were in the next room?
How could I sleep knowing that you were in the next room?
How can we make sure that bigger really is better for everyone?
How can we make sure that bigger really is better for everybody?
The bus stopped and everyone got out.
The bus stopped and everybody got out.
That's the car that I want to buy.
That's the guitar I want to buy.
That's the guitar that I want to buy.
That's the motorcycle I want to buy.
That's the motorcycle that I want to buy.
That's the umbrella I want to buy.
That's the umbrella that I want to buy.
That was really hard to do.
That was really difficult to do.
That's not negotiable.
That isn't negotiable.
Tell Tom I know why he did that.
Tell Tom that I know why he did that.
Tom told us he had cried.
Tom told us that he had cried.
I was kind of hoping we could do that.
I was kind of hoping that we could do that.
I thought Tom handled it well.
I thought that Tom handled it well.
I'm glad Tom is healthy again.
I'm glad that Tom is healthy again.
It seems Tom will do that.
It seems that Tom will do that.
It seems Tom sometimes does that.
It seems that Tom sometimes does that.
It seems Tom is doing that.
It seems that Tom is doing that.
It isn't very likely Tom will want to do that.
It isn't very likely that Tom will want to do that.
How long do you think that it'll take Tom to do that?
How many years have you been a taxi driver?
How many years have you been a cab driver?
Why do you think Tom kissed Mary?
Why do you think that Tom kissed Mary?
Why do you think Tom would kiss Mary?
Why do you think that Tom would kiss Mary?
How can someone like me get a loan?
How can somebody like me get a loan?
Kill Tom.
It may be so.
Tom hasn't been the same since.
Is it malignant?
Leave Tom here.
It seemed OK.
Tom heard knocking at the door.
How did it break?
Keep Tom occupied.
My anger faded.
Tom held out his hand for more.
May I get ready?
My eyes met Tom's.
It's very dirty.
Tom immediately got out of bed.
How are you coping?
Is Tom coming along?
My gun misfired.
Tom is a light eater, isn't he?
Is it time for a change?
Isn't Tom angry yet?
It's really true.
Tom is a valuable staff member.
How does memory work?
It serves Tom right.
My credit's good.
Tom is always as busy as a bee.
Is that a for sale sign?
Is Tom on board, too?
It's fairly large.
Tom is counting on you to help.
How generous is that?
Just keep going, Tom.
My anger subsided.
Tom is excused from doing that.
Let's have Tom leave.
My interest faded.
Tom is from a very good family.
How safe are opioids?
Life is good for Tom.
My mouth went dry.
Tom is gaining on us, isn't he?
Is this holding us back?
Nothing can stop Tom.
My phone vibrated.
Tom is going sailing on Monday.
How's life going now?
Offer Tom some money.
Let's just do that.
Tom is going through a divorce.
Is this now a done deal?
Life was good for Tom.
My car caught fire.
Tom is going to get his chance.
How can I do anything?
Mary ran off with Tom.
My car was totaled.
Tom is going to give us a hand.
Let's do that, shall we?
How did Tom change you?
My stomach growled.
Tom is going to return at 2:30.
How about a compromise?
It's all thanks to Tom.
It doesn't end well.
Tom is head over heels in love.
Is it getting any easier?
Music is Tom's passion.
It was a good night.
Tom is just along for the ride.
How do you manage that?
No one would marry Tom.
It was a hard fight.
Tom is likable, but Mary isn't.
Is it too late to matter?
It's Tom who's the boss.
It's extremely hard.
Tom is likely to be astonished.
How long can that last?
It's making Tom nervous.
It's extremely long.
Tom is likely to be devastated.
Is it going to be painful?
Just hang in there, Tom.
Keep up if you can.
Tom is likely to be distracted.
How long was your wait?
Maybe I should kiss Tom.
Keep us in the loop.
Tom is likely to be distressed.
Is it true you're a thief?
My gaze locked on Tom's.
My vacation is over.
Tom is likely to be optimistic.
How might this be done?
How does Tom plan to win?
My worries are over.
Tom is likely to still be high.
Is one of you always late?
How does Tom deal with it?
How fortunate we are.
Tom is likely to still be safe.
How can that be correct?
How's Tom doing in Boston?
It wasn't a question.
Tom is likely to win this game.
Is that doing us any good?
It looks like Tom is high.
It wasn't deliberate.
Tom is living a very hard life.
How did it come to this?
It'll make Tom very happy.
It wasn't productive.
Tom is making up for lost time.
Is that the whole picture?
Legally, Tom isn't guilty.
It wasn't successful.
Tom is moving on with his life.
How do I get in on this?
How did Tom earn the medal?
It's getting serious.
Tom is no better than a beggar.
Is there a way to do this?
How much more can Tom take?
It's getting smaller.
Tom is no longer a preschooler.
How else can you put it?
It looks like Tom did that.
It's totally amazing.
Tom is nothing but a hypocrite.
Is there sufficient light?
It was Tom who killed Mary.
It's very attractive.
Tom is on the road to recovery.
How far off can that be?
It's all Tom seems to have.
Life has become easy.
Tom is our special guest today.
Is this financial suicide?
Maybe Tom can go to Boston.
Mary looked fabulous.
Tom is passed out on the porch.
How good are those jobs?
Maybe Tom will sing for us.
My mind's gone blank.
Tom is preparing a meal for us.
Is this some type of joke?
How big a role did Tom play?
My wife died in 2013.
Tom is progressing pretty well.
How long can this go on?
How did Tom get Mary to lie?
It keeps me motivated.
Tom is ready for next semester.
Is this the break we need?
It looks as if Tom did that.
It was a total fiasco.
Tom is ready for that, I think.
How long does that take?
It looks like Tom is stoned.
It's just a meteorite.
Tom is ready for the next step.
Isn't the time to buy now?
It may be that Tom is there.
It's time to wait now.
Tom is redecorating the office.
How will I pay the rent?
It was a good thing Tom did.
Just go to the office.
Tom is scared to death of Mary.
Is inflation a problem now?
It was as if Tom never left.
Let's order out today.
Tom is something of a magician.
How are rates determined?
Let's hope Tom doesn't sing.
My attention wandered.
Tom is still the better choice.
Is it all right between us?
How could Tom be a terrorist?
My family is in shock.
Tom is such a sensitive person.
How can they pull it off?
If Tom was hurt, I'd know it.
My job is the easiest.
Tom is such a wonderful person.
Is it time for some change?
It was the best Tom could do.
My request was denied.
Tom is survived by his parents.
How did we sink this low?
It's Tom who's the boss here.
It all worked out well.
Tom is under enormous pressure.
Is that all there is to it?
It's not like Tom was rushed.
It was a complete mess.
Tom is very curious about that.
How do you pass the time?
Look at what happened to Tom.
It was really worth it.
Tom is your typical workaholic.
Is there a cure for cancer?
Maybe Tom is meant to be here.
It won't happen to you.
Tom isn't a man to trifle with.
How much are the tickets?
No wonder Tom felt below par.
It's a pain to do that.
Tom isn't as important as I am.
Is this what you voted for?
How big a star is Tom Jackson?
It's certainly unusual.
Tom isn't as realistic as I am.
How much should you walk?
How does Tom get away with it?
It's extremely painful.
Tom isn't going to accept that.
It looks like Tom is agitated.
It's obviously strange.
Tom isn't here to make friends.
How old are you now, sir?
Maybe Tom is crying right now.
It's simply disgusting.
Tom isn't likely to be curious.
Is French difficult or easy?
No Tom, actually you're wrong.
It's something serious.
Tom isn't out of the woods yet.
How about a round of golf?
How did you know Tom could win?
It's something special.
Tom isn't sure who to vote for.
Is this an impossible dream?
Is Tom better off without Mary?
Let me lend you a hand.
Tom kept that secret for years.
How can you be successful?
Is that why Tom and I are here?
Money's a little tight.
Tom killed one of his hostages.
Is this supposed to be news?
Isn't that how Tom got started?
My health is improving.
Tom knows what that feels like.
How could I agree to this?
Isn't this how Tom got started?
My hobby is doing that.
Tom leveled his pistol at Mary.
Just how bad is this system?
It looks like Tom is concerned.
My trial started today.
Tom likes to keep things clean.
How do I turn this around?
It looks like Tom is confident.
My wife died last week.
Tom lives in a gated community.
Is it time for something new?
It was Tom first and me second.
How nice of you to come!
Tom looked like he was frantic.
How do we get enough food?
It was a great victory for Tom.
It isn't what you think.
Tom looked like he was stunned.
Is that a hole in your pants?
It was hard until Tom was born.
It was a mere formality.
Tom looks cool in this picture.
How do you see the matter?
It was truly a sad day for Tom.
It's always interesting.
Tom looks like he's determined.
Is that all it comes down to?
Love grew between Tom and Mary.
It's entirely different.
Tom looks like he's distracted.
How do you train for that?
Maybe Tom and I are just crazy.
It's published annually.
Tom made the following remarks.
Is there anything left to do?
Maybe Tom was raised by wolves.
It's quite eye-catching.
Tom may speak French with Mary.
How far can we carry this?
How did you know Tom could sing?
It's really competitive.
Tom must be stranded somewhere.
Is this really our best plan?
How did you know Tom would sing?
It's utterly ridiculous.
Tom must've kissed Mary by now.
How hard is it to be poor?
How's that working for you, Tom?
It's very disappointing.
Tom needed to use the bathroom.
Is this the train for Boston?
Let's just keep Tom out of this.
It's wholly unnecessary.
Tom paged through the magazine.
How have you been keeping?
Mary asked Tom to walk her home.
Just be home for dinner.
Tom pretended not to know Many.
Isn't that what they all say?
Maybe Tom and Mary are sleeping.
How kind of you to offer.
Tom raised a finger in protest.
How much did you overhear?
Maybe Tom came here to see Mary.
It has to work this time.
Tom ran off with another woman.
Just how significant is that?
My house is next to Tom's house.
It just sort of happened.
Tom really doesn't like to fly.
How much will it sell for?
People suspected Tom right away.
It really freaked me out.
Tom really has no other choice.
Is any of this ringing a bell?
Perhaps Tom is crying right now.
It was just a normal day.
Tom really is in over his head.
How much will the toll be?
Perhaps Tom is kissing Mary now.
It's almost embarrassing.
Tom really is rocking the boat.
Is it always going to be free?
That didn't seem to satisfy Tom.
It's already challenging.
Tom really looks like a doctor.
How safe are e-cigarettes?
That's all Tom and I are asking.
It's definitely exciting.
Tom really picked up the slack.
Is it just a matter of timing?
How did you get Tom to kiss Mary?
It's no skin off my nose.
Tom received the award in 2013.
How are we paying for this?
How often does Tom attend church?
It's totally meaningless.
Tom respects his teacher a lot.
Is it really all that harmful?
In 2013, Tom relocated to Boston.
Mary is a glamorous girl.
Tom responded with a thumbs up.
How can that be a solution?
It certainly does sound like Tom.
My trial starts tomorrow.
Tom retired at the end of 2013.
Is that too much risk for you?
It looks like Tom is intoxicated.
Never ever do that again.
Tom returned a few hours later.
How can we learn from this?
It wasn't because Tom didn't try.
It doesn't pay to do that.
Tom runs in the park every day.
Is there enough room for them?
It's the way Tom does everything.
It looks like you're high.
Tom said bad things about Mary.
How did you get into radio?
Maybe Tom was just lucky tonight.
It was an awesome feeling.
Tom saw his kids off to school.
Now what is this really about?
Now retired, Tom lives in Boston.
It was really frustrating.
Tom seemed to be a kind person.
How do we cope with change?
Something is very wrong with Tom.
It's absolutely fantastic.
Tom seemed to be a nice fellow.
Is it going to take extra time?
Tell Tom it was nothing personal.
It's absolutely marvelous.
Tom seemed to be an honest man.
How do you vent your anger?
Thank God Tom made that decision.
It's absolutely wonderful.
Tom seemed to be flabbergasted.
Is solar energy worth the cost?
Isn't that why Tom and I are here?
It's advisable to do that.
Tom seemed to be ignoring Mary.
How much fuel did you save?
It sounds like Tom was unconscious.
It's almost revolutionary.
Tom seemed to be irresponsible.
Is that radical enough for you?
It was crazy what happened to Tom.
It's already been checked.
Tom seemed to be sophisticated.
How much fun would that be?
It's disgusting what Tom is doing.
It's completely plausible.
Tom seemed to be unable to win.
Is there a doctor in this town?
It's great that Tom is coming here.
It's completely voluntary.
Tom seemed very friendly today.
How much help is out there?
Something was very wrong with Tom.
It's definitely happening.
Tom seems absorbed in his work.
Isn't that a thing of the past?
Technically, Tom poisoned himself.
It's extremely gratifying.
Tom seems to be onto something.
How much more do they want?
How did you know I didn't kiss Tom?
It's pretty icy out there.
Tom seems to do that every day.
Isn't that good enough for you?
If Tom ran away, where could he go?
It's totally unbelievable.
Tom should kiss Mary right now.
How often do you hear that?
It's about time for Tom to do that.
My father has disowned me.
Tom showed up late to practice.
Isn't that something different?
My heart started pounding.
Tom showed up the next morning.
How about I get you a drink?
Like his father, Tom is unemployed.
My past caught up with me.
Tom squeezed my hand very hard.
Isn't that what college is for?
No doubt Tom will do that tomorrow.
My plan has been rejected.
Tom stepped back into the room.
How are we going to make it?
Of course, I have feelings for Tom.
My stomach began to growl.
Tom stepped out onto the porch.
Life can't be that bad, can it?
Shall we get Tom to do that for us?
It makes it very difficult.
Tom stood over Mary with a gun.
How are you psychologically?
That doesn't mean Tom is satisfied.
It was a personal decision.
Tom survived without a scratch.
Is this what you call junk food?
That was the last I heard from Tom.
It was a tough week for us.
Tom takes everything seriously.
How do I apologize for this?
That wasn't your call to make, Tom.
It was definitely a relief.
Tom used to never speak French.
It's very interesting, isn't it?
How did Tom know that before we did?
It was too good to be true.
Tom walked away with the prize.
How do you define true love?
How would you like to be called Tom?
It wasn't anything special.
Tom wants more than an apology.
Is this restaurant's coffee good?
It happened Monday morning at Tom's.
It's almost unclassifiable.
Tom wants to get help for Mary.
How do you stay an optimist?
It was an offer Tom couldn't refuse.
It's much too early to say.
Tom was a huge influence on me.
Is this supposed to be Chinese food?
It was crazy what happened with Tom.
It's never easy to do that.
Tom was asked to go undercover.
How does that help our city?
It's hard to lose somebody like Tom.
It's really quite a crisis.
Tom was better than I expected.
Mary is a lovely girl, isn't she?
It's not like Tom murdered somebody.
It's something very unique.
Tom was blasted with a shotgun.
How hard is that to believe?
No weapon was found near Tom's body.
It's that time of the year.
Tom was found guilty and fined.
Must you always have your own way?
That was the last time Tom saw Mary.
It's what I was born to do.
Tom was glad to see Mary again.
How sustainable is all this?
How Tom got away doesn't matter much.
Just give us a little time.
Tom was happy to be home again.
Is this the best car you could get?
How could Tom know where to find you?
Mary is now eating for two.
Tom was in the mood for a walk.
How ugly is it going to get?
How could Tom say those things to me?
Mary used to be a stripper.
Tom was jogging down the beach.
Isn't it about time you fought back?
If Tom really loved me, he'd do that.
Mary went to get her purse.
Tom was let go in late October.
How bad is the crime problem?
It was a nerve-wracking year for Tom.
My answer may surprise you.
Tom was missing for three days.
It makes you feel proud, doesn't it?
It was a very troubling time for Tom.
My answer stunned everyone.
Tom was murdered by a Canadian.
How can it have come to this?
It's irrelevant what choices Tom had.
My car could use new tires.
Tom was named chairman in 2013.
Is this restaurant's coffee any good?
It's something Tom does before games.
My first wife died in 2013.
Tom was on the verge of crying.
How can you not respect them?
Maybe Tom and I are just getting old.
My first wife was Canadian.
Tom was scolded for being lazy.
It's wonderful weather today, isn't it?
Maybe Tom and I are working too much.
Odds are that won't happen.
Tom was shot twice in the head.
How could it have gone wrong?
My house is between Tom's and Mary's.
It has definitely helped me.
Tom was touched by Mary's gift.
Mary has become very beautiful, hasn't she?
Nevertheless, Tom decided to risk it.
It took us hours to do that.
Tom was trying to calm his dog.
How do the men feel about it?
No wonder Tom wasn't taken seriously.
It was a wasted opportunity.
Tom was trying to find himself.
It hasn't been that long since we've seen each other, has it?
Something is terribly wrong with Tom.
It was great fun to do that.
Tom was wearing a cap and gown.
How do we capitalize on that?
Surely Tom wouldn't do anything rash.
It's a pretty bad situation.
Tom wasn't in a forgiving mood.
How do you like your chances?
That's all Tom and I are looking for.
It's a pretty daunting task.
Tom wasn't present at the time.
How have I made a difference?
That's just what Tom and I are doing.
It's a question of legality.
Tom wasn't quite himself today.
How much alcohol is too much?
How did you know I wanted to kiss Tom?
It's a very orderly process.
Tom wasn't very self-conscious.
How much do you think it was?
How did you manage to get Tom to sing?
It's absolutely astonishing.
Tom wears his hair combed back.
How much money can you spend?
How many times a week do you kiss Tom?
It's commercially available.
Tom went out without any money.
How much would I have to pay?
How much did Tom pay you to kiss Mary?
It's completely devastating.
Tom will always be in my heart.
How well would that work out?
How stupid do you think Tom and I are?
It's definitely encouraging.
Tom will answer for his crimes.
How will the ban be enforced?
I think it's time to send Tom packing.
It's driving me up the wall.
Tom will appear in court today.
How will we pay the mortgage?
It looks like Tom is desperate to win.
It's just one of those days.
Tom will be Mary's next victim.
How would you ever know that?
It looks like Tom's getting somewhere.
It's water under the bridge.
Tom will be brought to justice.
How can I complain about that?
It was very naughty of Tom to do that.
Tom will be fascinated by that.
How can voters be so ignorant?
It's what Tom and I are used to doing.
Mary is smart and beautiful.
Tom will be starting next week.
How can we capitalize on that?
Killing wasn't that difficult for Tom.
Maybe you'd better not sing.
Tom will come back and kill us.
How can we not listen to them?
Maybe Tom and I are missing something.
My hearing is getting worse.
Tom will likely be disobedient.
How did they get away with it?
Please tell me why Tom and I are here.
My trial started in October.
Tom will likely be embarrassed.
How do you capitalize on that?
Tell me what Tom and I are doing here.
How very nice of you to come!
Tom will likely be intoxicated.
How do you start your morning?
That was an offer Tom couldn't refuse.
It was everything I imagined.
Tom will likely be unavailable.
How does one prepare for that?
That's all Tom and I are trying to do.
It's a common sense approach.
Tom will likely be unconcerned.
How does that even make sense?
How much did Tom get paid to kiss Mary?
It's a very delicate balance.
Tom will probably be dangerous.
How many people die every day?
It took some time for Tom to feel safe.
It's been a long time coming.
Tom will probably be disgusted.
How much French can you speak?
Mary told Tom that she was leaving him.
It's certainly a distraction.
Tom will probably be obstinate.
How much profit do you expect?
So, what else do we not know about Tom?
It's hard to even comprehend.
Tom will report directly to me.
How would you respond to that?
How could Tom have married such a woman?
It's just a personal project.
Tom woke up naked and confused.
In 2013, Tom moved his family to Boston.
Tom woke up naked on the floor.
How can we solve this for good?
In October 2013, Tom returned to Boston.
It's working out really well.
Tom won the election that year.
How did you make those choices?
Is there anything left to say about Tom?
Let's put an ad in the paper.
Tom won't come to live with us.
How do I know what I should do?
It wasn't just kids who come to see Tom.
Mary danced like a ballerina.
Tom won't forgive me so easily.
How do they get away with this?
It's not like I was trying to avoid Tom.
My eyesight is deteriorating.
Tom won't likely be displeased.
How do you assess the situation?
Neither Tom nor Mary has been in prison.
Odds are it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom won't likely be downstairs.
How do you build a signal fire?
Perhaps Tom thought the question absurd.
Our goal isn't to make money.
Tom won't likely be optimistic.
How do you choose your dresses?
Stay away from Tom or you will be sorry.
How naive I was to think that.
Tom won't likely be supportive.
How do you know the difference?
Suddenly, Tom collapsed onto the ground.
How wicked of you to say that.
Tom won't likely be unemployed.
How do you know when it's done?
That's exactly what Tom and I are doing.
It takes hard work to succeed.
Tom won't risk hurting himself.
How do you not kill each other?
How many times a week does Tom kiss Mary?
It was pretty much impossible.
Tom worked hard at what he did.
How do you plan to market this?
People think Tom and I are a little nuts.
It was the worst feeling ever.
Tom works in middle management.
How do you save energy at home?
That October, Tom underwent back surgery.
It'll be good to see everyone.
Tom works in our Boston office.
How does that help our economy?
That's exactly what Tom and I were doing.
It's a cost of doing business.
Tom would never stoop this low.
How does that impact you today?
How can you not know what Tom looked like?
It's a nice day. Let's go out.
Tom would sleep where he could.
How high was it off the ground?
If Tom comes here, ask him to wait for me.
It's absolutely unprecedented.
Tom wouldn't take me seriously.
How much do voters really care?
Since Tom will do that, I'll do that, too.
It's completely beyond repair.
Tom wrapped his arms around me.
How much of an advantage is it?
How are Tom and I going to get out of here?
It's completely irresponsible.
Tom writes with a fountain pen.
How much sun is enough for you?
How could Tom have been killed by his wife?
It's hard for me to come here.
Tom's comments were misleading.
How much would you have to pay?
How did you know I didn't want to kiss Tom?
It's more important than ever.
Tom's death wasn't an accident.
How tax friendly is your state?
How old were you when you first kissed Tom?
It's very nice of you to come.
Tom's marriage is on the rocks.
How can the bombings be stopped?
It was raining when Tom did that yesterday.
It's what I would've expected.
Tom's trial lasted three weeks.
How can they not be accountable?
It's not like Tom and I are doing anything.
Mary is the perfect housewife.
Tom's trial was held in Boston.
How can we protect our citizens?
It's something Tom and I are excited about.
My first thought was to leave.
Tom and Mary are gaining ground.
How can you deny climate change?
How did Tom seem to you on Monday afternoon?
My hearing is beginning to go.
Tom and Mary are great together.
How can you even sleep at night?
How does Tom manage to keep a straight face?
How glad I am to see you again.
Tom and Mary are in big trouble.
How could it possibly be so bad?
Swimming is one thing Tom and I are good at.
How this came about is unknown.
Tom and Mary are moving forward.
How could that possibly be true?
How did Tom manage to last as long as he did?
It became necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary are really stumped.
How did you get a gig like that?
Maybe Tom and Mary want to be alone together.
It makes me feel very insecure.
Tom and Mary did drugs together.
How do I know you won't do that?
How could I look Tom in the eye if I said yes?
It was a positive step forward.
Tom and Mary fell madly in love.
How do they make up their minds?
How did someone like Tom Jackson become mayor?
It'll be snowing in Boston now.
Tom and Mary go a long way back.
How do you become a billionaire?
How many times have Tom and Mary gone camping?
It's because I like to do that.
Tom and Mary have tied the knot.
How do you intend to go forward?
If only Tom would come, we could talk it over.
It's completely understandable.
Tom and Mary quickly hit it off.
How do you see the market today?
If you explain it, Tom ought to understand it.
It's very simple and intuitive.
Tom and Mary were also attacked.
How does any of this make sense?
How much longer Tom lasts remains the question.
Let me tell you why I did that.
Tom and Mary were high on drugs.
How does that solve the problem?
If Tom and I aren't home, just let yourself in.
Mary is pregnant with triplets.
Tom and Mary weren't far behind.
How far back does that queue go?
It's hard to imagine what Tom was thinking.
My mother died when I was born.
Tom appeared in court on Monday.
How far back were you searching?
On October 20, 2013, Tom married Mary in Boston.
My trial will begin in October.
Tom armed himself with a pistol.
How hard are they to get rid of?
How are Tom and I supposed to compete with that?
There's no way that's possible.
Tom asked Mary how to cook fish.
How many Canadians do you teach?
Tell me again what Tom and I are supposed to do.
If that happens, give us a call.
Tom ate every bit of his dinner.
How much are you paying in rent?
If Tom and I aren't home, just let yourselves in.
If you need a friend, get a dog.
Tom attends many school affairs.
How much do your vices cost you?
It looks like Tom and I are going to arrive late.
Introduce me to your girlfriend.
Tom broke down and he told Mary.
How much does race still matter?
It was invented in by Tom Jackson in Boston.
It doesn't look like you're shy.
Tom came to Boston as a teacher.
How much oil does Australia use?
Supposedly, Tom will get out of prison on Monday.
It doesn't matter to us one bit.
Tom can't do that at this point.
How's that been working for you?
How long do you think Tom and I are going to wait?
It looks like you're displeased.
Tom concealed that fact from me.
How are things going this season?
Last night, I got a call out of the blue from Tom.
It made a huge impression on me.
Tom confused me with my brother.
How can I tell if my car is safe?
It's already 2:and there's still no sign of Tom.
It's a truly impressive project.
Tom couldn't do that to himself.
How can such big mistakes happen?
It's going to be a while until Tom and I are ready.
It's been a long journey for me.
Tom couldn't get his gloves off.
How can these problems be solved?
It's very obvious Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Many friends came to see us off.
Tom deserves much of the credit.
How common are cholera outbreaks?
How would you describe the expression on Tom's face?
My conscience doesn't bother me.
Tom did nothing but cry all day.
How did that vehicle end up here?
How could Tom possibly know that unless you told him?
My daughter is already grown up.
Tom did some good things for us.
How do we deal with these issues?
It goes without saying that Tom is in love with Mary.
My loan request was turned down.
Tom did that without me knowing.
How do you people sleep at night?
Not only is Tom not coming, Mary isn't coming either.
Odds are against that happening.
Tom didn't agree to my proposal.
How do you promote your business?
It's hard to imagine what was going through Tom's head.
One of these days, I'll do that.
Tom didn't mention Mary by name.
How long have you been in comedy?
How are Tom and I supposed to sleep with all this noise?
Our business is doing just fine.
Tom didn't obey the court order.
How many licenses have been sold?
If Tom's wife knew Tom was here now, she'd be very angry.
It's a great bonding opportunity.
Tom didn't see any other option.
How much more evidence is needed?
It took three days for the police to identify Tom's body.
It's become necessary to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be exhausted.
How much room is there to expand?
If Tom wants to live here, he'll have to live by my rules.
Let's just say it wasn't helpful.
Tom didn't seem to be irritated.
How will you know you've arrived?
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Tom talking to Mary.
Let's take the children swimming.
Tom didn't seem to be miserable.
How would I have time to do that?
Not only does Tom not eat rice, he doesn't eat bread either.
Many animals are active at night.
Tom didn't seem to be terrified.
How would you describe this book?
If Tom's parents knew Tom was here now, they'd be very angry.
Money's a little tight right now.
Tom didn't seem to be uncertain.
How best can that be accomplished?
Mary finally realized that Tom was never going to propose to her.
My body was covered with bruises.
Tom didn't want to be with Mary.
How can we do this for less money?
If Tom's girlfriend knew Tom had kissed Alice, she'd be very angry.
How glad I'll be to get back home.
Tom didn't write me any letters.
How can we take this sitting down?
Since I had some free time yesterday, I decided to do that with Tom.
It really annoys me when you sing.
Tom distanced himself from Mary.
How can you prepare for the worst?
If Tom had been brought to the hospital sooner, he wouldn't have died.
It was sensible of you to do that.
Tom doesn't let me speak French.
How could you not have known this?
How does someone get involved with a creep like Tom in the first place?
It would be unpleasant to do that.
Tom doesn't often walk anywhere.
How could you write such a letter?
If Tom had been brought to the hospital earlier, he wouldn't have died.
Just let me throw on some clothes.
Tom doesn't want to be annoying.
How critical is long battery life?
Mary finally realized that Tom was never going to ask her to marry him.
How terribly wrong many of us were.
Tom doesn't want to be embalmed.
How do you handle security issues?
Tom dropped in on me last night.
It was like nothing we'd ever seen.
Tom encouraged everyone to come.
How do you keep kids out of gangs?
Tom ended up being a freelancer.
Just tell me what you want from me.
Tom entered the abandoned house.
How does it feel to be a has-been?
Tom expected Mary to leave town.
Let's hope it's the same in Boston.
Tom exuded an air of confidence.
How gullible is the voting public?
Tom felt his heart beating fast.
One of them pressed the red button.
Tom found himself drawn to Mary.
How is the heat wave affecting you?
Tom found out where Mary worked.
How lucky we are to be here tonight.
Tom generally does that at 2:30.
How many times a week do you blog?
Tom got off at the next station.
If it's OK, I'd like to do that now.
Tom had good reason to be happy.
How worried are you about privacy?
Tom has a new woman in his life.
In my house, my wife did everything.
Tom has an abrasive personality.
How would you resolve such issues?
Tom has been a great help to me.
It doesn't get any better than that.
Tom has been in and out of jail.
How's that going to impact me now?
Tom has been single for a while.
It doesn't seem possible to do that.
Tom has forbidden us to do that.
How are you reaching out to people?
Tom has his own morning routine.
It's what happens in the real world.
Tom has overcome many obstacles.
How can copyright laws be enforced?
Tom has reason to be optimistic.
Let's make this room into an office.
Tom has scars all over his body.
Tom has some very loyal friends.
Mary isn't too young to be a mother.
Tom hasn't been altogether idle.
How can my car be converted to LPG?
Tom informed me of his decision.
If the weather's fine, let's do that.
Tom is a despicable human being.
How can they afford the legal fees?
Tom is actually not the manager.
In my house, my wife does everything.
Tom is calling me. I have to go.
How can they do what they're doing?
Tom is doing a great job for us.
It was warm and the weather was good.
Tom is doing an outstanding job.
How can you tell fact from fiction?
Tom is done answering questions.
It's OK if you just do that a little.
Tom is facing the death penalty.
How could I have said such a thing?
Tom is getting ahead of himself.
It's a different situation in Boston.
Tom is going to be safe with me.
How could it possibly be otherwise?
Tom is going to be safe with us.
It's important to drink enough water.
Tom is going to handle the rest.
How did such a person become mayor?
Tom is going to join us shortly.
It's much more than what we expected.
Tom is going to succeed in time.
How do I get a good deal this year?
Tom is just about finished here.
Let me give you a chance to prove it.
Tom is likely to be mischievous.
How do you balance work and family?
Tom is likely to be overwhelmed.
Tom is likely to be unavailable.
How do you choose the right doctor?
Tom is likely to be unconcerned.
If you do that, I'll give you $300.
Tom is likely to be unconscious.
How do you handle credit card debt?
Tom is likely to be unconvinced.
It's a wonderful opportunity for kids.
Tom is likely to still be bossy.
How do you keep the momentum going?
Tom is likely to still be tense.
Maybe you're the one with the problem.
Tom is most likely going to cry.
How do you miss something that big?
Tom is never going to back down.
Obesity is such a big issue right now.
Tom is never going to betray us.
How do you pick the books you read?
Tom is only thirty minutes away.
How this will be done is still unclear.
Tom is playing with his friends.
How do you pick the songs you sing?
Tom is too hard on his children.
How you get any work done is beyond me.
Tom is too tipsy to do that now.
How do you plan to raise the money?
Tom is trying to find his niche.
If only we had money, we could do that.
Tom is very impressed with Mary.
How do you settle office squabbles?
Tom isn't as innovative as I am.
Initially, everything seemed difficult.
Tom isn't as persuasive as I am.
How does that relate to this topic?
Tom isn't as photogenic as I am.
It was far beyond anything we expected.
Tom isn't likely to be forgiven.
How many people have been in today?
Tom isn't likely to be obedient.
It was like I was in a different place.
Tom isn't likely to be offended.
How much do you think it should be?
Tom isn't likely to be punctual.
It's going to be a wonderful adventure.
Tom isn't likely to be thrilled.
How much more involved can you get?
Tom isn't likely to be truthful.
Tom isn't romantic, but Mary is.
How much oil does Australia import?
Tom isn't the only one affected.
It's unrealistic to expect no conflict.
Tom knew there was a better way.
How on earth do we get out of this?
Tom knows nothing about anatomy.
None of this medicine tastes very good.
Tom left his children with Mary.
How was your first night in Boston?
Tom lived in a residential area.
If I'm not home, just let yourselves in.
Tom lives apart from his family.
How will the standards be enforced?
Tom lives in a residential area.
It just narrowly meets the requirements.
Tom lives in a suburb of Boston.
How will we know when we get there?
Tom looked like he was agitated.
It was a very unfortunate, tragic event.
Tom looked like he was homeless.
How would the other children react?
Tom looked like he was occupied.
It's hard to believe anything right now.
Tom looked like he was stranded.
How are things going at the gallery?
Tom looked like he was troubled.
It's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Tom looks like he's unconcerned.
How are you supposed to get to work?
Tom makes friends with everyone.
Most people don't talk about this stuff.
Tom makes us laugh all the time.
How can speaking your mind be wrong?
Tom must not find out the truth.
My mother died shortly after I was born.
Tom never gave me a second look.
How can these new technologies help?
Tom played well in the playoffs.
It can be slightly frustrating at times.
Tom pled guilty to both murders.
How can you know if it helps or not?
Tom promised Mary that he'd win.
It's easier to find work if you're a man.
Tom ran a hand through his hair.
How can you not be happy about that?
Tom reached the rank of colonel.
It's really nice to have all the support.
Tom really looked like a doctor.
How did a convicted felon get a gun?
Tom sat and waited for his food.
It's something I want to do before I die.
Tom saw his friend being beaten.
How did you decide to form the band?
Tom seemed to be unenthusiastic.
Let me think of the best way to say this.
Tom seemed very full of himself.
How do they know how many were sold?
Tom seems like he's a great guy.
Mary gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
Tom set the table for the party.
How do you handle all the attention?
Tom should drop out of the race.
My personal life is none of your concern.
Tom showed up late for practice.
How do you interpret these findings?
Tom spent more money than usual.
It would be a wonderful Christmas present.
Tom started crying hysterically.
How do you know when to stop eating?
Tom started worrying about Mary.
It's very important to drink enough water.
Tom stayed in Boston for a time.
How do you subsidize those programs?
Tom summoned Mary to his office.
New members don't always get things right.
Tom survived the brutal assault.
Tom takes forever in the shower.
That's one of the costs of doing business.
Tom teaches reading and writing.
How much of a help are your parents?
Tom tends to be late for school.
How did you manage to achieve a compromise.
Tom tied the twigs into bundles.
How much would you pay to park here?
Tom told Mary why he had to win.
How nice of you to come in on your day off.
Tom told us about his childhood.
How are we going to get the word out?
Tom tries to keep a low profile.
If the weather's bad, please don't do that.
Tom wants to learn how to shoot.
How can you turn a blind eye to that?
Tom was accompanied by a friend.
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.
Tom was all choked up about it.
How could you fire your own children?
Tom was beaming from ear to ear.
It's definitely a good time for home buyers.
Tom was born half a century ago.
How could you possibly remember that?
Tom was found alive late Monday.
It's great to be part of a community effort.
Tom was pulled over by the cops.
How did that affect your songwriting?
Tom was screaming and hollering.
It's very important to drink a lot of water.
Tom was the center of attention.
How did you vote today on the budget?
Tom was the only one left alive.
Let's ask that policeman over there the way.
Tom was waiting in the darkness.
How do people like this still exist?
Tom wasn't the first one to win.
Our eyes and ears are open, that's for sure.
Tom will be a good match for us.
How do we draw people back to Boston?
Tom will likely be found guilty.
How they did that was an utter mystery to me.
Tom will likely be undependable.
How do you assess these developments?
Tom will probably be devastated.
It's gotten to where I can't do that anymore.
Tom will probably be distracted.
How is it working out so far for you?
Tom witnessed Mary being killed.
How did you manage to survive all these years?
Tom won't be laughing very long.
How long does it take you to warm up?
Tom won't likely be disobedient.
How free you are depends on how free you feel.
Tom won't likely be intoxicated.
How many things are really permanent?
Tom's accounts have been closed.
If you have free time, let's do that together.
Tom's arrest came as a surprise.
How much did this cost the taxpayers?
Tom's body has never been found.
In this day and age, not too much surprises me.
Tom's body language said it all.
How would you describe your research?
Tom's body was badly decomposed.
It would've been wiser if you hadn't said that.
Tom's career is well documented.
How are things different on this tour?
Tom's family begged him to stay.
It's really a very valuable and needed service.
Tom's happiness was short-lived.
How are we going to be able to retire?
Tom's job in Boston is finished.
If you'll get me a cup of tea, I'll be thankful.
Tom's proposals weren't adopted.
How can you be so cheerful about this?
Tom and Mary are extremely happy.
It's only been a week since I arrived in Boston.
Tom and Mary are getting nowhere.
How could I have missed all the clues?
Tom and Mary are in need of help.
It's difficult to convict a murderer without a body.
Tom and Mary are in the same fix.
How could this happen to our children?
Tom and Mary are out of work now.
How you got three women to marry you, I'll never know.
Tom and Mary fell for each other.
How could you put me in this position?
Tom and Mary have already kissed.
Maybe you and I could get together tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary headed to her place.
How detailed will the reform plans be?
Tom and Mary headed to his place.
No matter how you do that, the results will be the same.
Tom as good as accepted my offer.
How did the photographer get so close?
Tom asked me how to deal with it.
It makes no difference whether you want to do that or not.
Tom attended the party yesterday.
How did you enjoy your time in Boston?
Tom became a very abusive person.
How much plumbers get paid is a matter of supply and demand.
Tom became angry and blamed Mary.
How do we know they weren't complicit?
Tom began practicing law in 2013.
My patients are waiting for me and I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
Tom behaved as if he were insane.
How do we measure an artist's success?
Tom came back a different person.
How could the doctors have missed it is beyond my understanding.
Tom came running down the stairs.
How do you assess the situation today?
Tom came to like the new teacher.
How much lawyers get paid is a simple matter of supply and demand.
Tom clearly hasn't done that yet.
How do you handle all of the pressure?
Tom closed his store early today.
How does this help any of the victims?
Tom closely resembles his father.
How many times have you been in rehab?
Tom continued reading the letter.
How much revenue are we talking about?
Tom could read when he was three.
How much sugar do we actually consume?
Tom could've been cited for that.
How nerve-wracking will it be for you?
Tom could've been self-conscious.
How worried are you about food safety?
Tom deliberately broke the glass.
How's that for a conversation starter?
Tom desperately needed the money.
How are we supposed to survive on this?
Tom did that as he had been told.
How can school meals be made healthier?
Tom didn't elaborate beyond that.
How can you have one without the other?
Tom didn't even worry about that.
How can you not be excited about today?
Tom didn't let Mary speak French.
How could I have forgotten my passport?
Tom didn't need to ask for money.
How did they get invited to this party?
Tom didn't see that as a problem.
How did you come up with this approach?
Tom didn't so much as look at me.
How do you hope to achieve these goals?
Tom didn't speak for a long time.
How do you pick out the best asparagus?
Tom didn't want to be part of it.
How do you tackle things that are hard?
Tom didn't want to be seen naked.
How hard is that for you to understand?
Tom didn't want to risk anything.
How long has this battle been going on?
Tom didn't want to sit near Mary.
How much damage has the oil spill done?
Tom didn't win the election.
How safe is the factory where you work?
Tom didn't wish to be identified.
How will you celebrate your homecoming?
Tom does that on a regular basis.
How could it be done without my knowing?
Tom doesn't have a team to coach.
How did they know how to make the bombs?
Tom doesn't like to be surprised.
How do we reduce the risk of the injury?
Tom doesn't seem to be exhausted.
How do you feel about cuts in education?
Tom doesn't seem to be irritated.
How do you feel about healthcare reform?
Tom doesn't seem to be miserable.
How do you know if someone is in a gang?
Tom doesn't seem to be terrified.
How does that make the situation unique?
Tom doesn't seem to be uncertain.
How far can you drive your car on empty?
Tom doesn't want to be with Mary.
How low do you think the markets can go?
Tom dropped Mary off at the mall.
How many tickets do you want to reserve?
Tom failed due to lack of effort.
How much will you give me for my guitar?
Tom finally died on October 20th.
How safe is the refinery where you work?
Tom finally got his day in court.
How will you get through the next month?
Tom gained nothing by doing that.
How are the fees your charge determined?
Tom had everything going for him.
How are you dealing with employee morale?
Tom has a big future in baseball.
How are you going to raise your children?
Tom has a terrible singing voice.
How can we make this a win-win situation?
Tom has big plans for the future.
How can you tell if someone is in a gang?
Tom has completely lost his mind.
How did I get myself into this situation?
Tom has had a couple of injuries.
How did that decision impact your career?
Tom has had no contact with Mary.
How did they get here in the first place?
Tom has hit the nail on the head.
How do you actually know that's the case?
Tom has made good choices so far.
How do you stay in such shape year-round?
Tom has made the following offer.
How do you tell when a pineapple is ripe?
Tom has only a limited time here.
How are we ever going to get the word out?
Tom has responded to our request.
How are we going to put food on the table?
Tom has the choice to stay or go.
How are you planning to get past security?
Tom has to be stranded somewhere.
How can I fix something that's not broken?
Tom has very good taste in music.
How can they stop us from going to school?
Tom hasn't been heard from since.
How come you don't look like your friends?
Tom hit the ball to the outfield.
How did you manage to hide it for so long?
Tom hoped they'd find Mary alive.
How do you get the most bang for the buck?
Tom is a happy camper these days.
How do you plan to go about changing that?
Tom is a pillar of the community.
How do you spend your time away from work?
Tom is active doing charity work.
How long have you already spent in Boston?
Tom is actually crying right now.
How safe is the food from the food trucks?
Tom is always home with the kids.
How would I know if you're married or not?
Tom is as poor as a church mouse.
How can I avoid getting bladder infections?
Tom is at home, waiting for Mary.
How can we make airplane food worth eating?
Tom is critically ill but stable.
How can we take matters into our own hands?
Tom is different from the others.
How damaging to a company is bad publicity?
Tom is dissatisfied with his job.
How excited are you about this opportunity?
Tom is doing a variety of things.
How many guns shows do they have in Boston?
Tom is excited about the concert.
How risky do you think cosmetic surgery is?
Tom is famous all over the world.
How are you coping with economic hard times?
Tom is fed up with Mary's gambling.
How can you even face me after what you did?
Tom is finally getting somewhere.
How could so many people go along with this?
Tom is going to be taken care of.
How do you explain that to your grandmother?
Tom is going to find another job.
How do you handle complaints from neighbors?
Tom is going to have so much fun.
How do you know how to speak French so well?
Tom is going to know what to say.
How has having such a big family shaped you?
Tom is going to know where to go.
How long does it normally take you to reply?
Tom is going to return home soon.
How was I supposed to know who that man was?
Tom is going to return next week.
How did the idea for this originally come up?
Tom is going to return on Monday.
How did things with your girlfriend work out?
Tom is going to stop crying soon.
How did you get yourself into this situation?
Tom is going to succeed for sure.
How has immigration changed American society?
Tom is in a coma on life support.
How has your work improved since high school?
Tom is just looking out for Mary.
How many flights to Boston do you have a day?
Tom is likely going to be afraid.
How many of these languages can you identify?
Tom is likely going to walk home.
How safe are public drinking water fountains?
Tom is likely to be found guilty.
How would you describe your management style?
Tom is likely to still be stoned.
How are we going to get past the alarm system?
Tom is looking for a housekeeper.
How could I have lost track of that much time?
Tom is missing and presumed dead.
How could I know anything about your daughter?
Tom is never going to admit that.
How dangerous are the levels of radioactivity?
Tom is no match for me in tennis.
How did you ever marry such a beautiful woman?
Tom is often accompanied by Mary.
How did you get your hands on these documents?
Tom is pleased with the decision.
How do I get permission to reprint an article?
Tom is probably going to succeed.
How do we know you're not just making this up?
Tom is really just a regular guy.
How do you decide where to focus your efforts?
Tom is right here in front of me.
How does that happen and why does that happen?
Tom is right to a certain extent.
How has research changed over the last decade?
Tom is sick, so he can't do that.
How involved are you in the editorial process?
Tom is sitting in jail right now.
How much do you know about health-care reform?
Tom is speaking French right now.
How much money do you hope to raise this year?
Tom is the one who beat Mary up.
How often do pilots get to see their families?
Tom is treading on very thin ice.
How can I expect a fair and impartial decision?
Tom is unpopular for some reason.
How can you give something that you don't have?
Tom isn't as influential as I am.
How did you wind up in that abandoned building?
Tom isn't as spontaneous as I am.
How do I know if I have lead paint in my house?
Tom isn't likely to be available.
How has business changed in the last few weeks?
Tom isn't likely to be depressed.
How has the weak dollar affected your business?
Tom isn't likely to be desperate.
How involved are you in your child's education?
Tom isn't likely to be impartial.
How long has your arm been twitching like this?
Tom isn't likely to be irritated.
How much knowledge do I need to run a business?
Tom isn't likely to be objective.
How often do you take that medicine I gave you?
Tom just didn't have enough time.
How was I supposed to know there was a problem?
Tom kindly answered my questions.
How can I dump my girlfriend on Valentine's day?
Tom knows how his dog was killed.
How can you be sure what the Bible says is true?
Tom knows that as well as anyone.
How can you not be influenced by American music?
Tom knows what our interests are.
How could you just sit there and watch them die?
Tom let us tag along for the day.
How could you possibly find this smell pleasing?
Tom lives in a three-story house.
How did you know I was going to call your bluff?
Tom looked like he was delighted.
How long does it take the FDA to approve a drug?
Tom looked like he was motivated.
How long has it been since your last confession?
Tom looks like he's discontented.
How long will it take to make the modifications?
Tom lost his glasses in the park.
How many different species of spiders are there?
Tom made us believe in ourselves.
How much has this team changed since you joined?
Tom might not make it to October.
How's this for a unique way to raise some money?
Tom must not find out about this.
How big an issue are lightning strikes to planes?
Tom needs a little more training.
How can I avoid state taxes if I retire overseas?
Tom now works at the post office.
How can something that freaks me out be so funny?
Tom only has a limited time here.
How can you feel safe without a gun in your home?
Tom posted bail and was released.
How could you possibly find this stench pleasing?
Tom put his house in Mary's name.
How did you find the time to get everything done?
Tom ran after the car, screaming.
How do we know what's the truth and what's a lie?
Tom retired to Australia in 2013.
How do you know if someone is handicapped or not?
Tom said nothing to the contrary.
How do you plan on making your mark on the world?
Tom said that didn't concern him.
How has the strong dollar affected your business?
Tom seemed pretty wasted already.
How much will this experience help you next year?
Tom seemed puzzled by the result.
How would you characterize the economy right now?
Tom seemed to be deep in thought.
How would you like to be financially independent?
Tom seems to have been forgotten.
How could that thought not have entered your head?
Tom should be fascinated by that.
How could you be sure we'd find our way back here?
Tom should be ranked a lot lower.
How could you know for certain if you never asked?
Tom should be tempted to do that.
How did you know that it would turn out like this?
Tom should retract his statement.
How do we know whether this information is correct?
Tom should've been more generous.
How do you decide what's going to be the priority?
Tom soon recovered his composure.
How do you teach yourself to not be overconfident?
Tom stayed for the entire summer.
How does inflation impact future purchasing power?
Tom stepped down in October 2013.
How involved are you in your children's education?
Tom stood gazing at the painting.
How much bigger trouble can you possibly get into?
Tom stood looking out the window.
How much of an impact did that have on the result?
Tom stood over Mary with a knife.
How will those who lost their land be compensated?
Tom stopped talking for a moment.
How are they going to be better off if taxes go up?
Tom suddenly rose from his chair.
How are you coping with the increase in gas prices?
Tom survived the horrible attack.
How are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Tom tacked something on the wall.
How can I give money anonymously to someone I know?
Tom taught Sunday school classes.
How can brown sugar be stored to prevent hardening?
Tom teaches French every morning.
How did I get into this mess, and how do I get out?
Tom testified in his own defense.
How do you know when it's time to pull the trigger?
Tom took over for Mary last week.
How do you remain competitive in this tough market?
Tom understands what's necessary.
How do you tell what's pornographic and what isn't?
Tom walked briskly down the road.
How far can you travel in three days with no money?
Tom walked quickly down the road.
How bad do you think third quarter earnings will be?
Tom wanted to make a fresh start.
How can I explain it to you so you would understand?
Tom was evidently killed by Mary.
How could someone even come up with stuff like that?
Tom was once a basketball player.
How do they decide how many hours you work per week?
Tom was sound asleep in his room.
How does a mentally ill person get that kind of job?
Tom was too flustered to do that.
How long have you been experiencing these headaches?
Tom was very impressed with Mary.
How will we all know if that goal has been achieved?
Tom wasn't very motivated to win.
How can I get the most out of my money in retirement?
Tom will be questioned on Monday.
How could it have happened any other way than it did?
Tom will do that without a doubt.
How does someone know if college is the right choice?
Tom worked as a radar technician.
How long did it take the first fire engine to arrive?
Tom worked hard to get that done.
How many times have you heard that from your parents?
Tom would never leave Mary alone.
How much money have they reinvested in the community?
Tom wound the string into a ball.
How much of an advantage is that going to be for you?
Tom wrote another check for Mary.
How would you characterize your current relationship?
Tom's body was found dismembered.
How do we know it isn't happening at this very moment?
Tom's excitement was short-lived.
How hard is it to do little things that show you care?
Tom's family is very traditional.
How much can you really learn about a job in one week?
Tom's nightmare didn't end there.
How would you feel about making some overtime tonight?
Tom's reputation has been ruined.
How can I be better financially prepared in the future?
Tom's stats are quite impressive.
How can I let my mother know how much she's hurting me?
Tom's story isn't an unusual one.
How did you manage to stay under the radar for so long?
Tom's trial date hasn't been set.
How do we cope with a tremendous amount of uncertainty?
Tom's world revolved around Mary.
How enthusiastic are you to get to work in the morning?
Tom and Mary are going to make it.
How much is Australia affected by the financial crisis?
Tom and Mary are hanging in there.
How could such a sad thing happen in such a happy place?
Tom and Mary are no longer babies.
How could they put themselves in this kind of situation?
Tom and Mary are paid by the hour.
How do we determine whether this information is correct?
Tom and Mary are praying for rain.
How can I make sure I'm not contributing to this problem?
Tom and Mary are ready for dinner.
How could a mother have abandoned a child in a trash bin?
Tom and Mary are right behind you.
How do we know you're not just going to tell them anyway?
Tom and Mary are so cute together.
How do you determine whether this information is correct?
Tom and Mary are staying together.
How do your female clients differ from your male clients?
Tom and Mary are still in custody.
How was your health prior to being diagnosed with cancer?
Tom and Mary are stuck in traffic.
How did the world's financial system get into such a mess?
Tom and Mary ended up breaking up.
How do you think that impacted what you were trying to do?
Tom and Mary seemed to hit it off.
How long were you there before the security guard arrived?
Tom and Mary share many interests.
How bad does it have to be to need to take medicine for it?
Tom and Mary soon became a couple.
How would you describe the kinds of stories that you write?
Tom and Mary were buried together.
How could someone not see a police car with flashing lights?
Tom and Mary were very supportive.
How many times have you eaten more than you know you should?
Tom became a teacher late in life.
How could someone be so stupid as to make a remark like that?
Tom began to look into the matter.
How do you always manage to call me when I'm in the bathroom?
Tom broke down and started crying.
How could I go from making a decent income to barely anything?
Tom brought his sister to meet me.
How did you come up with the idea for this show to begin with?
Tom came away impressed with Mary.
How are we going to make sure no terrorists come to our shores?
Tom can be seen in the background.
How could someone so happy and full of life want to end it all?
Tom certainly has my full support.
How do you keep from getting fingerprints all over your screen?
Tom certainly looked out for Mary.
How do you know when you've found the right person for the job?
Tom certainly put up a good fight.
How were we supposed to know that something had happened to you?
Tom convinced me of his innocence.
How much sugar do you think the average person consume every day?
Tom could make things much easier.
How come you don't play basketball with the rest of us more often?
Tom could only stare in disbelief.
How concerned are you about identity theft adversely affecting you?
Tom could sell anything to anyone.
How can people like you and me keep on hating and killing each other?
Tom could use a lesson in respect.
How can we sleep at night when there's so much suffering in the world?
Tom couldn't be reached on Monday.
How can you protect yourself from the risk of mosquito-borne illnesses?
Tom couldn't get his trousers off.
How confident are you that the bailout bill will stabilize the economy?
Tom crept on all fours like a cat.
How do you keep employees focused on their day-to-day responsibilities?
Tom declined to talk to reporters.
How are we supposed to believe any of these cases were handled properly?
Tom denied that request on Monday.
How do you rate the city manager's performance over the past three years?
Tom denied using any such tactics.
How can we expect men to be gentlemen when women themselves aren't ladies?
Tom denies using any such tactics.
How could they not have put out this fire long ago when they had a chance?
Tom did his best with what he had.
How can we protect ourselves against the stress and pressure of daily life?
Tom did just as he was instructed.
How can I be a good leader if I don't know anything about the people I'm supposed to lead?
Tom did say some important things.
We thought it was the right thing to do.
I'm sure Tom isn't happy here.
We'll have to come up with another plan.
Tom is always very busy, isn't he?
I want to spend the weekend with friends.
It's obvious Tom wants to die.
I want to understand the meaning of life.
Tom is currently a doctor.
I'll do that every day starting tomorrow.
Maybe Tom is in love with you.
That's something you shouldn't try doing.
Tom is always very nice, isn't he?
How are we supposed to survive on this much money?
You're probably wondering why I did that.
Tom is going to be around.
Your friends don't seem very intelligent.
Maybe Tom would like it there.
For the time being, let's not do anything.
Tom is always with Mary, isn't he?
I can't remember when you moved to Boston.
My guess is Tom won't do that.
I needed to do that, but I wasn't able to.
Tom is going to be asleep.
I'll be on the next flight back to Boston.
Of course, Tom goes to school.
I'm going to do a little shopping in town.
Tom is an active person, isn't he?
I'm trying to understand why that happens.
Some people are afraid of Tom.
It wasn't clear what I was supposed to do.
Tom is going to change it.
Some women think bald-headed men are sexy.
That's something Tom can't do.
You should turn yourself in to the police.
Tom is an amateur boxer, isn't he?
I first read this book when I was thirteen.
That's what Tom did yesterday.
It would probably be better not to do that.
Tom is going to come soon.
There were several adults in the room.
There weren't many adults in the room.
You boys ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
That's what Tom is paid to do.
After the meeting, let's go out for a drink.
Tom is an amazing skier, isn't he?
I think we're close to solving this problem.
That's where Tom is right now.
I waited in line for what seemed like hours.
Tom is going to eat later.
I want to know about everything you've done.
That's why Tom didn't do that.
Change the channel.
Turn the TV off.
Tell him tomorrow.
Trust me, Sami.
We both want them.
We need to negotiate.
Let's play this game.
That's what bartering means.
Some germs are good for you.
This problem won't resolve itself.
That song was very familiar.
This is not a good time to dive.
Where are the fish?
We found the fish.
We need to rescue this whale.
I forgot where I put that bucket.
Hand me the shovel.
Don't tell me you lost the shovel.
Do you want to sit there for the rest of your life?
The water level is higher on this side.
Don't worry. No harm done.
You wanted to speak to me, didn't you?
You were just doing your job.
We are adopting that girl.
Give me an adoption application form.
I need those letters.
These letters are from Sami's parents.
I keep the letters in a safety deposit box.
This is her son, Sami.
What a handsome young man!
You're gonna have a little sister.
You are going to have a little sister.
Sami was adopted into a loving home.
The Bakirs are a picture perfect family.
Sami can copy any document and make it look like the real thing.
Sami told me you were in the kitchen.
I have already told you what we had for lunch.
I will save you the trouble.
Sami Bakir is quite famous in the medical profession.
The doctor is going to be here any minute.
This boy is in fine shape.
We went to Sami's adoption ceremony.
You can now consider Layla your daughter.
The football coach will notice that Layla is a girl.
This party isn't for you.
It's not her birthday.
Could we get on with the ceremony?
Sami's arrest could never have happened without Layla's anonymous phone call.
How did you feel about all that?
Your father wants you, Sami.
Lifting these weights will make you strong.
That's what I call a bike.
The rain was falling then the ground sank.
Adding zest from lemons or oranges to cakes can give them a great flavour.
What is aventurine?
Why are you so obsessed with crystals?
My favorite crystals are clear quartz and amethyst.
What are your favorite crystals?
How many kinds of quartz are there?
Do you like Spain?
Do you like France?
Do you like Germany?
What is carnelian?
Is carnelian a flower?
I find agates really pretty.
Tom saw a leaf with many aphids on it.
Sicily is an island.
The city was surrounded by walls.
"This more, besides, I charge thee to obey, / if any faith to Helenus be due, / or skill in prophecy the seer display, / and mighty Phoebus hath inspired me true, / these warning words I urge, and oft will urge anew: / Seek Juno first; great Juno's power adore; / with suppliant gifts the potent queen constrain, / and winds shall waft thee to Italia's shore."
The city is surrounded by walls.
Florence was surrounded by walls.
There are many tourists in Rome.
There are even more tourists in Florence.
Rome is a beautiful city.
Florence is a beautiful city.
There are many beautiful churches in Rome.
His hat fell off his head.
Everyone's happy with the final design.
Everybody's happy with the final design.
Everyone wanted to be Tom's friend.
Everybody wanted to be Tom's friend.
Everyone seems to be hungry but you.
Everybody seems to be hungry but you.
Everyone seemed to be afraid but you.
Everybody seemed to be afraid but you.
Everyone says I'm a chip off the old block.
Everybody says I'm a chip off the old block.
Everyone probably thinks Tom and I are crazy.
Everybody probably thinks Tom and I are crazy.
Everyone on board died.
Everybody on board died.
Everyone must do this.
Everyone is looking forward to next year.
Everybody is looking forward to next year.
Everyone in town was stunned by Tom's death.
Everybody in town was stunned by Tom's death.
Everyone here but you has done that.
Everybody here but you has done that.
Everyone described Tom as a saint.
Everybody described Tom as a saint.
Everybody thinks Tom hasn't done that.
Everyone thinks that Tom hasn't done that.
Everyone thinks Tom hasn't done that.
Everybody thinks that Tom hasn't done that.
Everybody thinks Tom and I are a couple.
Everyone thinks that Tom and I are a couple.
Everyone thinks Tom and I are a couple.
Everybody thinks that Tom and I are a couple.
Does Tom not think he can do that?
Does Tom not think that he can do that?
Do you think that your wife is the most important person in your life?
Do you think your wife is the most important person in your life?
Do you think that your husband is the most important person in your life?
Do you think your husband is the most important person in your life?
Do you think that you could take a look?
Do you think you could take a look?
Do you think that you can sing for us?
Do you think you can sing for us?
Do you think that we're going to improve?
Do you think we're going to improve?
Do you think that we should do that over again?
Do you think we should do that over again?
Do you think that we need to do that over again?
Do you think we need to do that over again?
Do you think that Tom will really sing tonight?
Do you think Tom will really sing tonight?
Do you think that Tom will ever win?
Do you think Tom will ever win?
Do you think that Tom will come at the same time as usual?
Do you think Tom will come at the same time as usual?
Do you think that Tom will actually sing?
Do you think Tom will actually sing?
Do you think that Tom is still tense?
Do you think Tom is still tense?
Do you think that Tom is still restless?
Do you think Tom is still restless?
Do you think that Tom is still motivated?
Do you think Tom is still motivated?
Do you think that Tom is still influential?
Do you think Tom is still influential?
Do you think that Tom is still committed?
Do you think Tom is still committed?
Do you think that Tom is still active?
Do you think Tom is still active?
Do you think that Tom and I are blind?
Do you think Tom and I are blind?
Do you think that they're all that stupid?
Do you think they're all that stupid?
Do you think that the fine was fair?
Do you think the fine was fair?
Do you think that people are mean to you?
Do you think people are mean to you?
Do you think that it's time to replace it?
Do you think it's time to replace it?
Do you think that it's a fair proposition?
Do you think it's a fair proposition?
Do you think that it might hurt you?
Do you think it might hurt you?
Do you think that I need to get help?
Do you think I need to get help?
Do you think that I have no enemies?
Do you think I have no enemies?
Do you think that I ever could forget?
Do you think I ever could forget?
Do you really think Tom will be reasonable?
Do you really think that Tom will be reasonable?
Do you really think Tom was puzzled?
Do you really think that Tom was puzzled?
Do you really think Tom is weak?
Do you really think that Tom is weak?
Do you really think Tom is unkind?
Do you really think that Tom is unkind?
Do you really think Tom is unethical?
Do you really think that Tom is unethical?
Do you really think Tom is undecided?
Do you really think that Tom is undecided?
Do you really think Tom is tense?
Do you really think that Tom is tense?
Do you really think Tom is strict?
Do you really think that Tom is strict?
Do you really think Tom is strange?
Do you really think that Tom is strange?
Do you really think Tom is stranded?
Do you really think that Tom is stranded?
Do you really think Tom is stoned?
Do you really think that Tom is stoned?
Do you really think Tom is scary?
Do you really think that Tom is scary?
Do you really think Tom is resourceful?
Do you really think that Tom is resourceful?
Do you really think Tom is overworked?
Do you really think that Tom is overworked?
Do you really think Tom is overconfident?
Do you really think that Tom is overconfident?
Do you really think Tom is mean?
Do you really think that Tom is mean?
Do you really think Tom is irritated?
Do you really think that Tom is irritated?
Do you really think Tom is irresponsible?
Do you really think that Tom is irresponsible?
Do you really think Tom is irresistible?
Do you really think that Tom is irresistible?
Do you really think Tom is intrigued?
Do you really think that Tom is intrigued?
Do you really think Tom is insecure?
Do you really think that Tom is insecure?
Do you really think Tom is influential?
Do you really think that Tom is influential?
Do you really think Tom is horrified?
Do you really think that Tom is horrified?
Do you really think Tom is high?
Do you really think that Tom is high?
Do you really think Tom is helpless?
Do you really think that Tom is helpless?
Do you really think Tom is full?
Do you really think that Tom is full?
Do you really think Tom is forgetful?
Do you really think that Tom is forgetful?
Do you really think Tom is fat?
Do you really think that Tom is fat?
Do you really think Tom is fast?
Do you really think that Tom is fast?
Do you really think Tom is exhausted?
Do you really think that Tom is exhausted?
Do you really think Tom is done?
Do you really think that Tom is done?
Do you really think Tom is disorganized?
Do you really think that Tom is disorganized?
Do you really think Tom is disgusted?
Do you really think that Tom is disgusted?
Do you really think Tom is determined to do that?
Do you really think that Tom is determined to do that?
Do you really think Tom is desperate?
Do you really think that Tom is desperate?
Do you really think Tom is courageous?
Do you really think that Tom is courageous?
Do you really think Tom is blind?
Do you really think that Tom is blind?
Do you really think Tom is astonished?
Do you really think that Tom is astonished?
Do you really think Tom is amused by what's going on?
Do you really think that Tom is amused by what's going on?
Do you really think Tom is ambitious?
Do you really think that Tom is ambitious?
Do you mean you didn't see Tom win?
Do you mean that you didn't see Tom win?
Do you mean all of them do that?
Do you mean that all of them do that?
Do you doubt I can do that?
Do you doubt that I can do that?
Do you do the same with your kids?
Do you do the same with your children?
Do you believe good fences make good neighbors?
Do you believe that good fences make good neighbors?
Did you think that that was a fair move?
Did you think that was a fair move?
Did you think I was blind?
Did you think that I was blind?
Did you say that you did that?
Did you know Tom has served time in prison?
Did you know that Tom has served time in prison?
Did you know Tom couldn't win?
Did you know that Tom couldn't win?
Did you know Tom wouldn't win?
Did you know that Tom wouldn't win?
Did you know Tom would win?
Did you know that Tom would win?
Did you know Tom was going to win?
Did you know that Tom was going to win?
Did you know it was time?
Did you know that it was time?
Did you know it's not in the drawer anymore?
Did Tom tell you I was going to sing?
Did Tom tell you that I was going to sing?
Did Tom say he was going to sing?
Did Tom say that he was going to sing?
Did Tom give a gun to Mary?
Cut off Tom's hair.
Cut Tom's hair off.
Check out that girl.
Check that girl out.
Are you saying this isn't the case?
Are you saying that this isn't the case?
Are you saying you aren't going?
Are you saying that you aren't going?
Are you afraid you'll be left behind?
Are you afraid that you'll be left behind?
Are you absolutely sure Tom has died?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom has died?
Aren't you afraid you'll be left behind?
Aren't you afraid that you'll be left behind?
Are you certain Tom ate?
Are you certain that Tom ate?
Tom always wants to control everyone.
Tom always wants to control everybody.
Tom always says everything is my fault.
Tom always says that everything is my fault.
Tom always says everything is Mary's fault.
Tom always says that everything is Mary's fault.
Tom allowed the cops to search his car.
Tom allowed the police to search his car.
Tom admitted he'd been disrespectful.
Tom admitted that he'd been disrespectful.
Tom admitted he wasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom admitted that he wasn't yet finished doing that.
Tom admitted he wasn't perfect.
Tom admitted that he wasn't perfect.
Tom admitted he wasn't impartial.
Tom admitted that he wasn't impartial.
Tom admitted he wasn't certain.
Tom admitted that he wasn't certain.
Tom admitted he wasn't brave.
Tom admitted that he wasn't brave.
Tom admitted he was weak.
Tom admitted that he was weak.
Tom admitted he was unemployed.
Tom admitted that he was unemployed.
Tom admitted he was undependable.
Tom admitted that he was undependable.
Tom admitted he was uncertain.
Tom admitted that he was uncertain.
Tom admitted he was troubled.
Tom admitted that he was troubled.
Tom admitted he was suspicious.
Tom admitted that he was suspicious.
Tom admitted he was starved.
Tom admitted that he was starved.
Tom admitted he was skeptical.
Tom admitted that he was skeptical.
Tom admitted he was sick.
Tom admitted that he was sick.
Tom admitted he was selfish.
Tom admitted that he was selfish.
Tom admitted he was overweight.
Tom admitted that he was overweight.
Tom admitted he was married.
Tom admitted that he was married.
Tom admitted he was lost.
Tom admitted that he was lost.
Tom admitted he was intrigued.
Tom admitted that he was intrigued.
Tom admitted he was hungry.
Tom admitted that he was hungry.
Tom admitted he was frustrated.
Tom admitted that he was frustrated.
Tom admitted he was famished.
Tom admitted that he was famished.
Tom admitted he was divorced.
Tom admitted that he was divorced.
Tom admitted he was disorganized.
Tom admitted that he was disorganized.
Tom admitted he was disappointed.
Tom admitted that he was disappointed.
Tom admitted he was desperate.
Tom admitted that he was desperate.
Tom admitted he didn't cry.
Tom admitted that he didn't cry.
Tom admitted he had assaulted his wife.
Tom admitted that he had assaulted his wife.
I know that you were just doing your job.
Have you ever googled yourself?
Tom didn't seem particularly interested in that Gibson guitar we have hanging on the back wall of the shop.
Tom seemed to be more interested in getting things done than in getting things done right.
Tom is likely going to be depressed when he sees how much paperwork remains to be done.
Tom gave Mary almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
Tom seemed more interested in getting things done than in getting things done right.
Tom and Mary broke up three months ago, but he's still carrying a torch for her.
Tom and Mary broke up three months ago, but she's still in love with him.
Tom seems so sure of himself, but actually he has doubts and fears, too.
Tom seemed to be more interested in making money than in helping others.
Tom and Mary broke up three months ago, but he's still in love with her.
Tom was a good foot taller than me when we were in junior high school.
Tom heard a commotion in the next room and wondered what was going on.
Tom looked around the garage to see if he could find anything useful.
Tom killed himself by jumping off the roof of his apartment building.
Tom figured it would be easier to do that the way Mary was doing it.
Tom probably couldn't do that, because he didn't have enough money.
Tom yanked open the desk drawer and reached inside for his pistol.
Tom and Mary like to get together once a week to shoot the breeze.
Tom and I aren't getting along very well with each other nowadays.
Tom pulled his knees up to his chest and rested his chin on them.
Tom has been taken to the police station for further questioning.
Tom and I love each other and that's the only thing that matters.
Tom and I have been on bad terms with each other for a long time.
Tom tossed the gun he shot Mary with in his neighbor's backyard.
Tom probably couldn't do that, because he didn't have any money.
Tom locked his son in a closet without food or water for a week.
Tom is likely going to be discharged from the hospital tomorrow.
Tom is going to be talking to Mary about that when he gets here.
Tom and Mary like to get together once or twice a month to talk.
Tom overheard both sides of Mary and John's phone conversation.
Tom isn't the type of person to just sit around and do nothing.
Tom is probably going to be interested in seeing your pictures.
Tom and Mary are saving up so their children can go to college.
Tom and Mary are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
Tom is likely going to be punished for eating all the cookies.
Tom hit a speed bump going a little too fast and lost control.
Tom and I need to learn to communicate with each other better.
Tom is probably going to just let Mary cry herself to sleep.
Tom doesn't seem to be as temperamental as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sophisticated as Mary seems to be.
Tom asked Mary to marry him three times before she said yes.
Tom and Mary are going to have a party to welcome John home.
Tom wore a black ski mask, a black jacket and black gloves.
Tom took care of Mary while her mother was in the hospital.
Tom stood on the edge of the cliff, looking out at the sea.
Tom spent about three years living with an Amazonian tribe.
Tom is probably going to be retired by this time next year.
Tom is likely going to be too busy to eat until after 2:30.
Tom buried his face in his hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
Tom and Mary decided to go on a date together next weekend.
Tom and I need each other more now than we ever did before.
Tom, who speaks French and English, works as a tour guide.
Tom's preference for classical music isn't shared by Mary.
Tom was placed in foster care when he was three years old.
Tom is mad at me because he thinks I stole his girlfriend.
Tom doesn't like being the one responsible for doing that.
Tom did that in spite of the fact that he promised not to.
Tom was afraid he might not be able to do that correctly.
Tom doesn't seem to be as infuriated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as inflexible as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as indecisive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as headstrong as Mary seems to be.
Tom didn't want to spend his money on unnecessary things.
Tom didn't seem to be as infuriated as Mary seemed to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as indecisive as Mary seemed to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as headstrong as Mary seemed to be.
Tom could've been furious, but if he was, he hid it well.
Tom and his accomplice were armed with an assault rifles.
Tom was the last person I was expecting to see in there.
Tom was found safe and sound at his grandmother's house.
Tom was blindfolded and put in the back seat of the car.
Tom walked up the three flights of stairs to his office.
Tom told Mary that she would be excused from doing that.
Tom smothered Mary with a pillow while she was sleeping.
Tom shot Mary then tried to make it look like a suicide.
Tom is too stingy to ever consider donating money to us.
Tom is likely to be making more money than me this year.
Tom invited Mary over to his apartment to watch a movie.
Tom has requested that he be allowed to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sensitive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as secretive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resilient as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obsessive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fanatical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't have the strength to carry his own suitcase.
Tom didn't seem to be as obsessive as Mary seemed to be.
Tom could've been embarrassed, but I don't think he was.
Tom will likely be making more money than me this year.
Tom wasn't walking too fast for Mary catch up with him.
Tom threw up before the play because he was so nervous.
Tom stood over there for a long time, waiting for Mary.
Tom soon found out how tough it was to live on his own.
Tom smiled at me with a strange expression on his face.
Tom invited Mary to his party, but he didn't invite me.
Tom doesn't seem to be as restless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fearless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as deranged as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as arrogant as Mary seems to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as restless as Mary seemed to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as fearless as Mary seemed to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as arrogant as Mary seemed to be.
Tom didn't have the strength to carry his own suitcase.
Tom didn't even stick around to give me an explanation.
Tom couldn't have despised Mary as much as John thinks.
Tom could've been upset, but if he was, he hid it well.
Tom and Mary surprised us all when they went to Boston.
Tom and Mary are sitting at the bar waiting for drinks.
Tom was saying he'd do that or do something like that.
Tom was brought to the police station for questioning.
Tom is probably going to be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom is probably going to be impressed by what you did.
Tom is probably going to be amused by what's going on.
Tom is preparing for his audition at the conservatory.
Tom is likely going to be difficult to get along with.
Tom has seen more than his share of traffic accidents.
Tom doesn't seem to be the one most likely to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as radical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as devious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't know what made him think he could do that.
Tom didn't seem to be as radical as Mary seemed to be.
Tom and Mary quarreled, but they made up the next day.
Tom and I love each other and that's all that matters.
Tom won't likely be as broke as he'll tell you he is.
Tom still depends on his parents for living expenses.
Tom sat alone in his office, considering his options.
Tom probably thought I wouldn't feel like doing that.
Tom knows exactly what it takes to be a good soldier.
Tom doesn't want to do that without the proper tools.
Tom doesn't want to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as creepy as Mary seems to be.
Tom didn't seem to be as creepy as Mary seemed to be.
Tom could've been heartbroken, but he didn't show it.
Tom climbed on the roof and looked out over the town.
Tom and Mary have been going steady for three months.
Tom and I have the same father but different mothers.
Tom was desperate to stay one step ahead of the law.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to listen to suggestions.
Tom isn't the only one who can take care of himself.
Tom is probably going to be irritated by that noise.
Tom is likely to still be unenthusiastic about that.
Tom is likely to still be amused by what's going on.
Tom is aware that it was you who had sent the money.
Tom has asked that he be allowed to go to Australia.
Tom actually looked interested in what I'd told him.
Tom's company didn't have the resources to do that.
Tom would be grateful if you could do that for him.
Tom went to Boston, where he stayed for three week.
Tom went to Boston, where he lived for three years.
Tom was sentenced to three years in a state prison.
Tom spends most of his free time playing the banjo.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to testify against Mary.
Tom likely won't laugh when you tell him that joke.
Tom is probably going to be convicted and executed.
Tom is likely going to be punished for what he did.
Tom is likely going to be concerned about the cost.
Tom is going to look like an idiot if he does that.
Tom got tired of lying and began telling the truth.
Tom doesn't seem to be reluctant to do that for us.
Tom came out of the garden with a bunch of flowers.
Tom and Mary aren't able to support their children.
Tom will do almost anything to avoid being caught.
Tom shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
Tom is likely going to be tired when he gets home.
Tom is a father of three with one more on the way.
Tom had no sooner done that than it began to rain.
Tom didn't seem to be reluctant to do that for us.
Tom and Mary went to Boston and got married there.
Tom and I reached the front door at the same time.
Tom and I are finally talking to each other again.
Tom's problems became too overwhelming to manage.
Tom should've walked away when he had the chance.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to tackle the problem.
Tom saw a car pull up and wondered who was in it.
Tom returned to Boston after one week in Chicago.
Tom looked at me as if there was something wrong.
Tom isn't likely to be amused by what's going on.
Tom is probably going to be charged with perjury.
Tom is probably going to be annoyed by the smell.
Tom is going to be staying with you in your room.
Tom has had three wives. They were all Canadians.
Tom doesn't need Mary to tell him how to do that.
Tom doesn't have enough strength to pick Mary up.
Tom built a new house for himself and his family.
Tom and Mary will be playing tennis this weekend.
Tom and I stared at each other for a few moments.
Tom and I know each other, but not all that well.
Tom's kids were at school when he shot his wife.
Tom's friendship means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Tom would do just about anything to please Mary.
Tom will probably be famished when he gets home.
Tom was surrounded by a gang of armed attackers.
Tom was popular with both students and teachers.
Tom usually just lets Mary cry herself to sleep.
Tom shook his head as he walked out of the room.
Tom is worried about what's happening in Europe.
Tom is probably going to be sensible about that.
Tom is probably going to be called as a witness.
Tom is going to play golf next Monday with Mary.
Tom doesn't like to be the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't know what possessed Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't have the courage to do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to sing, but they made him sing.
Tom didn't need Mary to tell him how to do that.
Tom convinced me that nothing much had happened.
Tom and Mary spent a romantic weekend in Boston.
Tom and Mary have lost control of the situation.
Tom and Mary fell madly in love with each other.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to your coming.
Tom and I are growing further and further apart.
Tom will return to Boston the following Monday.
Tom will be staying over at a friend's tonight.
Tom was the first one to pay attention to Mary.
Tom was blindfolded and taken out of his house.
Tom was afraid he might not be able to do that.
Tom stated emphatically that he didn't do that.
Tom should take the money they're offering him.
Tom sent both of his sons to a boarding school.
Tom seemed to be in more pain than anyone else.
Tom seemed to be about to ask another question.
Tom is scheduled to leave for Boston on Monday.
Tom is likely going to be gone for three hours.
Tom finally accomplished what he set out to do.
Tom doesn't seem to want that as badly as I do.
Tom doesn't seem to have everything sorted out.
Tom doesn't like to be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't consider Mary to be his girlfriend.
Tom disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
Tom didn't seem to want that as badly as I did.
Tom didn't seem to think we were in any danger.
Tom denied any responsibility for the accident.
Tom chose to live in Boston instead of Chicago.
Tom can't do that in the amount of time he has.
Tom and Mary soon started hanging out together.
Tom and Mary are still investigating the cause.
Tom and Mary are excited about the opportunity.
Tom and I need to take a break from each other.
Tom's body was found in a pond on Mary's farm.
Tom works long hours and comes home exhausted.
Tom won't likely be troubled by what happened.
Tom will be there for Mary when she needs him.
Tom was lonely and wanted somebody to talk to.
Tom seemed to speak French better than before.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to lower the price.
Tom saw a car pull up and wondered who it was.
Tom reported that his bicycle had been stolen.
Tom met the same fate as the rest of the crew.
Tom knows how painful a sprained ankle can be.
Tom isn't as determined to do that as Mary is.
Tom is suspected of killing a woman in Boston.
Tom inherited the bulk of his father's estate.
Tom doesn't want to get into a shouting match.
Tom doesn't have the nerve to do that anymore.
Tom didn't seem to have everything sorted out.
Tom didn't seem reluctant to do that for Mary.
Tom did the right thing and called the police.
Tom did that out of the goodness of his heart.
Tom came to Boston in order to build a museum.
Tom came over and asked if Mary and I were OK.
Tom and Mary have put their differences aside.
Tom and I don't usually enjoy the same things.
Tom abandoned his car on the side of the road.
Tom's death was a huge blow to the community.
Tom would never laugh at something like that.
Tom will probably still be irritated by that.
Tom will probably still be afraid to do that.
Tom will likely be amused by what's going on.
Tom took responsibility for what he had done.
Tom should've been troubled by what happened.
Tom seemed to be running away from something.
Tom recovered physically but not emotionally.
Tom is never going to forget Mary's kindness.
Tom is likely to still be stranded somewhere.
Tom is going to leave for Australia tomorrow.
Tom initially thought Mary was John's sister.
Tom has been dating a lot of different women.
Tom has been brought back in for questioning.
Tom fled the scene before the police arrived.
Tom escaped with only a few cuts and bruises.
Tom entered the dark room without hesitation.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing a very good job.
Tom doesn't seem to be as thoughtful as Mary.
Tom doesn't read any books, except textbooks.
Tom didn't want to risk losing all his money.
Tom didn't seem to be aware of what Mary did.
Tom didn't seem satisfied with Mary's answer.
Tom didn't have the nerve to do that anymore.
Tom did some work in the yard this afternoon.
Tom couldn't afford a proper burial for Mary.
Tom cleaned his apartment from top to bottom.
Tom began working part-time at a supermarket.
Tom and Mary are painting the fence tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are meeting to discuss strategy.
Tom and Mary are looking for more volunteers.
Tom and Mary are hoping for something better.
Tom and Mary are getting ahead of themselves.
Tom and I were inseparable when we were kids.
Tom and I are a perfect match for each other.
Tom took a deep breath and started to speak.
Tom spent the next three years in Australia.
Tom spent his entire adult life behind bars.
Tom should've been executed a long time ago.
Tom seemed to know quite lot about baseball.
Tom seemed to be somewhat unsure of himself.
Tom seemed to be quite pleased with himself.
Tom said something to Mary under his breath.
Tom picked up some take-out on his way home.
Tom isn't as materialistic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as conscientious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as compassionate as he used to be.
Tom is out there somewhere alone and scared.
Tom is managing the business for his father.
Tom is in the kitchen, heating up leftovers.
Tom has seen his share of traffic accidents.
Tom has made many friends since he got here.
Tom grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
Tom found a cave not too far from the beach.
Tom doesn't seem to be unwilling to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be desperate to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obsessive as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem in the best of moods today.
Tom didn't seem to be doing a very good job.
Tom didn't plan on having a fight with Mary.
Tom didn't know how to express his feelings.
Tom could tell that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom and Mary were too scared to do anything.
Tom and Mary aren't going anywhere together.
Tom and I don't have anything to talk about.
Tom's wife criticized his parenting skills.
Tom's body was found floating in the river.
Tom was smiling as if nothing had happened.
Tom took over the business from his father.
Tom struggled to keep his head above water.
Tom spends most of his free time with Mary.
Tom showered Mary with gifts and affection.
Tom seemed to be very pleased with himself.
Tom seemed to be trying to stir up trouble.
Tom seemed to be trying to get Mary to cry.
Tom saw Mary wearing a bikini on the beach.
Tom received a number of letters from Mary.
Tom pressed his cheek against Mary's cheek.
Tom needs to be brought in for questioning.
Tom made good use of the money we gave him.
Tom killed himself by jumping off a bridge.
Tom isn't as determined to do that as I am.
Tom isn't as conservative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as cantankerous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as affectionate as he used to be.
Tom is the sole breadwinner for the family.
Tom is responding really well to treatment.
Tom is reading either a book or a magazine.
Tom is likely to still be troubled by that.
Tom hoped that Mary would attend his party.
Tom has three months of rehab ahead of him.
Tom has spent most of his life behind bars.
Tom has been on a ventilator since October.
Tom had a surprised expression on his face.
Tom got his children ready to go to school.
Tom expected yesterday to be a regular day.
Tom didn't seem to know a lot about Boston.
Tom didn't seem to be unwilling to do that.
Tom didn't seem to be desperate to do that.
Tom didn't seem like an ordinary guy to me.
Tom definitely doesn't deserve to be fired.
Tom could've been interested in doing that.
Tom could do that now if you wanted him to.
Tom could be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom asked Mary to spend some time with him.
Tom and Mary have ended their relationship.
Tom and Mary have been charged with murder.
Tom and Mary aren't on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary are trying to build something.
Tom and Mary are treading on very thin ice.
Tom and Mary are pleased with the decision.
Tom and Mary are looking for a housekeeper.
Tom and Mary are in this for the long haul.
Tom and Mary are hoping for a good outcome.
Tom and Mary are always home with the kids.
Tom and I weren't able to defend ourselves.
Tom Jackson is up for reelection next year.
Tom's voice expressed the utmost contempt.
Tom's trial is scheduled for October 20th.
Tom worked alongside Mary for three years.
Tom will probably be available after 2:30.
Tom went to see the newly completed hotel.
Tom was too frightened to tell his father.
Tom was standing there, holding a machete.
Tom was called in to defuse the situation.
Tom was beaten within an inch of his life.
Tom seemed to be unfazed by what Mary did.
Tom put his umbrella in the umbrella rack.
Tom probably arrived home before midnight.
Tom made a clucking sound with his tongue.
Tom looks like he's determined to do that.
Tom knew Mary no longer wanted to do that.
Tom isn't as trustworthy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as thickheaded as he used to be.
Tom isn't as resourceful as he used to be.
Tom is obliged to at least try to do that.
Tom is going to pay for what he did to us.
Tom has posted bail and has been released.
Tom grew up in the worst part of the city.
Tom gave Mary the option to come with him.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy teaching French.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy studying French.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy speaking French.
Tom doesn't know, but I think he suspects.
Tom didn't need to know where I was going.
Tom didn't get here until the last minute.
Tom declined our request for an interview.
Tom cussed me out for having lied to Mary.
Tom could've been outside listening to us.
Tom could get Mary to do anything for him.
Tom and Mary will both attend the wedding.
Tom and Mary were hoping for some privacy.
Tom and Mary are trying to make something.
Tom and Mary are suspicious of each other.
Tom and Mary are just about finished here.
Tom and Mary are going to play basketball.
Tom and Mary are calling me. I have to go.
Tom and I understand each other perfectly.
Tom and I need to buy ourselves more time.
Tom and I have a complicated relationship.
Tom and I didn't go to the dance together.
Tom and I became dependent on one another.
Tom and I aren't able to defend ourselves.
Tom and I are no longer on speaking terms.
Tom agonized over that decision for hours.
Tom acted as if he didn't know what to do.
Tom's mother was a strict disciplinarian.
Tom wouldn't care if Mary didn't do that.
Tom will be very sorry he didn't do that.
Tom was the star witness in Mary's trial.
Tom was made to do that against his will.
Tom was glad Mary didn't do that for him.
Tom was careful not to attract attention.
Tom thought that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom still speaks French almost every day.
Tom still hasn't accepted responsibility.
Tom stepped forward to shake Mary's hand.
Tom spends most of his free time reading.
Tom shifted his weight from foot to foot.
Tom seemed to need to go to the bathroom.
Tom seemed to have been rich at one time.
Tom seemed to be trying to start a fight.
Tom seemed to be more annoyed than angry.
Tom sat silently as Mary and John argued.
Tom said he was wondering the same thing.
Tom received a lung transplant on Monday.
Tom ran to his father and gave him a hug.
Tom must stay in bed for a few more days.
Tom might've cried, but I don't think so.
Tom lost no time in writing back to Mary.
Tom keeps a gun in his glove compartment.
Tom isn't aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom isn't as diplomatic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as delusional as he used to be.
Tom isn't as courageous as he used to be.
Tom is never going to let Mary win again.
Tom is looking for a house with a garage.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's not tired.
Tom is going to tell Mary he isn't tired.
Tom is going to be scolded by his father.
Tom identified Mary's body at the morgue.
Tom heard Mary singing his favorite song.
Tom grew up listening to classical music.
Tom ended the season with thirteen goals.
Tom doesn't know every trick in the book.
Tom doesn't have to do that, but he does.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy teaching French.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy studying French.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy speaking French.
Tom didn't seem like a nice guy at first.
Tom didn't know what would happen to him.
Tom did that and says he'd do that again.
Tom could be obstinate from time to time.
Tom could be difficult to get along with.
Tom chose baseball instead of basketball.
Tom and Mary's marriage is falling apart.
Tom and Mary bravely defended themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let this go.
Tom and Mary aren't going to accept that.
Tom and Mary are just along for the ride.
Tom and Mary are in it for the long haul.
Tom and Mary are going through a divorce.
Tom and I played together almost all day.
Tom and I lie to each other all the time.
Tom and I insult each other all the time.
Tom and I have to take care of ourselves.
Tom and I have the same group of friends.
Tom and I danced together all night long.
Tom and I are always doing that together.
Tom and I amused ourselves playing cards.
Tom's nightmare was only just beginning.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary didn't win.
Tom will do that if you tell him how to.
Tom went to the church to pray for Mary.
Tom was really angry with me, wasn't he?
Tom was fired from his job for stealing.
Tom wants to learn how to shoot a rifle.
Tom still has three more years to serve.
Tom stabbed Mary while she was sleeping.
Tom sleeps in the basement of his store.
Tom served nearly three years in prison.
Tom served as a trustee for three years.
Tom seemed to be holding something back.
Tom scolded his children for being lazy.
Tom recorded his conversation with Mary.
Tom put his heart and soul into his job.
Tom paid an early morning visit to Mary.
Tom looks happy whenever he's with Mary.
Tom looked at the stranger suspiciously.
Tom left the company after thirty years.
Tom isn't as secretive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as obsessive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as observant as he used to be.
Tom isn't as important as he used to be.
Tom isn't as courteous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as committed as he used to be.
Tom isn't as attentive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as ambitious as he used to be.
Tom is very passionate about basketball.
Tom is staying over at a friend's house.
Tom is likely to be sensible about that.
Tom is going to be here within the hour.
Tom is glad this all worked out so well.
Tom has discovered Mary's true identity.
Tom has been on the run for three years.
Tom has agreed to take a polygraph test.
Tom dropped Mary off at her mom's house.
Tom does that just for the thrill of it.
Tom didn't even know that Mary had gone.
Tom did whatever he could to make money.
Tom did his best never to think of Mary.
Tom depended on his parents for support.
Tom certainly has the skills to do that.
Tom caught his first fish in this river.
Tom can't imagine his life without Mary.
Tom and Mary were upset with each other.
Tom and Mary went bar hopping in Boston.
Tom and Mary took a walk in the evening.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston together.
Tom and Mary have finally been reunited.
Tom and Mary have all kinds of problems.
Tom and Mary had a strange relationship.
Tom and Mary aren't going to lie to you.
Tom and Mary are trying to do something.
Tom and Mary are still working that out.
Tom and Mary are still paying attention.
Tom and Mary are starting to get it now.
Tom and Mary are safe, at least for now.
Tom and Mary are just a phone call away.
Tom and Mary are in this thing together.
Tom and Mary are here to finish the job.
Tom and Mary are glad it all worked out.
Tom and Mary are better off without you.
Tom and I finish each other's sentences.
Tom and I arranged to meet in the lobby.
Tom accused Mary of stealing his wallet.
Tom wouldn't like it if you didn't win.
Tom withheld the information from Mary.
Tom will likely be sensible about that.
Tom wasn't thinking about his children.
Tom wasn't dressed like the other guys.
Tom was supposed to receive some money.
Tom was sent away to a mental hospital.
Tom was seen on October 20th in Boston.
Tom was itching for a fight that night.
Tom was irresponsible, but Mary wasn't.
Tom tried to figure out where Mary was.
Tom told Mary to follow him downstairs.
Tom starts college this week in Boston.
Tom stared at Mary with his mouth open.
Tom slept in the basement of his store.
Tom showed up at Mary's home uninvited.
Tom should've taken the money and left.
Tom should've been hesitant to do that.
Tom served in the Army for three years.
Tom seemed to be puzzled by the result.
Tom seemed to be afraid to fall asleep.
Tom says that he's very sorry for that.
Tom said he'd try a different approach.
Tom remains active in the organization.
Tom poisoned his neighbor's dog's food.
Tom miraculously survived the accident.
Tom managed to make it home by himself.
Tom left most of his belongings behind.
Tom isn't going to be able to call you.
Tom isn't as studious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as romantic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as reserved as he used to be.
Tom isn't as reckless as he used to be.
Tom isn't as outgoing as he used to be.
Tom isn't as homesick as he used to be.
Tom isn't as handsome as he used to be.
Tom isn't as athletic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as arrogant as he used to be.
Tom is waiting for Mary to pick him up.
Tom is too fat to fit into those jeans.
Tom is on pretty shaky ground as it is.
Tom is never going to believe me again.
Tom is likely to still be disorganized.
Tom is likely to be stranded somewhere.
Tom is likely to be fascinated by that.
Tom is just about finished for the day.
Tom is hovering between life and death.
Tom is going to be stubborn about that.
Tom is going to be sarcastic as always.
Tom is eating breakfast in the kitchen.
Tom is determined to save his marriage.
Tom is desperately trying to save Mary.
Tom is dealing with an alcohol problem.
Tom is an honest, straight-forward guy.
Tom hasn't taken the witness stand yet.
Tom hasn't been very productive so far.
Tom has put me in a difficult position.
Tom has only a small sum of money left.
Tom has no intentions of marrying Mary.
Tom has been in office for three years.
Tom has been doing a variety of things.
Tom has been a widower for three years.
Tom has a gun in his glove compartment.
Tom got three of the items on the list.
Tom found Mary's story hard to swallow.
Tom explained his bizarre theory to me.
Tom doesn't seem to find that annoying.
Tom doesn't need Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't leave the house very often.
Tom doesn't know what'll happen to him.
Tom doesn't have to explain everything.
Tom doesn't have any women in his life.
Tom doesn't have a successful business.
Tom doesn't believe you didn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to know what he wanted.
Tom didn't report Mary's disappearance.
Tom did nothing to correct his mistake.
Tom decided to do that for two reasons.
Tom couldn't resist flirting with Mary.
Tom could be troubled by what happened.
Tom could be amused by what's going on.
Tom convinced Mary to give him her gun.
Tom canceled his life insurance policy.
Tom can both speak and write in French.
Tom came home that night extremely ill.
Tom burst into tears and left the room.
Tom broke the devastating news to Mary.
Tom broke off his engagement with Mary.
Tom bound Mary's hands behind her back.
Tom behaved as if nothing had happened.
Tom began working part-time at the gym.
Tom became a professional poker player.
Tom answered the phone and it was Mary.
Tom and Mary wanted to remain together.
Tom and Mary have a rocky relationship.
Tom and Mary are determined to push on.
Tom and Mary are completely against it.
Tom and Mary are cleaning up this area.
Tom and I need a break from each other.
Tom and I fell in love with each other.
Tom and I failed to reach an agreement.
Tom and I don't exactly see eye to eye.
Tom always tries to make things better.
Tom's trial is set to start on Monday.
Tom's house is located on Park Street.
Tom's first marriage ended in divorce.
Tom's body was found three days later.
Tom's body was found in an open field.
Tom's birthday was always a big event.
Tom wouldn't like it if we didn't win.
Tom will take a look at that tomorrow.
Tom will never become a good musician.
Tom will likely be fascinated by that.
Tom went up the stairs to his bedroom.
Tom waved for help to passing drivers.
Tom wasn't waiting for me to help him.
Tom wasn't prepared for that response.
Tom wasn't just an innocent bystander.
Tom was right not to agree to do that.
Tom was reading and Mary was painting.
Tom was never very interested in that.
Tom was moving as quickly as he could.
Tom was immediately attracted to Mary.
Tom was convicted of killing his wife.
Tom unloaded his tools from his truck.
Tom took back what he said about Mary.
Tom takes cooking lessons once a week.
Tom takes Mary's kindness for granted.
Tom struck out three and walked three.
Tom stole all the money he could find.
Tom stashed his weapons in his garage.
Tom shows up every day and works hard.
Tom seemed very warm and kind-hearted.
Tom seemed to have his wits about him.
Tom saw Mary in a bikini on the beach.
Tom returned after one week in Boston.
Tom received a call from the hospital.
Tom promised Mary that he'd marry her.
Tom probably didn't do that yesterday.
Tom posted pictures of himself online.
Tom picked up right where he left off.
Tom needs to get away from his mother.
Tom looked down into the valley below.
Tom lives as if he were a millionaire.
Tom isn't one of us and never will be.
Tom isn't conscious of his own faults.
Tom isn't as wealthy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as violent as he used to be.
Tom isn't as unlucky as he used to be.
Tom isn't as foolish as he used to be.
Tom isn't as energetic as he once was.
Tom isn't as cynical as he used to be.
Tom isn't as callous as he used to be.
Tom is worried his money will run out.
Tom is very old and needs to sit down.
Tom is very amused by what's going on.
