Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia.
One of us has to go to Australia next week.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Tell me where I can buy a map of Australia.
Tom wanted to come to Australia with us.
There's actually plenty to do in Australia.
Tom wanted his son to live in Australia.
Maybe we should go to Australia next summer.
Tom used to be a chauffeur in Australia.
None of my children want to go to Australia.
Tom took a lot of pictures in Australia.
Please tell me about your trip to Australia.
Tom told us about his life in Australia.
Something strange is happening in Australia.
Tom told me about his trip to Australia.
The girl I told you about is from Australia.
Tom still has many friends in Australia.
There are many places to visit in Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.
A number of famous artists live in Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for three weeks.
Neither of us were in Australia at that time.
Tom sent Mary a postcard from Australia.
Please show me where Australia is on the map.
Tom was born and educated in Australia.
Tell me who you plan to go to Australia with.
Tom wants to come with us to Australia.
That's why you came back to Australia, right?
Tom wants to come to Australia with us.
The history of Australia is very interesting.
Tom wanted to buy a house in Australia.
My family and I moved to Australia last month.
Tom stayed in Australia for the summer.
My family moved to Australia when I was three.
Tom wants to buy a house in Australia.
My father won't let my sister go to Australia.
Tom wanted to go to Australia with us.
Perhaps I shouldn't go to Australia this year.
Tom urged Mary to return to Australia.
Something bad happened in Australia yesterday.
Tom took Mary to Australia for a week.
The last time I went to Australia was in 2013.
Tom stayed in Australia until October.
The same thing is happening here in Australia.
Tom has told me a lot about Australia.
This is our first Christmas here in Australia.
Tom was born and raised in Australia.
Maybe I can go to Australia with you next year.
Tom wants me to go back to Australia.
My brothers and sisters are still in Australia.
Tom wanted to move back to Australia.
None of my friends have ever been to Australia.
Tom wanted Mary to come to Australia.
One of my classmates used to live in Australia.
Tom still has an office in Australia.
Please let me know when you'll be in Australia.
Sooner or later, I'll probably visit Australia.
Tom wants to move back to Australia.
That must've happened while I was in Australia.
Tom wanted to get back to Australia.
That's why you came back from Australia, right?
Tom took many pictures in Australia.
This is one of the oldest schools in Australia.
Tom sure does go to Australia a lot.
Mary is one of the prettiest women in Australia.
Tom still hasn't moved to Australia.
The first half of the story is set in Australia.
Tom stayed in Australia for a while.
There are many Chinese restaurants in Australia.
Tom wanted to go back to Australia.
We talked about what was happening in Australia.
Tom wanted to get out of Australia.
We used to go to Australia at least once a year.
Tom volunteered to go to Australia.
We'll probably be in Australia for three months.
Tom still wants to go to Australia.
We've all lived in Australia since we were born.
Tom still has a house in Australia.
What do you usually do when you go to Australia?
Tom stayed in Australia for a time.
You always said you wanted to live in Australia.
Tom was born in Australia in 2013.
You could go back to Australia if you wanted to.
Tom was born in in Australia.
You stayed in Australia for a while, didn't you?
Tom wants to go back to Australia.
You were in Australia at that time, weren't you?
Tom wants me to move to Australia.
You're the only person I know here in Australia.
Tom wants me to come to Australia.
You've never been to Australia before, have you?
Tom wanted to return to Australia.
Most of the people I know live here in Australia.
Tom used to often go to Australia.
Next year's conference will be held in Australia.
Tom used to go to Australia a lot.
Something strange is happening here in Australia.
Tom told me a lot about Australia.
The last time I went to Australia was in October.
Tom stayed in Australia last year.
There are a lot of good restaurants in Australia.
Tom wants to return to Australia.
We arrived in Australia the day before yesterday.
Tom wanted to study in Australia.
We won't be going back to Australia anytime soon.
Tom visited Australia last month.
We've been having a lot of fun here in Australia.
Tom told me to come to Australia.
When do you think you're going to Australia next?
Tom sure goes to Australia a lot.
Why didn't you let me know you were in Australia?
Tom still has to go to Australia.
You aren't taking that job in Australia, are you?
Tom wants to study in Australia.
You don't seem to know very much about Australia.
Tom wanted to stay in Australia.
You haven't lived in Australia as long as I have.
Tom wanted to move to Australia.
You should really come and visit us in Australia.
Tom wanted to live in Australia.
You're going to Australia next month, aren't you?
Tom wanted to come to Australia.
You're not taking that job in Australia, are you?
Tom visited Australia last year.
Maybe I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
Tom teaches French in Australia.
My flight back to Australia leaves in three hours.
Tom talks about Australia a lot.
The band that's playing tonight is from Australia.
Tom met Mary in Australia.
The last time I was in Australia was last October.
Tom was born here in Australia.
There are many places you should see in Australia.
Tom wants to stay in Australia.
This photo was taken in Australia three years ago.
Tom wants to move to Australia.
We can't leave Australia until we finish this job.
Tom wants to live in Australia.
We probably won't have to go to Australia anymore.
Tom wants to come to Australia.
We should be in Australia by this time next week.
Tom was educated in Australia.
We stayed in Australia last year for three months.
Tom wanted to visit Australia.
We used to live in Australia when you were a baby.
Tom wanted to leave Australia.
We went to Australia last year for the first time.
Tom wanted to be in Australia.
We went to Australia, where we stayed three weeks.
Tom visited Mary in Australia.
What did you do in Australia while you were there?
Tom wants to visit Australia.
What's the real reason you didn't go to Australia?
Tom wants to leave Australia.
Why did you have to stay in Australia for so long?
Tom wants to be in Australia.
You may have to stay in Australia a little longer.
Tom took a trip to Australia.
You may need to stay in Australia a little longer.
Tom still lives in Australia.
You should've been in Australia with us last week.
Tom used to hate Australia.
This is one of the oldest restaurants in Australia.
Tom talked about Australia.
This is the first time I've ever been to Australia.
Tom traveled to Australia.
This is the only place in Australia we can do this.
Tom studied in Australia.
We had to stay in Australia for another three days.
Tom stayed in Australia.
We stayed in Australia for three weeks last spring.
Tom is still with you, I presume.
Tom is still married to Mary, I presume.
I presume that Tom is still married to Mary.
I presume Tom is still married to Mary.
I presume that you'll do that tomorrow.
I presume you'll do that tomorrow.
You'll do that tomorrow, I presume.
I assume you'll be eating lunch with Tom.
I assume that you'll be eating lunch with Tom.
We hope to see you back in Boston again soon.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Australia with him.
We're moving to Australia at the end of this month.
After what happened, I would've thought Tom would go back to Australia.
Why didn't you tell me you were going to Australia?
Tom should've gone to Australia last week with Mary, but he couldn't.
You don't really want to live in Australia, do you?
Tom spent three years in Australia working as a carpenter.
You really should've gone to Australia last summer.
After Tom graduated from high school, he went to Australia.
You told me that you were in Australia last summer.
I have a sinus infection.
Tom dropped the spoon into his pocket.
Tom came back to the garden and looked around.
Desiring noise and company, Tom went along to the shooting gallery and knocked down a few ducks.
Tom ordered another drink and reached in his pocket for a coin.
Tom did not press the button.
But Grandpa, Tom isn't homosexual, just trendy.
I've always liked football.
Is that your mum?
Is that your mummy?
The coffee smells good.
Nor less Andromache, sore grieved to part, / rich raiment fetches, wrought with golden thread, / and Phrygian scarf, and still with bounteous heart / loads him with broideries. "Take these", she said, / "sole image of Astyanax now dead. / Thy kin's last gifts, my handiwork, to show / how Hector's widow loved the son she bred. / Such eyes had he, such very looks as thou, / such hands, and oh! like thine his age were ripening now!"
Mary needs me.
We can make the product a lot easier to evaluate.
A big thank you to Mary for spearheading this initiative!
We should recycle more.
We're on the balcony.
Mary is a professor.
Our house is not insulated.
They are opening the window.
Let's go dancing!
The forest was quiet then.
Every day mosques are built, so that hunger is sheltered there.
Why are you learning Esperanto?
There was only one slice of bread in the refrigerator.
I sold my house yesterday.
A treat can often work wonders.
We only have three slices of bread left.
We still have a couple of loaves of bread in the kitchen.
Tom first met Mary Australia.
That's not a threat, that is a warning.
The best known Australian marsupials are kangaroos and koalas.
Tom showed me some pictures he took when he was in Australia.
Tom showed me some pictures that he took when he was in Australia.
Tom should've been in Australia when he had the chance.
Tom should've been in Australia when he had the chance to.
Tom should tell Mary he won't go to Australia with her.
Tom should tell Mary that he won't go to Australia with her.
Tom should probably tell Mary he's going to Australia.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he's going to Australia.
Tom should probably not tell Mary he's going to Australia.
Tom should probably not tell Mary that he's going to Australia.
Tom should be glad that he's not here in Australia.
Tom should be glad he isn't here in Australia.
Tom should be glad he's not here in Australia.
Tom should be glad that he isn't here in Australia.
Tom says he plans on staying in Australia as long as he can.
Tom says that he plans to stay in Australia as long as he can.
Tom says he plans to stay in Australia as long as he can.
Tom says that he plans on staying in Australia as long as he can.
Tom says he's planning on going to Australia with Mary.
Tom says that he's planning to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom says he's planning to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom says that he's planning on going to Australia with Mary.
Tom says he plans on being in Australia next weekend.
Tom says that he plans to be in Australia next weekend.
Tom says he plans to be in Australia next weekend.
Tom says that he plans on being in Australia next weekend.
Tom says he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom says that he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom says he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom says that he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom says he didn't know that Mary wouldn't go to Australia unless he went with her.
Tom says that he didn't know Mary wouldn't go to Australia unless he went with her.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wouldn't go to Australia unless he went with her.
Tom says that he didn't know that Mary wouldn't go to Australia unless he went with her.
Tom said he'd never planned on living in Australia for so long.
Tom said that he'd never planned to live in Australia for so long.
Tom said he'd never planned to live in Australia for so long.
Tom said that he'd never planned on living in Australia for so long.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said he wished he hadn't gone to Australia with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary he'd go to Australia with her.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning on going to Australia with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning on going to Australia with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unhappy in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unhappy in Australia.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with Mary.
Tom said that he thought it might happen in Australia, too.
Tom said that he thought that it might happen in Australia, too.
Tom said he and Mary are moving to Australia.
Tom said that he and Mary are moving to Australia.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he thought it might happen in Australia, too.
Tom said he thought that could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said that he thought that could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning on going to Australia with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unhappy in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom said he used to go to Australia three times a year.
Tom said that he used to go to Australia three times a year.
Tom said he used to live in Australia.
Tom said that he used to live in Australia.
Tom said he usually goes to Australia three times a year.
Tom said that he usually goes to Australia three times a year.
Tom said he wanted me to spend the summer in Australia with him.
Tom said that he wanted me to spend the summer in Australia with him.
Tom said he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Australia.
Tom said that he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Australia.
Tom said he wanted to go to Australia to visit Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Australia to visit Mary.
Tom said he wanted to go to Australia, but he didn't tell us why.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Australia, but he didn't tell us why.
Tom said he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom said he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Australia with him next month.
Tom said that he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Australia with him next month.
Tom said he wanted to learn more about Australia.
Tom said that he wanted to learn more about Australia.
Tom said he wanted to leave Australia.
Tom said that he wanted to leave Australia.
Tom said he wanted to move to Australia because that's where Mary lives.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Australia because that's where Mary lives.
Tom said he wanted to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom said that he wanted to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom said he wants go back to Australia someday.
Tom said that he wants go back to Australia someday.
Tom said he was enjoying himself in Australia.
Tom said that he was enjoying himself in Australia.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said he was going to be in Australia for another week.
Tom said that he was going to be in Australia for another week.
Tom said he was going to go to Australia and see if he could find a job there.
Tom said that he was going to go to Australia and see if he could find a job there.
Tom said he was going to go to Australia to see Mary.
Tom said that he was going to go to Australia to see Mary.
Tom said he was going to go to Australia.
Tom said that he was going to go to Australia.
Tom said he was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he was in Australia now.
Tom said that he was in Australia now.
Tom said he was in Australia.
Tom said that he was in Australia.
Tom said he was living in Australia at the time.
Tom said that he was living in Australia at the time.
Tom said he was looking for a job in Australia.
Tom said that he was looking for a job in Australia.
Tom said he was planning on doing that in Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on doing that in Australia next summer.
Tom said he was planning on going to Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on going to Australia next summer.
Tom said he was planning on staying in Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on staying in Australia next summer.
Tom said he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in Australia.
Tom said that he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in Australia.
Tom said he was planning to do that in Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning to do that in Australia next summer.
Tom said he was planning to go to Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning to go to Australia next summer.
Tom said he was planning to stay in Australia next summer.
Tom said that he was planning to stay in Australia next summer.
Tom said he was really glad Mary moved to Australia.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary moved to Australia.
Tom said he wasn't from Australia.
Tom said that he wasn't from Australia.
Tom said he wasn't going to Australia next summer.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Australia next summer.
Tom said he wasn't going to Australia.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Australia.
Tom said he wasn't happy here in Australia.
Tom said that he wasn't happy here in Australia.
Tom said he wasn't in Australia at that time.
Tom said that he wasn't in Australia at that time.
Tom said he wasn't in Australia.
Tom said that he wasn't in Australia.
Tom said he wasn't interested in going to Australia with us.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in going to Australia with us.
Tom said he wasn't living in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't living in Australia anymore.
Tom said he wasn't planning to go to Australia next week.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go to Australia next week.
Tom said he wasn't working in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't working in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom said that he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom said he won't go to Australia.
Tom said that he won't go to Australia.
Tom said he won't visit Australia.
Tom said that he won't visit Australia.
Tom said he would be moving to Australia next October.
Tom said that he would be moving to Australia next October.
Tom said he wouldn't be in Australia next week.
Tom said that he wouldn't be in Australia next week.
Tom said he wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said he'd be going back to Australia on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Australia on Monday.
Tom said he'd be going back to Australia right after the concert.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Australia right after the concert.
Tom said he'd be going to Australia on business next month.
Tom said that he'd be going to Australia on business next month.
Tom said he'd be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said that he'd be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said he'd be in Australia next October.
Tom said that he'd be in Australia next October.
Tom said he'd be in Australia next week.
Tom said that he'd be in Australia next week.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said he'd fly to Australia.
Tom said that he'd fly to Australia.
Tom said he'd like to go back to Australia someday.
Tom said that he'd like to go back to Australia someday.
Tom said he'd like to live in Australia.
Tom said that he'd like to live in Australia.
Tom said he'd like to visit Australia.
Tom said that he'd like to visit Australia.
Tom said he'd love to go to Australia with us in October.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Australia with us in October.
Tom said he'd love to go to Australia with us.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Australia with us.
Tom said he'd never been to Australia.
Tom said that he'd never been to Australia.
Tom said he'd never go back to Australia.
Tom said that he'd never go back to Australia.
Tom said he'd rather not go to Australia with us.
Tom said that he'd rather not go to Australia with us.
Tom said he'd visit Australia.
Tom said that he'd visit Australia.
Tom said he'd visit Mary in Australia.
Politics is the continuation of war with dangerous threats.
Tom said that he'd visit Mary in Australia.
Tom said he'll be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said that he'll be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said he'll be in Australia next week.
Tom said that he'll be in Australia next week.
Tom said he'll go to Australia in October.
Tom said that he'll go to Australia in October.
Tom said he'll go to Australia next month.
Tom said that he'll go to Australia next month.
Tom said he'll go to Australia year.
Tom said that he'll go to Australia year.
Tom said he'll visit Australia.
Tom said that he'll visit Australia.
Tom said he's been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
Tom said that he's been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
Tom said his father worked in Australia.
Tom said that his father worked in Australia.
Tom said Mary grew up in Australia.
Tom said that Mary grew up in Australia.
Tom said Mary had gone to Australia.
Tom said that Mary had gone to Australia.
Tom said Mary has been very happy here in Australia.
Tom said that Mary has been very happy here in Australia.
Tom said Mary has been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
Tom said that Mary has been wanting to visit Australia for a long time.
Tom said Mary has never been to Australia.
Tom said that Mary has never been to Australia.
Tom said Mary is in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary is in Australia now.
Tom said Mary is now living in Australia.
Tom said that Mary is now living in Australia.
Tom said Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom said that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom said Mary was born in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was born in Australia.
Tom said Mary was going back home to Australia.
Tom said that Mary was going back home to Australia.
Tom said Mary was going to go see John in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was going to go see John in Australia.
Tom said Mary was going to go to Australia to see John.
Tom said that Mary was going to go to Australia to see John.
Tom said Mary was in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was in Australia.
Tom said Mary was living in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary was living in Australia now.
Tom said Mary was living in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was living in Australia.
Tom said Mary was probably still in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in Australia.
Tom said Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said Mary was working in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was working in Australia.
Tom said Mary wasn't going to Australia.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to Australia.
Tom said Mary wasn't in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Australia now.
Tom said Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said Mary wasn't living in Australia anymore.
Tom said that Mary wasn't living in Australia anymore.
Tom said Mary wasn't working in Australia anymore.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working in Australia anymore.
Tom said Mary went to Australia.
Tom said that Mary went to Australia.
Tom said Mary would go to Australia next week.
Tom said that Mary would go to Australia next week.
Tom said neither one of his parents had ever been to Australia.
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Australia.
Tom said you were going to Australia.
Tom said that you were going to Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Australia.
Tom says Mary will stay with her grandparents in Australia next summer.
Tom says he and Mary are moving to Australia.
Tom says that he and Mary are moving to Australia.
Tom says he and Mary didn't stay in Australia very long.
Tom says that he and Mary didn't stay in Australia very long.
Tom says he and Mary went to Australia last winter.
Tom says that he and Mary went to Australia last winter.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom says that he didn't know Mary wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom says he didn't know Mary wanted to move to Australia.
Tom says that he didn't know Mary wanted to move to Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know anything about Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't know anything about Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know much about Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't know much about Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't know when Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary went to Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't know why Mary went to Australia.
Tom says he doesn't like Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't like Australia.
Tom says he doesn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says that he doesn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says he doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom says that he doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom says he expects Mary to stay in Australia until October.
Tom says that he expects Mary to stay in Australia until October.
Tom says he has a lot of friends in Australia.
Tom says that he has a lot of friends in Australia.
Tom says he has never been to Australia.
Tom says that he has never been to Australia.
Tom says he has no intention of returning to Australia.
Tom says that he has no intention of returning to Australia.
Tom says he has to go to Australia next week.
Tom says that he has to go to Australia next week.
Tom says he has to go to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom says that he has to go to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he has to go to Australia tomorrow.
Tom says that he has to go to Australia tomorrow.
Tom says he knows Mary wanted to move to Australia.
Tom says that he knows Mary wanted to move to Australia.
Tom says he knows Mary will want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says that he knows Mary will want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says he knows Mary won't go to Australia unless he goes with her.
Tom says that he knows Mary won't go to Australia unless he goes with her.
Tom says he likes it here in Australia.
Tom says that he likes it here in Australia.
Tom says he loves it in Australia.
Tom says that he loves it in Australia.
Tom says he misses Australia.
Tom says that he misses Australia.
Tom says he needs to be in Australia next week.
Tom says that he needs to be in Australia next week.
Tom says he saw Mary when he was in Australia.
Tom says that he saw Mary when he was in Australia.
Tom says he thinks Australia is a good place to live.
Tom says that he thinks Australia is a good place to live.
Tom says he wants me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom says that he wants me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom says he wants to do the same thing I did in Australia.
Tom says that he wants to do the same thing I did in Australia.
Tom says he wants to go to Australia with us.
Tom says that he wants to go to Australia with us.
Tom says he wants to go to Australia.
Tom says that he wants to go to Australia.
Tom says he wants to live in Australia.
Tom says that he wants to live in Australia.
Tom says he wants to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom says that he wants to visit Mary in Australia.
Tom says he was born in Australia.
Tom says that he was born in Australia.
Tom says he was in Australia at that time.
Tom says that he was in Australia at that time.
Tom says he was in Australia that week.
Tom says that he was in Australia that week.
Tom says he was in Australia the week before last.
Tom says that he was in Australia the week before last.
Tom says he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom says that he won't be in Australia next week.
Tom says he won't go to Australia anymore.
Tom says that he won't go to Australia anymore.
Tom says he'll be going to Australia soon.
Tom says that he'll be going to Australia soon.
Tom says he'll come to Australia soon.
Tom says that he'll come to Australia soon.
Tom says he'll do that when he's in Australia.
Tom says that he'll do that when he's in Australia.
Tom says he'll go to Australia in October.
Tom says that he'll go to Australia in October.
Tom says he'll go to Australia soon.
Tom says that he'll go to Australia soon.
Tom says he'll never go back to Australia.
Tom says that he'll never go back to Australia.
Tom says he's always wanted to go to Australia.
Tom says that he's always wanted to go to Australia.
Tom says he's been living in Australia for three years.
Tom says that he's been living in Australia for three years.
Tom says he's been to Australia before.
Tom says that he's been to Australia before.
Tom says he's been to Australia.
Tom says that he's been to Australia.
Tom says he's glad you're going to stay in Australia for another few days.
Tom says that he's glad you're going to stay in Australia for another few days.
Tom says he's lived in Australia his whole life.
Tom says that he's lived in Australia his whole life.
Tom says he's looking forward to coming to Australia.
Tom says that he's looking forward to coming to Australia.
Tom says he's moving to Australia.
Tom says that he's moving to Australia.
Tom says he's never been to Australia before.
Tom says that he's never been to Australia before.
Tom says he's never been to Australia.
Tom says that he's never been to Australia.
Tom says he's planning to go back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom says that he's planning to go back to Australia for Christmas.
Tom says he's planning to go to Australia this winter.
Tom says that he's planning to go to Australia this winter.
Tom says he's thinking about moving to Australia.
Tom says that he's thinking about moving to Australia.
Tom says I talk about Australia too much.
Tom says that I talk about Australia too much.
Tom says Mary doesn't like Australia.
Tom says that Mary doesn't like Australia.
Tom says Mary has always lived in Australia.
Tom says that Mary has always lived in Australia.
Tom says you don't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says that you don't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says you want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says that you want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says you've never been to Australia.
Tom says that you've never been to Australia.
Tom spent a few years in Australia when he was in college.
You're the only person I know who's from Australia.
Tom should've waited until Monday to go back to Australia.
Maybe we shouldn't have stayed in Australia so long.
Tom should've told Mary not to go to Australia with John.
My parents were living in Australia when I was born.
Tom should tell his friends that he's going to Australia.
My wife and I both want to go to Australia with you.
Tom should've stayed in Australia for a few more weeks.
None of my children want to go to Australia with me.
Tom should be able to tell us a little about Australia.
There's really no reason for you to go to Australia.
Tom sent money to his daughter who lives in Australia.
We both want to stay in Australia for another month.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he's going to Australia.
We could go to Australia with you if you want us to.
Tom should've asked Mary to go to Australia with him.
We have to go to Australia next month for a wedding.
Tom should've stayed in Australia for another week.
We probably won't have to go to Australia next year.
Tom should've stayed in Australia a few more weeks.
We were on a plane flying to Australia at that time.
Tom should be landing in Australia right about now.
What's the best time of the year to visit Australia?
Tom spent the last years of his life in Australia.
Why can't we stay in Australia for a few more weeks?
Tom should've told Mary not to stay in Australia.
Why is Australia a popular destination for tourists?
Tom should've told Mary not to come to Australia.
You never really wanted to go to Australia, did you?
Tom should be in Australia by this time tomorrow.
You worked in Australia for a few years, didn't you?
Tom sold his house in Australia a long time ago.
My one of my younger brothers is living in Australia.
Tom shouldn't have gone to Australia by himself.
My parents and I moved to Australia when I was three.
Tom should've visited Australia, but he didn't.
The same thing happened three years ago in Australia.
Tom seems to have had a good time in Australia.
There's no reason both of us need to go to Australia.
Tom started working in Australia last October.
This is a picture of my uncle who lives in Australia.
Tom should've asked Mary to stay in Australia.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought in Australia.
Tom should've asked Mary to come to Australia.
We need to stay in Australia for at least three days.
Tom seems to be enjoying himself in Australia.
We've got to get back to Australia as soon as we can.
Tom seemed to really enjoy being in Australia.
Why don't you visit me next time you're in Australia?
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Australia.
Would you go back to Australia if you had the chance?
All three of Tom's brothers live in Australia.
You aren't the only one here from Australia, are you?
Tom spent a lot of time in Australia in 2013.
You didn't actually want to go to Australia, did you?
Tom spent a few days in Australia last month.
You really want to move back to Australia, don't you?
Tom should've stayed in Australia all summer.
You're not the only one here from Australia, are you?
Tom should stay in Australia for a few weeks.
In October, I'm going to visit my sister in Australia.
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Australia.
My brothers who live in Australia are both carpenters.
Tom spent the rest of his life in Australia.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Australia.
Tom sometimes goes to Australia on business.
The last time I went to Australia was three years ago.
Tom should've visited Australia last summer.
The longer I stayed in Australia, the more I liked it.
Tom should've gone to Australia last summer.
The next time I'm in Australia, I'll try to visit you.
Tom sent this postcard to me from Australia.
There's really no reason for you to come to Australia.
Tom seemed to have a good time in Australia.
Three of my friends are going to Australia next month.
Tom spent his summer vacation in Australia.
We should've stayed in Australia for a few more weeks.
Tom spent Christmas in Australia with Mary.
When I moved to Australia, I was still in my thirties.
Tom spent a week in Australia last winter.
Would you be interested in going to Australia with us?
Tom should've gone to Australia with Mary.
Would you like to go to Australia with me next summer?
Tom should've arrived in Australia by now.
You don't plan to stay in Australia very long, do you?
Tom should be in Australia by next Monday.
You ought to stay in Australia for a couple of months.
Tom spent most of last year in Australia.
Perhaps we shouldn't have gone to Australia last month.
Tom spent his teenage years in Australia.
Please get in touch with me when you come to Australia.
Tom sold his farm and moved to Australia.
Who'll take care of your dog while you're in Australia?
Tom should've stayed in Australia longer.
You don't have to go to Australia if you don't want to.
Tom should've refused to go to Australia.
Maybe I should stay in Australia for another week or so.
Tom should have a good time in Australia.
Most people in Australia don't really care what happens.
Tom sent me this postcard from Australia.
My parents would never let me go to Australia by myself.
Tom spent most of his life in Australia.
One of my favorite things about Australia is the people.
Tom should've gone to Australia with us.
This time the day after tomorrow, we'll be in Australia.
Tom should've come to Australia with us.
What kinds of things do you do when you're in Australia?
You know how much I've always wanted to go to Australia.
Tom seems to know a lot about Australia.
You look a lot like someone I used to know in Australia.
Tom spent nearly a decade in Australia.
Maybe I should stay in Australia for another week or two.
Tom sold all his property in Australia.
My older brother, who lives in Australia, is a carpenter.
All of Tom's children are in Australia.
My wife and I are planning to visit Australia next month.
Tom spent several months in Australia.
This is a picture of the hotel we stayed at in Australia.
Tom spends a lot of time in Australia.
We can stay in Australia a few more weeks if you want to.
Tom should've never gone to Australia.
What's the real reason you don't want to go to Australia?
Tom should've never come to Australia.
You don't plan on staying in Australia very long, do you?
Tom spent nearly a week in Australia.
You're the only one I'd consider going to Australia with.
Tom spent his childhood in Australia.
Please come to see us the next time you come to Australia.
Tom spent a lot of time in Australia.
This is the first time we've given a concert in Australia.
Tom should live in Australia with us.
We both need to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
Tom stayed in Australia a few weeks.
We've decided to stay in Australia for another three days.
Tom spent all his life in Australia.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have stayed in Australia.
Tom spent a few months in Australia.
Tell us more about what you did when you were in Australia.
Tom should go to Australia with you.
The way you describe Australia makes me want to move there.
Tom has sold his house in Australia.
We both have to stay in Australia until the end of October.
Tom stayed in Australia all summer.
We moved to Australia so our kids would have a better life.
Tom spent a few years in Australia.
We probably won't be in Australia again until next October.
Tom spent the summer in Australia.
You may want to consider postponing your trip to Australia.
Tom should've stayed in Australia.
You taught French for a few years in Australia, didn't you?
Tom should come back to Australia.
My parents would never allow me to go to Australia with you.
Tom should be in Australia by now.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you get to Australia.
Tom spent some time in Australia.
The two of them have been in Australia for over three years.
Tom sometimes comes to Australia.
There are a lot of interesting places to visit in Australia.
Tom seems to have left Australia.
We could come to Australia next October if you'd like us to.
Tom sometimes goes to Australia.
We could stay in Australia for a few more weeks if you like.
Tom sold his house in Australia.
We had a lot more fun in Australia than we thought we would.
Tom sent Mary back to Australia.
We won't be able to get back to Australia until next Monday.
Tom should be in Australia now.
Why didn't you tell me you were planning to go to Australia?
Tom spent a year in Australia.
You don't have to go back to Australia if you don't want to.
Tom shouldn't be in Australia.
A rich guy from Australia just bought the house next to mine.
Tom should stay in Australia.
The reason I originally came to Australia was to study music.
Tom should move to Australia.
You should've waited until October to come back to Australia.
Tom should come to Australia.
You're the only person I know who has ever visited Australia.
Tom seemed to like Australia.
Tell me why you aren't planning on going to Australia with us.
Tom spent time in Australia.
We should be able to find what we're looking for in Australia.
Tom sells cars in Australia.
We won't be able to stay in Australia as long as we wanted to.
Tom seems to like Australia.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Australia.
Tom soon left Australia.
Maybe I'll come back to Australia again next year at this time.
Their threats don't scare her. "I will survive", she said indifferently.
"Don't threaten me!" - "That's not a threat - that is a promise!"
Better to be hit by your mother one hundred times, than to hear one threat from your father.
He will take it and bless it.
I've read all the comments.
Her claim was false.
I'm free all afternoon today.
Claiming is not proving.
A claim is not proof!
Anyone can make that claim!
How can you assert that?
That is an interesting claim.
Are you suggesting that I am lying?
I suggest that that is not true.
Some think that non-alcoholic beer is stupid.
You claim that you are a scientist.
Do you have proof for your claims?
I say the stuff is rotten.
What you are suggesting is simply ridiculous.
Tom said that he hoped that he never had to go back to Australia.
Tom said that he hoped he never had to go back to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom said he and Mary are planning to go to Australia next summer.
Tom said that he and Mary are planning to go to Australia next summer.
Tom said he could go to Australia with Mary.
Tom said that he could go to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to go to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't have many friends in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't have many friends in Australia.
Tom said he didn't have to go to Australia next week.
Tom said that he didn't have to go to Australia next week.
Tom said he didn't intend to go to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't intend to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom said he didn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom said he didn't know anything about Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know anything about Australia.
Tom said he didn't know much about Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know much about Australia.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Australia.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary went to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary went to Australia.
Tom said he didn't like Australia.
Tom said that he didn't like Australia.
Tom said he didn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he didn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom said he didn't really like working in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't really like working in Australia.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had ever been to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had ever been to Australia.
Tom said he didn't think Mary was in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was in Australia anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to ever go to Australia again.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever go to Australia again.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Australia with me.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Australia with me.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom said he didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
Tom said that he didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
Tom said he didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
Tom said that he didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
Tom said he doesn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom said that he doesn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom said he doesn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom said that he doesn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom said he doesn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom said he enjoyed himself in Australia.
Tom said that he enjoyed himself in Australia.
Tom said he enjoyed his time in Australia.
Tom said that he enjoyed his time in Australia.
Tom said he expected Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said that he expected Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said he grew up in Australia.
Tom said that he grew up in Australia.
Tom said he had a friend in Australia.
Tom said that he had a friend in Australia.
Tom said he had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom said that he had a lot of fun in Australia.
Tom said he had a terrible experience in Australia.
Tom said that he had a terrible experience in Australia.
Tom said he had never planned on living in Australia for so long.
Tom said that he had never planned on living in Australia for so long.
Tom said he had no intention of leaving Australia.
Tom said that he had no intention of leaving Australia.
Tom said he had plenty of friends in Australia.
Tom said that he had plenty of friends in Australia.
Tom said he hoped he never had to go back to Australia.
Tom said he hoped that he never had to go back to Australia.
Tom said he just got back from Australia.
Tom said that he just got back from Australia.
Tom said he knew Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he knew Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he knew that Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he learned how to do that in Australia.
Tom said that he learned how to do that in Australia.
Tom said he may go to Australia for Christmas.
Tom said that he may go to Australia for Christmas.
Tom said he may stay in Australia for a few months.
Tom said that he may stay in Australia for a few months.
Tom said he might come to Australia next week or the week after next.
Tom said that he might come to Australia next week or the week after next.
Tom said he might go to Australia in a week or two.
Tom said that he might go to Australia in a week or two.
Tom said he might visit Australia.
Tom said that he might visit Australia.
Tom said he needed to spend a few weeks in Australia.
Tom said that he needed to spend a few weeks in Australia.
Tom said he plans on staying in Australia until October.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Australia until October.
Tom said he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Australia.
Tom said he plans to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Australia until October.
Tom said he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Australia.
Tom said he really wanted to be here, but he had to stay in Australia.
Tom said that he really wanted to be here, but he had to stay in Australia.
Tom said he should've stayed in Australia longer.
Tom said that he should've stayed in Australia longer.
Tom said we could go to Australia with him if we wanted to.
Tom said that we could go to Australia with him if we wanted to.
Tom said you didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom said that you didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom said you lived in Australia.
Tom said that you lived in Australia.
Tom said you wanted to go to Australia with us.
Tom said that you wanted to go to Australia with us.
Tom said you were in Australia.
Tom said that you were in Australia.
Tom say that you don't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom say that you want to go to Australia with us.
Tom says Australia is a great place to live.
Tom says that Australia is a great place to live.
Tom says Australia is his favorite country.
Tom says that Australia is his favorite country.
Tom says Australia is really cold now.
Tom says that Australia is really cold now.
Tom says everybody he knows has gone to Australia.
Tom says that everybody he knows has gone to Australia.
Tom says everyone he knows has gone to Australia.
Tom says that everyone he knows has gone to Australia.
Tom said nobody else wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom said no one else wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom said that no one else wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom said that nobody else wanted to go to Australia with him.
Tom said nothing would make him happier than to spend the summer in Australia with his grandparents.
Tom said that nothing would make him happier than to spend the summer in Australia with his grandparents.
Tom said Mary would probably still be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said that Mary would probably still be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said Mary would probably go to Australia with him.
Tom said that Mary would probably go to Australia with him.
Tom said Mary would likely go to Australia with him.
Tom said that Mary would likely go to Australia with him.
Tom said Mary would be going to Australia with him.
Tom said that Mary would be going to Australia with him.
Tom said Mary will probably still be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said that Mary will probably still be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said Mary went to Australia with him.
Tom said that Mary went to Australia with him.
Tom said Mary was living in Australia at that time.
Tom said that Mary was living in Australia at that time.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was likely to still be in Australia.
Tom said Mary was likely to get back from Australia on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was likely to get back from Australia on Monday.
Tom said Mary was likely to be in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be in Australia now.
Tom said Mary was likely to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom said Mary was in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary was in Australia now.
Tom said Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said Mary was going to Australia with him.
Tom said that Mary was going to Australia with him.
Tom said Mary was enjoying herself in Australia.
Tom said that Mary was enjoying herself in Australia.
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Australia longer.
Tom said that Mary should've stayed in Australia longer.
Tom said Mary should've stayed in Australia all summer.
Tom said that Mary should've stayed in Australia all summer.
Tom said Mary should've gone to Australia with John.
Tom said that Mary should've gone to Australia with John.
Tom said Mary knew John might not stay in Australia much longer.
Tom said that Mary knew John might not stay in Australia much longer.
Tom said Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom said that Mary isn't in Australia now.
Tom said Mary is probably still in Australia.
Tom said that Mary is probably still in Australia.
Tom said Mary is going to go to Australia to see John.
Tom said that Mary is going to go to Australia to see John.
Tom said Mary is going to go see John in Australia.
Tom said that Mary is going to go see John in Australia.
Tom said Mary has always lived in Australia.
Tom said that Mary has always lived in Australia.
Tom said Mary has only been to Australia three times.
Tom said that Mary has only been to Australia three times.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia three times.
Tom said Mary has been to Australia only three times.
Tom said that Mary has been to Australia only three times.
Tom said this is his first time in Australia.
Tom said that is was his first time in Australia.
I don't understand what you want to achieve with that.
It's hard for them to understand, as they possess little intelligence.
Please finally understand that I don't love you!
Suddenly I sensed, how in a flash I started to get it.
Tom said that he's really glad he moved to Australia.
Tom said that he's really glad that he moved to Australia.
Tom said he's really glad he moved to Australia.
Tom said he's really glad that he moved to Australia.
Tom said he's happy that Mary is back from Australia.
Tom said that he's happy Mary is back from Australia.
Tom said that he's happy that Mary is back from Australia.
Tom said he's happy Mary is back from Australia.
Tom said that he was glad that you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary was having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning on going to Australia with him.
Tom said he thought Mary was planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom said he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary was still living in Australia.
Tom said he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Australia with him next weekend.
Tom said that he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Australia with him next weekend.
Tom said he was glad that you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said he was planning to move to Australia.
Tom said that he was planning to move to Australia.
Tom said he'd expected Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said he'd visit Mary in Australia next summer.
Tom said that he'd visit Mary in Australia next summer.
Tom said he's always lived in Australia.
Tom said that he's always lived in Australia.
Tom said he's glad you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said that he's glad you were able to do that when you were in Australia.
Tom said he's in Australia now.
Tom said that he's in Australia now.
Tom said he's never been to Australia.
Tom said that he's never been to Australia.
Tom said he's only been to Australia three times.
Tom said that he's only been to Australia three times.
Tom said his family is living in Australia now.
Tom said that his family is living in Australia now.
Tom said his family is now living in Australia.
Tom said that his family is now living in Australia.
Tom said I had go to Australia.
Tom said that I had go to Australia.
Tom said I had to come to Australia.
Tom said that I had to come to Australia.
Tom said I should go to Australia with you.
Tom said that I should go to Australia with you.
Tom said I should visit Australia.
Tom said that I should visit Australia.
Tom said I should've stayed in Australia for a few more days.
Tom said that I should've stayed in Australia for a few more days.
Tom said I should've stayed in Australia for another week or so.
Tom said that I should've stayed in Australia for another week or so.
Shock and wonder are the beginning of understanding.
I simply don't understand how people can understand Chinese.
If it's a god that you can understand, than it is no god at all.
He worked hard to make his ideas understandable at the meeting.
Tom said he didn't often go to Australia.
Tom said that he didn't often go to Australia.
Tom said he might come to Australia next week or the week after.
Tom said that he might come to Australia next week or the week after.
Tom said he thought it could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said that he thought it could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom said he thought Mary was in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary was unhappy in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary would be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom said he thought that it could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said that he thought that it could happen in Australia, too.
Tom said he thought that it might happen in Australia, too.
One has to live one's life to the end, in order to understand it.
Do you like this pattern?
Tom said Australia is a nice place to live.
Tom said that Australia is a nice place to live.
Tom said Australia is a nice place to visit.
Tom said that Australia is a nice place to visit.
Tom said Australia is a nice place.
Tom said that Australia is a nice place.
Tom said everybody he knows has been to Australia.
Tom said that everybody he knows has been to Australia.
Tom said everyone he knows has been to Australia.
Tom said that everyone he knows has been to Australia.
I don't chew it.
You must swallow pills, not chew them.
We sit comfortably together.
Tom recently bought a nice house in Australia.
The girls here just aren't as beautiful as the girls back home in Australia.
Tom really wants to go to Australia.
I've heard that the most beautiful women in the world live in Australia.
Tom asked me how many times I'd been to Australia.
No matter what they tell me, I still plan to go to Australia next week.
Tom returned to Australia to be with Mary.
People who've never been to Australia don't know what they're missing.
Tom remained in Australia for a few days.
Mary said she was planning on visiting an old boyfriend in Australia.
Tom refused to go to Australia with Mary.
We didn't stay in Australia as long as we thought we were going to.
Tom returned to his home in Australia.
Mary said she was planning to visit an old boyfriend in Australia.
Tom remained in Australia until 2013.
We're going to send you to Australia to work in our office there.
Tom returned to Australia on Monday.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought while I was in Australia.
Tom retired and moved to Australia.
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Australia with us?
Tom recently moved to Australia.
My mother was the same age I am now when she moved to Australia.
Tom regrets leaving Australia.
Mary and her boyfriend are planning to visit Australia together.
Tom remained in Australia.
There must be lots of places in Australia you haven't seen yet.
Tom remains in Australia.
Please get in touch with me as soon as you arrive in Australia.
End your silence and refusal!
Some countries refuse to take refugees.
I refuse to be without hope.
I don't want to believe it. I refuse to!
They refuse to let me do what I would pay for.
We should refuse to say what we don't believe.
This is the pair of sunglasses I that bought while I was in Australia.
Mary said that she was planning to visit an old boyfriend in Australia.
Mary said that she was planning on visiting an old boyfriend in Australia.
I'm glad no one's around.
Don't hesitate!
I'm glad nobody's around.
I'm glad that no one's around.
I'm glad that nobody's around.
I know that I messed up.
Whoever wants to should enter.
As long as you're in my house, you have to abide by my rules.
As long as you're in my house, you have to live by my rules.
I'm never coming to the beach with you again.
I'm never going to the beach with Tom again.
I never want to go to the beach with Tom again.
After swimming, we all took showers.
I'd like to stay yet, but you know I can't.
I would like to mention one more thing.
Look at it from a different point of view!
This is the first time that I've visited Australia.
This is my first time to visit Australia.
This is the first time I've visited Australia.
The sentence should be tagged, I think.
Let's look at the matter from another point of view.
I haven't seen anything at all from this point of view.
From this point of view, a thousand years is a very short time.
Friendship terrorists are lurking everywhere.
Be careful! Danger lurks everywhere!
Tom didn't press the button.
Opportunity leads to love.
Opportunity is worth gold.
Tom didn't push the button.
Our house isn't insulated.
Let's go dancing tonight.
That wasn't a threat. It was a warning.
I know your abilities.
Tom plans to visit Australia.
Let's get together the next time you come back to Australia.
Tom plans to stay with us when he comes to Australia.
Let's get together when I get back from Australia.
Tom plans to stay in Australia.
Let's talk about what happened in Australia.
Tom plans to stay in Australia until October.
Let's get back to Australia where we belong.
Tom probably doesn't yet know much about Australia.
Let's talk about what you did in Australia.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Australia with her.
Let's discuss what happened in Australia.
Tom probably doesn't know much about Australia yet.
Let's talk about your trip to Australia.
Tom probably doesn't know anything about Australia.
Let's hope it's the same in Australia.
Tom put all his belongings in boxes and sent them to Australia.
Let's not go to Australia this year.
Tom probably won't get back to Australia again until October.
Let's all go to Australia together.
Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Let's go to Australia next summer.
Let's go to Australia next spring.
Tom really wanted to go to Australia with you.
Let's go to Australia next month.
Tom really didn't want to work in Australia.
Let's go to Australia next week.
Tom probably won't go to Australia with us.
Let's not talk about Australia.
Tom promised to go to Australia with Mary.
Let's go to Australia together.
Tom really should be in Australia by now.
Let's go to Australia instead.
Tom really should be in Australia now.
Let's move back to Australia.
Tom raised his children in Australia.
Let's visit Australia first.
Tom published a book about Australia.
Let's visit Australia again.
Let's not stay in Australia.
Tom raised his family in Australia.
Let's go to Australia first.
Tom really should go to Australia.
Let's go to Australia again.
Tom really likes Australia a lot.
Let's get out of Australia.
Tom really does like Australia.
Let's not visit Australia.
Tom put off going to Australia.
Let's not go to Australia.
Tom probably went to Australia.
Let's meet in Australia.
Tom really likes Australia.
Let's go to Australia.
Lunch!
Write clearly!
Go and play!
Go and eat!
Maria teaches.
I've visited Australia.
Tom plans to go to Australia.
I've spent most of my life here in Australia.
Tom plans to come to Australia.
I've only lived in Australia for three years.
Tom plans to live in Australia.
I've spent my last few summers in Australia.
Tom plans to return to Australia.
I've wanted to go to Australia for years.
Tom plans to go back to Australia.
I've spent most of my life in Australia.
Tom plans to come back to Australia.
I've only been to Australia three times.
Tom plans to be in Australia by Monday.
I've spent a lot of time in Australia.
Tom plans to go to Australia next week.
I've only been to Australia one time.
Tom plans to go to Australia next year.
I've postponed my trip to Australia.
Tom plans to leave Australia next year.
I've visited Australia three times.
Tom plans to go to Australia by himself.
I've visited Australia a few times.
I've only been in Australia a year.
Tom plans to live in Australia next year.
I've won a free trip to Australia.
Tom plans to fly to Australia next Monday.
I've recently moved to Australia.
Tom plans to spend a few days in Australia.
I've put off going to Australia.
Tom plans to stay in Australia for three weeks.
I've visited Australia as well.
Tom plans to stay in Australia for several weeks.
I've never worked in Australia.
Tom plans to live in Australia for more than a year.
I've visited Australia before.
Tom plans to come back to Australia after he graduates.
I've spent time in Australia.
Tom plans to go visit Mary in Australia one of these days.
I've visited Australia, too.
Tom plans to move to Australia before the end of the month.
I've returned to Australia.
Tom plans to go to Australia as soon as he can after his summer vacation begins.
I've worked in Australia.
He teaches.
Sami is not asleep.
Sami isn't asleep.
Sami is alive.
Sami was still alive.
Sami was still breathing.
Sami is still breathing.
Sami was barely alive.
Sami can barely see.
Sami became blind.
Sami was crazy.
Sami can speak Arabic.
When you speak about the others, you do it with your arms crossed.
I'm not going to say it twice.
They speak about it over the telephone.
It was a cold Summer this year.
Tom never went to Australia.
I've never been to Australia, but I definitely hope I can visit Australia someday.
Tom never lived in Australia.
I've never been to Australia, but I plan to go there this summer.
Tom never returned to Australia.
I've never been to Australia and I never intend to go there.
Tom never went back to Australia.
I've never been in this part of Australia before.
Tom never made it back to Australia.
I've never lived anywhere other than Australia.
Tom never comes to Australia anymore.
I've never lived anywhere except Australia.
Tom never actually lived in Australia.
I've never been to Australia in the winter.
Tom never should've come to Australia.
I've never lived anywhere but Australia.
Tom never should've gone to Australia.
I've never owned property in Australia.
Tom never wanted to live in Australia.
I've never actually been to Australia.
Tom never planned to go back to Australia.
I've never felt unsafe in Australia.
Tom never really wanted to go to Australia.
I've never even been to Australia.
Tom never really wanted to leave Australia.
I've never been back to Australia.
Tom never planned on going back to Australia.
I've never gone to Australia.
Tom never really wanted to live in Australia.
The water in the shower is not going.
You can sit where you like.
Get the oranges out of the fridge.
Don't go out there, it's raining.
Don't you have to work tomorrow?
I'm buying an English language newspaper.
I can't see everything.
Have you visited the Tower of London?
I have a bath almost every day.
The young man has only one leg, and even that is prosthetic. He must use crutches or a wheelchair to get around.
Sami follows Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami doesn't have enough details.
Sami told Layla the story.
Sami was working at Walmart.
Sami started working at Walmart.
Sami works at Walmart.
Sami was waiting at a bus stop.
Sami and Layla had a good conversation.
Sami's bus came along.
Sami's bus is always packed.
Sami is a disabled person.
Sami did a crazy thing.
Sami is a disabled man.
Sami and Layla are standing there.
Sami had his headphones in.
Sami couldn't hear anybody.
Sami sat down in the first seat.
Layla sat on a man's lap.
Sami accidentally sat on a man's lap.
Sami uploaded this video.
Sami decided to upload the video on YouTube.
Sami was on the phone.
Sami was on a bus.
Sami wasn't paying attention.
Sami wasn't paying attention because he was on the phone.
Sami was embarrassed.
Sami embarrassed Layla.
Sami never saw Layla in his Layla.
Sami should be careful.
Sami should be aware of his surroundings.
Sami shouldn't judge me.
Sami was dating this girl.
Layla was dating this guy.
Sami hates Farid.
Sami doesn't like Layla.
Sami called me Layla.
Sami moved into my house.
Sami never came to my house.
Sami is foreign.
Sami was very inexperienced with relationships.
Sami's dad is from Egypt.
Sami's phone is ringing.
What shall we eat for breakfast?
Sami answered the phone and heard a female voice on the other end.
Sami wasn't feeling that.
Sami was about to talk.
Sami should trust Layla.
Sami went to the washroom.
Sami wanted to figure out who that bitch was.
Sami doesn't have a passport.
Sami's phone doesn't have a passcode.
Sami didn't save Layla's number.
Sami called the number.
I almost die laughing at the things he says.
Sami had no other choice to call that number.
Sami called and a lady answered.
Sami doesn't reply.
Sami called Layla's mother.
Sami calls Layla on her phone.
Sami has already been there.
Sami said "sorry" one more time.
Sami is still in the washroom.
Sami called Layla's mother by accident.
Sami's phone started ringing.
Sami's mom is a good Christian.
Sami was cussing me and this is not very Christian-like to me.
Sami had a very nice house.
Sami liked spending time there.
Sami can't beat me.
Sami doesn't really like them.
Sami ignored them.
Sami and Layla used to drink together.
Sami did what he normally does.
Sami can't go to sleep.
Sami can't sleep.
Sami burped.
Sami usually gets drunk.
Sami did nothing.
Sami was on the bus.
Sami is in his country.
Sami is a rock star.
Sami totalled the car.
I want to enroll at graduate school.
Mennad needs to see a doctor.
Sami doesn't feel very good.
Sami was in that seat.
Sami looked over to Layla.
Sami was about to throw up.
Sami had a brand new pair of shoes.
I'm going to register at a gym.
Sami pressed the button.
Sami threw the bag into the garbage bag.
Sami wants to take a nap.
Sami went back home.
Sami is taking a nap.
Sami doesn't remember what he called the video.
Sami remembers when he called Layla.
Layla doesn't wear too much makeup.
Layla doesn't use foundation powder.
Layla wears makeup.
Sami did a video about that.
Layla did a video about makeup.
Sami said the lipstick didn't match Layla's face.
Sami thought Layla had a big nose.
Sami and Layla were walking.
Sami asked Layla to look at him.
Sami had no explanation.
Sami doesn't know how to explain that.
Sami said he didn't know.
Sami was too embarrassed.
Sami can't tell you.
Sami didn't know why.
Layla doesn't like makeup.
Sami talked to this guy.
Sami is the kind of guy everybody in the school wants.
Sami went through Layla's Facebook messages.
Sami went through Layla's messages.
Sami went through Layla's Facebook pictures.
Mercury is a planet.
Sami did a music video.
Sami searched the video on Layla's YouTube channel.
Sami took a picture of himself.
Mars has two natural moons.
Sami was so embarrassed.
Sami is Layla's cousin.
Saturn is a planet.
Sami and Layla are cousins.
Sami couldn't recognize me.
Sami has a picture of Layla on his phone.
Where is the wok?
Sami was about to admit that.
Sami has no more explaining to do.
Sami saw this video.
Sami looks like Mike Tyson.
Sami is a professional boxer.
I chose this topic because I think it is interesting.
Sami and Layla didn't communicate.
Our breakfast has oats and corn in it.
Sami is going back to school.
Sami wants to go back to school.
Sami and Layla met on a school day.
Sami needed to use the bathroom really bad.
I want a few potatoes.
Sami needed to go to the bathroom.
Sami wanted to go to the bathroom.
Sami had to go to the bathroom.
Sami got back.
Sami waited until Layla got back.
Sami isn't playing.
Help me peel the potatoes.
Sami waited for about twenty minutes.
Sami was really funny.
Sami has to go to the bathroom.
Sami was laughing.
Do you need to wash fresh vegetables?
Sami was still laughing.
Sami needs to go to the bathroom immediately.
Sami made it worse.
I like eggplant.
Sami let Layla go to the bathroom.
Sami really needs to go.
Sami really needs to go the bathroom.
Sami took me seriously.
Sami's teacher sent him to the principal's office.
Sami walked to the bathroom.
Sami went to a clean bathroom.
Sami should not be there.
Sami can only use this bathroom.
Sami has really got to go.
Sami was in the bathroom stall.
Sami hid in a bathroom stall.
Sami was done peeing.
Sami was wiping his ass.
Sami felt so defeated.
Sami didn't pay attention.
Sami was in the stall beside me.
Sami knocked.
Sami gave Layla some toilet paper.
Sami can't hear anything.
Sami didn't hear me.
Sami gave Layla some paper.
Sami is not answering.
Sami isn't answering.
Sami flushed the toilet.
Sami was peeking.
Sami was peeking through this hole.
Sami remembers Layla's shoes.
Sami can deal with the situation.
Sami heard the alarm go off.
Sami heard the fire alarm go off.
Sami was looking down.
Sami knows how it is.
Sami knew where his class was.
Sami stood with them.
Sami saw his class with his teacher leaving the gym.
Sami's teacher gave him a look.
Sami did things he wasn't supposed to do.
Sami didn't have any toilet paper.
Sami was in the hallway.
Sami used all the toilet paper.
Sami gave me some toilet paper.
Sami let Layla go to the washroom.
Sami's teacher didn't let him go to the bathroom.
Sami's shoes look very familiar.
Sami didn't give me any toilet paper.
Sami didn't like me.
Sami needed some toilet paper.
Sami would do it.
Sami knows Layla doesn't like him.
Sami knows I don't like him.
Sami wanted to hear that.
Sami wasn't a confrontational person.
Sami is walking away.
Sami made sure it would never happen again.
Sami gave Layla toilet paper.
Sami treats people the way he would want them to treat him.
Sami is part of the team.
Sami is still watching this.
Sami follows Layla's vlog channel.
Sami knows how to win.
Sami speaks perfect Arabic.
Sami still listens to this song.
Sami knows what happened in that room.
Sami is pissed.
Sami and Layla met in Egypt.
Sami and Layla were in Egypt.
Sami can do this.
Sami was in a five star hotel.
Sami doesn't know exactly what it's called.
Sami and Layla were there.
Sami took my phone from me.
Do you remember the day we met?
Sami visited a mosque.
The train station is not far from here.
Sami put the mask on.
Sami didn't take his mask off.
Sami gave Layla a mask.
Sami forgot his number.
Sami is a musician.
Layla was wearing a nice gown.
Sami gave me all of that.
I like travelling.
Sami gave me that.
Layla is wearing a gown.
Sami is from my group.
I work at a travel agency.
Sami and Layla were wearing the exact same mask.
I live with my mother and father.
Sami is wearing a mask.
Sami was wearing a tuxedo.
Sami came this way.
Sami was very serious.
I used a map during my trip.
Sami is serious.
Sami is coming with me.
Sami was with a bunch of strangers.
Sami and his friends were all crammed up in that elevator.
Sami didn't laugh.
Sami and Layla never held hands.
Sami and Layla didn't hold hands.
Sami was reading the Arabic translation.
Sami is not my friend.
Sami isn't my friend.
Sami explored the room.
Sami explained all that in Arabic.
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Sami and Layla were silent.
Sami didn't press the button.
Sami and Layla were wearing masks.
Sami had other plans.
Sami still remembers.
Sami was pushing Layla out.
Sami pushed Layla out of the elevator.
Sami didn't do it again.
Sami is probably going to leave.
Sami didn't understand.
Do you want to?
Sami didn't know he was on a beach.
Sami was in a dark room.
Sami works in a dark room.
Sami started walking.
Sami is here for this.
Sami was dancing to that very crazy music.
Sami and Layla were standing by the door.
Sami went down the stairs.
Sami went to the hotel lobby.
Sami wore a business suit.
Sami wanted to see what was happening.
Sami was wiping the table.
Sami married an Asian woman.
The leaves on the trees fall as winter comes.
Sami paid Layla no mind.
Sami didn't verbally say it.
Sami came to sit right next to me.
Sami gave Layla a cup of tea.
Sami was trying to distract Layla.
Sami got angry.
Sami started following Layla.
Sami called someone.
Sami followed Layla into another room.
Sami created his own story.
Sami has got blood all over his head.
Sami followed Layla.
Sami passed out on the floor.
Sami can't explain this story.
Sami was pushed out of the elevator.
Sami and Layla will stay together.
Sami is just walking around.
Sami went to another room.
Sami and Layla were singing.
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.
Sami gave Layla wine.
Sami doesn't want to drink.
Sami forced Layla to drink.
Sami looked really scared.
Sami flew through the ceiling.
Sami looked possessed.
Sami and Layla are kissing passionately.
Sami heard that sound.
Sami and Layla were screaming.
Sami couldn't concentrate.
Sami is coming out.
Sami has to be there.
My name is Lanlan, I'm Chinese.
Sami and Layla were hugging.
Sami had blood all over him.
Sami is a demon.
Sami wants to see the next scene.
Sami was dancing.
Sami and Layla were doing some contemporary dance.
Sami went to the other room.
Sami saw the scene.
Sami and Layla repeated the scene.
Sami and Layla rehearsed the scene.
Sami got tired.
Sami went back into that room.
He likes to read my Chinese books.
Sami was tired.
Sami just waited.
Sami's mask was black.
Sami wore a white mask.
Sami and Layla reenacted the whole scene.
Sami watched the scene.
Sami ushered us out.
Sami took a quick nap.
Sami ushered us back to that room.
Sami followed Layla to the next room.
Sami and Layla started looking at each other.
Sami was staring.
Sami stood on the table.
Do you have siblings?
Sami will go to another room.
Sami hung himself.
Sami put the noose around his head.
Sami was in a very dark room.
Sami couldn't see much.
How many years have you studied Chinese for?
Sami and Layla knew each other.
Layla was dressed in a maid's outfit.
Sami was standing right in the middle.
I also want to try.
Sami wanted to show us something.
Sami stood right next to us.
Sami grabs Layla's hand.
Sami put his hands on Layla's head.
Sami was looking at Layla the whole time.
Sami stopped talking.
"You said it wrong." "How do I say it then?"
Sami was pointing towards me.
No problem, I can wait.
Sami held Layla's shoulders and squeezed them.
Sami was touching Layla's back.
I stayed in hospital for a week.
Sami got mad very quickly.
The battery has run out of power.
Sami is still holding Layla's hand.
Sami is still walking.
Sami tried to push my hand away.
Sami is actually dumb.
Sami is dumb.
Sami said something.
Sami went straight up.
Sami went left.
Sami went straightforward.
Sami went right.
Sami was trying to do that.
Sami saw Layla trying to do that.
Sami was still holding Layla's hand.
Sami pushed the door so hard.
Sami can see Layla's facial expression.
Sami was still holding on to Layla's hand.
Sami is back to the beginning.
If it's sold out, just forget about it.
Sami was just doing his job.
Sami is an extra.
Sami doesn't really know.
Sami took his mask off.
Sami was confused, too.
Sami wasn't allowed to speak.
If he doesn't agree, he can just say so.
Sami grabbed Layla's shoulders again.
Sami pulled Layla's hand.
Sami wanted to see what was about to happen.
Sami did something.
Layla is an annoying bitch.
Sami is still wearing his mask.
Sami and Layla began kissing.
Sami doesn't understand what is going on.
Sami pushed Layla back.
Did you see him at the park?
Sami was trying to figure out what was happening.
Sami got angry at me.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looks like.
Sami wanted Layla.
I want to become a nurse.
Sami knows what Layla looks like.
Yesterday I went to the movies.
Sami really wants to know.
Sami was bothered by something.
Sami didn't see shit.
Sami started shaking.
Sami felt so angry.
Sami wanted to go find the guy and fight him.
Sami is running his own business that.
Sami never laughs when he is dead serious.
Sami put his hands on Layla.
Sami didn't sign a contract.
Sami wasn't allowed to touch us.
Sami watched Layla act.
Sami watched Layla leave.
Sami didn't believe Layla.
Sami doesn't want to speak.
Sami was genuinely pissed.
Sami wants to keep the vlog going.
I want to eat cheese.
Sami can't film.
Sami can't wait.
Sami was pulling Layla around.
Sami tells me the truth.
Sami pushed me.
Sami was behind a curtain.
Sami hid behind a curtain.
Sami doesn't like this.
Sami doesn't know if Layla heard him or not.
Sami got offended.
Sami overreacted.
Sami pushed Layla in her chest.
Sami knows her.
It's not.
Sami was wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Sami didn't enjoy it.
Sami enjoyed that.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance!
Sami can't understand why a lot of people enjoy that.
Sami was already on edge.
Sami lives in a big building.
Sami did it in front of my face.
Sami was the only one on the floor.
Sami didn't see Layla in any scene.
Sami enjoyed the movie.
I sleep well every day.
Teachers should be very patient with students.
Tom knows he messed up.
Tom knows that he messed up.
This is the first time I've visited Boston.
This is the first time that I've visited Boston.
Let's wait till we get to Australia.
Let's wait until we get to Australia.
Let me see the pictures you took in Australia.
Let me see the pictures that you took in Australia.
Tom realized Mary wasn't happy in Australia.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't happy in Australia.
Tom promised he'd go to Australia with Mary in October.
Tom promised he'd that go to Australia with Mary in October.
Tom never told me he was from Australia.
Tom never told me that he was from Australia.
Is it true Tom plans to move to Australia?
Is it true that Tom plans to move to Australia?
Is it true Tom plans to stay in Australia until October?
Is it true that Tom plans to stay in Australia until October?
I heard Tom plans to move to Australia.
I heard that Tom plans to move to Australia.
Tom probably thought I didn't want to go to Australia with you guys.
Tom probably thought that I didn't want to go to Australia with you guys.
Tom probably thought I liked Australia.
Tom probably thought that I liked Australia.
Tom probably thought I was going to Australia with him in October.
Tom probably thought that I was going to Australia with him in October.
Tom planned to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom planned on staying in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom ought to have known Mary was in Australia.
Tom ought to have known that Mary was in Australia.
I've lived in Australia three years.
I've lived in Australia for three years.
I've lived in Australia since I was three.
I've lived in Australia since I was three years old.
I've lived in Australia a while now.
I've lived in Australia for a while now.
I've heard there are many Japanese restaurants in Australia.
I've heard that there are many Japanese restaurants in Australia.
I've heard the most beautiful women in the world live in Australia.
I've heard Australia is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard that Australia is a very expensive place to live.
I've heard taxis are expensive in Australia.
I've heard that taxis are expensive in Australia.
I've heard you're leaving Australia.
I've heard that you're leaving Australia.
I've decided I'll go back to Australia by myself.
I've decided that I'll go back to Australia by myself.
I've decided I won't go to Australia this year.
I've decided that I won't go to Australia this year.
I've been to Australia, but only one time.
I've been to Australia, but only once.
I've been to Australia two times.
I've been to Australia twice.
I've been to Australia one time.
I've been living in Australia since I was thirteen.
I've been living in Australia since I was thirteen years old.
I've been going to Australia every summer since I was thirteen.
I've been going to Australia every summer since I was thirteen years old.
I've already told everyone I'm moving to Australia.
I've already told everyone that I'm moving to Australia.
Is there anyone here who hasn't been to Australia?
Is there anybody here who hasn't been to Australia?
Is there any chance you'll be coming to Australia this year?
Is there any chance that you'll be coming to Australia this year?
Is there any chance you'll be in Australia next month?
Is there any chance that you'll be in Australia next month?
Is there any chance you'll come back to Australia again this year?
Is there any chance that you'll come back to Australia again this year?
Is there any chance you'll go to Australia next month?
Is there any chance that you'll go to Australia next month?
Is it true you're going to be studying in Australia next year?
Is it true that you're going to be studying in Australia next year?
Is it true you bought a house in Australia?
Is it true that you bought a house in Australia?
Is it true you used to live in Australia?
Is it true that you used to live in Australia?
Is it true you're going to Australia?
Is it true that you're going to Australia?
Is it true you're going to study in Australia?
Is it true that you're going to study in Australia?
Is it true you're moving to Australia?
Is it true that you're moving to Australia?
I'm sure I'll eventually go to Australia. I just don't know when.
I'm sure that I'll eventually go to Australia. I just don't know when.
Tom missed his wife and children, so he's gone back to Australia to live with them.
I'm supposed to go to Australia.
Tom mentioned that he and Mary were planning to go to Australia in October.
Is there any place in particular that you'd recommend I visit while I'm in Australia?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to go to Australia next winter?
Let me give you several other reasons why you shouldn't go to Australia.
Tom managed to make time to visit Mary while he was in Australia.
Is this the first time you've been back to Australia since your divorce?
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't go to Australia.
Tom moved back to Australia to take over his father's business.
If I don't get to Australia for the conference, my boss will fire me.
Tom might be able to convince Mary to go to Australia with him.
I've been coming to Australia every summer for the past thirty years.
Tom made a lot of money in Australia and then moved back home.
If you were to leave Australia, it would be better for both of us.
Tom may want to stay in Australia until the end of the month.
I've had three different jobs since I started living in Australia.
Tom might go to Australia with Mary this coming Monday.
Last summer, I had a chance to go to Australia, but I didn't go.
I've decided to live in Australia after I graduate from college.
Tom might've been in Australia at the same time Mary was.
If you ever come to Australia, you're welcome to stay with us.
Tom made it clear that he didn't plan to go to Australia.
It was tremendously exciting to be in Australia at that time.
Tom plans on staying with us when he comes to Australia.
If I hadn't come to Australia, this never would've happened.
Tom missed the opportunity to go to Australia with Mary.
I've been living in Australia for a little over three years.
Tom might be staying with his grandparents in Australia.
I'm thinking of coming to Australia with my wife next month.
Tom never told me he wanted to go to Australia with us.
I'm thinking of going to Australia with my wife next month.
Tom may have to go to Australia on business next month.
If I'd had enough time, I could've seen more of Australia.
I'd like to know how long Tom plans to be in Australia.
If you're planning to go to Australia, let's go together.
Tom needs to be back in Australia as soon as possible.
If I could go anywhere in the world, I'd go to Australia.
Tom might've lied about who he went to Australia with.
I've already made a lot of new friends here in Australia.
Tom might need to go to Australia the week after next.
Let me know in advance when you're coming to Australia.
Tom met many other musicians when he was in Australia.
If I were you, I would quit my job and leave Australia.
Tom may be staying with his grandparents in Australia.
I've had three different jobs since I got to Australia.
Tom moved to Australia with his wife just last month.
I've been living in Australia for the past three years.
Tom moved to Australia a little over three years ago.
Leaving Australia was the biggest mistake I ever made.
I want to know how long Tom plans to be in Australia.
I've decided to stay in Australia for a few more days.
Tom persuaded Mary to go back to Australia with him.
I've finally gotten used to living here in Australia.
Tom may have been in Australia with Mary last month.
I've been living in Australia for almost three years.
Tom looked after our dog while we were in Australia.
I'm thinking of staying in Australia a little longer.
Tom sometimes visited me when I lived in Australia.
I'm the only one here who's never lived in Australia.
Tom must've visited Mary when he visited Australia.
I've been living in Australia for about three years.
Tom moved to Australia with his family last summer.
I've decided not to do that while I'm in Australia.
Tom needs to stay in Australia for a couple weeks.
I've decided not to go to Australia until October.
Tom moved to Australia just about three years ago.
I've been thinking about going to Australia again.
Tom might've visited Mary in Australia last month.
I've been in Australia a lot longer than you have.
Tom may need to stay in Australia a little longer.
Let me show you the pictures I took in Australia.
Tom has never lived anywhere other than Australia.
Is it OK if I stay in Australia for another week?
I've been in Australia a lot longer than Tom has.
I've lived in Australia for the past three years.
Tom never said he would go to Australia with us.
I've decided to go back to Australia next Monday.
Tom might run into Mary while he's in Australia.
I've decided not to live in Australia any longer.
Tom probably didn't go to Australia last month.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to Australia with him.
I've bought some land not too far from Australia.
Tom never told me he used to live in Australia.
I've been to Australia several times on business.
Tom moved to Australia soon after he graduated.
I'm thinking of going to Australia for Christmas.
Tom moved here a few months ago from Australia.
I've been looking forward to visiting Australia.
Tom met Mary while he was staying in Australia.
I've been living in Australia since last spring.
I've been in Australia way longer than Tom has.
I've been in Australia way longer than you have.
Tom ought to have arrived in Australia by now.
Let us know when you'll be coming to Australia.
Tom moved to Australia almost three years ago.
Last month, my family and I moved to Australia.
Tom moved here from Australia three years ago.
I've decided to go to Australia for the summer.
Tom might have to go to Australia next Monday.
I've decided to go back to Australia by myself.
Tom may want to go to Australia for Christmas.
I've been working in Australia for three years.
Tom may not go to Australia until next spring.
I've been to Australia several times this year.
Tom has never lived anywhere except Australia.
I'm thinking of going to Australia next spring.
Tom persuaded me to go to Australia with him.
Let me show you where Australia is on the map.
Tom only lived in Australia for a short time.
Last summer, I spent three weeks in Australia.
Tom moved to Australia quite a few years ago.
I've decided to postpone my trip to Australia.
Tom moved to Australia just three months ago.
I've decided not to go to Australia this year.
Tom moved to Australia about three years ago.
I've decided I won't go to Australia tomorrow.
Tom might possibly have a house in Australia.
I've been living in Australia for three years.
Tom may not want to go to Australia with you.
I'm thinking of going to Australia next month.
Tom lost his camera when he was in Australia.
I'm thinking of going to Australia in October.
Tom moved to Australia more than a year ago.
I've decided not to go to Australia with you.
Tom might possibly have stayed in Australia.
I've been in Australia for less than a month.
Tom might go to Australia to look for a job.
I've already visited Australia several times.
Last month, I visited a friend in Australia.
Tom ought to stay in Australia for a while.
If I were you, I wouldn't move to Australia.
Tom ought to spend the summer in Australia.
I've got to go back to Australia next month.
Tom might want to go to Australia with you.
I've always thought you were from Australia.
Tom might be coming to Australia next week.
I'm the one who should've gone to Australia.
Tom may stay in Australia for another week.
I'm taking my daughter to Australia with me.
Tom has never lived anywhere but Australia.
Last week, I was in Australia with my wife.
Tom moved back to Australia with his kids.
Is this your first time to visit Australia?
Tom might've been in Australia last month.
I've been in Australia for three years now.
Tom might want to go to Australia with us.
Let me tell you something about Australia.
Tom may not be going to Australia with us.
Is Australia an interesting place to live?
Tom may have been in Australia last month.
If I were you, I wouldn't go to Australia.
Tom has never actually lived in Australia.
I'm unlikely to go to Australia this year.
Tom plans on leaving Australia next year.
I'm surprised you moved back to Australia.
Tom moved to Australia in his late teens.
I've decided we should move to Australia.
Tom moved to Australia after his divorce.
I've been to Australia quite a few times.
Tom moved to Australia a year ago Monday.
I've been to Australia a couple of times.
Tom moved from Australia to here in 2013.
I'm sure you would be happy in Australia.
Tom may not have to go back to Australia.
I've lived in Australia most of my life.
Tom may be living in Australia next year.
Tom may be coming to Australia next week.
I've lived in Australia for a long time.
Tom often goes to Australia on business.
I've lived in Australia for a few years.
Tom must've been in Australia last week.
I've been in Australia for three months.
Tom might even end up back in Australia.
I've been in Australia for a few months.
Tom may not come to Australia with Mary.
I've always wanted to live in Australia.
Tom may have left for Australia already.
I'm willing to go to Australia with you.
Tom may have already left for Australia.
It'll be great to be back in Australia.
Tom may already have left for Australia.
Is this a common practice in Australia?
Tom married a woman he met in Australia.
Is Australia an exciting place to live?
Tom made up his mind to go to Australia.
I've lived in Australia for many years.
Tom phoned me yesterday from Australia.
I've just decided to move to Australia.
Tom no longer wants to go to Australia.
I've had a wonderful time in Australia.
Tom moved to Australia with his family.
I've got a lot of friends in Australia.
Tom moved to Australia three years ago.
I've been in Australia for three years.
Tom moved to Australia a long time ago.
I've been in Australia for three weeks.
Tom might still be living in Australia.
I've been in Australia for over a year.
Tom might have to go back to Australia.
I'm thinking about moving to Australia.
Tom met Mary while he was in Australia.
I'm the one who has to go to Australia.
Tom married a rich girl from Australia.
Is this your first visit to Australia?
Tom has never been to Australia before.
I've got to go to Australia next week.
Tom moved here from Australia in 2013.
I've decided not to move to Australia.
Tom might not go to Australia with us.
I've decided not to live in Australia.
Tom might not be in Australia anymore.
I've been to Australia numerous times.
Tom might go to Australia next spring.
I've been to Australia more than once.
Tom might go to Australia next Monday.
Tom might come to Australia next week.
I've actually never been to Australia.
Tom might be in Australia next Monday.
Is this your first time in Australia?
Tom may even end up back in Australia.
Is Australia really such a bad place?
Tom may come to Australia next summer.
I've decided to go back to Australia.
Tom passed away in in Australia.
I've come all the way from Australia.
Tom moved to Australia with his wife.
I've bought some land near Australia.
Tom may not even be in Australia now.
I've been to Australia several times.
Tom may have to go back to Australia.
I've been offered a job in Australia.
Tom lost the job he had in Australia.
I've been in Australia since October.
Tom has never been back to Australia.
Is your husband also from Australia?
Tom probably isn't in Australia now.
I've lived in Australia all my life.
Tom owns some property in Australia.
I've decided not to go to Australia.
Tom needs to come back to Australia.
I've been in Australia since Monday.
Tom might go to Australia with Mary.
I've always wanted to see Australia.
Tom might be in Australia with Mary.
I've lived in Australia since 2013.
Tom may not go to Australia with us.
I've just come back from Australia.
Tom may not be in Australia anymore.
I've had a great time in Australia.
Tom may go to Australia next summer.
I've canceled my trip to Australia.
Tom may come back to Australia soon.
I've been in Australia for a while.
Tom may be in Australia next Monday.
I'm thinking of going to Australia.
Tom owns a house in Australia, too.
Last summer, we went to Australia.
Tom needs to get back to Australia.
Is that why you went to Australia?
Tom needed to go back to Australia.
Is Australia a nice place to live?
Tom moved to Australia last winter.
Is Australia a good place to live?
Tom might end up back in Australia.
I've just returned from Australia.
Tom may go to Australia next month.
I've got to get back to Australia.
Tom married a woman from Australia.
I've decided to stay in Australia.
Tom ought to go back to Australia.
I've decided to move to Australia.
Tom needs to go back to Australia.
I've been to Australia many times.
Tom moved to Australia last month.
I've been in Australia since 2013.
Tom moved to Australia in October.
I'm very happy to be in Australia.
Tom might not be in Australia now.
In fact, I was born in Australia.
Tom may go to Australia next week.
I've only been to Australia once.
Tom married a girl from Australia.
I've got to get out of Australia.
Tom made plans to visit Australia.
I've been to Australia only once.
Tom no longer lives in Australia.
Let me go to Australia with you.
Tom must already be in Australia.
It'll be fun to visit Australia.
Tom moved to Australia last year.
I've decided to visit Australia.
Tom might come to Australia soon.
I've decided to leave Australia.
Tom might be lonely in Australia.
I've decided to go to Australia.
Tom may end up back in Australia.
I've lived in Australia before.
Tom needed to stay in Australia.
I've just arrived in Australia.
Tom might still be in Australia.
I've always lived in Australia.
Tom may not be in Australia now.
Last year, I was in Australia.
Tom may have left for Australia.
I've got friends in Australia.
Tom made it as far as Australia.
I've found a job in Australia.
Tom has never gone to Australia.
I've been to Australia before.
Tom planned to go to Australia.
I've been in Australia before.
Tom ought to stay in Australia.
I've visited Australia twice.
I've moved back to Australia.
Tom may have gone to Australia.
I've just moved to Australia.
Tom might not be in Australia.
I've gone to Australia twice.
Tom might be in Australia now.
I've also lived in Australia.
Tom met his wife in Australia.
I'm working in Australia now.
Tom may still be in Australia.
I've visited Australia once.
Tom loved living in Australia.
I've just visited Australia.
Tom ought to visit Australia.
I've just come to Australia.
Tom ought to go to Australia.
I've got to leave Australia.
Tom often comes to Australia.
I've got to go to Australia.
Tom needs to go to Australia.
I've got a job in Australia.
Tom may go to Australia soon.
I've always liked Australia.
Tom loves being in Australia.
I've also visited Australia.
Tom moved back to Australia.
I'm very happy in Australia.
Tom may not be in Australia.
Is Australia very far away?
Tom may be in Australia now.
Life in Australia is good.
Tom might go to Australia.
I've never left Australia.
Tom might be in Australia.
I'm working in Australia.
I've moved to Australia.
Tom loved it in Australia.
I've lived in Australia.
Tom must be in Australia.
I've been in Australia.
Tom may be in Australia.
I'm tired of Australia.
Tom misses Australia.
I've missed Australia.
Tom loved Australia.
You also know I can't do that.
Tom lived with his uncle in Australia while going to college.
I'm still in Australia.
Tom lives in Australia with his wife and his three children.
I'm stuck in Australia.
Tom lived with his uncle before he came to Australia.
I'm staying in Australia.
Tom lived in Australia when he was in college.
I'm studying in Australia.
Tom lives in Australia with his grandparents.
I'm still here in Australia.
Tom lives in the southern part of Australia.
I'm stuck here in Australia.
Tom lives on the other side of Australia.
I'm staying in Australia now.
Tom lives in Australia with his children.
I'm still living in Australia.
Tom lives with his parents in Australia.
I'm still working in Australia.
Tom lives in Australia with his parents.
I'm supposed to be in Australia.
Tom lived with his parents in Australia.
I'm really going to miss Australia.
Tom lived most of his life in Australia.
I'm really starting to hate Australia.
Tom lives with his father in Australia.
I'm supposed to be in Australia today.
Tom lives with his family in Australia.
I'm really happy to be back in Australia.
Tom lives in Australia with his mother.
I'm still not used to living in Australia.
Tom lives in Australia with his family.
I'm supposed to go to Australia next week.
Tom lives with his wife in Australia.
I'm supposed to go to Australia in October.
Tom lives in Australia, doesn't he?
I'm supposed to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom lives by himself in Australia.
I'm seriously considering moving to Australia.
Tom lives and works in Australia.
I'm really looking forward to going to Australia.
Tom lived in Australia, right?
I'm supposed to go to Australia the week after next.
Tom lives alone in Australia.
I'm stuck here in Australia until the job is finished.
Tom lives in Australia, too.
I'm still in Australia, but I'll be back home the day after tomorrow.
Tom lives in Australia now.
I'm supposed to go to Australia next week to attend a wedding.
I will sleep.
I need to study more.
Where does your sister live?
We might have misunderstood them.
With gushing tears I bid the pair farewell. / "Live happy ye, whose destinies are o'er; / we still must wander where the Fates compel."
How can we measure the depth of a valley?
Take a knife from the kitchen.
We are singing.
Everyone is singing.
Everyone was singing.
Tom lived happily.
It is visiting hour.
This is a drop of water.
No one followed Tom.
No one greeted Tom.
This is one design.
Nothing is more pleasant for me than talking with you.
Tom's eyes are very red.
At first it was complicated, but now it's great.
Tom recounted everything as it happened.
When were you in Rome?
Check if everything is correct.
Mary lives downtown.
The restaurant is downtown.
Why are your eyes red?
I came to congratulate you.
No one thinks Tom is worthy of praise.
No one thinks Mary is worthy of praise.
We have convinced him.
There are many shops downtown.
Tom isn't as tired as Mary.
He is sick at heart because of that.
Tom is Austrian, but lives in Australia, because he loves kangaroos.
We will already see it.
Stop, people are already looking.
The jokes that Tom makes about the land of kangaroos don't make us think that he will be a very successful comedian.
Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose.
Tom lived in Australia when he was a kid.
Tom lived in Australia when he was a child.
I'm sure glad I don't live in Australia.
I'm sure glad that I don't live in Australia.
I'm so happy I left Australia.
I'm so happy that I left Australia.
I'm sorry I came to Australia.
I'm sorry that I came to Australia.
I'm sorry I went to Australia.
I'm sorry that I went to Australia.
I'm really glad I moved to Australia.
I'm really glad that I moved to Australia.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Australia is call home.
I'm pretty sure that the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Australia is call home.
I'm pretty sure I'll be in Australia in October.
I'm pretty sure that I'll be in Australia in October.
I'm not so sure I want to go to Australia.
I'm not so sure that I want to go to Australia.
I'm not going to pretend I don't want to go to Australia.
I'm not going to pretend that I don't want to go to Australia.
I'm happy we came to Australia.
I'm happy that we came to Australia.
I'm happy I left Australia.
I'm happy that I left Australia.
Tom lived in Australia until he was thirty.
Tom lived in Australia until he was thirty years old.
Tom lived in Australia for three years when he was a kid.
Tom lived in Australia for three years when he was a child.
Tom let me know he was planning to stay in Australia for three weeks.
Tom let me know that he was planning to stay in Australia for three weeks.
Tom let me know he planned on staying in Australia until his money ran out.
Tom let me know that he planned on staying in Australia until his money ran out.
Tom let me know he planned to stay in Australia until his money ran out.
Tom let me know that he planned to stay in Australia until his money ran out.
Tom let me know he was planning on staying in Australia for three weeks.
Tom let me know that he was planning on staying in Australia for three weeks.
Tom left Australia when he was thirty.
Tom left Australia when he was thirty years old.
Tom learned later Mary wasn't planning to live in Australia.
Tom learned later that Mary wasn't planning to live in Australia.
Tom knows why Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom knows why Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom knows Mary went to Australia.
Tom knows that Mary went to Australia.
Tom knows I used to live in Australia.
Tom knows that I used to live in Australia.
Tom knows Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom knows that Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom knows more about Australia than me.
Tom knows more about Australia than I do.
Tom knows Mary isn't planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom knows that Mary isn't planning to go to Australia with him.
Tom knows Mary likes Australia.
Tom knows that Mary likes Australia.
Tom knows Mary would rather not go to Australia.
Tom knows that Mary would rather not go to Australia.
Tom knew that Mary didn't plan on staying in Australia much longer.
Tom knew that Mary didn't plan to stay in Australia much longer.
Tom knew Mary didn't plan on staying in Australia much longer.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she was going to go to Australia.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she was going to go to Australia.
Tom knew that Mary told everybody she wasn't going to go to Australia.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to go to Australia.
Tom knew that he was going to have a good time in Australia.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be able to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom knew that he'd never come back to Australia again.
Tom knew that I was in Australia.
Tom knew that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to go to Australia with her.
Tom knew that Mary wanted to move to Australia.
Tom knew that Mary was from Australia.
Tom knew that Mary was in Australia.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't from Australia even though she said she was.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't from Australia.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to go to Australia with John.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't in Australia.
Tom just told me he doesn't plan to stay in Australia.
Tom just told me that he doesn't plan to stay in Australia.
Tom just announced he'd be moving to Australia.
Tom just announced that he'd be moving to Australia.
Tom just found out he has to move to Australia.
Tom just found out that he has to move to Australia.
Tom Jackson's obituary said he was born in Australia.
Tom Jackson's obituary said that he was born in Australia.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom isn't the only one I know in Australia.
Tom isn't the only one that I know in Australia.
Tom isn't the only one here from Australia.
Tom isn't the only one here that is from Australia.
Tom isn't the only friend Mary has in Australia.
Tom isn't the only friend that Mary has in Australia.
Tom is the person Mary wants to go to Australia with.
Tom is the person that Mary wants to go to Australia with.
Tom is the only person I know in Australia.
Tom is the only person that I know in Australia.
Tom is the only one who didn't know Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom is the only one who didn't know that Mary had moved to Australia.
Tom is the only one I know who has been to Australia.
Tom is the only one that I know who has been to Australia.
Tom is the only friend Mary has in Australia.
Tom is the only friend that Mary has in Australia.
Tom is the only friend I have here in Australia.
Tom is the only friend that I have here in Australia.
Tom is the first person I met when I came to Australia.
Tom is the first person that I met when I came to Australia.
Tom is sure Mary didn't really go to Australia last week.
Tom is sure that Mary didn't really go to Australia last week.
I'm going to Australia this fall.
I'm going to Australia this autumn.
I'm glad you stayed in Australia for an extra three days.
I'm glad that you stayed in Australia for an extra three days.
I'm glad to hear you're happy in Australia.
I'm glad to hear that you're happy in Australia.
I'm glad I came to Australia.
I'm glad that I came to Australia.
I'm glad I didn't go to Australia last month.
I'm glad that I didn't go to Australia last month.
I'm glad I didn't have to live in Australia for more than three years.
I'm glad that I didn't have to live in Australia for more than three years.
I'm glad I left Australia.
I'm glad that I left Australia.
I'm glad I stayed in Australia for a week longer than I'd planned to.
I'm glad that I stayed in Australia for a week longer than I'd planned to.
I'm glad I visited Australia.
I'm glad that I visited Australia.
I'm glad I went to Australia.
I'm glad that I went to Australia.
I'm glad we stayed in Australia an extra week.
I'm glad that we stayed in Australia an extra week.
I'm glad we visited Australia.
I'm glad that we visited Australia.
I'm glad we went to Australia.
I'm glad that we went to Australia.
I'll be in Australia until October 20th.
I'll be in Australia until October twentieth.
I'll be in Australia for another three days.
I'll be in Australia for three more days.
I'll be in Australia for another three weeks.
I'll be in Australia for three more weeks.
I'll be in Australia for another three months.
I'll be in Australia for three more months.
I'll remain in Australia for three more weeks.
I'll remain in Australia for another three weeks.
I'll never forget the time you and I went to Australia together.
I'll never forget the time that you and I went to Australia together.
I'll never forget the time when you and I went to Australia together.
I'll be staying here in Australia for at least three more months.
I'll be staying here in Australia for at least another three months.
I'll be in Australia till October 20th.
Tom is probably planning to stay in Australia until October.
Tom is probably planning on staying in Australia until October.
Tom is probably not going to go to Australia with us.
Tom probably isn't going to go to Australia with us.
Tom is now either in Australia or in New Zealand.
Tom is now either in Australia or New Zealand.
Tom is looking at the pictures Mary took in Australia.
Tom is looking at the pictures that Mary took in Australia.
Tom is hoping he can go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom is hoping that he can go to Australia with Mary next summer.
I won't tell anybody you're in Australia.
I won't tell anyone that you're in Australia.
I won't tell anyone you're in Australia.
I won't tell anybody that you're in Australia.
I didn't stay in Australia as long as Tom.
I didn't stay in Australia as long as Tom did.
I won't stay in Australia as long as Tom.
I won't stay in Australia as long as Tom will.
I wish you'd stay in Australia a few more weeks.
I wish that you'd stay in Australia a few more weeks.
I wish I could be in Australia now.
I wish that I could be in Australia now.
I wish I could be in Australia right now.
I wish that I could be in Australia right now.
I wish I could go back to Australia.
I wish that I could go back to Australia.
I wish I could go to Australia with you.
I wish that I could go to Australia with you.
I wish I could go to Australia.
I wish that I could go to Australia.
I wish I could live in Australia.
I wish that I could live in Australia.
I wish I could spend more time in Australia.
I wish that I could spend more time in Australia.
I wish I could stay in Australia a little longer.
I wish that I could stay in Australia a little longer.
I wish I could stay in Australia longer.
I wish that I could stay in Australia longer.
I wish I could take you back to Australia with me when I go.
I wish that I could take you back to Australia with me when I go.
I wish I could visit Australia.
I wish that I could visit Australia.
I wish I could've stayed in Australia little longer.
I wish that I could've stayed in Australia little longer.
I wish I could've stayed in Australia longer.
I wish that I could've stayed in Australia longer.
I wish I didn't have to go to Australia next week.
I wish that I didn't have to go to Australia next week.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia last month.
I wish that I hadn't gone to Australia last month.
I wish I hadn't gone to Australia.
I wish that I hadn't gone to Australia.
I wish I lived in Australia.
I wish that I lived in Australia.
I wish I were able to visit Australia more often.
I wish that I were able to visit Australia more often.
I wish I were back in Australia.
I wish that I were back in Australia.
I wish I were in Australia now.
I wish that I were in Australia now.
I wish I were in Australia right now.
I wish that I were in Australia right now.
I wish I were in Australia.
I wish that I were in Australia.
I wish I were still living in Australia.
I wish that I were still living in Australia.
I wish I'd been able to visit you when I was in Australia.
I wish that I'd been able to visit you when I was in Australia.
I wish I'd come to Australia.
I wish that I'd come to Australia.
I wish I'd gone to Australia.
I wish that I'd gone to Australia.
I wish I'd never visited Australia.
I wish that I'd never visited Australia.
I wish I'd visited Australia.
I wish that I'd visited Australia.
I wish we could go back to Australia.
I wish that we could go back to Australia.
I wish we could go to Australia.
I wish that we could go to Australia.
I wish we could stay in Australia a little longer.
I wish that we could stay in Australia a little longer.
I wish we could stay in Australia longer.
I wish that we could stay in Australia longer.
I wish we hadn't come to Australia.
I wish that we hadn't come to Australia.
I wish we hadn't gone to Australia.
I wish that we hadn't gone to Australia.
I wish we were still in Australia.
I wish that we were still in Australia.
I wish we'd gone to Australia, too.
I wish that we'd gone to Australia, too.
I wish we'd had time to visit you while we were in Australia.
I wish that we'd had time to visit you while we were in Australia.
I wish we'd stayed in Australia a little longer.
I wish that we'd stayed in Australia a little longer.
I wish we'd stayed in Australia for another week.
I wish that we'd stayed in Australia for another week.
I wish we'd stayed in Australia longer.
I wish that we'd stayed in Australia longer.
I wish we'd visited Australia.
I wish that we'd visited Australia.
I wish you wouldn't go to Australia.
I wish that you wouldn't go to Australia.
I wish you'd come to Australia.
I wish that you'd come to Australia.
I wish you'd consider coming back to Australia.
I wish that you'd consider coming back to Australia.
I wish you'd stay in Australia for another week or two.
I wish that you'd stay in Australia for another week or two.
Tom is upset Mary is going to Australia without him.
Tom is upset that Mary is going to Australia without him.
Tom hopes he can visit Australia before he dies.
Tom hopes that he can visit Australia before he dies.
Tom hopes he can to stay in Australia until next October.
Tom hopes that he can to stay in Australia until next October.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
Tom hopes that he doesn't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
Tom hopes he'll be able to get back to Australia next October.
Tom hopes that he'll be able to get back to Australia next October.
Tom hopes Mary will visit Australia.
Tom hopes that Mary will visit Australia.
Tom hoped Mary would stay in Australia for a while.
Tom hoped that Mary would stay in Australia for a while.
Tom hasn't told me where he's planning to stay in Australia.
Tom hasn't told me where he's planning on staying in Australia.
Tom has two brothers. They both live in Australia.
Tom has two brothers. Both of them live in Australia.
Tom has two brothers. One lives in Australia and the other one lives in New Zealand.
Tom has two brothers. One lives in Australia and the other lives in New Zealand.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week, but something came up and I couldn't.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week, but something came up and I couldn't go.
Tom might want to go to Boston with Mary this coming Monday.
Tom left Australia.
I'm calling to see if you'd be interested in going to Australia with me next month.
Tom hated Australia.
I'll be going to Australia next week, but I'm not really looking forward to it.
Tom knows Australia.
I'll never forget how nice you were to me when I first moved to Australia.
Tom likes Australia.
I went home and told my wife about the job I'd been offered in Australia.
Tom isn't in Australia.
I'll tell you some things about Australia that you probably don't know.
Tom is back in Australia.
I'd like to know whether you'd like to go to Australia with us or not.
Tom is here in Australia.
I'm going back to Australia as soon as this project is finished.
Tom isn't from Australia.
I'd like to visit Australia at least one more time before I die.
Tom knows Australia well.
I'll probably be back in Australia a couple of times next year.
Tom has visited Australia.
I would've gone to Australia with you if my parents had let me.
Tom is based in Australia.
I'm going to live in Australia for at least three more years.
Tom likes it in Australia.
I'll come to Australia and help you remodel your house.
Tom is also from Australia.
I'd have gone to Australia with you if my parents had let me.
Tom is buried in Australia.
I wasn't at the meeting last week because I was in Australia.
Tom is coming to Australia.
I wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as I'd planned to.
Tom is moving to Australia.
I'll be staying here in Australia for at least three months.
Tom isn't in Australia now.
I'll be living in Australia with my grandparents next year.
Tom left Australia in 2013.
I won't be able to stay in Australia as long as I want to.
Tom left Mary in Australia.
I wasn't able to stay in Australia as long as I wanted to.
Tom is already in Australia.
I was thinking maybe I should go to Australia next summer.
Tom is halfway to Australia.
I'm going to be back in Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom is headed for Australia.
I'm going to Australia next week with some of my friends.
Tom is in Australia already.
I'd hoped I could stay in Australia for three more weeks.
Tom is staying in Australia.
I'm probably not going to do that when I'm in Australia.
Tom is working in Australia.
I'm going to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
Tom hates going to Australia.
I'll be spending most of my time in Australia next year.
Tom headed back to Australia.
I'd like to know how long you plan to stay in Australia.
Tom hoped to go to Australia.
I wouldn't work in Australia even if you paid me double.
Tom hoped to visit Australia.
I'm never going to let you go to Australia by yourself.
Tom hopes to visit Australia.
I'm looking forward to spending some time in Australia.
Tom is from Australia, right?
I won't be able to go to Australia with you next month.
Tom is here in Australia now.
I was thinking about moving to Australia when I retire.
Tom is in Australia, I think.
I'm going to miss all of you when I move to Australia.
Tom is probably in Australia.
I'm going to be heading back to Australia after lunch.
Tom is studying in Australia.
I'll go to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
Tom isn't going to Australia.
I'll be staying in Australia for at least three weeks.
Tom left Australia on Monday.
I'd like to know how long you plan to be in Australia.
Tom left Australia yesterday.
I wouldn't have gone to Australia if I didn't have to.
Tom likes to go to Australia.
I went to Australia for three days on a business trip.
Tom hates coming to Australia.
I was only able to stay in Australia for a short time.
Tom hates living in Australia.
I'm not planning on staying in Australia much longer.
Tom invited Mary to Australia.
I'm going to Australia next week for a job interview.
Tom is currently in Australia.
I'll take you to Australia with me one of these days.
Tom is in Australia this week.
I'd like to stay in Australia for another week or so.
Tom is in Australia with Mary.
I went to Australia when I was a high school student.
Tom is in Australia, it seems.
I wasn't planning to go to Australia until next week.
Tom is in prison in Australia.
I'm not going to take you back to Australia with me.
Tom is no longer in Australia.
I'm going to be in Australia for two or three years.
Tom is somewhere in Australia.
I'll probably still be in Australia on October 20th.
Tom isn't living in Australia.
I would've stayed in Australia longer if I could've.
Tom isn't really in Australia.
I'm planning to stay in Australia for three months.
Tom knows Australia very well.
I'm not planning on staying in Australia very long.
Tom likes living in Australia.
I'm going to stay in Australia for a few more days.
Tom has visited Australia once.
I'm going to be in Australia next week on business.
Tom is going to Australia, too.
I'll stay in Australia until the Monday after next.
Tom is going to love Australia.
I'll call you as soon as I get back from Australia.
Tom is relocating to Australia.
I'll be staying here in Australia for three months.
Tom is very happy in Australia.
I'll be returning to Australia sometime next month.
Tom is well-known in Australia.
I would've visited Australia if I'd had the chance.
Tom isn't in Australia anymore.
I would've gone to Australia if I'd had the chance.
Tom knows Australia inside out.
I won't stay in Australia for more than three days.
Tom is coming back to Australia.
I went to Australia a few times when I was younger.
Tom is eager to go to Australia.
I was thinking about going to Australia next month.
Tom is headed back to Australia.
I need to be in Australia for at least three weeks.
Tom is in Australia on business.
I'm not planning to stay in Australia much longer.
Tom is moving back to Australia.
I'm going to a conference in Australia next month.
Tom is now staying in Australia.
I'm going to Australia for a few days on business.
Tom is now working in Australia.
I'll be in Australia until the day after tomorrow.
Tom is working in Australia now.
I'll be based in Australia for the next few years.
Tom killed himself in Australia.
I'd have come to Australia with you if I could've.
Tom later returned to Australia.
I'm planning to move back to Australia next year.
Tom left Australia the next day.
I'm going to be in Australia the week after next.
Tom likes Australia, doesn't he?
I'll be going to Australia on business next week.
Tom has visited Australia before.
I'd rather live in Australia than in New Zealand.
Tom hasn't yet been to Australia.
I'd like to see you before I leave for Australia.
Tom is a journalist in Australia.
I wonder how long it'll take to get to Australia.
Tom is definitely from Australia.
I wasn't interested in going to Australia anyway.
Tom is here in Australia with me.
I'm not planning to stay in Australia very long.
Tom is hoping to go to Australia.
I'm going to come back to Australia next summer.
Tom is probably in Australia now.
I'll be in Australia until the end of the month.
Tom just returned from Australia.
I'll be in Australia for at least one more week.
Tom knew why Mary left Australia.
I'd love to go to Australia with you in October.
Tom likes Australia, but I don't.
I worked in Australia for just over three years.
Tom lived in Australia for years.
I was thinking about our first day in Australia.
Tom lived in Australia last year.
I'm planning to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom hasn't ever been to Australia.
I'm not going to stay in Australia much longer.
Tom is a taxi driver in Australia.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in Australia.
Tom is going to Australia as well.
I'm likely to still be in Australia in October.
Tom is going to Australia with me.
I'm going to get back from Australia on Monday.
Tom is going to move to Australia.
I'm going to Australia next week for a meeting.
Tom is leaving Australia tomorrow.
I'll be in Australia just until New Year's Eve.
Tom is still in jail in Australia.
I'll be in Australia for the next three months.
Tom is still working in Australia.
I'll be in Australia for a few days next month.
Tom is trying to get to Australia.
I'd go to Australia with you if I had the time.
Tom is visiting Mary in Australia.
I went back to Australia last month for a week.
Tom isn't going back to Australia.
I'm not the only Canadian living in Australia.
Tom isn't really in Australia now.
I'm not going to let you go back to Australia.
Tom isn't well-known in Australia.
I'm moving back to Australia after I graduate.
Tom knows nothing about Australia.
I'm likely to still be in Australia next year.
Tom later moved back to Australia.
I'm having a wonderful time here in Australia.
Tom left Australia a few days ago.
I'm going to Australia to live with my father.
Tom left Australia three days ago.
I'm going to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom lied about being in Australia.
I'm flying to Australia the Monday after next.
Tom likes Australia and I do, too.
I'll probably still be in Australia on Monday.
Tom likes talking about Australia.
I wonder how many Canadians live in Australia.
Tom likes to talk about Australia.
I won't go to Australia unless you go with me.
Tom intends to return to Australia.
I went to Australia with my brother last year.
Tom is back in Australia, isn't he?
I was in Australia last summer for three days.
Tom is coming to Australia with us.
I'm not so sure if I want to go to Australia.
Tom is coming with me to Australia.
I'm not likely go to Australia until October.
Tom is coming with us to Australia.
I'm going to stay with my uncle in Australia.
Tom is going to Australia tomorrow.
I'm going to be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom is halfway to Australia by now.
I'm going to Australia on business next week.
Tom is here in Australia, isn't he?
I'm going to Australia next month to do that.
Tom is in Australia until tomorrow.
I'm coming to Australia the month after next.
Tom is my only friend in Australia.
I'll visit my uncle in Australia this summer.
Tom is probably still in Australia.
I'll visit my uncle in Australia next summer.
Tom is supposed to be in Australia.
I'll stay in Australia for at least one week.
Tom is supposed to go to Australia.
I'll probably not be in Australia next month.
Tom is well respected in Australia.
I'll go to Australia sometime before October.
Tom isn't coming back to Australia.
I'll be staying in Australia for three weeks.
Tom knows why Mary is in Australia.
I'd go to Australia right away if I were you.
Tom leaves for Australia next week.
I would've loved going to Australia with you.
Tom left Australia three weeks ago.
I worked on a farm when I lived in Australia.
Tom likes Australia more than I do.
I was still living in Australia at that time.
Tom lived in Australia for a while.
I was in Australia when I was in high school.
Tom intends to go back to Australia.
I'm not going to go to Australia this month.
Tom is about to leave for Australia.
I'm looking for information about Australia.
Tom is already halfway to Australia.
I'm likely to go to Australia in the spring.
Tom is at a conference in Australia.
I'm going to travel to Australia next month.
Tom is getting married in Australia.
I'm going to stay with my aunt in Australia.
Tom is going back to Australia soon.
I'm going to stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom is going to Australia on Monday.
I'm going to be in Australia until tomorrow.
Tom is going to school in Australia.
I'm going to Australia the month after next.
Tom is in Australia on business now.
I'll visit my uncle in Australia next month.
Tom is in Australia, but Mary isn't.
I'll most likely be going back to Australia.
Tom is leaving Australia next month.
I'd really like to go to Australia with you.
Tom is planning a trip to Australia.
I'd rather not spend much time in Australia.
Tom is visiting Australia, isn't he?
I'd be in Australia right now if I could be.
Tom is visiting family in Australia.
I wouldn't be opposed to going to Australia.
Tom isn't in Australia, but Mary is.
I was supposed to go to Australia last week.
Tom knew why Mary went to Australia.
I was penniless when I arrived in Australia.
Tom left Australia a few months ago.
I'm planning on getting a job in Australia.
Tom left Australia in early October.
I'm not opposed to going back to Australia.
Tom left Australia three months ago.
I'm not going to go to Australia next year.
Tom hasn't been to Australia in ages.
I'm not going to go to Australia next week.
Tom is a French teacher in Australia.
I'm going to spend next month in Australia.
Tom is a reporter based in Australia.
I'm going to Australia to attend a wedding.
Tom is also from Australia, isn't he?
I'm definitely not going back to Australia.
Tom is coming to Australia, isn't he?
I'll start working in Australia in October.
Tom is currently living in Australia.
I'll be in Australia on business next week.
Tom is determined to go to Australia.
I'll be in Australia by this time tomorrow.
Tom is from Australia and so is Mary.
I'll be here in Australia for three months.
Tom is going to Australia in October.
I'd still like to go to Australia with you.
Tom is going to Australia next month.
I would've gone to Australia if I could've.
Tom is going to college in Australia.
I was in Australia in October of last year.
Tom is going to go back to Australia.
I, too, have been to Australia many times.
Tom is going to go to Australia next.
I'm planning to visit Australia next year.
Tom is going to love it in Australia.
I'm not going to go to Australia with you.
Tom is going to visit Australia soon.
I'm looking forward to visiting Australia.
Tom is in Australia with his parents.
I'm looking forward to going to Australia.
Tom is likely to be in Australia now.
I'm going to fly to Australia next Monday.
Tom is living somewhere in Australia.
I'm going to come to Australia in October.
Tom is moving to Australia next week.
I'm getting ready to go back to Australia.
Tom is moving to Australia next year.
I'll probably never go to Australia again.
Tom is no longer living in Australia.
I'll be going back to Australia on Monday.
Tom is probably already in Australia.
I'd like to visit Australia in the spring.
Tom just got back to Australia today.
I'd like to go to Australia again someday.
Tom leaves for Australia next Monday.
I won't be staying in Australia very long.
Tom lived half his life in Australia.
I was raised in an orphanage in Australia.
Tom lived in Australia before, right?
I was living in Australia three years ago.
Tom lived in Australia until he died.
I was living in Australia a few years ago.
Tom has very few friends in Australia.
I was in Australia last week with my wife.
Tom hasn't actually been to Australia.
I'm not interested in going to Australia.
Tom hasn't been to Australia in years.
I'm never coming back to Australia again.
Tom hasn't been to Australia recently.
I'm hoping to go to Australia next month.
Tom intends to come back to Australia.
I'm having a good time here in Australia.
Tom is a Canadian living in Australia.
I'm going to work in Australia next year.
Tom is already in Australia, isn't he?
I'm going to visit Australia next summer.
Tom is always talking about Australia.
I'm going to go to Australia next Monday.
Tom is coming to Australia next month.
I'm going to be in Australia next summer.
Tom is considering going to Australia.
I'm going to be in Australia next spring.
Tom is enjoying his life in Australia.
I'm going to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom is going to Australia this spring.
I'm flying to Australia tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to Australia this winter.
I'll teach French in Australia next year.
Tom is going to Australia to see Mary.
I'll probably go to Australia in October.
Tom is in Australia for another month.
I'll be in Australia for just three days.
Tom is married and lives in Australia.
I'll be in Australia about a month or so.
Tom is never going to leave Australia.
I'd rather not visit Australia right now.
Tom is probably not even in Australia.
I'd like to visit Australia before I die.
Tom is thinking of going to Australia.
I'd have gone to Australia if I could've.
Tom isn't living in Australia anymore.
I wouldn't visit Australia if I were you.
Tom isn't supposed to be in Australia.
I wouldn't go to Australia if I were you.
Tom knows very little about Australia.
I won't be living in Australia next year.
Tom left Australia in October of 2013.
I won't be coming to Australia this year.
Tom likes Australia, but Mary doesn't.
I went to elementary school in Australia.
Tom lived in Australia for many years.
I'm not used to living in Australia yet.
Tom lived in Australia his whole life.
I'm not supposed to be in Australia now.
Tom hasn't been in Australia very long.
I'm going to be in Australia for a week.
Tom hoped to live in Australia one day.
I'm going to be in Australia all summer.
Tom hoped to one day live in Australia.
I'm going to Australia for three months.
Tom is Mary's only friend in Australia.
I'm going to Australia for the holidays.
Tom is a journalist based in Australia.
I'm going to Australia for a conference.
Tom is coming to Australia for a visit.
I'm going to Australia again next month.
Tom is currently studying in Australia.
I'm considering going back to Australia.
Tom is having a good time in Australia.
I'm coming back to Australia in October.
Tom is having a nice time in Australia.
I'll try to get to Australia next month.
Tom is likely to still be in Australia.
I'll stay in Australia for three months.
Tom is moving to Australia this summer.
I'll stay in Australia as long as I can.
Tom is probably still in Australia now.
I'll send you a postcard from Australia.
Tom is visiting his uncle in Australia.
I'll probably be in Australia next year.
Tom just got back from Australia today.
Tom knows a man who lives in Australia.
I'll be flying to Australia next Monday.
Tom left for Australia three hours ago.
I'd rather not go to Australia with you.
Tom lived in Australia for a few years.
I'd like to return to Australia someday.
Tom lived in Australia for a long time.
I'd go to Australia if I had the chance.
Tom lived in Australia for three years.
I'd be glad to go to Australia with you.
Tom lived in Australia his entire life.
I won't be in Australia for much longer.
Tom lived in Australia three years ago.
I won't be going to Australia this year.
Tom lived in Australia until last year.
I was your age when I came to Australia.
Tom has visited Australia several times.
I was only in Australia for three weeks.
Tom hasn't been to Australia since 2013.
I'm planning to move back to Australia.
Tom hasn't come back from Australia yet.
I'm heading back to Australia tomorrow.
Tom hasn't lived in Australia very long.
I'm going to be in Australia next year.
Tom is coming home from Australia today.
I'm going to be in Australia next week.
Tom is going back to Australia tomorrow.
I'm going to a conference in Australia.
Tom is going to go to Australia with me.
I'm going to Australia for three weeks.
Tom is going to like being in Australia.
I'll be working in Australia next year.
Tom is going to love being in Australia.
I'll be in Australia until next Monday.
Tom is going to visit Mary in Australia.
I wouldn't go to Australia without you.
Tom is in Australia with Mary, isn't he?
I won't be going with you to Australia.
Tom is now at a conference in Australia.
I won't be going to Australia with you.
Tom is somewhere in Australia with Mary.
I went to boarding school in Australia.
Tom is still a taxi driver in Australia.
I wasn't living in Australia last year.
Tom is the only one here from Australia.
I was only in Australia for three days.
Tom is visiting his family in Australia.
I was in Australia most of last summer.
Tom isn't likely to be in Australia now.
I'm not coming to Australia this year.
Tom lived half of his life in Australia.
I'm in Australia doing that right now.
Tom lived in Australia for a short time.
I'm going to take a trip to Australia.
Tom lived in Australia for thirty years.
I'm going to go to Australia tomorrow.
Tom lived in Australia most of his life.
I'm going to be in Australia all week.
Tom Jackson is from our Australia office.
I'll stay in Australia for three days.
Tom hopes to visit Australia next summer.
I'll see you next Monday in Australia.
Tom is going back to Australia on Monday.
I'll be living in Australia next year.
Tom is going to go to Australia, I think.
I'll be in Australia for three months.
Tom is going to love living in Australia.
I'll be going to Australia in October.
Tom is in Australia doing that right now.
I'll be coming back to Australia soon.
Tom is in Australia visiting his parents.
I'd live to live in Australia someday.
Tom is likely go to Australia next month.
I'd like to live in Australia someday.
Tom is now living in Australia, isn't he?
I'd like to know more about Australia.
Tom is on his way to Australia, isn't he?
I'd like to be in Australia right now.
Tom is one of Australia's best attorneys.
I worked in Australia for three years.
Tom isn't really in Australia now, is he?
I won't make you go back to Australia.
Tom lived in Australia for several years.
I went to primary school in Australia.
Tom hasn't actually been to Australia yet.
I was living in Australia at the time.
Tom hopes to extend his stay in Australia.
I was in Australia when that happened.
Tom is coming back to Australia next week.
I was in Australia most of the summer.
Tom is flying back to Australia on Monday.
I'm not working in Australia anymore.
Tom is going to Australia again this year.
I'm not sure if I'll go to Australia.
Tom is going to Australia for three weeks.
I'm not going to Australia this year.
Tom is going to be in Australia next week.
I'm going to be in Australia all month.
Tom is going to be in Australia next year.
I'm going to Australia for Christmas.
Tom is going to go back to Australia soon.
I'm going back to Australia tomorrow.
Tom is going to go to Australia with Mary.
I'm excited about going to Australia.
Tom is going to stay in Australia a while.
I'll stay with my uncle in Australia.
Tom is lucky to still be in Australia now.
I'll go to Australia later this year.
Tom is staying with a friend in Australia.
I'll be in Australia for three weeks.
Tom is supposed to be in Australia by now.
I'd rather be here than in Australia.
Tom is the only guy I know from Australia.
I'd love to go to Australia with you.
Tom is thinking about moving to Australia.
I'd like to go to Australia with you.
Tom knows hardly anything about Australia.
I'd like to buy a house in Australia.
Tom knows who Mary went to Australia with.
I wouldn't want to live in Australia.
Tom should be halfway to Australia by now.
I won't visit Australia on this trip.
Tom has two brothers who live in Australia.
I'm not living in Australia anymore.
Tom hasn't actually ever been to Australia.
I'm moving to Australia next summer.
Tom intended to visit Australia last month.
I'm having a good time in Australia.
Tom is definitely not in Australia anymore.
I'm happy to be moving to Australia.
Tom is getting used to living in Australia.
I'm getting sent to Australia again.
Tom is going back to Australia this summer.
I'll stay in Australia until Monday.
Tom is going to be in Australia all summer.
I'll be in Australia for three days.
Tom is going to be in Australia for a week.
I'll be in Australia for a few days.
Tom is going to go to Australia next month.
I'd stay in Australia if I were you.
Tom is going to go to Australia next week..
I'd like to visit Australia one day.
Tom is going to visit Australia next month.
I'd like to find a job in Australia.
Tom is in Australia attending a conference.
I won't live in Australia next year.
Tom is likely to go to Australia next year.
I won't go to Australia without you.
Tom is likely to still be in Australia now.
I went to grade school in Australia.
Tom is living in Australia with his father.
I went to Australia last month, too.
Tom is never going to go back to Australia.
I was in Australia when it happened.
Tom is one of the richest men in Australia.
I was in Australia three months ago.
Tom is reluctant to move back to Australia.
I was in Australia on Christmas Day.
Tom is still living in Australia, isn't he?
I'm quite happy to be in Australia.
Tom isn't really going to Australia, is he?
I'm never going to Australia again.
I'm looking for a job in Australia.
I'm going to Australia this winter.
Tom Jackson is the richest man in Australia.
I'm going to Australia this summer.
Tom hasn't gone to Australia in a long time.
I'm going to Australia this spring.
Tom is flying back to Australia on the 20th.
I'm going to Australia on business.
Tom is getting ready to leave for Australia.
I'm going to Australia next winter.
Tom is going to be in Australia next Monday.
I'm going to Australia next summer.
Tom is going to be in Australia next summer.
I'm going to Australia next spring.
Tom is going to go to Australia next summer.
I'm going to Australia next Monday.
Tom is going to go to Australia to see Mary.
I'm going to Australia in the fall.
Tom is going to visit Australia this summer.
I'm currently working in Australia.
Tom is leaving Australia tomorrow, isn't he?
I'm currently located in Australia.
Tom is likely to be in Australia in October.
I'm considering going to Australia.
Tom is safer here than he'd be in Australia.
I'm coming to Australia next month.
Tom is still working in Australia, isn't he?
I'm coming to Australia in October.
Tom is visiting his girlfriend in Australia.
I'd heard you'd moved to Australia.
Tom jumped at the chance to go to Australia.
I won't ever go to Australia again.
Tom knew why Mary wanted to go to Australia.
I won't be in Australia next month.
Tom learned a lot about Australia from Mary.
I won't be in Australia in October.
Tom likes living in Australia and I do, too.
I went to high school in Australia.
Tom hopes to be in Australia by late October.
I wasn't in Australia last October.
Tom is back in Australia visiting his family.
I wasn't in Australia at that time.
Tom is either in Australia or in New Zealand.
I was in Australia three years ago.
Tom is going to arrive in Australia tomorrow.
I was in Australia three weeks ago.
Tom is going to go to Australia next weekend.
I'm no longer living in Australia.
Tom is in Australia visiting his grandmother.
I'm never going back to Australia.
Tom is never going to leave Australia, is he?
I'm in Australia for a whole week.
Tom is one of the best swimmers in Australia.
I'm going to go back to Australia.
Tom is still studying in Australia, isn't he?
I'm going to college in Australia.
Tom is supposed to go to Australia next week.
I'm going to Australia this month.
Tom is supposed to go to Australia with Mary.
I'm going to Australia next month.
Tom is the most influential man in Australia.
I'm going to Australia in October.
Tom lived in Australia about three years ago.
I'm determined to go to Australia.
Tom lived in Australia until a few years ago.
I'm currently living in Australia.
Tom hasn't been living in Australia very long.
I'll go back to Australia someday.
Tom is going to come to Australia this summer.
I'll be in Australia until Monday.
Tom is planning to go to Australia next month.
I'll be in Australia next weekend.
Tom is probably not even in Australia anymore.
I'd visit Australia if I were you.
Tom is the one I want to go to Australia with.
I'd really rather be in Australia.
Tom isn't likely to go to Australia with Mary.
I'd rather stay here in Australia.
Tom isn't living in Australia with his father.
I'd prefer not to go to Australia.
Tom just got back from Australia this morning.
I'd love to visit Australia again.
Tom left Australia a few days after Christmas.
I'd like to visit Australia again.
I'd like to go to Australia again.
Tom is going to be in Australia until tomorrow.
I'd go to Australia if I were you.
Tom is now attending a conference in Australia.
I won't go to Australia next year.
Tom is now living in Australia with his father.
I wasn't in Australia last winter.
Tom is suspected of killing a man in Australia.
I was living in Australia in 2013.
Tom is the one who should've gone to Australia.
I was just in Australia last week.
Tom is the one who went to Australia with Mary.
I was in Australia just last week.
Tom isn't likely to be in Australia next month.
I'm going to school in Australia.
Tom left Australia a few days before Christmas.
I'm going to Australia this week.
Tom has two brothers who both live in Australia.
I'm going to Australia on Monday.
Tom is going to Australia on business next week.
I'm going back home to Australia.
Tom is going to be back from Australia tomorrow.
I'm currently based in Australia.
Tom is going to be back in Australia next week..
I'm about to leave for Australia.
Tom is going to be in Australia for three weeks.
I'll work in Australia next year.
Tom is going to stay in Australia until October.
I'll never leave Australia again.
Tom isn't coming back to Australia anytime soon.
I'll go to Australia next summer.
Tom learned how to play the guitar in Australia.
I'll be in Australia next spring.
Tom lied to you about having lived in Australia.
I'd stay in Australia if I could.
Tom likes doing that whenever he's in Australia.
I'd love to go back to Australia.
Tom likes to do that whenever he's in Australia.
I'd like to go back to Australia.
Tom should be about halfway to Australia by now.
I'd come to Australia if I could.
Tom has two sons. Both of them live in Australia.
I won't go to Australia with you.
Tom hasn't been back to Australia in a long time.
I went to Australia to study art.
Tom intends to stay in Australia for three weeks.
I wasn't in Australia last month.
Tom is going to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I was offered a job in Australia.
Tom is going to be back from Australia next week.
I'm planning to visit Australia.
Tom is going to meet Mary somewhere in Australia.
I'm on my way back to Australia.
Tom is the only one here who's been to Australia.
I'm not happy here in Australia.
Tom isn't planning on going to Australia with us.
I'm not going back to Australia.
Tom hasn't lived in Australia for very many years.
I'm going to Australia with you.
Tom hopes to be back in Australia by late October.
I'm going to Australia tomorrow.
Tom is actually on his way to Australia right now.
I'll visit Australia next month.
Tom is becoming accustomed to living in Australia.
I'll never go back to Australia.
Tom is going to Australia at the end of the month.
I'll go to Australia next month.
Tom is going to Australia next week for a meeting.
I'll go to Australia in October.
Tom is going to Australia to live with his father.
I'll be in Australia next month.
Tom is going to be arriving in Australia tomorrow.
I'll be in Australia in October.
Tom is going to be working in Australia next year.
I'll be in Australia all summer.
Tom is going to get back from Australia on Monday.
I'll be going to Australia soon.
Tom is going to move back to Australia in October.
I worked in Australia last year.
Tom is going to visit Mary in Australia next week.
I won't let you go to Australia.
Tom is never going to go back to Australia, is he?
I won't go to Australia, either.
Tom is scheduled to leave for Australia on Monday.
I won't go to Australia anymore.
Tom is thinking of going to Australia next spring.
I won't come to Australia again.
Tom is thinking of going to Australia next winter.
I went to Australia on business.
Tom isn't going to go to Australia with us, is he?
I went to Australia last winter.
Tom knows a man whose daughter lives in Australia.
I wasn't in Australia last year.
Tom Jackson is one of the richest men in Australia.
I, too, have been to Australia.
Tom is considering visiting his uncle in Australia.
I'm on my way to Australia now.
Tom is going to be in Australia two or three years.
I'm not in Australia right now.
Tom is going to be working in Australia next month.
I'm leaving Australia tomorrow.
Tom is married to a woman who grew up in Australia.
I'm in Australia all this week.
Tom is planning to stay in Australia until October.
I'll go to Australia next year.
Tom is probably either in Australia or New Zealand.
I'll be in Australia next week.
Tom is probably going to go to Australia next week.
I'd visit Australia if I could.
Tom is probably going to go to Australia next year.
I'd rather not go to Australia.
Tom is unlikely to want to go to Australia with us.
I'd like to study in Australia.
Tom has two sisters. Both of them live in Australia.
I won't be moving to Australia.
Tom intends to stay in Australia until October 20th.
I went to college in Australia.
Tom is going to be in Australia the week after next.
I went to Australia to do that.
Tom is going to stay in Australia for several weeks.
I went to Australia last month.
Tom is likely either in Australia or in New Zealand.
I went to Australia for a week.
Tom is likely going to be in Australia next October.
I went to Australia a year ago.
Tom is moving to Australia at the end of this month.
I was thinking about Australia.
Tom is planning to stay in Australia for a few days.
I was in Australia last winter.
Tom is seriously thinking about moving to Australia.
I was in Australia last summer.
Tom is staying with one of his friends in Australia.
I was in Australia last spring.
Tom isn't really sure why he has to go to Australia.
I was in Australia last Monday.
Tom knew who Mary was going to go to Australia with.
I'm just a guy from Australia.
Tom learned French while he was living in Australia.
I'm hoping to go to Australia.
Tom hasn't been to Australia as many times as I have.
I'm already back in Australia.
Tom is going to go to Australia the month after next.
I'll see you all in Australia.
Tom is probably going to be in Australia next Monday.
I'd love to live in Australia.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go to Australia with you.
I went to school in Australia.
Tom isn't likely to want to go to Australia with you.
I went to Australia last year.
Tom isn't very likely to go to Australia next summer.
I went to Australia for a job.
Tom left for Australia as soon as he got Mary's call.
I went to Australia by myself.
Tom Jackson was born in Australia on October 20, 1995.
I was in Australia last month.
Tom intends to live in Australia for more than a year.
I was in Australia in October.
Tom is going back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'm ready to leave Australia.
Tom is going to be in Australia next week on business.
I'm ready to go to Australia.
Tom is going to go to Australia on business next week.
I'm now working in Australia.
Tom is going to rent a car and drive around Australia.
I'm now staying in Australia.
Tom is now staying with his grandparents in Australia.
I'm not in Australia anymore.
Tom is one of Australia's most successful businessmen.
I'm never going to Australia.
Tom is planning on staying in Australia until October.
I'm moving back to Australia.
Tom isn't coming back to Australia until next October.
I'm in Australia on business.
Tom Jackson is one of the best detectives in Australia.
I'm headed back to Australia.
Tom hasn't been to Australia as many times as Mary has.
I'm going to visit Australia.
Tom is married, has three kids, and lives in Australia.
I'm going to go to Australia.
Tom is planning to go to Australia next week, isn't he?
I'm eager to visit Australia.
Tom is planning to stay in Australia for several weeks.
I'm eager to go to Australia.
Tom left for Australia as soon as he got Mary's letter.
I'm dying to go to Australia.
Tom has two brothers. Neither of them live in Australia.
I'm coming back to Australia.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since she moved to Australia.
I'll never come to Australia.
Tom hasn't lived in Australia as long as he says he has.
I'd rather live in Australia.
Tom is never going to let you go to Australia with Mary.
I wouldn't live in Australia.
Tom is one of the most influential men in Australia.
I wish to study in Australia.
Tom is planning on staying in Australia for a few weeks.
I was miserable in Australia.
Tom is likely to stay in Australia for at least three weeks.
I was in Australia last week.
Tom isn't here because he's in Australia at a conference.
I'm now living in Australia.
Tom has seriously been thinking about moving to Australia.
I'm not moving to Australia.
Tom is going to be in Australia for at least three months.
I'm living in Australia now.
Tom is going to visit his parents in Australia next month.
I'm going to miss Australia.
Tom is never going to let you go to Australia by yourself.
I'm going back to Australia.
Tom is the only one here who has never lived in Australia.
I'm better off in Australia.
Tom is expecting Mary to come back to Australia next month.
I'll come to Australia soon.
Tom is going to be visiting family in Australia next month.
I'd love to visit Australia.
Tom is going to live in Australia for at least three years.
I wish to stay in Australia.
Tom is going to stay in Australia until the end of October.
I wish to live in Australia.
Tom is probably going to get back from Australia on Monday.
I was in Australia recently.
Tom is probably going to have to go to Australia next week.
I'm on my way to Australia.
Tom is probably going to still be in Australia next Monday.
I'm not going to Australia.
Tom is the one who told me why I needed to go to Australia.
I'm no longer in Australia.
Tom is trying to persuade Mary to go to Australia with him.
I'm in Australia this week.
Tom learned how to do that when he was living in Australia.
I'm in Australia right now.
Tom likes Australia better than any other place he's lived.
I'm dying to see Australia.
Tom is going to go back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'm based in Australia now.
Tom is planning on staying in Australia for only a few days.
I'll never leave Australia.
Tom is probably going to be in Australia two or three years.
I'd rather go to Australia.
Tom is the only one in our family who has been to Australia.
I'd rather be in Australia.
Tom hopes to be able to stay in Australia until next October.
I wasn't born in Australia.
Tom is going to Australia next week with some of his friends.
I was in Australia in 2013.
Tom is going to stay in Australia until the middle of October.
I'm leaving for Australia.
Tom is the only one in our class who hasn't been to Australia.
I'll visit Australia soon.
Tom is never going to let you go to Australia with Mary, is he?
I'll see you in Australia.
Tom is famous, not only here in Australia, but around the world.
I'll do that in Australia.
Tom is the one who took care of my dog while I was in Australia.
I'll be in Australia soon.
Tom likes Australia better than any other place he's ever lived.
I won't work in Australia.
Tom is going to leave for Australia first thing tomorrow morning.
I won't come to Australia.
Tom is never going to let you go to Australia by yourself, is he?
I wish to visit Australia.
Tom is the only one in our family who has ever been to Australia.
I wish to go to Australia.
Tom hasn't been back to Australia since he graduated from college.
I was raised in Australia.
Tom is likely going to go to Australia during his summer vacation.
I'm not in Australia now.
Tom is going to be heading back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I'm headed for Australia.
Tom is well-known, not only here in Australia, but around the world.
I'm already in Australia.
Tom hasn't been back to Australia since he graduated from high school.
I went to Australia, too.
Tom is going to come to Australia next Monday and stay for three weeks.
I'm moving to Australia.
Tom is probably going to stay in Australia until the Monday after next.
I'm living in Australia.
Tom is staying with his relatives in Australia for the next three months.
I'm coming to Australia.
Tom is in charge of making all the arrangements for our trip to Australia.
I won't leave Australia.
Tom is going to be living in Australia with his father after his parents' divorce.
I was just in Australia.
Tom is staying at his uncle's, because his parents have gone to Australia for a couple of weeks.
I was in Australia, too.
Sami talked about this.
Sami apologized for that.
Sami is going to start filming.
Sami wasn't being disrespectful.
Sami decided to make the story more entertaining.
Sami isn't a mean person.
Sami wasn't a mean person.
Sami was not a mean person.
Sami has always wanted to move to Cairo.
Sami was completely independent.
Sami moved out into his apartment.
Sami's mom went home.
Sami's friend came over.
Sami and Layla came back to his apartment.
Sami's story began here.
Sami was in the corner of his bedroom.
Sami said he heard a knock on the door.
Sami saw a woman standing there.
Sami was trying so hard to be quiet.
Sami was being so careful.
Sami isn't supposed to open the door.
Sami left Layla outside.
Sami remembers everything Layla was wearing.
Sami vividly remembers everything Layla was wearing.
Sami was wearing a blue sweatshirt.
Sami brought his dog with him.
Sami lives underneath Layla.
Sami took the bottle of champagne.
Sami probably would have loved it.
Sami was so flustered.
Sami opened up the door and Layla walked in.
Sami lives in a nice place.
Sami didn't know why this was happening.
Sami bought a sixty-dollar bottle of champagne.
Sami liked it here.
Sami completely ignored Layla.
Sami has been trying really hard to be quiet.
Sami worked here before.
Sami is very sensitive to noise.
Sami knows it's really late.
Sami's dog pooped and peed on Layla's floor.
Sami has a dog, too.
Sami has problems with those types of things.
Sami didn't have a trash can.
Sami has just moved in.
Sami really didn't have to do that.
Sami took the dog and left.
Sami heard the door close.
Sami was so dumbfounded.
Sami was kicked out of a nightclub so he decided to move on and carry on with his night, going elsewhere to have fun.
Sami brought me a gift.
Sami remembers the majority of what Layla said.
Sami was so sorry.
Sami enjoyed the champagne.
Sami could understand that.
Sami took my phone.
Sami scared me.
Sami texted her.
Sami was living in that apartment.
Too much confidence leads to treachery.
Sami was calling me by my apartment number.
Sami heard another knock on his door.
Sami's dog started barking and growling.
Sami wasn't there.
Sami is checking his phone.
Sami heard another knock on the door.
Sami kept calling Layla.
Sami just stood there with his mouth open.
Sami was still sitting on the couch.
Sami pays the rent.
Sami can't open the door.
Sami forgot Layla's name.
Sami doesn't say anything.
Sami reeked of alcohol.
Sami is obviously drunk.
Sami looked around the sitting room.
Sami was almost crying.
Sami was so excited to be in that new place.
Sami tried to go home.
Sami begged Layla to stay over.
Sami didn't believe that it happened.
Sami told us what happened.
Sami should make sure that these things don't happen again.
Sami didn't want to worry Layla.
Sami should have told Layla earlier.
Sami said this was weird.
Sami was sitting on his couch.
Sami was just sitting, watching TV.
Sami checked and it was Layla again.
Sami is not an idiot.
Sami didn't open the door.
Sami eventually went away.
Sami received a long message from Layla.
Sami told his fiance what happened.
Sami appreciated Layla's apology.
Sami thanked Layla for her apology.
Sami found this so funny.
Sami was pissed at me.
Sami was just trying to be nice with that lady.
Sami told Layla that everything was fine.
Sami wanted to make a pie.
Sami wasn't allowed in.
Sami wasn't screaming.
Sami was on the couch, talking on his phone.
Sami turned off the camera.
Sami should have kept the camera on.
Sami heard it.
Sami was just talking to his dog.
Sami was knocking on the door for six minutes straight.
Sami brought Layla water.
Sami pushed open the door.
Sami left the bottle of water on the floor.
Sami said nothing.
Sami didn't say a word.
Sami knew Layla's parking spot.
Sami knew Layla's car.
Sami knew Layla's dog.
Sami was getting beat up.
Sami was getting beat up outside.
Sami didn't even say anything.
Sami called Layla and told her what happened.
Sami checked the water bottles and one of them was open.
Sami saw the bottle of champagne.
This web project offers an introduction to Kabyle with lessons and exercises, which will be corrected.
Sami grabbed the bottle of champagne from under his sink.
Sami made an apple pie.
Sami went to talk to his crazy neighbor.
Sami bought six bottles of water.
Sami was chopping apples.
Sami could hear yelling outside.
Sami could hear screaming outside.
Sami heard Layla screaming.
Sami called Layla "stupid bitch."
Sami doesn't pay rent here.
Sami overheard Layla calling security on him.
Sami was just sitting there.
Sami was throwing a party.
Sami called security on that woman.
Sami called security for Layla.
Sami told the security guard what happened.
Sami doesn't allow strangers in.
Sami should also talk to Layla.
Sami packed everything up.
Sami was really very scared.
Sami told Layla everything that happened.
I learn Kabyle through reading and writing.
Sami was given a warning.
Sami was a victim.
Sami didn't feel safe there anymore.
Sami was the nicest man ever.
Sami got that woman evicted.
Sami felt safer.
Sami wanted to move.
Sami didn't know what Layla wanted to move.
Sami lives on this floor.
Sami and Layla live on the same floor.
Sami loves his new place.
Sami absolutely loves his new place.
Sami is Layla's old neighbor.
Sami lives underneath me.
Sami used Layla's sink.
Sami hasn't used his sink at all today.
Sami and Layla are getting married.
Sami is genuinely happy with this place.
Sami says this every time.
Sami is sitting on the floor over here.
Sami was here when this happened.
Sami's story has got a really good ending.
Sami hasn't seen it yet.
Sami is talking to you.
Sami missed the first part of the video.
Sami is a crazy neighbor.
Sami was moving into his new place.
Sami ended up moving to a new unit in the same apartment complex.
Sami moved to that unit in June, 2006.
Sami felt on edge.
Sami comes over to my apartment pretty much every day.
Sami was trying to figure out what kind of car Layla drove.
Sami doesn't know Layla's car.
Sami was trying to remember.
Sami was so obsessed with Layla.
Sami doesn't want to die.
Sami was driving to Layla's apartment.
Sami is in his apartment.
Sami found Layla's car.
Sami is an Uber driver.
Sami drives a very nice car.
Sami drives a very expensive car.
Sami was banging on Layla's window.
Sami told the truth.
Sami saw Layla's car all the time.
Sami didn't have to worry anymore.
Sami moved out of that apartment.
Sami doesn't remember who it was.
Sami was in his family's house.
Sami was walking over to his car.
Sami was probably in his mid-sixties.
Sami wanted to introduced himself but didn't know how.
Sami felt great.
Sami was chilling.
Sami is chilling.
Sami was over.
Sami was packing his bag.
Sami was having a good night.
Sami had a hammer.
Sami's face got really tense.
Sami has endured this before.
Sami is Layla's ex-neighbor.
Sami is used to this.
Sami was very calm.
Sami and Layla were genuinely scared.
Sami is screaming.
Sami isn't sleeping.
Sami was only sixteen.
Sami could hear every single word so clearly.
Sami heard all this yelling.
Sami was very worried.
Sami should go outside.
Sami slept there.
Sami sleeps there.
Sami is sleeping there.
Sami was behind the door.
Sami is not a very fast runner.
Sami didn't open the door for Layla.
Sami stayed inside.
Sami was waiting.
Sami heard a male's voice outside.
Sami saw Layla before.
Sami is a really tall man.
Sami heard what happened.
Sami came over and gave me a hug.
Sami was locked himself in the bathroom.
Sami hasn't slept in this apartment since last week.
Sami got mad at me.
Sami and Layla were sitting in complete silence.
Sami gave Layla a glass of water.
Sami was really sweet.
Sami is Layla's dad.
Sami lived alone.
Sami talked to the police about it.
Sami looked at Layla's door.
Sami has a really thick metal door.
Sami banged on the door so hard.
Sami was banging on the door so hard.
Sami can't come out.
Sami was escorted out by two policemen.
Sami didn't see what happened.
Sami has a video of what happened.
Sami listened to the other half of the tape.
Sami is banging on the door.
Sami was saying really mean things to his neighbor.
Sami showed the cops this video.
Sami heard his neighbor's voice.
Sami was very upset.
Sami was obviously very upset.
Sami's dad is very upset.
Sami is trying to help Layla out.
Sami's dad was a lawyer.
Sami went downstairs.
Sami didn't hear it.
Sami ignored the warning.
Sami has scared everybody.
Sami heard that banging on the door.
Sami wasn't saying anything.
Sami opened his door.
Sami called the building security.
Sami was walking towards us.
Sami was so attractive.
Sami was looking at Layla's boobs.
Sami told us.
Sami didn't realize that.
Sami started laughing.
Sami got scared.
Sami is sad.
Sami was banging on people's doors.
Sami went to sleep after an hour.
Sami has to leave in the morning.
Sami has just arrived.
Sami was sleeping.
Sami was acquitted.
Sami left the airport.
Sami spent one night there.
Sami wanted to check on Layla.
Sami was hired.
Sami is a private detective.
Sami heard screaming.
Sami is a private investigator.
Sami told Layla what he needed.
Sami didn't tell Layla what he needed.
Sami didn't tell Layla what he wanted.
Sami can help you now.
Sami can't help anyone.
Sami is doing super well.
Sami is getting a restraining order against Layla.
Sami is not allowed around these premises anymore.
Sami packed up.
Sami will probably never see Layla again.
Sami is moving in.
Sami has been vlogging like crazy lately.
Sami is back.
Sami is better than ever.
Sami is much blonder than before.
Sami didn't film a video.
Sami wants to come back.
Sami is fixing the lighting.
Sami was banned from college.
Sami is currently not in school.
Sami will be graduating next year.
Sami was in the dorms.
Sami moved into a house.
Sami had three roommates.
Sami's roommates were awesome.
Sami was doing YouTube.
Sami is a famous YouTuber.
Sami truly loved making videos.
Sami focused on college.
Sami wanted to focus on school.
Sami decided to focus on school.
Sami was living in this house.
Mennad lived in this house for a full year.
Sami wanted to finish the film.
Sami was hanging out with his college friends.
Sami lived in a college town.
Layla is not a party girl.
Layla isn't a party girl.
Sami ate snacks.
Sami was getting to graduate.
Sami was getting ready to move to Cairo.
Sami was fine with that.
Sami was dating.
Sami was the designated driver.
Sami was the DD that night.
Sami was the designated driver that night.
Sami doesn't want to be here anymore.
Sami was at the party.
Sami wanted to go to sleep.
Sami wasn't talking to people.
Sami was very intoxicated.
Sami needs to go.
Sami needs to take Layla home.
Sami is a very short person.
Sami is much taller than me.
Sami walked Layla to the car.
Sami started running around.
Sami sat on the couch.
Sami pushed Layla down into the back seat.
Sami started driving to the dorms.
Sami's door opened.
Sami has no idea where Layla lives.
Sami was obviously wrong.
Sami's door won't open.
Sami doesn't know who they were.
Sami was seen hanging out with an older woman.
Sami is walking towards us.
Sami is going to be OK.
Sami was being super nice.
Sami will try to help Layla out.
Sami lives in the dorm.
Sami called the police.
Sami will have to do that.
Sami felt really bad.
Sami sat in the living room.
Sami found that embarrassing.
Sami walked through that door.
Sami was waiting for the cops to come.
Sami was just waiting.
Sami didn't need that much help.
Sami loved watching it.
Sami took Layla to the hospital.
Sami slept for six hours.
Sami asked for Layla's school ID number.
Sami hasn't used his credit card for a full year.
Sami wasn't enrolled in that school.
Sami wrote Layla's name down.
Sami doesn't go to school here.
Sami has got a letter from his school.
Sami is in trouble for something.
Sami was involved in an incident that happened back in June.
Sami told Layla what happened that night.
Sami called the number on the paper.
Sami will tell Layla.
Sami started to get kind of stressed.
Sami will call you back.
Sami is at a meeting right now.
Sami heard nothing from them for another six days.
Sami received a letter from Layla.
Sami won't go to that school.
Sami wasn't very nice.
Sami wanted to hear Layla's side of the story.
Sami's intentions weren't in the right place.
Sami's intentions weren't good.
Sami wanted to get people in trouble.
Sami was threatened.
Sami isn't allowed to attend that school.
Sami knew he didn't do anything wrong.
Sami doesn't even care about that.
Sami has to tell Layla what happened.
Sami doesn't have any desire to attend that school anymore.
Mennad made amazing friends.
Sami doesn't understand why.
Sami was banned from that school.
Sami didn't want to get those people in trouble.
Sami has been banned from college.
Sami wanted justice.
Sami is a roommate from hell.
Sami likes to study.
Sami is studying.
Sami is Farid's new roommate.
Sami can't wait to meet you.
Sami ignored Layla's invitation on Facebook.
Sami can't tell.
Sami lives in the room next to Layla's.
Sami lived in the very last room.
Sami and Layla didn't know each other.
Sami wasn't speaking to any of us.
Sami never said hello to us.
Sami moved his stuff in.
Sami and Layla would always argue and yell.
Sami wasn't going to say anything.
Sami moved out of the apartment.
Sami and Layla were cooking in the kitchen.
Sami walked through the front door.
Sami was trying to be friendly.
Sami didn't want to be friendly with us.
Sami has a kitten.
Sami isn't allowed to have a pet.
Sami needs to get rid of his pet.
Sami lives next to Layla.
Sami's kitten was meowing.
Sami called the office.
Sami unlocked Layla's door.
Sami found a cat in the apartment.
Sami was hiding behind the door.
Sami had to hide.
Sami had an animal living in the apartment.
Sami wasn't following the rules.
Sami's cat is gone.
Sami and Layla were studying.
Sami was walking towards the kitchen.
Sami and Layla were arguing and yelling.
Sami was supposed to follow Layla.
Sami was trying to lock the door.
Sami was in his room.
Sami's window was open.
Sami closed his room door.
Sami was arguing and yelling with somebody on the phone.
Sami heard Layla banging on the door.
Sami doesn't even know Layla's name.
Sami didn't open the front door for Layla.
Sami got on the phone again.
Sami's mom called him.
Sami knows Layla can't hear him.
Sami opened this door.
Sami called the cops on Layla.
Sami has to leave the premises.
Sami and Layla argue every night.
Sami can't be part of this.
Sami is moving out tonight.
Sami moved in with his girlfriend.
Layla moved in with her boyfriend.
Sami is leaving me alone in this apartment.
Sami lured Layla back into that apartment.
Sami couldn't deal with it.
Sami and Layla were arguing constantly.
Sami didn't want to be bothered by this anymore.
Sami walked into Layla's office.
Sami was really confused.
Sami doesn't want to live in this apartment.
Sami and Layla are not friends.
Sami and Layla aren't friends.
Sami was sitting in the office.
Sami said hello a million times.
Sami is not a fighter.
Sami isn't a fighter.
Sami called the manager.
Sami doesn't have any other rooms.
Sami was mistaken.
Sami lives next to me.
Sami and Layla lived with each other for the rest of the school year.
Sami wanted to room with Farid.
Sami has a lot of stories.
Sami has three roommates.
Sami lived in a very dusty and hot room.
Sami was black.
Layla is a party girl.
Sami goes to parties on Saturdays.
Sami never sleeps in this room.
Sami would always come home drunk.
Sami didn't know how to act at all.
Sami would always come back drunk.
Sami was getting ready for a party.
Sami comes back at six.
Sami comes home at six.
Sami's friend was still here.
Sami is on the floor.
Sami heard Layla throwing up.
Sami was throwing up in the bathroom.
Sami threw up all over my bags and backpack.
Sami took Layla to the bathroom.
Sami is throwing up in the bathroom.
Sami cleaned up Layla's vomit.
Sami has quit doing drugs. He isn't going to touch this shit.
Sami's vomit was stinking.
Sami was scrubbing the floor.
Sami threw his backpack into the washing machine.
Sami threw up on Layla's carpet.
Mennad had a lot of pillows on his bed.
Sami is allergic to dust.
Sami was begging.
Sami is a sweet person.
Sami was a sweet person but he was dirty.
Sami can't live with a dirty person.
Sami can't room with a dirty person.
Sami was sweet but filthy.
Sami was clean.
Sami was cleansy clean.
Sami was really clean.
Sami doesn't even know her name.
Sami desinfected the whole room.
Sami desinfected everything in the bathroom.
Sami roomed with three Egyptian students.
Sami and Layla got along pretty well.
Sami noticed that his water bottles were disappearing.
Sami's soda has been disappearing.
Sami had a refrigerator, too.
Sami and Layla have separate fridges.
Sami looked into Layla's fridge.
Sami found his soda in Layla's fridge.
Sami was stealing Layla's soda.
Sami wanted to use Layla's fridge.
Sami likes ginger ale bread.
Sami bought Layla some pizza.
Sami told me that.
Sami told me six days later.
Sami went broke.
Sami was going broke.
Sami knew Layla wasn't broke.
Sami is trying to remember.
Sami loves to go to Cairo.
Sami loves to go to Cairo to visit his cousins.
Layla left her makeup back at home.
Layla realized that her products were gone.
Sami wasn't here in the room.
Layla stole Salima's brushes.
Layla has two sets of brushes.
Sami bought one himself.
Sami didn't steal Layla's stuff.
Sami came in Layla's room.
Sami has been going on a shopping spree.
Sami had some issues with stealing his roommates' things.
Sami's jeans had initials on them.
Sami doesn't wear jeans.
Sami doesn't like jeans.
Sami stole Farid's jeans.
Sami knows it's you.
Sami told me this.
Sami is dark-skinned.
Sami gave this to Layla as a gift.
Sami was lying to me.
Sami was on his phone.
Sami stole my shit.
Sami has got to go out.
Sami came six days later.
Sami left six days later.
Sami is leaving in six days.
Sami wanted to sue the school.
Sami couldn't do this.
Sami left his laptop on.
Sami was still recording.
Sami's camera was still recording.
Sami needed to go to the mall.
Sami needed to go shopping.
Sami moved out downstairs.
Sami and Layla shared the same bedroom.
Sami isn't taking shit anymore.
Sami is not taking shit anymore.
Sami got his stuff back.
Sami got a new roommate.
Sami was stealing his roommate's stuff.
Sami stole my stuff.
Sami will get arrested.
Sami could get arrested.
Sami spoke too fast.
Sami is by himself.
Sami is living lavish.
Sami wished Layla was still here.
Sami was in his first year of university.
Sami probably doesn't know the full story.
Sami decided to tell Layla the story.
Sami started university in 2006.
Sami wanted his own room.
Sami can't share a bedroom with someone.
Sami and Farid fought a lot.
Sami doesn't know Layla at all.
Sami rented a room.
Sami has a six-bedroom apartment.
Sami has his own bedroom.
Sami told you.
Sami will be sharing this apartment with Layla.
Sami and Layla share the same fridge.
Sami talked to one of them.
Sami and Layla went to the same high school.
Sami seemed really nice.
Sami watched too many movies.
Sami has been in Egypt for six years.
Sami started his second year of college in Egypt.
Sami always e-mailed me.
Sami went really early.
Sami got up a bit early in the morning.
Sami was the first one there.
Sami didn't choose his room.
Sami got his room.
Sami packed his stuff up.
Sami came back from campus.
Sami was on campus.
Sami was unpacking his stuff.
Sami bought groceries for a month.
Sami could see that.
Sami doesn't really care about that.
Sami knew where to go.
Sami hated Layla's guts.
Sami read a lot about that.
Sami is gonna try.
Sami is going to try.
Sami closed his locker.
Sami made sure his locker was locked before he left.
Sami left the doors open.
Sami doesn't really care.
Sami doesn't know Layla and she doesn't know him.
Sami left his door open.
Sami came to me.
Sami saw me.
Sami was an idiot.
Sami never said no.
Sami pissed me off.
Sami said he was fine.
Sami and Layla bought the groceries together.
Sami isn't going to eat this thing.
Sami and Layla aren't from the same background.
Sami and Layla are not from the same background.
Sami started classes six days ago.
Sami and Layla were in different faculties.
Sami wanted to talk to his mom.
Sami spent six hundred dollars that day.
Sami doesn't need groceries.
Sami hasn't eaten anything.
Sami wanted to eat pizza.
Sami doesn't eat anything.
Sami spoke to his mom.
Sami was on a diet.
Sami isn't ready yet.
Sami is not ready.
Sami doesn't even know what Layla likes.
Sami is not going to eat it at all.
Sami isn't going to eat it at all.
Sami shouldn't pay for it.
Sami and Layla don't eat the same things.
Sami isn't going to pay for it.
Sami and Layla do things together.
Sami and Layla moved in together.
Sami and Layla didn't eat the same things.
Sami doesn't play poker.
Sami went there by himself.
Sami wanted to stay home.
Sami just stayed home.
Sami invited Layla to his apartment.
Sami wanted to go home.
Sami's roommates weren't there.
Sami told me the following.
Sami was really stupid.
Sami was letting strangers into his apartment.
Sami is naive and crazy.
Sami lives in a big city.
Sami was frightened.
Sami was just frightened.
Sami moved his stuff upstairs.
Sami is gonna watch.
Sami is going to watch.
Sami took his glasses off.
Sami broke Layla's glass.
Sami put the fish in the freezer.
Sami didn't want to fight Farid.
Sami doesn't want to see that.
Sami spoke to his mother about that.
Sami downloaded a new app.
Sami downloaded games.
Sami clicked on the link.
Sami really doesn't know what to talk about.
Sami will tell you what to do step by step.
Sami often forgets how old he is.
Sami has a friend named Layla.
Sami saw Layla in the video.
Sami is going to talk about Layla.
Sami never says no.
Sami didn't invite me.
Sami is the life of the party.
Sami's head was itching.
Sami doesn't like Facebook anymore.
Sami doesn't know them.
Sami was just minding his business.
Sami saw that girl staring at him from afar.
Sami walked by me.
Sami walked by Layla and called her "bitch."
Sami wore a black-and-white striped shirt.
Sami doesn't know what Layla is wearing.
Sami was probably wearing sandals.
Sami left in a cab.
Sami left in a taxi.
Sami hates traffic.
Sami and Layla only had sixty dollars together.
Sami called a taxi for Layla.
Sami doesn't know how to explain this.
Sami was driving.
Sami totalled Layla's car.
Sami couldn't see what Layla was doing.
Sami called us.
Sami wasn't really far away.
Sami wasn't far away.
Sami got a cab ride for free.
Sami was driving a cab.
Sami was driving a taxi.
Sami drove Layla to a hotel.
Sami and I only had six dollars between us.
Sami got to the hotel.
Sami saw Layla in a mall.
Sami saw Layla on YouTube.
Sami bought Layla a purse.
Sami was watching my videos.
Sami felt comfortable with Layla.
Sami's girlfriend was Layla, too.
Sami got to the party.
Sami saw a lot of faces that he didn't know.
Sami will probably understand that.
Sami and Layla don't get along.
Layla wore the same exact outfit as Salima.
Sami forgot to tell Layla.
Sami got up and left.
Sami just got up and left.
Sami and Layla got up and left.
Sami is in the hallway.
Sami is sitting in the hallway.
Sami had a red cup in his hand.
Sami was in the lobby of the hotel.
Sami was mumbling.
Sami picked up his friend.
Sami will be right back.
Sami came upstairs.
Sami's party was full of guys.
Sami is here, too.
Sami was here, too.
Sami wasn't the one who was yelling.
Sami put something in Layla's drink.
Sami came out of the hotel room.
Sami is trying to kill Layla.
Sami looked amess.
Sami looked like he was from a different planet.
Sami had no respect for Layla.
Sami poured a glass of juice.
Sami poured himself a glass of juice.
Sami poured me a glass of juice.
Sami had his cup in his hand.
Sami can still smell that perfume.
Sami is texting Layla.
Sami got hungry.
Sami got pizza and chicken wings.
Sami paid this sixty dollars.
Sami bought an extra large pizza.
Sami got an extra large pizza for all of us.
Sami ordered a pizza at six in the morning.
Sami was ready to go home.
Sami spent the obly money he got on pizza.
Sami explained to the cop what happened.
Sami thought he lost his wallet.
Sami was at the bus stop, waiting.
Sami was waiting for Layla at the bus stop.
Sami took public transportation.
Sami didn't give details about his bus trip.
Sami's bus comes at six.
Sami is waiting outside.
Sami asked Layla to wait outside.
Sami kidnapped Layla.
Sami was in tears.
Sami was scared that his mom would beat him when he got home.
Sami was sober.
Sami needed to get home.
Sami was standing at the bus stop.
Sami bought his dream car.
Sami knows exactly what I mean.
Sami was driving a Ford Focus.
Sami knows who these guys are.
Sami doesn't do it.
Sami is not stupid.
Sami couldn't wait any longer.
Sami was trying to keep a positive vibe.
Sami and Layla were looking at each other.
Sami is panicking.
Sami and Layla were scared.
Sami and Layla are scared.
Sami is gonna be fine.
Sami is going to be fine.
Sami is coming upstairs.
Sami didn't have a car.
Sami could be murdered.
Sami made us come here.
Sami is mad.
Sami will stay here.
Sami found his way home.
Sami gave Layla a thirty minute car ride.
Sami drank.
Sami is on his own now.
Tom bought his dream house.
Sami was waiting for me.
Sami was looking for his daughter.
Sami was very worried about me.
Mary bought her dream house.
Sami was speaking to his mother.
Sami was losing his mind.
Sami was hysterical.
Sami asked a cop to drop him home.
Tom and Mary bought their dream house.
Sami wanted to get home.
Sami sees Layla once a year.
Sami went to Bakir station.
Sami put the quarters in that slot machine.
Sami put the coins in that slot machine.
Sami did a very stupid thing.
Sami decided to do a very stupid thing.
Sami has work.
Sami had work.
Sami had to go to work.
Sami walked.
Sami walked to his house.
Sami drove a blue car.
Sami doesn't play this game.
Sami didn't play this game.
Sami started honking again.
Sami recognized that person's face.
Sami doesn't talk to that person.
Sami followed Layla on Instagram and she followed him back.
Sami has had the worst day ever.
Sami hopped in Layla's car.
Sami didn't talk about Layla.
Sami was sleeping in the living room.
Sami remembers that night.
Sami remembers that day.
Sami is going upstairs.
I need a rental car.
How many people are you expecting?
"Your rest is won; no oceans to explore, / no fair Ausonia's ever-fading shore."
Tom likes to solve crossword puzzles on his commute.
Tom's surname is Jackson.
Tom likes to solve arrowword puzzles in his spare time.
Which crossword do you like better, American-style or Swedish-style?
Who do you like better, your mom or your dad?
Go ahead. Say what you think.
Where will she put it?
His favorite subject is mathematics.
They have two children: a ten-year-old son and a five-year-old daughter.
"To go to one's just reward" is a euphemism for "to die."
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three things would you bring?
You think you are being funny by calling him a purloiner, but it just means he's a thief.
If you were stuck on a deserted island, what would you miss the most?
I'd like to help you, but I can't; the obstacles are insurmountable.
For Halloween, let's decorate our house like a spookhouse to give the children a good scare.
He reached the level of non-commissioned officer in the army, but didn't have a college degree so he could go no higher.
He makes a lot of money including the hazardous duty pay, but the work is very dangerous.
Mary is drinking a cappuccino with soy milk.
You all are useless.
The living room is at the end of the hall.
I work by shifts.
When we arrive at the hotel, our suitcases will already be delivered.
With the DELE, I have more opportunities of work.
Listen to it!
Choose!
Sell it!
Sell it to me!
Going up?
Exactly.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Boston.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning on seeing in Boston.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning on going to Boston with.
Tom didn't plan on going to Boston.
Tom didn't stay in Boston for as long as he wanted.
Tom didn't stay in Boston as long as he wanted to.
Tom didn't stay in Boston as long as he wanted.
Tom didn't stay in Boston for as long as he wanted to.
Tom didn't tell anyone why he'd gone to Boston.
Tom doesn't plan on going to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't think Mary was in Boston.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be in Boston next winter.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will ever come back to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's going to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know that he's going to Boston.
Tom had only planned on staying in Boston for just a day or two.
Tom has no idea where Mary is planning to stay in Australia.
Tom has no idea where Mary is planning on staying in Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia since he was three.
Tom has lived in Australia since he was three years old.
Tom has decided to stay in Australia for another three days.
Tom has decided to stay in Australia for three more days.
Tom has decided to stay in Australia for another three weeks.
Tom has decided to stay in Australia for three more weeks.
I was hoping to raise my kids in Australia.
I was hoping to raise my children in Australia.
I was born in Australia, but I grew up in New Zealand.
I was born in Australia, but grew up in New Zealand.
I was born in in Australia.
I want to purchase property in Australia.
I want to buy property in Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was a kid.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was a child.
Tom has been in Australia about a week.
Tom has been in Australia for about a week.
Tom has been in Australia a couple of weeks.
Tom has been in Australia for a couple of weeks.
I used to go to Australia when I was a kid.
I used to go to Australia when I was a child.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia.
I told you I didn't want to go to Australia.
I told you that I didn't want to go to Australia.
I thought that you said you didn't know anybody in Australia.
I thought that you said you didn't know anyone in Australia.
I thought I wouldn't have to go to Australia.
I thought that I wouldn't have to go to Australia.
I thought I wouldn't need to go to Australia.
I thought that I wouldn't need to go to Australia.
I thought I'd be in Australia on Monday.
I thought that I'd be in Australia on Monday.
I thought I'd check out what's happening in Australia.
I thought that I'd check out what's happening in Australia.
I thought I'd drop in to see you before I went to Australia.
I thought that I'd drop in to see you before I went to Australia.
I thought I'd go to Australia next month.
I thought that I'd go to Australia next month.
I thought I'd stay in Australia for a couple of weeks in October.
I thought that I'd stay in Australia for a couple of weeks in October.
I thought if I left Australia, I could forget you.
I thought that if I left Australia, I could forget you.
I thought it might be fun to go to Australia next week.
I thought that it might be fun to go to Australia next week.
I thought it would be fun to live in Australia for a year or two.
I thought that it would be fun to live in Australia for a year or two.
I thought maybe you'd changed your mind about going to Australia.
I thought that maybe you'd changed your mind about going to Australia.
I thought we could hang out in Australia for a while.
I thought that we could hang out in Australia for a while.
I thought we'd be in Australia by now.
I thought that we'd be in Australia by now.
I thought we'd visit Australia after we got married.
I thought that we'd visit Australia after we got married.
I thought you didn't like Australia.
I thought that you didn't like Australia.
I thought you grew up in Australia.
I thought that you grew up in Australia.
I thought you hated Australia.
I thought that you hated Australia.
I thought you just came from Australia.
I thought that you just came from Australia.
I thought you lived in Australia.
I thought that you lived in Australia.
I thought you might be in Australia now.
I thought that you might be in Australia now.
I thought you might be in Australia this week.
I thought that you might be in Australia this week.
I thought you moved to Australia.
I thought that you moved to Australia.
I thought you said you lived in Australia.
I thought that you said you lived in Australia.
I thought you said you used to live in Australia.
I thought that you said you used to live in Australia.
I thought you said you wanted to go to Australia.
I thought that you said you wanted to go to Australia.
I thought you said you were born in Australia.
I thought that you said you were born in Australia.
I thought you said you were from Australia.
I thought that you said you were from Australia.
I thought you said you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought that you said you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought you said you worked in Australia.
I thought that you said you worked in Australia.
I thought you wanted to go to Australia with us.
I thought that you wanted to go to Australia with us.
I thought you were from Australia.
I thought that you were from Australia.
I thought you were going to Australia.
I thought that you were going to Australia.
I thought you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought that you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought you were going to go to Australia.
I thought that you were going to go to Australia.
I thought you were in Australia.
I thought that you were in Australia.
I thought you were leaving Australia.
I thought that you were leaving Australia.
I thought you were planning on going to Australia.
I thought that you were planning on going to Australia.
I thought you were raised in Australia.
I thought that you were raised in Australia.
I thought you were still in Australia.
I thought that you were still in Australia.
I thought you were still working in Australia.
I thought that you were still working in Australia.
I thought you were supposed to be in Australia this week.
I thought that you were supposed to be in Australia this week.
I thought you were supposed to be in Australia.
I thought that you were supposed to be in Australia.
I thought you wouldn't like Australia.
I thought that you wouldn't like Australia.
I thought you'd be in Australia by now.
I thought that you'd be in Australia by now.
I thought you'd be in Australia this week.
I thought that you'd be in Australia this week.
I thought you'd gone to Australia.
I thought that you'd gone to Australia.
I thought you'd stay a couple of weeks in Australia.
I thought that you'd stay a couple of weeks in Australia.
Tom has been hoping he can go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom has been hoping that he can go to Australia with Mary next summer.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan to stay in Australia until the end of the year.
Tom has already told me he doesn't plan on staying in Australia until the end of the year.
Tom has a house in Australia. He has a house in New Zealand, too.
Tom has a house in Australia. He also has a house in New Zealand.
Tom had only planned to stay in Australia for just a day or two.
Tom had only planned on staying in Australia for just a day or two.
Tom had no idea why Mary was planning to stay in Australia for so long.
Tom had no idea why Mary was planning on staying in Australia for so long.
Tom had no idea Mary was planning on staying in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom had no idea Mary was planning to stay in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning on staying in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning to stay in Australia for three more days.
Tom had no idea Mary was planning on staying in Australia for three more days.
Tom had no idea Mary was planning to stay in Australia for three more days.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning on staying in Australia for three more days.
I think Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
I think that Australia is nicer than New Zealand.
I think Australia is worth visiting.
I think that Australia is worth visiting.
I think could happen in Australia, too.
I think that could happen in Australia, too.
I think I can go to Australia with you next week.
I think that I can go to Australia with you next week.
I think I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think that I could come to Australia for Christmas.
I think I may have to go to Australia next week.
I think that I may have to go to Australia next week.
I think I might be in Australia next Monday.
I think that I might be in Australia next Monday.
I think I should go to Australia.
I think that I should go to Australia.
I think I should stay in Australia a little bit longer.
I think that I should stay in Australia a little bit longer.
I think I should visit Australia.
I think that I should visit Australia.
I think I won't go to Australia next winter.
I think that I won't go to Australia next winter.
I think I wouldn't enjoy visiting Australia.
I think that I wouldn't enjoy visiting Australia.
I think I'd like to visit Australia someday.
I think that I'd like to visit Australia someday.
I think I'll go back to Australia next week.
I think that I'll go back to Australia next week.
I think I'll go to Australia in October.
I think that I'll go to Australia in October.
I think I'll go to Australia next month.
I think that I'll go to Australia next month.
I think I'll go to Australia next summer.
I think that I'll go to Australia next summer.
I think I'll go to Australia next year.
I think that I'll go to Australia next year.
I think I'll go to Australia the month after next.
I think that I'll go to Australia the month after next.
I think I'll stay in Australia for a few more days.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for a few more days.
I think I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for a few more weeks.
I think I'll stay in Australia for another week.
I think that I'll stay in Australia for another week.
I think I'm going to go to Australia next summer.
I think that I'm going to go to Australia next summer.
I think it's a lot better in Australia.
I think that it's a lot better in Australia.
I think it's really important for you to go to Australia.
I think that it's really important for you to go to Australia.
I think it's time for me to return to Australia.
I think that it's time for me to return to Australia.
I think something like this could only happen in Australia.
I think that something like this could only happen in Australia.
I think this is the best school in Australia.
I think that this is the best school in Australia.
I think we have to go to Australia.
I think that we have to go to Australia.
I think we need to go back to Australia.
I think that we need to go back to Australia.
I think we need to go to Australia.
I think that we need to go to Australia.
I think we ought to go back to Australia.
I think that we ought to go back to Australia.
I think we ought to go to Australia.
I think that we ought to go to Australia.
I think we should go to Australia next fall.
I think that we should go to Australia next fall.
I think we should go to Australia next spring.
I think that we should go to Australia next spring.
I think we should go to Australia next summer.
I think that we should go to Australia next summer.
I think we should go to Australia next winter.
I think that we should go to Australia next winter.
I think we should go to Australia next year.
I think that we should go to Australia next year.
I think we should go to Australia.
I think that we should go to Australia.
I think we should visit Australia.
I think that we should visit Australia.
I think you should come back to Australia.
I think that you should come back to Australia.
I think you should go to Australia for Christmas.
I think that you should go to Australia for Christmas.
I think you should go to Australia to be with your family.
I think that you should go to Australia to be with your family.
I think you should go to Australia.
I think that you should go to Australia.
I think you should take that job in Australia.
I think that you should take that job in Australia.
I think you should take that job you've been offered in Australia.
I think that you should take that job you've been offered in Australia.
I think you'd like it in Australia.
I think that you'd like it in Australia.
I think you're going to like Australia.
I think that you're going to like Australia.
I think you've been in Australia a little too long.
I think that you've been in Australia a little too long.
I think you've been in Australia too long.
I think that you've been in Australia too long.
I think you've been living in Australia too long.
I think that you've been living in Australia too long.
I think you've been spending too much time in Australia.
I think that you've been spending too much time in Australia.
I suppose I could go to Australia with you.
I suppose that I could go to Australia with you.
I suppose we could go to Australia with you.
I suppose that we could go to Australia with you.
I suggest you visit Australia.
I suggest that you visit Australia.
I suggest you go to Australia.
I suggest that you go to Australia.
I suggest not staying in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest that you don't in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest you don't in Australia any longer than you have to.
I suggest you don't go to Australia in the winter.
I suggest that you don't go to Australia in the winter.
I suggest not going to Australia in the winter.
I remember going to Australia when I was a kid.
I remember going to Australia when I was a child.
Tom had a car accident in Australia.
Tom had a automobile accident in Australia.
Tom found out Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom found out that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom found out Mary wasn't really from Australia.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't really from Australia.
Tom first came to Australia when he was three.
Tom first came to Australia when he was three years old.
Tom felt he could make it in Australia.
Tom felt that he could make it in Australia.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't want anybody to know that he's going to Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary is in Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is in Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary was in Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary was in Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in Australia next spring.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will be in Australia next spring.
Tom doesn't think Mary will ever come back to Australia.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will ever come back to Australia.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't plan on going to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom doesn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom doesn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom died while in Australia.
Tom died while he was in Australia.
Tom died in Australia in when he was thirty years old.
Tom died in Australia in when he was thirty.
Tom died in Australia in at the age of thirty.
Tom died in Australia when he was thirty years old.
Tom died in Australia when he was thirty.
Tom died in Australia at the age of thirty.
Tom didn't think Mary was in Australia.
Tom didn't think that Mary was in Australia.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Australia.
Tom didn't think that Mary would go to Australia.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Australia by herself.
Tom didn't think that Mary would go to Australia by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to living in Australia.
Tom didn't think that he'd ever get used to living in Australia.
Tom didn't tell anyone why he'd gone to Australia.
Tom didn't tell us he'd be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't tell us that he'd be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't tell me he grew up in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me that he grew up in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Australia before.
Tom didn't tell me that he'd never been to Australia before.
Tom didn't tell me he lived in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me that he lived in Australia.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was going to Australia.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he was going to Australia.
Tom didn't tell his friends he was going to Australia.
Tom didn't tell his friends that he was going to Australia.
Tom didn't stay in Australia very long.
Tom didn't stay in Australia for very long.
Tom didn't stay in Australia for as long as he wanted.
Tom didn't stay in Australia as long as he wanted to.
Tom didn't stay in Australia as long as he wanted.
Tom didn't stay in Australia for as long as he wanted to.
Tom didn't plan to go back to Australia.
Tom didn't plan on going back to Australia.
Tom didn't plan to go to Australia.
Tom didn't plan on going to Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to stay with in Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning on staying with in Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to see in Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning on seeing in Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to go to Australia with.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning on going to Australia with.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Australia.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Australia.
My hometown is the best in the world.
I like all of the songs Tom sings.
He swore, but a little late, that he will no more be mistaken!
He swore, but a little late, that he would not be caught again!
Thus said Zarathustra.
Thus was saying Zarathustra.
I miss Australia.
Tom has some things he has to do tomorrow morning before he can leave for Australia.
I'm in Australia.
Tom has finally returned to Australia after living in New Zealand for three years.
I was in Australia.
Tom has three sons. One lives in Australia and the other two live in New Zealand.
I went to Australia.
Tom didn't seem to understand why Mary didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I'll miss Australia.
Tom has come back to Australia every summer since he graduated from college.
I'll be in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you about what happened in Australia last week.
I'll go to Australia.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Australia, but he has her phone number.
I'll visit Australia.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he didn't want her to go to Australia with him.
I'm in Australia now.
Tom didn't know whether Mary wanted to go to Australia with him or not.
I'm not in Australia.
Tom has no intention of staying in Australia for the rest of his life.
I'm now in Australia.
Tom found an interesting book about Australia in the school library.
I worked in Australia.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to go in Australia.
I'm back in Australia.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time than necessary in Australia.
I'm leaving Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia since he graduated from college.
I miss Australia a lot.
Tom had a chance to go to Australia, but decided not to go there.
I studied in Australia.
Tom got to be friends with Mary while he was living in Australia.
I'm based in Australia.
Tom got to be friends with Mary when he was living in Australia.
I might visit Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Australia with her.
I need you in Australia.
Tom had at least three different jobs when he was in Australia.
I now live in Australia.
Tom has gotten sick three times since he's moved to Australia.
I often go to Australia.
Tom has decided to live in Australia for the rest of his life.
I really like Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for the past couple of years.
I really miss Australia.
Tom doesn't like living in Australia and Mary doesn't either.
I traveled to Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Australia.
I want to see Australia.
Tom has three brothers. All three of them live in Australia.
I was in Australia once.
Tom has come all the way from Australia to be with us today.
I miss Australia so much.
Tom has advised me to do that before I go back to Australia.
I rarely go to Australia.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Australia to visit her parents.
I seldom go to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia for more than a year.
I should be in Australia.
Tom doesn't know why his boss wants him to go to Australia.
I should go to Australia.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to go to Australia with.
I should visit Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary was going to go to Australia with.
I used to hate Australia.
Tom has invited me to come and stay with him in Australia.
I used to like Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for the past three years.
I used to love Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for the last three years.
I might come to Australia.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to go to Australia.
I need to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Australia until next week.
I often come to Australia.
Tom might want to go to Australia with Mary next summer.
I once lived in Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for almost three years.
I still live in Australia.
Tom got injured in Australia while he was working there.
I still work in Australia.
Tom doesn't like living in Australia and I don't either.
I want to leave Australia.
Tom didn't know who Mary wanted to go to Australia with.
I need a ride to Australia.
Tom has finally decided that he has to go to Australia.
I own a house in Australia.
Tom has been saving up money so he can go to Australia.
I rarely come to Australia.
Tom doesn't live here anymore. He's moved to Australia.
I really do like Australia.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Australia.
I really do love Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for most of his adult life.
I regret leaving Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for a very long time.
I seldom come to Australia.
Tom hadn't planned on going back to Australia so soon.
I should move to Australia.
Tom had his passport stolen while he was in Australia.
I took a trip to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia with us next week.
I may still go to Australia.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Australia to study.
I might not go to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for three years now.
I might not leave Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for almost three years now.
I might not visit Australia.
Tom enjoyed the time he spent in Australia with Mary.
I moved here from Australia.
Tom doesn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
I must go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia without him.
I need to stay in Australia.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to Australia with.
I refuse to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't come to Australia as often as he used to.
I refuse to leave Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for the last three years.
I regret going to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia since last October.
I regret visiting Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for just over three weeks.
I shouldn't be in Australia.
Tom had never been in that part of Australia before.
I sometimes go to Australia.
Tom had his wallet stolen while he was in Australia.
I spent a week in Australia.
Tom got a letter today from his sister in Australia.
I spent a year in Australia.
Tom doesn't need to go to Australia until next week.
I want to move to Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave for Australia.
I want to stay in Australia.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
I want to work in Australia.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia without him.
I wanted to leave Australia.
I want to go to Australia just as badly as Tom does.
I was arrested in Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for quite some time now.
I was educated in Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for the last three weeks.
I might go to Australia, too.
Tom has an ex-wife and three children in Australia.
I moved to Australia in 2013.
Tom had a wonderful time when we were in Australia.
I ought to stay in Australia.
Tom had a wonderful time when he went to Australia.
I regret coming to Australia.
Tom expects Mary to stay in Australia until Monday.
I should be in Australia now.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia with John.
I sold my house in Australia.
Tom doesn't like Australia and Mary doesn't either.
I spent a month in Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to go to Australia.
I want to study in Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got back from Australia.
I want you back in Australia.
Tom didn't seem to really enjoy being in Australia.
I was born here in Australia.
Tom has to go to Australia the day after tomorrow.
I might not come to Australia.
Tom goes to Australia three or four times a month.
I need you to go to Australia.
Tom flew to Australia to attend his son's wedding.
I no longer live in Australia.
Tom dropped out of college and moved to Australia.
I really like Australia a lot.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Australia with him.
I should go to Australia, too.
Tom died three days after he arrived in Australia.
I should visit Australia, too.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia with John.
I should've gone to Australia.
Tom didn't say anything about moving to Australia.
I still might go to Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for over thirty years.
I used to like Australia, too.
Tom has decided not to live in Australia anymore.
I visit Australia once a year.
Tom has been to Australia more times than I have.
I visited Australia last year.
Tom has been to Australia at least once, I think.
I want to return to Australia.
Tom has been staying with his uncle in Australia.
I want you to go to Australia.
Tom has been spending a lot of time in Australia.
I wanted to live in Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia with his father.
I wanted to move to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for three years.
I wanted to stay in Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for a long time.
I was able to go to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for a few years.
I was able to visit Australia.
Tom has become accustomed to living in Australia.
I was brought up in Australia.
Tom had a hard time making a living in Australia.
I must leave Australia at once.
Tom earned good money when he lived in Australia.
I need to get out of Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Australia.
I need to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't have enough money to go to Australia.
I spent last year in Australia.
Tom doesn't come to Australia very often anymore.
I spent some time in Australia.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia with him.
I visit Australia every summer.
Tom didn't tell me why he was going to Australia.
I visited Australia last month.
Tom didn't say anything about going to Australia.
I want to be back in Australia.
Tom lost his passport while he was in Australia.
I want to go back to Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for most of his life.
I want to go to Australia, too.
Tom has lived in Australia for more than a year.
I want to visit Australia, too.
Tom has learned a lot about Australia from Mary.
I need you to come to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia for many years.
I never go to Australia anymore.
Tom goes to Australia two or three times a year.
I never want to leave Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will visit Australia.
I ought to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Australia.
I returned to Australia in 2013.
Tom doesn't have very many friends in Australia.
I should've stayed in Australia.
Tom died three days after he moved to Australia.
I spent the summer in Australia.
Tom didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
I still want to go to Australia.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia with Mary.
I used to often go to Australia.
Tom also has a three-bedroom house in Australia.
I visited Australia last spring.
Tom has to stay in Australia for one more week.
I visited Australia last summer.
Tom has recently been transferred to Australia.
I visited Australia last winter.
Tom has no idea how Mary ended up in Australia.
I want to get back to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia since October.
I want to visit Australia again.
Tom has been in Australia visiting his parents.
I want you to come to Australia.
Tom had lunch with Mary in Australia last week.
I was in Australia at that time.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia in October.
I moved to Australia last spring.
Tom doesn't have any friends here in Australia.
I moved to Australia last winter.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia anymore.
I own some property in Australia.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia with him.
I really want to go to Australia.
Tom has to stay in Australia for another week.
I return to Australia in October.
Tom has started looking for work in Australia.
I see no need to go to Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for his whole life.
I seldom go to Australia anymore.
Tom has decided to go to Australia by himself.
I seldom visit Australia anymore.
Tom has been living in Australia way too long.
I spent three weeks in Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for three years now.
I spent three years in Australia.
Tom had to stay in Australia for another week.
I volunteered to go to Australia.
Tom even worked as a taxi driver in Australia.
I want to come back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia anymore.
I want to move back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to come to Australia with us.
I wanted to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't like Australia and I don't either.
I was actually born in Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia next week.
I may work in Australia next year.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia by himself.
I might go to Australia next fall.
Tom didn't tell me why he'd gone to Australia.
I miss my friends in Australia a lot.
Tom didn't seem to know a lot about Australia.
I moved to Australia last October.
Tom didn't need to go to Australia by himself.
I need to get away from Australia.
Tom has three brothers who live in Australia.
I never wanted to leave Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia since last summer.
I regret having gone to Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia since he was born.
I returned to Australia on Monday.
Tom has gone to Australia on urgent business.
I should go to Australia with you.
Tom has decided to go to Australia next week.
I spent a few months in Australia.
Tom has decided to go back home to Australia.
I stayed in Australia for a while.
Tom has been in Australia since last October.
I still have a house in Australia.
Tom had his reasons for staying in Australia.
I still have friends in Australia.
Tom had a good time when he was in Australia.
I used to come to Australia a lot.
Tom doesn't know when Mary came to Australia.
I used to have a job in Australia.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
I want to visit Australia someday.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia last year.
I want you to return to Australia.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia with us.
I was in Australia all last month.
Tom didn't need to go to Australia last week.
I might go to Australia next month.
Tom has promised to go to Australia with us.
I must be in Australia next Monday.
Tom has lived in Australia most of his life.
I really regret going to Australia.
Tom has gone to Australia a couple of times.
I really want to come to Australia.
Tom has decided to return home to Australia.
I really wanted to go to Australia.
Tom has been to Australia before, hasn't he?
I sat next to a man from Australia.
Tom has been to Australia a number of times.
I should be in Australia this week.
Tom has been to Australia a couple of times.
I shouldn't have come to Australia.
Tom has been living in Australia since 2013.
I shouldn't have gone to Australia.
Tom has been in Australia since last Monday.
I spend a lot of time in Australia.
Tom has been here in Australia all his life.
I spent a lot of time in Australia.
Tom graduated from high school in Australia.
I spent almost a week in Australia.
Tom got married in Australia a few years ago.
I tried to call you from Australia.
Tom goes to Australia every other Christmas.
I used to hate living in Australia.
Tom goes to Australia every once in a while.
I want to go and live in Australia.
Tom goes to Australia at least once a month.
I want to go to Australia sometime.
Tom first came to Australia three years ago.
I want to go to Australia with you.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with us.
I want to visit Australia sometime.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia with me.
I wanted to buy a map of Australia.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia anymore.
I wanted to stay in Australia, too.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to Australia.
I was in Australia for a few weeks.
Tom died in a traffic accident in Australia.
I was in Australia for a long time.
Tom has made plans for a trip to Australia.
I was in Australia for three weeks.
Tom has lived in Australia his entire life.
I was in Australia for three years.
Tom has lived in Australia for three years.
I met some nice people in Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for over a year.
I might come to Australia next week.
Tom has lived in Australia for a long time.
I might go to Australia next summer.
Tom has finally decided to go to Australia.
I might go to Australia next winter.
Tom has another son who lives in Australia.
I might work in Australia next year.
Tom had to go to Australia on short notice.
I need to be in Australia all month.
Tom had a chance to meet Mary in Australia.
I need to go to Australia next week.
Tom got a job in Australia teaching French.
I never should've come to Australia.
Tom expects to be transferred to Australia.
I never should've gone to Australia.
Tom earned good money working in Australia.
I never wanted to live in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to move back to Australia.
I no longer want to visit Australia.
Tom doesn't want Mary to move to Australia.
I often go to Australia on business.
Tom doesn't have many friends in Australia.
I ought to go to Australia with you.
Tom doesn't even live in Australia anymore.
I really should be in Australia now.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia now.
I remember meeting you in Australia.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with us.
I returned from Australia yesterday.
Tom has no intention of leaving Australia.
I should go to Australia next month.
Tom has lived in Australia his whole life.
I should've never come to Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia for many years.
I spent the whole week in Australia.
Tom has been visiting family in Australia.
I still go to Australia every month.
Tom has been living in Australia too long.
I used to have a house in Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for a long time.
I visited Australia a long time ago.
Tom has been in Australia for a few years.
I want to hear more about Australia.
Tom has been in Australia a few years now.
I want to live in Australia someday.
Tom hardly ever goes to Australia anymore.
I was in Australia again last month.
Tom goes to Australia three times a month.
I was in Australia for three months.
Tom found out why Mary moved to Australia.
I might visit Australia next October.
Tom finally went to Australia last summer.
I moved to Australia three weeks ago.
Tom doesn't have any friends in Australia.
I moved to Australia three years ago.
Tom died in Australia on October 20, 2013.
I need to go to Australia next month.
Tom didn't want to move back to Australia.
I really should've gone to Australia.
Tom didn't want Mary to move to Australia.
I should be in Australia next Monday.
Tom wondered why Mary moved to Australia.
I should cancel my trip to Australia.
Tom has to go back to Australia tomorrow.
I spend most of my time in Australia.
Tom has spent a lot of time in Australia.
I stayed in Australia for three days.
Tom has probably never been to Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
I hate Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to go to Australia with John.
I know Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to go to Australia with John.
I hated Australia.
Tom and Mary were both born in Australia and they grew up there.
I loved Australia.
Tom and Mary both wanted to stay in Australia for another week.
I lived in Australia.
Tom and Mary became friends when they both lived in Australia.
I know Australia well.
Tom came to Australia soon after graduating from high school.
I like Australia, too.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Australia.
I like Australia a lot.
Tom asked me if I was planning to go to Australia in October.
I like it in Australia.
Tom and Mary still live in Australia where they both grew up.
I liked it in Australia.
Tom and Mary both want to stay in Australia for another week.
I live in Australia now.
Tom asked me why I didn't want to live in Australia anymore.
I loved it in Australia.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to go to Australia with.
I live in Australia, too.
Tom and Mary have lived in Australia since they got married.
I hate going to Australia.
Tom couldn't find a job in Australia, so he came back home.
I have to go to Australia.
Tom couldn't decide exactly when he should go to Australia.
I just moved to Australia.
Tom could've been in Australia by now if he'd wanted to be.
I know a guy in Australia.
Tom considered moving to Australia, but decided against it.
I like being in Australia.
Tom came to Australia for the first time when he was three.
I like going to Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when John had been in Australia.
I like to visit Australia.
Tom and I've decided to go to Australia together next year.
I love going to Australia.
Tom and Mary were in Australia at that time, weren't they?
I love visiting Australia.
Tom and Mary surprised us all when they went to Australia.
I hate coming to Australia.
Tom and Mary both have to stay in Australia until October.
I hate living in Australia.
Tom called me almost every day while he was in Australia.
I have family in Australia.
Tom asked me when I was planning to go back to Australia.
I know Australia very well.
Tom asked Mary if she'd like to go to Australia with him.
I like coming to Australia.
Tom apparently lived in Australia when he was in college.
I like living in Australia.
Tom and Mary told me they're going to Australia tomorrow.
I love coming to Australia.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Australia with us.
I love living in Australia.
Tom and Mary both have to stay in Australia until Monday.
I have a house in Australia.
Tom came to Australia in and lived here until 2017.
I have a store in Australia.
Tom came to Australia after graduating from high school.
I have to move to Australia.
Tom and Mary took their children to Australia with them.
I intend to leave Australia.
Tom and Mary still live with their parents in Australia.
I know someone in Australia.
Tom and Mary are both already in Australia, aren't they?
I like working in Australia.
Tom didn't have a good job until he moved to Australia.
I love it here in Australia.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Australia with Mary.
I love working in Australia.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Australia with him.
I have a friend in Australia.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with Mary next summer.
I have a sister in Australia.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
I haven't left Australia yet.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Australia.
I just got back to Australia.
Tom and Mary got married in Australia three years ago.
I just might visit Australia.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Australia with John.
I liked staying in Australia.
Tom and Mary are probably halfway to Australia by now.
I liked working in Australia.
Tom and Mary are planning to visit Australia together.
I loved camping in Australia.
Tom and Mary are planning to go to Australia together.
I have a brother in Australia.
Tom came to Australia and stayed with us last winter.
I have relatives in Australia.
Tom came and stayed with us in Australia last winter.
I have to return to Australia.
Tom came all the way from Australia just to see Mary.
Tom began doing that when he was living in Australia.
I intend to move to Australia.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with him next spring.
I intend to stay in Australia.
Tom asked me if I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I left Australia the next day.
Tom and Mary went to Australia and got married there.
I liked the food in Australia.
Tom and Mary have lived in Australia for three years.
I live on a farm in Australia.
Tom came to Australia a little over three years ago.
I love this part of Australia.
Tom asked me why I didn't live in Australia anymore.
I may have to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary were both in Australia all last summer.
I have a grandson in Australia.
Tom and Mary have been in Australia for three years.
I have to go back to Australia.
Tom and Mary don't get back to Australia very often.
I heard you moved to Australia.
Tom and Mary are both in Australia now, aren't they?
I hope to see you in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to live in Australia.
I know my way around Australia.
Tom arrived in Australia less than three weeks ago.
I know nothing about Australia.
Tom and Mary bought a house in Australia last year.
I leave for Australia tomorrow.
Tom didn't have any desire to return to Australia.
I like talking about Australia.
Tom came back from Australia the week before last.
I lived in Australia for years.
Tom bought this umbrella when he was in Australia.
I have plans to go to Australia.
Tom arrived in Australia the day before yesterday.
I have to get back to Australia.
Tom and Mary left Australia at the end of October.
I haven't yet visited Australia.
Tom and Mary got married and settled in Australia.
I heard about that in Australia.
Tom and Mary are going back to Australia together.
I intend to return to Australia.
Tom and Mary are both from Australia, aren't they?
I know many people in Australia.
Tom came to Australia just about three years ago.
I lied about being in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to leave Australia.
I liked the people in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to go to Australia.
I lived in Australia until 2013.
Tom apparently wants to go to Australia with you.
I lost my passport in Australia.
Tom and I've decided to go to Australia together.
I married a girl from Australia.
Tom didn't know when Mary had come to Australia.
I have many friends in Australia.
Tom came all the way from Australia to see Mary.
I have some friends in Australia.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to Australia together.
I haven't been in Australia long.
Tom and Mary moved to Australia three years ago.
I haven't ever been to Australia.
Tom and Mary have just come back from Australia.
I intend to go back to Australia.
Tom and Mary had their first child in Australia.
I know what you did in Australia.
Tom and Mary are both in Australia, aren't they?
I know why you went to Australia.
Tom convinced Mary to go to Australia with him.
I left Australia a long time ago.
Tom came back to Australia for a class reunion.
I left Australia three weeks ago.
Tom arranged for his family to visit Australia.
I left Australia three years ago.
Tom and Mary were both in Australia last month.
I lived in Australia for a while.
Tom and Mary are planning to move to Australia.
I may go to Australia in October.
Tom and Mary are leaving Australia next Monday.
I may go to Australia next month.
Tom and Mary are currently living in Australia.
I have a few friends in Australia.
Tom didn't have to go to Australia last month.
I have a good friend in Australia.
Tom didn't have to go to Australia by himself.
I have grandchildren in Australia.
Tom decided to go to Australia to study music.
I have some property in Australia.
Tom came all the way from Australia to see me.
I have three cousins in Australia.
Tom asked me whether I liked Australia or not.
I hope to visit Australia someday.
Tom asked Mary to come back home to Australia.
I just transferred from Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her new job in Australia.
I may be in Australia next Monday.
Tom and Mary live in Australia with their son.
I've visited Australia many times.
Tom and Mary have recently moved to Australia.
I have no plans to visit Australia.
Tom and Mary are getting married in Australia.
I have some relatives in Australia.
Tom and Mary are flying to Australia tomorrow.
I intend to come back to Australia.
Tom comes to Australia every other Christmas.
I just can't come to Australia now.
Tom came to Australia almost three years ago.
I just got back to Australia today.
Tom bragged about what happened in Australia.
I know lots of people in Australia.
Tom asked me how long I'd lived in Australia.
I know very little about Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't like Australia.
I live in Australia with my family.
Tom and Mary will visit Australia in October.
I have a friend living in Australia.
Tom and Mary were still in Australia in 2013.
I have several friends in Australia.
Tom and Mary moved to Australia last October.
I have to be in Australia by Monday.
Tom comes to Australia once or twice a year.
I have to be in Australia on Monday.
Tom can't leave Australia until next Monday.
I have to go to Australia by myself.
Tom came to Australia about three years ago.
I hope to be in Australia next week.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket to Australia.
I hope to go to Australia next year.
Tom asked Mary if she had been to Australia.
I hope to live in Australia someday.
Tom and Mary spent a few weeks in Australia.
I just want to get out of Australia.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia for a while.
I know a lot of people in Australia.
Tom and Mary have always lived in Australia.
I lived in Australia for many years.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Australia.
I may not be in Australia next week.
Tom currently goes to college in Australia.
I may not go to Australia next week.
Tom could've been in Australia last Monday.
I have a wife back home in Australia.
Tom came to Australia hoping to find a job.
I have to go to Australia next month.
Tom asked me how often I went to Australia.
I haven't been to Australia for ages.
Tom asked Mary to go to Australia with him.
I haven't been to Australia in years.
Tom and Mary ran off to Australia together.
I haven't seen that in Australia yet.
Tom and Mary have both worked in Australia.
I just don't want to go to Australia.
Tom decided to go to Australia by himself.
I just got back from Australia today.
Tom comes to Australia every three months.
I just moved to Australia last month.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Australia.
I just spent three days in Australia.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with Mary.
I lived in Australia for a long time.
Tom asked Mary about her job in Australia.
I lived in Australia three years ago.
Tom and Mary were talking about Australia.
I lived in Australia until last year.
Tom and Mary were both happy in Australia.
I still go to Australia every summer.
Tom and Mary moved to Australia last year.
I still go to Australia every winter.
Tom and Mary have never been to Australia.
I study at a university in Australia.
Tom and Mary both want to go to Australia.
I usually go to Australia in October.
Tom has only recently moved to Australia.
I want to learn more about Australia.
Tom has only one more night in Australia.
I wanted to go to Australia with you.
Tom has many friends living in Australia.
I was in Australia about a month ago.
Tom has gone to Australia for the summer.
I was in Australia almost all summer.
Tom has decided not to move to Australia.
I have a daughter living in Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for three days.
I have a lot of property in Australia.
Tom has been in Australia for a week now.
I have an aunt and uncle in Australia.
Tom has actually never been to Australia.
I have no desire to live in Australia.
Tom has a couple of friends in Australia.
I have to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom has a brother who lives in Australia.
I haven't been in Australia very long.
Tom had no desire to return to Australia.
I hope to visit Australia next summer.
Tom doesn't want to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to ever leave Australia.
I know almost nothing about Australia.
Tom doesn't spend much time in Australia.
I know someone who lives in Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left Australia.
I learned how to do that in Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Australia.
I learned it last summer in Australia.
Tom didn't know anything about Australia.
I lived in Australia for thirty years.
Tom didn't have any friends in Australia.
I lived in Australia when I was young.
Tom denied having ever been to Australia.
I may not be in Australia much longer.
Tom couldn't go to Australia last spring.
I may not stay very long in Australia.
Tom comes back to Australia every summer.
I may stay be Australia until October.
Tom asked me to go to Australia with him.
I may stay in Australia until October.
Tom asked Mary to come back to Australia.
I might not be in Australia next week.
Tom apparently used to work in Australia.
I might not be in Australia next year.
Tom and Mary were both born in Australia.
I might stay in Australia for a month.
Tom and Mary went to Australia last year.
I need to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom and Mary have both been to Australia.
I no longer want to live in Australia.
Tom has only a few friends in Australia.
I really enjoyed my time in Australia.
Tom has lived in Australia all his life.
I should never have come to Australia.
Tom has just gotten back from Australia.
I stayed in Australia for a few years.
Tom has gone back to Australia for good.
I stayed in Australia for three weeks.
Tom has an uncle who works in Australia.
I stayed in Australia for three years.
Tom has a friend who lives in Australia.
I taught in Australia for three years.
Tom got his medical degree in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures in Australia.
Tom flew in from Australia this morning.
I used to work on a farm in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to return to Australia.
I visit Australia almost every summer.
Tom doesn't want to be in Australia now.
I want to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom disapproved of my trip to Australia.
I have a friend who lives in Australia.
Tom died of cancer in in Australia.
I have a sister who lives in Australia.
Tom died of a heart attack in Australia.
I have a sister who works in Australia.
Tom died in Australia three years later.
I have wonderful memories of Australia.
Tom died in Australia of a heart attack.
I haven't been to Australia in a while.
Tom didn't want us to come to Australia.
I haven't been to Australia since 2013.
Tom didn't want to go back to Australia.
I may be in Australia for another week.
Tom didn't want to be sent to Australia.
I may be in Australia for over a month.
Tom didn't want me to come to Australia.
I may be living in Australia next year.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia.
I might be in Australia all next month.
Tom didn't need to go back to Australia.
I might not be in Australia next month.
Tom didn't have to go back to Australia.
I really want to go to Australia again.
Tom didn't go to Australia last weekend.
I should've gone to Australia with you.
Tom can't come to Australia this spring.
I should've refused to go to Australia.
Tom came to Australia to look for a job.
I stayed in Australia for three months.
Tom came back to Australia last October.
I still don't like Australia very much.
Tom called me last night from Australia.
I still have many friends in Australia.
Tom asked Mary why she was in Australia.
I studied in Australia for three years.
Tom and Mary went to Australia together.
I want to spend some time in Australia.
Tom and Mary are no longer in Australia.
I have a brother who lives in Australia.
Tom has to stay in Australia all month.
I have a brother who works in Australia.
Tom has to be in Australia next Monday.
I have a couple of friends in Australia.
Tom has plenty of friends in Australia.
I have to be in Australia all next week.
Tom has been in Australia way too long.
I haven't been to Australia for a while.
Tom has been in Australia since Monday.
I heard you were in Australia last week.
Tom has a lot of property in Australia.
I lived in Australia before I came here.
Tom has a daughter living in Australia.
I lived in Australia until last October.
Tom had to go to Australia on business.
I met a lot of nice people in Australia.
Tom had no desire to move to Australia.
I might not stay in Australia very long.
Tom had no desire to live in Australia.
I might stay in Australia until October.
Tom had never been to Australia before.
I really want to move back to Australia.
Tom goes to Australia every other year.
I really wanted to go back to Australia.
Tom found Mary a good job in Australia.
I returned to Australia on October 20th.
Tom finally decided to go to Australia.
I should've gone to Australia last week.
Tom felt like going to Australia again.
I spent a couple of months in Australia.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Australia.
I stayed in Australia over three months.
Tom doesn't want to study in Australia.
I still have a few friends in Australia.
Tom doesn't go to Australia very often.
I still want to go to Australia someday.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia.
I try to go to Australia whenever I can.
Tom died three months ago in Australia.
I want to visit Australia in the spring.
Tom didn't want to return to Australia.
I want you to come to Australia with me.
Tom didn't live in Australia last year.
I want you to come with me to Australia.
Tom didn't come to Australia last year.
I can't come to Australia next Christmas.
Tom decided to go to Australia instead.
I have a few friends living in Australia.
Tom couldn't go to Australia last year.
I have a grandson who lives in Australia.
Tom chose to go to Australia with Mary.
I have to be back in Australia by Monday.
Tom came to Australia looking for work.
I haven't actually been to Australia yet.
Tom came home from Australia last week.
I heard you might be moving to Australia.
Tom called me from Australia yesterday.
I leave for Australia tomorrow afternoon.
Tom asked Mary why she liked Australia.
I lived in Australia when I was your age.
Tom and Mary used to live in Australia.
I may stay in Australia for another week.
Tom and Mary both grew up in Australia.
Sami has a huge list of New Year's resolutions.
Sami is not really working.
Sami is hanging out with friends.
Layla called the salon.
Sami is getting married on Saturday.
Layla is a hairstylist.
Sami was really frantic.
Sami needs to come in right now.
Sami will take care of you.
Sami shouldn't worry.
Sami was all over the place.
Sami isn't a celebrity.
Sami doesn't even know Layla.
Sami isn't my client.
Sami is not my client.
Layla wanted her hair done for the wedding at the hotel she was getting married in.
Sami will be fine.
Sami and Layla were having so many problems.
Sami's father hated Layla.
Sami had lost his wife six years prior.
Sami didn't have a family.
Sami's dad was happy.
Sami's mother died.
Sami said this.
Sami has just got divorced.
Sami isn't financially secure.
Sami is not financially secure.
Sami promised that he was going to take care of Layla.
Sami has a business.
Sami would not marry Layla.
Sami was sharing all this to me.
Sami doesn't want to marry Layla.
Sami is literally crazy.
Sami was sitting outside.
Sami was sitting in his car.
Sami was talking to someone on the phone.
Sami thought that Layla didn't want to marry him.
Sami's windows are tinted.
Sami was really upset.
Sami isn't that evil.
Sami is not that evil.
Layla looked amazing.
Layla got her hair done.
Sami brought a huge box of items.
Sami went to the hotel.
Sami was kind of nervous.
Sami agreed to the price.
Sami has six stepchildren.
Sami didn't take a shower.
Sami's hair is dirty.
Sami was treating everybody like he was a celebrity.
Sami used that name.
Sami used a fake name.
Sami is getting nervous.
Sami got out of there.
Sami is one of Layla's receptionists.
Sami bought this for a couple hundred dollars.
Sami was looking.
Sami took the money.
Sami paid Layla six months later.
Layla is the bride.
Sami will pay Layla today.
Sami is not going to pay it.
Sami isn't going to pay it.
Sami has a balance and needs to pay it.
Sami was so unhappy.
Sami went on vacation.
Sami found this really bizarre.
Layla looks amazing.
Sami told Layla what exactly happened.
Sami left his bag in the car.
Sami spent six hundred dollars.
Sami was looking at her.
Sami and Layla talked about the price.
Sami said he didn't care.
Sami didn't want to pay the bill.
Sami came back six months later.
Sami knew many celebrities.
Sami agreed to our prices.
Sami has something on his face.
Sami totally understands this.
Sami just walked out.
Sami already knows.
Sami won't believe that.
Layla looked amazing on her wedding day.
Sami said the exact same thing.
Sami looked like he was blind.
Sami wants to end his relationship with Layla.
Sami has many haters.
Sami created many fake accounts on Facebook.
Sami saw Layla a year later.
Layla is no longer accepted at that salon.
Sami was so funny.
Sami sent Layla a private message.
Sami went under a fake name.
Sami hasn't heard anything back.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's full name.
Sami doesn't know that Layla is crazy.
Sami is a really nice man.
Sami was supposed to be taking care of Layla.
Sami is working at Walmart.
Sami has a weird Instagram name.
Sami is a very social creature.
Sami received a lot of letters.
Sami spent six months in Cairo.
Sami got lucky.
Sami was asked to come back.
Sami will be interviewed today.
Layla was really into makeup.
Sami did the interview.
Sami ended up working with Walmart.
Layla learned about makeup.
Sami got the job immediately.
Sami filled out the paperwork.
Sami finished watching the videos.
Sami watched some training videos.
Sami got there at six.
Sami learned this from his co-workers.
Sami is Layla's previous manager.
Sami lived too far.
Sami quit because was sick of the job.
Sami started working there.
Sami absolutely loved his new job.
Sami got along with everybody really well.
Sami has been here for six years.
Sami has been here for like six months.
Sami got 20% off over everything.
Sami came in there.
Layla likes makeup.
Sami is the store manager.
Sami is the HR guy.
Sami walked Layla to the back of the room to introduce her to Salima.
Layla is an African-American woman.
Sami was the assistant manager.
Sami didn't have to say this.
Sami seemed like a rude person.
Sami started working.
Sami has to work with Layla.
Sami is the new assistant manager.
Layla's makeup looks great.
Sami has a daughter and her name is Layla.
Sami was a super bubbly boy.
Sami was super friendly.
Sami suppressed his emotions.
Sami did something wrong.
Sami messed that up.
Sami is gonna fix this.
Sami is going to fix this.
Sami needs a coffee break.
Sami was never rude.
Sami is so nice.
Sami is super nice.
Sami worked there before me.
Sami will be hired.
Sami was complaining about that.
Sami hired another girl.
Sami has been here longer than Layla.
Sami worked with Layla for six days straight.
Sami was assisting customers.
Sami approached the customer and asked him what he was looking for.
Sami knows what he is looking for.
Sami doesn't want your help.
Sami didn't say that in a rude way.
Sami assisted customers that wanted to be assisted.
Sami made his customers uncomfortable.
Layla is a black girl.
Layla is a beautiful black girl.
Sami lost many customers.
Sami doesn't want to talk.
Sami can't force Layla to talk.
Sami wanted Layla to do this.
Sami wants Layla to do this.
Sami told Layla to do this.
Sami told Layla to do that.
Sami sells appliances.
Sami sells jewelry.
Sami wants to buy a new dishwasher.
Sami does not care.
Sami doesn't care.
Sami's enthusiasm was low.
Sami made his female customers uncomfortable.
Sami was irritated.
Sami has done a good job today.
Sami did a good job today.
Sami was working with the assistant manager.
Sami really likes Layla.
Sami got more aggressive with the customers.
Sami is my superior.
Layla is a grown woman.
Sami hates managers like that.
Sami created tension in the office.
Sami was working with Layla sometimes.
Sami became more aggressive with customers.
Sami loved working there.
Layla didn't know anything about makeup.
Layla is the beauty manager.
Sami sold six products today.
Sami purchased Layla's products.
Sami was a little irritated.
Sami was bothered.
Sami worked with this guy named Farid.
Sami was a drag performer.
Sami is not sure about how he feels about Layla.
Sami isn't sure about how he feels about Layla.
Sami does everything.
Sami didn't mention this.
Sami hated everyone.
Sami was nasty to Layla.
Sami was so nice to Layla.
Sami was nasty to the other girls.
Sami worked there for six hours.
Sami worked his entire shift there.
Sami was really nasty to everyone.
Sami was helping customers.
Sami works long hours there.
Sami quit because he hated Layla.
Sami got hired to work at Walmart.
Sami was really generous.
Sami saw Layla and Farid talking.
Sami walked Layla out of the store.
Sami is too soft-spoken.
Sami doesn't think Layla is performing well.
Sami was doing this.
Sami's numbers are the highest.
Sami is so soft-spoken.
Sami doesn't like Layla's approach.
Sami's approach was working.
Sami works in a different department.
Sami won't quit.
Sami will not quit.
Sami has never got a good job.
Sami thinks Layla is too soft-spoken.
Sami lied to Layla.
Sami doesn't want to talk to Layla.
Sami looked at his schedule.
Sami will not be fired.
Sami won't be fired.
Sami isn't working for you.
Sami doesn't work for you.
Sami is not working for you.
Sami and Layla both called me.
Sami isn't going to lose his job.
Sami is not going to lose his job.
Sami waited for six days.
Sami waited for six weeks.
Sami is not losing his job.
Sami isn't losing his job.
Sami has a new job.
Sami had a new job.
Sami was really, really nice.
Sami was working two jobs.
Sami was a really sweet guy.
Sami could sue them for that.
Sami doesn't have the money to sue them.
Sami got fired from Walmart.
Sami was really phoney and weird.
Sami was fake nice.
Sami was so passive-aggressive.
Sami really did like his job.
Sami didn't really like his job.
Sami is making a lot more money now.
Sami is an optician.
Sami is interested to work for Walmart.
Sami did an easy-peasy job.
Sami sold a lot of products.
Sami doesn't really know that much.
Sami looked like a pumpkin.
Sami looked ugly.
Sami was laughing at me.
Sami wants to do this outside.
Sami wants to film outside.
Layla bought another product.
Layla's foundation was too dark.
Layla doesn't know anything about makeup.
Sami isn't even listening to what Layla is telling him.
Layla got her makeup done at the hotel.
Sami went up to the counter.
Layla doesn't know that much about makeup.
Layla wanted to look very refreshed and young.
Layla's husband doesn't like makeup.
Sami has to buy something.
Layla bought lashes.
Layla started to do my makeup.
Layla's makeup doesn't look bad.
Layla's makeup didn't look bad but that wasn't what she wanted.
Layla was supposed to do my makeup.
Sami doesn't have Layla's number.
Sami is gonna show up any minute.
Sami is going to show up any minute.
Layla is going to get her makeup done in a minute.
Layla looked awesome.
Sami's face was very irritated.
Layla doesn't want that much makeup.
Sami's face was getting so itchy.
Sami's skin is super sensitive.
Sami had a horrible day.
Sami got off the chair.
Layla got off the chair to see her makeup.
Sami wanted to cry.
Sami didn't do what they asked him to do.
Sami looked at himself in the mirror.
Layla's makeup doesn't look that bad.
Sami was nice the whole time.
Sami has to pay.
Layla got her makeup done.
Sami doesn't have to buy anything.
Layla will do your makeup.
Sami can't use those.
Sami told me that I could do that.
Sami was in a rush.
Sami has told me that.
Layla got her makeup done for sixty dollars.
Layla didn't want to use those lashes.
Layla put on her wedding dress.
Sami was trying to keep cool.
Sami doesn't have the money right now.
Sami called for someone to bring him money.
Sami didn't even want this.
Sami is not that type of person.
Sami isn't that type of person.
Layla looks hideous.
Sami was doing something illegal.
Sami's face hurts.
Sami didn't let Layla leave.
Layla's makeup looks like crap.
Sami put on his shoes.
Layla bought a lipstick.
Sami has finally left.
Sami's face was so itchy.
Sami's face had bumps everywhere.
Layla doesn't know how to do her makeup.
Layla put a lot of blush on her face.
Sami is getting married.
Sami is happily married.
Layla went to Salima's house to do her makeup.
Layla looks beautiful in her pictures.
Sami looks nice.
Sami had to pay.
Sami doesn't even want to think about it.
Sami was on camera.
Sami was talking.
Sami did something a little bit different.
Sami is Farid's ex-roommate.
Sami needs to explain this a little bit better.
Sami was faking it.
Sami was possessed.
Sami moved out of the house that day.
Sami was really excited about it.
Sami lived there part-time for months.
Sami was Layla's boyfriend at the moment.
Sami didn't know that girl.
Sami called Layla again.
Sami will totally understand.
Sami and Layla were actually very good friends.
Sami shouldn't move in with Layla.
Sami lived with Layla and her boyfriend.
Sami and Layla didn't live together very long.
Sami spent so much time in that house.
Sami moved in in June.
Sami is a little bit older.
Sami comes to visit.
Sami is older than me.
Sami picked up on Layla's manners.
Sami was wearing those socks.
Sami bought a new wallet.
Layla is so cute.
Sami wants a wallet.
Sami wants a new wallet.
Layla got a new wallet for a very good price.
Sami gave Layla a wallet.
Sami remembers this so vividly.
Sami is in Egypt now.
Sami bought a wallet for sixty dollars.
Sami didn't use the wallet.
Sami needs to go to the eye doctor.
Sami was socializing with Layla.
Sami made the coffee himself at home.
Sami is really sweet.
Sami and Layla had been good friends for a long time.
Sami and Layla got closer.
Sami and Layla were eating and drinking coffee, having a good time.
Sami kept eying the wallet.
Sami got that wallet for me.
Sami was not friends with that girl.
Sami stole some things from Layla's house.
Sami was so sorry for Layla.
Sami went into Layla's house and stole some things.
Sami was doing his homework.
Sami wanted to see the video.
Sami stole Layla's diamond ring.
Layla had a gold cross necklace.
Sami probably stole Layla's cross necklace.
Sami went into Layla's room.
Sami looked around and didn't see his suitcase.
Sami was totally wrong.
Sami felt terrible.
Sami came home from work.
Sami was cleaning.
Sami was cleaning upstairs.
Sami heard Layla walking.
Sami couldn't even get the word "hi" out of his mouth.
Layla had never, ever worn a cross necklace before.
Sami reminded Layla that he didn't like her.
Sami is very young.
Sami intimidated Layla.
Who brought the pie?
Sami doesn't know where you live now.
Sami scared the living crap out of me.
Sami had a bad day.
Sami doesn't feel good.
Sami paid Layla for the wallet.
Sami's and Layla's kids played together while they talked.
I was able to have this report done in time thanks to a good friend.
Sami and Layla took their kids to the playground.
Sami has never seen Layla wear a cross necklace.
Sami had a copy of Layla's house key made.
Sami stole a wallet.
Sami had a black wallet.
Sami doesn't know what to do in situations like these.
Sami put Layla's wallet in her mailbox.
Sami liked the wallet a lot.
Sami will like this wallet a lot.
Sami paid for the wallet.
Sami spent sixty dollars on this wallet.
Sami and Layla didn't talk for a while.
Sami thinks that Layla knows that he knows what she did.
Sami just called the police.
Sami was very naive at this time.
Sami stole a wallet and sold it to me.
Sami literally loved that story.
Sami is the roommate that I lived with for six months.
Sami begged Layla to tell that story again.
Sami is just trying to remember things as they come.
Sami said this in the past video.
Sami is the name of my best friend.
Sami had a two-level apartment.
Sami talked about Layla in his last video.
Sami inspected the apartment.
Sami didn't speak great Arabic.
Sami said Arabic wasn't his first language.
Sami's apartment was a little bit messy.
Sami got a call from the landlord.
Sami is living in an apartment.
Sami will only have to live with Farid for a month.
Sami went with his mom.
Sami will have to sign the contract.
Sami's mom was paying his rent.
Sami owned this house.
Sami read the contract.
Sami paid all that money.
Sami signed the lease and got the keys.
Sami wanted to move in.
Sami gave Layla the keys.
Sami moved into that house.
Sami was living with a roommate.
Sami isn't moving out in six weeks.
Sami doesn't remember the girl's name.
Sami's cat caused a little bit of damage to the house.
Sami's roommate moved out.
Sami told Layla to fix the door.
Sami's cat was playing with the ball.
Sami asked his roommate to fix the window.
Sami came to fix it himself.
Sami asked the landlord to fix the door.
Sami accidentally locked Layla out of the house.
Sami has his house key.
Layla was a really lovely lady.
Sami is living with a roommate.
Sami's roommate is quite messy.
Sami moved out of that house because of his horrible roommate.
Sami was so annoying.
Sami's roommate was so annoying.
Sami proved that he was paying rent.
Sami was paying rent.
Sami has never seen a lease contract before.
Sami has never read the lease contract.
Sami signed the lease contract.
Sami wasn't allowed to tell Layla about that.
Sami wasn't able to tell Layla.
Sami was moving out.
Sami is not going to tell Layla.
Sami isn't going to tell Layla.
Sami stopped paying his rent.
Sami has to move out.
Sami must have been told that he is gonna have to move.
Sami didn't enjoy living with Layla.
Sami knew the whole time but couldn't tell anything to Layla.
Sami and Layla lived together for a month and a half.
Sami breached the contract.
Sami caused a lot of damage to the house.
Sami started looking for a new person to move into that house with him.
Sami and Layla lived in a shared house.
Sami lived in this area.
Sami was texting Layla all the time.
Sami's university was quite far from the place where he lived.
Sami didn't want to move there.
Sami came over during the mid-semester break.
Sami rented a new house.
Sami was looking for a new tenant.
Sami found Layla's text messages.
Sami lived downstairs.
Sami is not sure.
Sami isn't sure.
Sami lives downstairs.
Sami calls me every day.
Sami can't go downstairs.
Sami texted me at six pm.
Sami wanted to see Layla's room.
Sami wanted to see Layla's apartment.
Sami found tools all over the ground.
Sami was in his pyjamas.
Sami found this so frustrating.
Sami's house was messy.
Sami sat on the ground of his bedroom.
Sami gave Layla half an hour to clean the whole house.
Sami messaged me again.
Sami remembers where he was when he got that message.
Sami was driving to work.
Sami was so annoyed.
Sami needed money.
Sami read the contract again.
Sami's house is clean and tidy.
Sami cannot clean the house before lunch.
Sami can't clean the house before lunch.
Sami's house was in perfect condition.
Sami is gonna be at work.
Sami is going to be at work.
Sami will let you know in advance.
Sami was very, very nice to me.
Sami was very nice to me.
Sami said he was moving out.
Sami is a great tenant.
Sami didn't send it to me.
Sami sent me a text message.
Sami spelt my name wrong.
Sami was happy with Layla renting his property.
Sami is my previous landlord.
Sami went and delivered the key to Layla's house.
Sami checked the place.
Sami e-mailed Layla a week later.
Sami asked his landlord to give him his bond back.
Sami messaged back Layla.
Sami went and checked the place.
Sami's shower was dirty.
Sami stayed at the house.
Sami gave me the keys.
Sami and Layla inspected the house together.
Sami never stated this.
Sami never stated that.
Sami never replied to anything that I sent him from then on.
Sami saw Layla's video.
Sami doesn't know how Layla found his video.
Sami made Layla so mad.
Sami doesn't want to live downstairs.
Sami needs to pay me more rent.
Sami was trying to get more money out of Layla.
Sami was very money-hungry.
Sami has no rental history.
Sami basically started from scratch.
Sami will never get his money back.
Sami will never get his bond back.
Sami is the landlord.
Sami lives in a wonderful house.
My flat is near.
Sami knows the owner of the house.
Sami has had a great time so far.
I found a flat.
Sami told Layla about his obsession with Star Wars.
Sami stopped playing.
Sami was bored.
Sami was at the doctor's office.
Sami is really excited about it.
Sami is going to love it.
Sami enjoyed his addiction to this game.
Layla was babysitting Salima's child.
Layla taught Sunday school.
Layla was babysitting.
Sami works for the church.
Sami has lived here for a really long time.
Sami watched Layla's pets.
Sami had horrible nightmares sometimes.
Sami dreamed that his shadow was chasing him.
Sami dreamed that his shadow detached from his feet and started chasing him.
Sami was in this house.
Sami never knew who that woman was.
Sami was uncomfortable in that house.
Sami sleeps upstairs.
Sami's guest bedroom is on the right.
Sami has always felt that this painting was watching him.
Check your tyre pressure.
Sami was in the guest bedroom.
Sami has a picture of his cat.
Sami didn't like me that much.
Sami and Layla watched movies.
Sami scared Layla's cat.
Sami lost his car keys.
Sami is there.
Sami's keys weren't where he had left them.
Sami found his keys on the couch.
Sami really doesn't know.
Sami left his car keys on the couch.
Sami was hanging out with his cat and dog.
Sami was watching to go to bed.
Sami locked all the doors of the house.
Sami latched the door.
Sami went to the living room.
Sami got up and went to the kitchen.
Sami doesn't have someone with him.
Sami's back door was wide open.
Sami didn't want to stay a night there anymore.
Sami doesn't have any friends.
Sami didn't know how that happened.
Sami didn't want to spend the night there anymore.
Sami's parents were very old.
Sami asked Layla to babysit his child.
Sami was watching Layla's kids.
Sami and Layla played video games together.
Sami went to that church for so long.
Sami has got a huge TV in the basement.
Sami was just playing games.
Sami and Layla were downstairs.
Sami's parents came home early.
Sami drove to Cairo for a concert.
Sami was playing a prank.
Sami wasn't too scared.
Sami didn't want to scare Layla.
Sami looked at his phone.
Sami is going back upstairs.
Sami's cellphone rang.
Sami's cellphone is ringing.
Sami said that.
Sami's face was really pale.
Sami was playing a joke on Layla.
Sami looks scared.
Sami dropped his phone.
Sami ran upstairs.
Sami wanted to play a game.
Sami didn't play jokes on Layla.
Sami wasn't really believing Layla.
Sami thought that was so strange.
Sami said he wanted to play another game.
Sami stepped away from Layla.
Sami wanted to know.
Sami wanted to know who did that.
Sami was weirded out.
Sami came half an hour later.
Sami's parents got home.
Sami's parents got home half an hour later.
Sami was really scared about it.
Sami doesn't know what it was.
Sami has just heard the door open.
Sami answered the door.
Sami wasn't playing around.
Sami went to the clock and it was midnight.
Sami slammed the door shut.
Sami walked me outside.
Sami goes to bed at nine.
Sami was so freaked out.
Sami is babysitting.
Sami needed a logical explanation.
Sami wanted a logical explanation.
Sami never experienced this before.
Sami and Layla went to bed.
Sami went to answer the door.
Sami unlocked the back door and left it open.
Sami never leaves this door unlocked.
Sami played an incredibly elaborate prank on Layla.
Sami never felt weird in this house.
Sami's video is sponsored by Nike.
Sami is going to love this story.
Sami is gonna love this story.
Sami was sixteen when this happened.
Sami has just graduated high school.
Sami can only watch one kid at a time.
Layla can only babysit one kid at a time.
Sami was really smart.
Sami and Layla had so much fun.
Layla was a fricking spitfire.
Sami drove me crazy.
Sami's kids were so smart.
Sami's kids were very manipulative.
Sami seemed so tired.
Sami came back to the kitchen area.
Sami was in the living area.
Sami was doing a puzzle.
Sami burst into tears.
Sami was just crying.
Sami was trying to comfort Layla.
Sami couldn't talk proper Arabic.
Sami can watch a movie.
Sami just wanted to watch TV.
Sami was watching a cartoon.
Sami was snoring.
Sami looked around the room.
Sami looked around the room, then he looked at me.
Layla was babysitting Sami's two kids.
Sami knows that Layla is here.
Sami started sobbing.
Sami and Layla were both screaming.
Sami didn't know exactly what it was.
Sami shouldn't be there.
Sami is 100% certain.
Sami was also scared.
Sami saw headlights coming down the driveway.
Stop complaining to me about nothing.
Sami didn't want to call the police unnecessarily.
Sami didn't even know who it was.
Sami went through the kitchen unseen.
Sami grabbed a kitchen knife.
Sami was going to the door.
Sami heard another knock.
Sami was so close to the door.
Sami could hear me.
Sami couldn't control that.
Sami heard a male voice.
Sami was so scared at this point.
Sami shouldn't have been so scared.
Sami ran into the living room.
Sami saw that movie.
Sami is inside the house.
Sami isn't going to die.
Sami wasn't going to die.
Sami's house has really secure doors.
Sami's locks are pretty secure.
Sami was playing a prank on us.
Sami has to go through the kitchen.
Sami could be seen from the outside.
Sami was there to kill Layla.
Sami got into Layla's house.
Layla was clutching the knife to her chest as she walked.
Sami was on the side porch.
Sami was tiptoeing over there.
Sami dropped to the ground.
Sami saw someone moving outside.
Sami could hear footsteps.
Sami didn't know who that person was.
Sami was moving across the lawn.
Sami was ready to kill Layla.
Sami made a big mistake.
Sami is mistaken.
Sami is gonna get in trouble for this.
Sami is going to get in trouble for this.
Sami should have called the police.
Sami spotted headlights coming down the driveway.
Sami knew there was someone outside.
Sami was at the opposite end of the house.
Sami called my name.
Sami came outside.
Sami can come outside.
Sami has been talking to Layla for six months.
Layla was babysitting a lot.
Sami saw my car in the driveway.
Sami thought it was funny.
Sami was so angry.
Sami thought that Layla knew it was him.
Sami had nothing to do with Layla's family.
Layla was babysitting in the neighborhood where she lived.
Layla never, ever babysat again.
Sami saw Layla's headlights.
Sami heard a knock on the door and assumed it was Layla.
Sami was driving down the driveway.
Sami seemed to love those videos.
Layla did a lot of babysitting.
Sami has a lot of weird stories.
Sami had six daughters.
Sami's daughters were very sweet.
Sami was playing games.
Sami was texting friends.
Sami has AIDS.
Sami is living with HIV.
Sami doesn't have medication.
Sami is HIV positive.
Sami is positive, I mean HIV postive.
Sami thinks this is really amazing.
Sami lived in a really old farmhouse.
Sami's house has been renovated.
Sami's house was renovated.
Sami had his house renovated.
Sami's parents were at work.
Sami left at six a.m. and came back at noon.
Sami heard something spooky.
Sami heard someone walking upstairs.
Sami is a little bit older than Layla but not much.
Sami was sixteen around this time.
Sami lived in an old house.
Sami heard people talking.
Sami was coloring.
Sami left the TV on.
Sami always leaves the TV on.
Layla watched Sami's daughters for so long.
Sami and Layla definitely had some interesting times together.
Sami's parents, bless them, worked so hard and so much and they were never home.
Sami and Layla decorated the house.
Sami went up to the attic and get some decorations.
Sami decided to go up to the attic and get some Christmas decorations.
Sami lost his phone.
Sami called Layla from the house phone.
Sami couldn't find his phone.
Sami looked for his phone absolutely everywhere.
Sami was searching everywhere in that house and he couldn't find his phone.
Sami heard his phone ringing.
Sami heard his phone ringing from above him.
Sami left his phone in the attic.
Sami has been listening to music on his phone pretty much the whole time he was decorating.
Sami's phone was in his bag.
Sami's Christmas decorations are in the attic.
Sami's phone was in the attic.
Sami decorated the house for Christmas.
Sami had a scary dream.
Sami was spending the night at that house.
Sami had a hard time falling asleep in that house.
Sami had a dream that he was in that house.
Sami had a dream that he was walking through an empty house.
Sami heard something behind him.
Sami had a really bizarre dream.
Sami had a huge nutcracker sitting by the front door.
Sami's house is super haunted.
Sami always had imaginary friends.
Sami loved Scooby-Doo.
Sami loved hearing what Layla had to say.
Layla loved babysitting.
Sami came to join Layla.
Sami's parents were hyper-religious.
Sami wasn't allowed to watch scary movies.
Sami wasn't even allowed to watch Harry Potter.
Sami found this really strange.
Sami is here for the tea party.
Sami is not familiar with this.
Sami isn't familiar with this.
Sami wasn't familiar with this cartoon.
Sami was happy for me to join the tea party.
Sami was really surprised when Layla told him that he couldn't join the tea party.
Sami started to walk away.
Sami called his imaginary friend Farid.
Sami wanted Layla to stay.
Sami wanted Layla to stay but Salima said no.
Sami wanted to play in the yard.
Sami is Farid's imaginary friend.
Sami wanted to play outside.
Sami never plays near the well.
Sami's house looks old.
Sami is not allowed to play near the well.
Sami is not allowed to go near the well.
Sami has a weird crazy life.
Layla has a lot of babysitting experience.
Layla had a babysitting job.
Tom ate half a bag of potato crisps.
Layla can babysit multiple kids at the same time.
Layla has experience with babysitting multiple kids at the same time.
Sami found the story on the Internet.
Sami finds this interesting.
Sami found this creepy.
Sami feels a lot better now.
Sami is feeling so much better now.
Sami said his church was haunted.
Sami lived in that house.
Sami goes to church.
Sami felt that the house was haunted.
Sami was teaching there.
Sami worked at a really old church.
Everybody likes chips.
Sami worked at a church.
I love chips.
Sami started working in the nursery.
I like chips.
Sami was alone in the nursery.
Sami went to the family life center.
Sami was in the Sunday school room.
Sami's room is much larger.
Sami has passed away.
Sami has just passed away.
Sami was officially hired by the church to work in the nursery.
Sami was a nursery worker.
Sami found this normal.
Sami still does this.
Sami used to sit in that chair.
Sami always sat there.
Layla taught Sunday school for a while.
Sami looked at that chair.
Sami's eyes were following something.
Sami always worked alone.
Sami's ghost was thought to be at the church.
Sami talked and acted like someone else was in the room with us.
Sami never did that to me.
Sami has never done this to me.
Sami picked up the little girl.
Layla babysat a lot of toddlers.
Layla babysat a ton of kids.
Sami had better toys.
Sami had bigger toys.
Sami had more expensive toys.
Tom is very private.
Sami was playing with the kids.
Sami heard someone calling his name.
Sami was the only one with keys to those rooms.
Sami was the only one that day with keys to those offices.
Sami's house was huge and totally silent.
Sami went into the classroom.
Sami went into the classroom and no one was there.
Sami's room was locked from the outside.
Sami's door was not only closed, but locked.
Layla babysat babies.
Sami had his keys.
Nice one!
Sami left the kids unattended.
Sami did everything he had to do.
Sami could hear every door in that building open and close.
Sami's house was big and mostly empty.
Sami thought he was alone and he wasn't.
Sami turned off the lights.
Sami has already said this.
Sami can see everything.
Sami can see anyone that comes into the building.
Sami kept that door locked.
Sami's front door opened.
Sami didn't see anyone going inside.
Sami's door closed.
Sami was too scared to go and see.
Sami was expecting someone to come.
Sami came into the building.
Sami worked there completely alone.
Sami never heard the door open again.
Sami attended an evening service.
Sami yelled out.
Sami asked Layla to wait for him.
Sami locked every door.
The patient is delirious.
Sami stole from the church.
Sami was stealing from the church.
Sami caught an intruder in his church.
Sami turned off every light in the building.
Sami finished off his church service.
Sami turned on every single light.
Sami switched the light back on.
Sami never used that bathroom.
Sami walked back to that room.
Sami's lights are on a timer.
Sami switched the light on.
Sami didn't want to think too much about it.
Sami ran to the front door.
Sami was walking to his parents' car.
Sami was totally freaked out.
Sami had to go back and turn the light off.
Sami heard the door opening.
Sami opened the door and announced himself.
Sami worked there for so long.
Sami's story is very weird.
Sami's little daugther is the sweetest thing on earth.
Sami missed Sunday school.
Sami wanted to talk to me about something.
Sami doesn't work at that church.
Sami was so insanely nice.
Sami hates that mean lady.
Sami has worked there.
Sami didn't seem happy.
Sami just stood in the corner.
Sami wasn't smiling.
Sami just stared at everyone and didn't say anything.
Sami wasn't friendly.
Sami was working at the campus that day.
Sami works at the other church.
Sami's keys were in a cupboard.
Sami's keys went missing.
Sami wasn't working that day.
Sami had no clue how his keys got there.
Sami is a mess.
Sami's room is a mess.
Layla has just done her hair.
Sami left his camera charger at a hotel.
Sami doesn't know where his camera charger is.
Sami spent sixty dollars on getting a new battery.
Sami doesn't even care.
Sami led a crazy life.
Sami and Layla both led crazy lives.
Sami's story is so crazy.
Sami told Layla that story.
Sami experienced something so similar to that.
Sami has never heard this story.
Sami came to our house.
Sami has never told this story.
Sami's family had a stalker.
Sami had a YouTube channel.
Sami lives in the middle of nowhere.
Sami lived on a farm.
Sami got hurt.
Tom and I are flatmates.
Tom and I were flatmates.
Sami missed her so much.
Sami came pretty late at night.
Sami never met that man.
Sami was a really skinny man.
The nocebo effect is the opposite of the placebo effect.
Sami was very messy.
Sami's shirts were always wrinkled.
Sami looked homeless.
Sami didn't take care of himself.
Sami went to the nearest restaurant.
Sami has just gotten home.
Sami was getting changed.
Sami was flossing his teeth.
Sami never flosses his teeth.
Sami just opened the door.
Sami's car broke down.
Sami's shift starts at six in the morning.
Sami doesn't know English.
Sami works at a plant nursery.
Sami was so terrified about this.
Sami gave Layla money for a cab.
Sami was a good judge of character.
Sami was younger.
Sami was so mad.
Sami grew up outside Cairo.
Sami was very dangerous.
Sami drove Layla to the plant nursery.
Sami didn't give Layla any identifying information.
Sami taught at the same school that Layla was attending.
Sami was in his senior year.
Sami went to college.
Sami was never really alone.
Sami lives near the bank.
Sami went to a convencience store.
Sami saw Layla walking down the street.
Sami hailed Layla down.
Sami drove the guy to that hospital.
Sami had to slow down.
Sami jumped in front of Layla's car.
Sami was kind of irritated.
Sami is taking his daugther home.
Layla looks awfully pretty today.
Sami started rolling up the window.
Sami is an adult man.
Sami was standing in the middle of the road.
Sami is so strange.
Sami was down on his luck that night.
Sami saw that man again.
Sami doesn't smoke.
Sami started finding cigarette butts all around his house.
Sami found cigarette butts everywhere.
Sami saw a car parked across the street.
Sami left the headlights on.
Sami has been dealing with this for a while.
Sami immediately took off.
Sami was watching Layla's house very closely.
Sami can't say this.
Sami made strange little remarks.
Sami and Layla are going home.
Sami is getting old.
Sami saw Layla downtown.
Sami was sick and home from school.
Sami was home from school.
Sami heard a knock on the front door.
Sami's parents are both teachers.
Sami saw somebody outside.
Sami had a kid with him.
Sami was just standing there, holding that little boy's hand.
Sami had a picture-perfect beautiful child.
Sami and Layla have never met before.
Sami's car was overheating.
Sami gave Layla a bottle of water.
Sami didn't look panicked.
Sami locked the door very quickly.
Sami heard the door knob jiggling.
Sami was trying to get into the house.
Sami was trying to open the door.
Sami wanted to get that stranger to leave.
Sami wanted to get the stranegr to leave without putting himself in danger.
Sami was in a really dangerous situation.
Sami's garage was open.
Sami's dogs bark at everything.
Sami opened the garage door.
Sami was a huge creepy-looking muscular guy.
Sami was in Layla's garage.
Sami kept banging on the door.
Sami put his foot in the door so it doesn't close.
Sami used Layla's hose.
Sami started looking a little bit freaked out.
Sami was inspecting the garage door.
Sami ran down to the basement.
Sami called his parents who then called the cops.
Sami never saw anything like that.
Sami had a little boy with him.
Sami has never seen that man again.
Sami's door was wide open.
Sami found the door to Layla's house wide open.
Sami was really creepy.
Sami tried to kidnap Layla.
Sami felt super uncomfortable.
Sami is really fortunate.
Sami is really lucky that he is safe.
Sami is really lucky that he's safe.
Sami said he felt festive.
Sami's house was broken into.
Sami was going to tell that story.
Sami's dad has passed away.
Sami's sister passed away six days ago.
Sami wasn't smart.
Sami has been stalking Layla.
Tom took out the rubbish.
Tom took the rubbish out.
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Austria?
They are my siblings.
Who wants biscuits?
Tom is being mean.
Tom's being mean.
This landscape reminds me of Italy.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
But do you love us?
But do you love it?
Where will she put them?
We have no idea.
This light is more yellowish.
Flies lay eggs.
Tom went from Rome to London.
Tom went from London to Rome.
He wants to be loved.
You're taller than your father.
You look more like your father than your mother.
The men are much stronger than the women.
There are many tourists in Venice.
There are many pigeons in Venice.
The streets are very narrow.
Is the hand quicker than the eye?
This work is suitable for you.
I'm always home.
I'm always at home.
Tom's always at home.
The person who did it is gone.
Tom fed the pigeons.
Write down what I am going to say to you.
Feeding pigeons in St Mark's Square is illegal.
Close that window.
Have you read this book, Tom?
Have you read these books, Tom?
Venice is a beautiful city.
Tourists flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Pigeons flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Pigeons as well as tourists flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Tom fell in love with Venice.
Tom and Mary were overcome with passion.
They were suddenly overcome with passion.
At the moment you're in no condition to drive.
Venice is one of the world's most romantic cities.
These tourists are rude.
These tourists are disrespectful.
Venice was a wealthy and powerful city.
Tom took a waterbus to St. Mark's Square.
Tom took a vaporetto to St. Mark's Square.
Venice was formally known as the Most Serene Republic of Venice.
It's the first time that this has happened to me.
The legs are below the trunk.
I need to arrive in Australia before the 20th.
I need to arrive in Australia before the twentieth.
I might need to stay in Australia until October 20th.
I might need to stay in Australia until October twentieth.
I might need to stay in Australia until the 20th.
I might need to stay in Australia until the twentieth.
I lost the job I had in Australia.
I lost the job that I had in Australia.
I lost the hat I bought in Australia.
I lost the hat that I bought in Australia.
I lived in Australia when I was a kid.
I lived in Australia when I was a child.
I was living in Australia until I was thirteen.
I was living in Australia until I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Australia when I was thirteen.
I was living in Australia when I was thirteen years old.
I lived in Australia many years.
I left Australia on October 20th.
I left Australia on October twentieth.
I know you're not planning on staying in Australia.
I know that you're not planning to stay in Australia.
I know you're not planning to stay in Australia.
I know that you're not planning on staying in Australia.
I know you came to Australia in October.
I know that you came to Australia in October.
I know you didn't go to Australia.
I know that you didn't go to Australia.
I know you have to go back to Australia.
I know that you have to go back to Australia.
I know you need to go to Australia.
I know that you need to go to Australia.
I know you probably don't want to go to Australia, but I'd like you to go with us.
I know that you probably don't want to go to Australia, but I'd like you to go with us.
I know you used to live in Australia.
I know that you used to live in Australia.
I know you want to go back to Australia.
I know that you want to go back to Australia.
I know you want to go to Australia.
I know that you want to go to Australia.
I know you were born in Australia.
I know that you were born in Australia.
I know you were in Australia last winter.
I know that you were in Australia last winter.
I know you'll enjoy Australia.
I know that you'll enjoy Australia.
I know you've been to Australia.
I know that you've been to Australia.
I know I should've gone to Australia.
I know that I should've gone to Australia.
I know I should've stayed in Australia.
Let's not weaken our endeavor by working separately.
I know that I should've stayed in Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I just wanted some advice from someone who's already been to Australia.
I just wanted some advice from somebody who's already been to Australia.
I knew you'd like Australia.
I knew that you'd like Australia.
I knew you'd been to Australia.
I knew that you'd been to Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like it in Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't like it in Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like it here in Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here in Australia.
I knew you wouldn't like Australia.
I knew that you wouldn't like Australia.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Australia all month.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Australia all month.
I knew we should've stayed in Australia.
I knew that we should've stayed in Australia.
I knew we should've gone to Australia.
I knew that we should've gone to Australia.
I knew I should've stayed in Australia.
I knew that I should've stayed in Australia.
I just came by to tell you I'm moving to Australia.
I just came by to tell you that I'm moving to Australia.
I hope you have a great time in Australia.
I hope that you have a great time in Australia.
I hope you have a good time in Australia.
I hope that you have a good time in Australia.
I hope you had a great time in Australia.
I hope that you had a great time in Australia.
I hope you had a good time in Australia.
I hope that you had a good time in Australia.
I hope you get that job in Australia that you want.
I hope that you get that job in Australia that you want.
I hope you get a chance to go to Australia.
I hope that you get a chance to go to Australia.
I hope you get a chance to come to Australia.
I hope that you get a chance to come to Australia.
I hope you enjoyed your stay in Australia.
I hope that you enjoyed your stay in Australia.
I hope you enjoy your stay in Australia.
I hope that you enjoy your stay in Australia.
I hope you don't have to stay in Australia all month.
I hope that you don't have to stay in Australia all month.
I hope you can come to Australia next summer.
I hope that you can come to Australia next summer.
I hope we can go to Australia next summer.
I hope that we can go to Australia next summer.
I hope I can visit Australia before I die.
I hope that I can visit Australia before I die.
I hope I'll have a chance to see you the next time I'm in Australia.
I hope that I'll have a chance to see you the next time I'm in Australia.
I hope I'll get a chance to see you next time I'm in Australia.
I hope that I'll get a chance to see you next time I'm in Australia.
I hope I never have to go back to Australia.
I hope that I never have to go back to Australia.
I hope I get the chance to go to Australia.
I hope that I get the chance to go to Australia.
I hope I get a chance to visit Australia.
I hope that I get a chance to visit Australia.
I hope I get a chance to go to Australia.
I hope that I get a chance to go to Australia.
I hope I don't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
I hope that I don't have to live in Australia for more than a year.
I hope I can visit Australia soon.
I hope that I can visit Australia soon.
I hope I can visit Australia in the near future.
I hope that I can visit Australia in the near future.
I hope I can go to Australia soon.
I hope that I can go to Australia soon.
I hope I can find a job in Australia.
I hope that I can find a job in Australia.
I heard Australia is famous for beautiful women.
I heard that Australia is famous for beautiful women.
Tom didn't know I was from Australia.
Tom didn't know that I was from Australia.
Tom didn't know Mary had never been to Australia.
Tom didn't know that Mary had never been to Australia.
Tom didn't know Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to live in Australia.
Tom didn't know Mary was back from Australia.
Tom didn't know that Mary was back from Australia.
Tom didn't know Mary was from Australia.
Tom didn't know that Mary was from Australia.
Tom decided the best thing was to let Mary go to Australia.
Tom decided that the best thing was to let Mary go to Australia.
Tom decided the best thing to do was to go to Australia.
Tom decided that the best thing to do was to go to Australia.
Tom decided he wanted to live in Australia.
Tom decided that he wanted to live in Australia.
Tom decided he didn't really like working in Australia.
Tom decided that he didn't really like working in Australia.
Tom could be in Australia a long time.
Tom could be in Australia for a long time.
Tom claims he was born in Australia.
Tom claims that he was born in Australia.
Tom came to Australia when he was a kid.
Tom came to Australia when he was a child.
Tom came to Australia when he was thirteen.
Tom came to Australia at the age of thirteen.
Tom came to Australia when he was thirteen years old.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than he'd planned.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than we expected.
Tom came back from Australia a week earlier than we expected him to.
Tom asked me if I knew anyone living in Australia.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody living in Australia.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Australia long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Australia long.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Australia a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Australia a long time.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be going to Australia with her.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be going to Australia with her.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were planning to live in Australia.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were planning to live in Australia.
Tom and Mary ran off to Australia and got married after knowing each other only a few weeks.
Tom and Mary ran off to Australia and got married after knowing each other for only a few weeks.
Tom and Mary never told me they used to live in Australia.
Tom and Mary never told me that they used to live in Australia.
Tom and Mary met three years ago in Australia.
Tom and Mary met in Australia three years ago.
Tom and Mary live in Australia with their father.
Tom and Mary live with their father in Australia.
Tom and Mary live with their dad in Australia.
Tom and Mary live in Australia with their dad.
Tom and Mary have just returned from Australia.
Tom and Mary have just gotten back to Australia.
Tom and Mary both came to Australia when they were kids.
Tom and Mary both came to Australia when they were children.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay in Australia until October.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying in Australia until October.
Tom and Mary have both apparently lived in Australia.
Tom and Mary apparently have both lived in Australia.
Tom and John both moved to Australia with their wives.
Both Tom and John moved to Australia with their wives.
Tom and I've just gotten back from Australia.
Tom and I've just returned from Australia.
I hear you're moving to Australia.
I hear that you're moving to Australia.
I hear you're moving back to Australia.
I hear that you're moving back to Australia.
I hear you're from Australia.
I hear that you're from Australia.
I hear you were in Australia recently.
I hear that you were in Australia recently.
I hear you don't have to go to Australia.
I hear that you don't have to go to Australia.
I haven't lived in Australia very long.
I haven't lived in Australia for very long.
I have a lot of friends I want to visit in Australia.
I have a lot of friends that I want to visit in Australia.
Tom and I've both been to Australia.
Both Tom and I've been to Australia.
Are Tom and Mary both still living in Australia?
Are both Tom and Mary still living in Australia?
Are you and Tom both from Australia?
Are both you and Tom from Australia?
Aren't both Tom and Mary from Australia?
Aren't Tom and Mary both from Australia?
Do both Tom and Mary live in Australia?
Do Tom and Mary both live in Australia?
Do both Tom and Mary still live in Australia?
Do Tom and Mary both still live in Australia?
I suspect Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I know Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I know that both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I know both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
I know that Tom and Mary both have houses in Australia.
I know Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I know that both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I know both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I know that Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have both already left Australia.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have already left Australia.
I think Tom and Mary have both never been to Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary have never been to Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary have never been to Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never been to Australia.
I think Tom and Mary both want to go to Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to go to Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary want to go to Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to go to Australia.
I think Tom and Mary were both born in Australia.
I think that both Tom and Mary were born in Australia.
I think both Tom and Mary were born in Australia.
I think that Tom and Mary were both born in Australia.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Australia.
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.
Tom and I are both in Australia.
Tom and I both are in Australia.
Tom and I both grew up in Australia.
Both Tom and I grew up in Australia.
Tom and I both left Australia in 2013.
Both Tom and I left Australia in 2013.
Tom and I both left Australia in the same year.
Both Tom and I left Australia in the same year.
Tom and I both like Australia.
Both Tom and I like Australia.
Tom and I both live and work in Australia.
Both Tom and I live and work in Australia.
Tom and I both live in Australia.
Both Tom and I live in Australia.
Tom and I both want to go to Australia.
Both Tom and I want to go to Australia.
Tom and I both wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Both Tom and I wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom and I both were born in Australia.
Tom and I were both born in Australia.
Both Tom and I were born in Australia.
Tom and I were both happy in Australia.
Both Tom and I were happy in Australia.
Tom and I both were in Australia last month.
Both Tom and I were in Australia last month.
Tom and I both have been to Australia.
Tom and I have both been to Australia.
Tom and I were both in Australia last week.
Both Tom and I were in Australia last week.
Tom and Mary both are in Australia.
Both Tom and Mary are in Australia.
Both Tom and Mary came to Australia when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary came to Australia when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were children.
Tom and Mary both lived in Australia when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were kids.
Tom and Mary both lived in Australia when they were children.
Tom and I moved to Australia last fall.
Tom and I moved to Australia last autumn.
Tom and I lived in Australia a long time.
Tom and I lived in Australia for a long time.
Tom already knows that Mary is planning to stay in Australia for another three days.
Tom already knows that Mary is planning on staying in Australia for another three days.
Tom admitted he had never actually been to Australia.
Tom admitted that he had never actually been to Australia.
There's no doubt Tom used to live in Australia.
There's no doubt that Tom used to live in Australia.
The reason Tom went to Australia was to do that.
The reason that Tom went to Australia was to do that.
The reason Tom went to Australia was to do just that.
The reason that Tom went to Australia was to do just that.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
The reason that Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Australia for a funeral.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because Mary asked him to.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because everybody else in his family did.
The only reason Tom came to Australia was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came to Australia was because everybody else in his family did.
The only foreign country Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
The only foreign country that Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
The only person I know in Australia is Tom.
The only person that I know in Australia is Tom.
The only person Tom knows in Australia is Mary.
The only person that Tom knows in Australia is Mary.
I had no idea you were planning to go to Australia.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Australia.
I had no idea you were in here in Australia.
I had no idea that you were in here in Australia.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Australia last year.
I fell in love with a girl that I met in Australia last year.
The price of electricity is going up.
Disappear!
You all listen to him!
Tell it to us.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never been to Boston.
I think that Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
I think that Tom came to Boston when he was young.
I think that Tom didn't go to Boston.
I think that Tom goes to Boston at least once a year.
I think that Tom got back to Boston in October.
I think that Tom had to go to Boston.
I think that Tom has a cousin in Boston.
I think that Tom has been to Boston at least once.
I think that Tom has been to Boston at least one time.
I think that Tom has gone to Boston.
I think that Tom has never been to Boston.
I think that Tom has relatives in Boston.
I think that Tom has some friends in Boston.
I think that Tom has some relatives in Boston.
I think that Tom has to go to Boston.
I think that Tom is back from Boston.
I think that Tom is coming to Boston next weekend.
I think that Tom is from Boston.
I think that Tom is going to Boston next month.
I think that Tom is going to do that in Boston next week.
I think that Tom is in Boston.
I think that Tom is leaving Boston at the end of the semester.
I think that Tom is likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think that Tom is living in Boston now.
I think that Tom is still in Boston.
I think that Tom is still living in Boston.
I think that Tom is visiting Boston now.
I think that Tom was born in Boston.
I think that Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I think that Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think that Tom said he was from Boston.
I think that Tom went to Boston last week.
I think that Tom went to Boston last month.
I think that Tom went to Boston by car.
I think that Tom used to live in Boston.
I think that Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Boston.
I think that Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
I think that Tom moved to Boston.
I think that Tom lives in Boston.
I think that Tom lived in Boston when he was in high school.
I think that Tom may visit Boston on his next trip.
I think that Tom may stay in Boston for another month.
I think that Tom may come to Boston for Thanksgiving.
I think that Tom might visit Boston next week.
I think that Tom might leave for Boston early tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom might go to Boston in the fall.
I think that Tom might be in Boston.
I think that Tom might be in Boston right now.
I think that Tom wants to go to Boston.
I think that Tom wants to go to Boston with you.
I think that Tom wouldn't be in Boston now.
I think that Tom would like to live in Boston.
I think that Tom would like to be in Boston now.
I think that Tom would go to Boston with you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom could go to Boston with you.
I think that Tom could be in Boston now.
I think that Tom should've stayed in Boston.
I think that Tom should go to Boston to visit Mary.
I think that Tom won't visit Boston anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't go to Boston with Mary.
I think that Tom won't be in Boston very long.
I think that Tom will visit Boston.
I think that Tom will stay in Boston all summer.
I think that Tom will go to Boston.
I think that Tom will go to Boston next week.
I think that Tom will go to Boston next summer.
I think that Tom will do that in Boston next week.
I think that Tom will come to Boston on Monday.
I think that Tom will be staying in Boston until Monday.
I think that Tom will be in Boston next week.
I think that Tom isn't likely to go to Boston any time soon.
I think that Tom isn't in Boston now.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because everyone else in his family did.
The only reason that Tom came to Boston was because everybody else in his family did.
There's no doubt Tom used to live in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were children.
Tom and Mary both lived in Boston when they were kids.
Tom and Mary both lived in Boston when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were kids.
Tom and Mary both came to Boston when they were kids.
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Boston.
I think that both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think that both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I know that both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I know that Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I know that both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I know that Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I suspect both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I suspect that both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
Tom and Mary have both apparently lived in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have apparently lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary apparently have both lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary live with their father in Boston.
Tom and Mary live in Boston with their dad.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston and got married after knowing each other for only a few weeks.
Tom and Mary told everybody they were planning to live in Boston.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary he won't be going to Boston with her.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning to stay in Boston a long time.
Tom asked Mary if John was planning on staying in Boston a long time.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom came back from Boston a week earlier than we expected him to.
I hope that you have a great time in Boston.
I hope that you have a good time in Boston.
I hope that you had a great time in Boston.
I hope that you had a good time in Boston.
I hope that you get that job in Boston that you want.
I hope that you get a chance to go to Boston.
I hope that you get a chance to come to Boston.
I hope that you enjoyed your stay in Boston.
I hope that you enjoy your stay in Boston.
I hope that you don't have to stay in Boston all month.
I hope that you can come to Boston next summer.
I hope that we can go to Boston next summer.
I hope I can visit Boston before I die.
I hope that I'll have a chance to see you the next time I'm in Boston.
I hope that I'll get a chance to see you next time I'm in Boston.
I hope that I never have to go back to Boston.
I hope that I get the chance to go to Boston.
I hope that I get a chance to visit Boston.
I hope that I get a chance to go to Boston.
I hope that I don't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
I hope that I can visit Boston soon.
I hope that I can visit Boston in the near future.
I hope that I can go to Boston soon.
I hope that I can find a job in Boston.
I knew you wouldn't like it here in Boston.
I knew that you wouldn't like it here in Boston.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Boston as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I knew that you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
I know you've been to Boston.
I know that you've been to Boston.
I know that you're not planning to stay in Boston.
I know you're not planning to stay in Boston.
I know that you're not planning on staying in Boston.
I was living in Boston when I was thirteen.
I was living in Boston when I was thirteen years old.
I was living in Boston until I was thirteen.
I was living in Boston until I was thirteen years old.
I hope that I can make it to Boston this weekend.
I think that Tom agrees with Mary.
I think that Tom agrees with me on this.
I think that Tom already knows how to do that.
I think that Tom already knows that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary did that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary didn't want to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary had to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary needed to do that.
I think that Tom already knows why Mary wanted to do that.
I think that Tom already knows.
I think that Tom and I agree.
I think that Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could do that by ourselves if we tried.
I think that Tom and I could take care of ourselves if we tried.
I think that Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've gotten home by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I could've solved that problem by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might have accidentally poisoned ourselves.
I think that Tom and I might've poisoned ourselves.
I think that Tom and I should be able to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I should do that ourselves.
I think that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I will be able do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'd be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and I'll be doing that by ourselves.
I think that Tom and John are identical twins.
I think that Tom and John look better without beards.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ambidextrous.
I think that Tom and Mary are both awake.
I think that Tom and Mary are both bipolar.
I think that Tom and Mary are both blind.
I think that Tom and Mary are both bored.
I think that Tom and Mary are both busy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both confused.
I think that Tom and Mary are both crazy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom and Mary are both drunk.
I think that Tom and Mary are both finicky.
I think that Tom and Mary are both funny.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to be busy tomorrow.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to be doing that.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are both going to get fired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both here.
I think that Tom and Mary are both lying.
I think that Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ready.
I think that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both right.
I think that Tom and Mary are both safe.
I think that Tom and Mary are both shy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sick.
I think that Tom and Mary are both single.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I think that Tom and Mary are both smart.
I think that Tom and Mary are both sorry.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still homesick.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still in prison.
I think that Tom and Mary are both still single.
I think that Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
I think that Tom and Mary are both ticklish.
I think that Tom and Mary are both tired.
I think that Tom and Mary are both trying to lose weight.
I think that Tom and Mary are Canadians.
I think that Tom and Mary are dating.
I think that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I think that Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are going to be so happy together.
I think that Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I think that Tom and Mary are in love.
I think that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I think that Tom and Mary are married.
I think that Tom and Mary are secretly married.
I think that Tom and Mary are still married.
I think that Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
I think that Tom and Mary both are stuck-up.
I think that Tom and Mary both have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom and Mary both have lied to us.
I think that Tom and Mary both have the ability to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both have to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both said they've already read this book.
I think that Tom and Mary both want something to eat.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to come with us.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom and Mary both want you to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary don't know each other.
I think that Tom and Mary had a fight.
I think that Tom and Mary have both already agreed to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both been crying.
I think that Tom and Mary have both been suspended.
I think that Tom and Mary have both done that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both given up hope.
I think that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I think that Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I think that Tom and Mary have fallen in love with each other.
I think that Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
I think that Tom and Mary like playing tennis together.
I think that Tom and Mary like to play tennis together.
I think that Tom and Mary might actually get married.
I think that Tom and Mary should get married.
I think that Tom and Mary were talking about John.
I think that Tom and Mary were talking in French.
I think that Tom and Mary will be able to buy ice skates their sizes at the sports store near the art museum.
I think that Tom and Mary would make a nice couple.
I think that Tom ate my piece of cake.
I think that Tom believed me.
I think that Tom believes everything Mary says.
I think that Tom blames himself.
I think that Tom broke the dish on purpose.
I think that Tom came here to see Mary.
I think that Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think that Tom cheated.
I think that Tom complains too much.
I think that Tom cried.
I think that Tom deserves that.
I think that Tom did a fine job.
I think that Tom did a good job.
I think that Tom did a great job.
I think that Tom did a really nice job.
I think that Tom did exactly what he said he did.
I think that Tom did it.
I think that Tom did really well.
I think that Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom did that better this time.
I think that Tom did that by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom did that by himself.
I think that Tom did that by mistake.
I think that Tom did that in October.
I think that Tom did that incorrectly.
I think that Tom did that intentionally.
I think that Tom did that last week.
I think that Tom did that on Monday.
I think that Tom did that on purpose.
I think that Tom did that once.
I think that Tom did that pretty well.
I think that Tom did that really well.
I think that Tom did that right.
I think that Tom did that subconsciously.
I think that Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I think that Tom did that with Mary.
I think that Tom did that wrong.
I think that Tom did that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom did that, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom did that, but I may be wrong.
I think that Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I think that Tom did the best he could.
I think that Tom did the right thing.
I think that Tom did this on purpose.
I think that Tom did this.
I think that Tom did well.
I think that Tom did what he said he did.
I think that Tom didn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom didn't believe me.
I think that Tom didn't care.
I think that Tom didn't do it.
I think that Tom didn't do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't do that by mistake.
I think that Tom didn't do that last week.
I think that Tom didn't do that on Monday.
I think that Tom didn't do that on purpose.
I think that Tom didn't do that right.
I think that Tom didn't do that with Mary.
I think that Tom didn't do that yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom didn't do that yesterday.
I think that Tom didn't do that, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I think that Tom didn't do what he said he would do.
I think that Tom didn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom didn't everything he should've done.
I think that Tom didn't expect that to happen.
I think that Tom didn't expect to be here for so long.
I think that Tom didn't go jogging yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom didn't go to the party with Mary.
I think that Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't have to do that.
I think that Tom didn't have to leave so early.
I think that Tom didn't intend to do that.
I think that Tom didn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom didn't know Mary spoke French.
I think that Tom didn't know what to do.
I think that Tom didn't like the concert.
I think that Tom didn't like the food.
I think that Tom didn't like the stew.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom didn't need to leave so early.
I think that Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom didn't see me yesterday.
I think that Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
I think that Tom didn't tell us everything.
I think that Tom didn't tell us the truth.
I think that Tom didn't trust me.
I think that Tom didn't understand the joke.
I think that Tom didn't understand the question.
I think that Tom didn't understand what you meant.
I think that Tom didn't understand what you were saying.
I think that Tom didn't understand you.
I think that Tom didn't understand your explanation.
I think that Tom didn't understand.
I think that Tom didn't want Mary to go out with John.
I think that Tom didn't want me to do that.
I think that Tom didn't want our help.
I think that Tom didn't want to be here today.
I think that Tom didn't want to be on his own.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I think that Tom didn't want to do that.
I think that Tom didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
I think that Tom didn't want to leave so early.
I think that Tom died on Monday.
I think that Tom died.
I think that Tom does a fantastic job.
I think that Tom does that all the time.
I think that Tom does that at least once a day.
I think that Tom does that better than Mary does.
I think that Tom does that better than Mary.
I think that Tom does that well.
I think that Tom does that.
I think that Tom doesn't agree with you.
I think that Tom doesn't come here very often.
I think that Tom doesn't do that.
I think that Tom doesn't eat meat.
I think that Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom doesn't have a dog.
I think that Tom doesn't have a very good job.
I think that Tom doesn't have any brothers.
I think that Tom doesn't have the ability to solve the problem.
I think that Tom doesn't have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think that Tom doesn't know he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's place.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I think that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I think that Tom doesn't know what to do.
I think that Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
I think that Tom doesn't like it here.
I think that Tom doesn't like Mary at all.
I think that Tom doesn't like me all that much.
I think that Tom doesn't like me very much.
I think that Tom doesn't like to ski.
I think that Tom doesn't live anywhere near here.
I think that Tom doesn't live very near the school he goes to.
I think that Tom doesn't love me anymore.
I think that Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't really like Mary very much.
I think that Tom doesn't remember me.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very often.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom doesn't speak French very well.
I think that Tom doesn't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
I think that Tom doesn't swim very often.
I think that Tom doesn't understand French.
I think that Tom doesn't want me to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't want our help.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that right now.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I think that Tom doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
I think that Tom doesn't win very often when he plays chess.
I think that Tom drank out of my glass by mistake.
I think that Tom dyes his hair.
I think that Tom eats too much meat.
I think that Tom enjoyed doing that.
I think that Tom enjoyed singing with us.
I think that Tom even likes Mary.
I think that Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I think that Tom expected Mary to ask him to stay.
I think that Tom expected Mary to get here earlier.
I think that Tom expected Mary to hug him.
I think that Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
I think that Tom expected this all along.
I think that Tom feels differently.
I think that Tom feels the same way.
I think that Tom felt a bit threatened.
I think that Tom felt exactly the same way.
I think that Tom forgot his camera.
I think that Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom found a new job.
I think that Tom gave up too easily.
I think that Tom gets the idea.
I think that Tom got a little tired.
I think that Tom got a raw deal.
I think that Tom got banned.
I think that Tom got home by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom got home by himself.
I think that Tom got scared.
I think that Tom had a good reason.
I think that Tom had a good time.
I think that Tom had a great time.
I think that Tom had a real good year.
I think that Tom had something to do with this.
I think that Tom had to do that.
I think that Tom hangs out with Mary too much.
I think that Tom has a big advantage.
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.
I think that Tom has a drinking problem.
I think that Tom has a girlfriend already.
I think that Tom has a little crush on you.
I think that Tom has a long way to go.
I think that Tom has a lot of faith in Mary.
I think that Tom has a plan.
I think that Tom has a secret admirer.
I think that Tom has a valid point.
I think that Tom has agreed to do that.
I think that Tom has already agreed to do that.
I think that Tom has already done enough.
I think that Tom has already done that.
I think that Tom has already done what he needed to do.
I think that Tom has already seen it.
I think that Tom has already told us everything we need to know.
I think that Tom has already tried doing that.
I think that Tom has already tried to do that.
I think that Tom has been barking up the wrong tree.
I think that Tom has been crying.
I think that Tom has been disloyal.
I think that Tom has been here already.
I think that Tom has been here.
I think that Tom has been punished enough.
I think that Tom has been suspended.
I think that Tom has been trying to impress me.
I think that Tom has been up to something.
I think that Tom has been very lucky.
I think that Tom has been wrongfully accused.
I think that Tom has calmed down.
I think that Tom has come to make trouble.
I think that Tom has considered doing that.
I think that Tom has decided to study French instead.
I think that Tom has died.
I think that Tom has done a good job.
I think that Tom has done a great job.
I think that Tom has done a nice job.
I think that Tom has done that already.
I think that Tom has done that before.
I think that Tom has done that once or twice.
I think that Tom has done that once.
I think that Tom has done that.
I think that Tom has done this before.
I think that Tom has fallen in love.
I think that Tom has finally fallen asleep.
I think that Tom has forgotten how to do that.
I think that Tom has given up hope.
I think that Tom has gone away.
I think that Tom has gone out for a walk.
I think that Tom has gone.
I think that Tom has high blood pressure.
I think that Tom has learned his lesson.
I think that Tom has left.
I think that Tom has lied to us.
I think that Tom has made a mistake.
I think that Tom has never done that before.
I think that Tom has never done that by himself before.
I think that Tom has never done that by himself.
I think that Tom has never done this before.
I think that Tom has never fallen in love.
I think that Tom has never seen this before.
I think that Tom has no ulterior motives.
I think that Tom has passed away.
I think that Tom has seen too much.
I think that Tom has serious problems at home.
I think that Tom has started already.
I think that Tom has stopped breathing.
I think that Tom has suffered enough.
I think that Tom has the ability to do that.
I think that Tom has the ability to solve his problems on his own.
I think that Tom has the hots for you.
I think that Tom has the right to get to know his birth parents.
I think that Tom has the right to meet his birth parents.
I think that Tom has three options.
I think that Tom has to be shown how to do that.
I think that Tom has to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom has to do that again.
I think that Tom has to do that.
I think that Tom has to move on.
I think that Tom has your umbrella.
I think that Tom hasn't agreed to do that.
I think that Tom hasn't decided yet.
I think that Tom hasn't done enough yet.
I think that Tom hasn't done that since October.
I think that Tom hasn't done that.
I think that Tom hasn't gotten around to doing that yet.
I think that Tom hasn't made a decision yet.
I think that Tom hasn't yet done enough.
I think that Tom hates it when Mary makes him wait.
I think that Tom hates Mary.
I think that Tom hates me.
I think that Tom hates my dog.
I think that Tom hates the way I sing.
I think that Tom hates us.
I think that Tom hates waiting for me.
I think that Tom injured himself.
I think that Tom is a bit eccentric.
I think that Tom is a bit too impatient.
I think that Tom is a coward.
I think that Tom is a genius.
I think that Tom is a good coach.
I think that Tom is a good cook.
I think that Tom is a good leader.
I think that Tom is a good swimmer.
I think that Tom is a great guy.
I think that Tom is a liar.
I think that Tom is a likable guy.
I think that Tom is a likeable guy.
I think that Tom is a little nervous about this.
I think that Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think that Tom is a lot better chess player than Mary.
I think that Tom is a lot better player than you.
I think that Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
I think that Tom is a lot better singer than you.
I think that Tom is a lot better swimmer than you.
I think that Tom is a nice guy.
I think that Tom is a nice name.
I think that Tom is a pretty good artist.
I think that Tom is a pretty remarkable person.
I think that Tom is a really nice kid.
I think that Tom is a student.
I think that Tom is a terrible father.
I think that Tom is a terrific kid.
I think that Tom is a very good player.
I think that Tom is a very talented musician.
I think that Tom is a winner.
I think that Tom is able to do that.
I think that Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary does.
I think that Tom is able to play the harmonica as well as Mary.
I think that Tom is about thirty years old.
I think that Tom is about thirty.
I think that Tom is about to cry.
I think that Tom is about to leave.
I think that Tom is absent-minded.
I think that Tom is absent.
I think that Tom is absolutely right.
I think that Tom is acquainted with Mary.
I think that Tom is acting a little suspicious.
I think that Tom is adaptable.
I think that Tom is adopted.
I think that Tom is adventurous.
I think that Tom is afraid of you.
I think that Tom is afraid of your dog.
I think that Tom is afraid.
I think that Tom is aggressive.
I think that Tom is alive.
I think that Tom is all right.
I think that Tom is alone.
I think that Tom is already dead.
I think that Tom is already on the plane.
I think that Tom is ambidextrous.
I think that Tom is ambitious.
I think that Tom is amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom is amusing.
I think that Tom is angry.
I think that Tom is annoyed.
I think that Tom is annoying.
I think that Tom is anxious to do that.
I think that Tom is arrogant.
I think that Tom is articulate.
I think that Tom is artistic.
I think that Tom is at least partially to blame.
I think that Tom is athletic.
I think that Tom is attentive.
I think that Tom is autistic.
I think that Tom is awake.
I think that Tom is awesome.
I think that Tom is bad-tempered.
I think that Tom is bald.
I think that Tom is beating around the bush.
I think that Tom is being disrespectful.
I think that Tom is being reasonable.
I think that Tom is being sarcastic.
I think that Tom is believable.
I think that Tom is better looking than John.
I think that Tom is biased.
I think that Tom is big-headed.
I think that Tom is bilingual.
I think that Tom is bipolar.
I think that Tom is blind.
I think that Tom is bored.
I think that Tom is boring.
I think that Tom is bossy.
I think that Tom is brave.
I think that Tom is bright.
I think that Tom is brilliant.
I think that Tom is broad-minded.
I think that Tom is broke.
I think that Tom is busy.
I think that Tom is callous.
I think that Tom is calm.
I think that Tom is careful.
I think that Tom is careless.
I think that Tom is charismatic.
I think that Tom is charming.
I think that Tom is cheating.
I think that Tom is cheerful.
I think that Tom is chubby.
I think that Tom is clever.
I think that Tom is cold.
I think that Tom is colorblind.
I think that Tom is coming over.
I think that Tom is compassionate.
I think that Tom is competent.
I think that Tom is concealing something from me.
I think that Tom is conceited.
I think that Tom is concerned.
I think that Tom is confident.
I think that Tom is confused.
I think that Tom is conscientious.
I think that Tom is conservative.
I think that Tom is considerate.
I think that Tom is considering doing that.
I think that Tom is contented.
I think that Tom is cool.
I think that Tom is cooperative.
I think that Tom is correct.
I think that Tom is courageous.
I think that Tom is courteous.
I think that Tom is creative.
I think that Tom is curious about that.
I think that Tom is curious.
I think that Tom is dead.
I think that Tom is deaf.
I think that Tom is deceitful.
I think that Tom is delusional.
I think that Tom is dependable.
I think that Tom is depressed.
I think that Tom is desperate to do that.
I think that Tom is desperate.
I think that Tom is determined to do that.
I think that Tom is devious.
I think that Tom is difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom is disappointed.
I think that Tom is discontented.
I think that Tom is discouraged.
I think that Tom is discreet.
I think that Tom is disgusting.
I think that Tom is dishonest.
I think that Tom is displeased.
I think that Tom is divorced.
I think that Tom is doing a fine job.
I think that Tom is doing a pretty good job for us.
I think that Tom is doing great.
I think that Tom is doing his best.
I think that Tom is doing that as well.
I think that Tom is doing that now.
I think that Tom is doing that right now.
I think that Tom is doing that the wrong way.
I think that Tom is doing that, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is doing that, too.
I think that Tom is doing well.
I think that Tom is done.
I think that Tom is downstairs.
I think that Tom is drinking either beer or wine, but I don't really know.
I think that Tom is drunk.
I think that Tom is dying.
I think that Tom is eager to do that.
I think that Tom is easygoing.
I think that Tom is eating right now.
I think that Tom is effective.
I think that Tom is efficient.
I think that Tom is embarrassed.
I think that Tom is engaged.
I think that Tom is enjoying himself.
I think that Tom is entirely wrong about Mary.
I think that Tom is evil.
I think that Tom is exaggerating a little.
I think that Tom is exaggerating.
I think that Tom is excited.
I think that Tom is exciting.
I think that Tom is exhausted.
I think that Tom is expecting us both.
I think that Tom is fair.
I think that Tom is fast.
I think that Tom is fat.
I think that Tom is feeling a little stressed.
I think that Tom is finally asleep.
I think that Tom is fine.
I think that Tom is finicky.
I think that Tom is finished doing that.
I think that Tom is finished.
I think that Tom is fit.
I think that Tom is flabby.
I think that Tom is flexible.
I think that Tom is following me.
I think that Tom is foolish.
I think that Tom is forgetful.
I think that Tom is free.
I think that Tom is friendly.
I think that Tom is frightened.
I think that Tom is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom is from Australia.
I think that Tom is frustrated.
I think that Tom is full.
I think that Tom is funny.
I think that Tom is fussy.
I think that Tom is generous.
I think that Tom is getting a little tired of doing that.
I think that Tom is getting more suspicious.
I think that Tom is getting ready.
I think that Tom is getting tired of doing that.
I think that Tom is glad that that's going to happen.
I think that Tom is going to be all right.
I think that Tom is going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think that Tom is going to be doing that.
I think that Tom is going to be fine.
I think that Tom is going to be here later.
I think that Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
I think that Tom is going to be late.
I think that Tom is going to be OK.
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom is going to be tired when he gets home.
I think that Tom is going to call you.
I think that Tom is going to come back.
I think that Tom is going to confess.
I think that Tom is going to cry.
I think that Tom is going to die.
I think that Tom is going to do something drastic.
I think that Tom is going to do that again.
I think that Tom is going to do that as well.
I think that Tom is going to do that soon.
I think that Tom is going to do that today.
I think that Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is going to do that, too.
I think that Tom is going to do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think that Tom is going to get fired.
I think that Tom is going to get the ax.
I think that Tom is going to have a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom is going to like it here.
I think that Tom is going to lose.
I think that Tom is going to love it.
I think that Tom is going to love this book.
I think that Tom is going to pass the examination.
I think that Tom is going to propose to me.
I think that Tom is going to propose to you tonight.
I think that Tom is going to resign.
I think that Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I think that Tom is going to want to see this.
I think that Tom is going to want to sit down.
I think that Tom is going to win.
I think that Tom is gone.
I think that Tom is good-looking.
I think that Tom is great.
I think that Tom is greedy.
I think that Tom is guilty.
I think that Tom is gullible.
I think that Tom is handling it well.
I think that Tom is handsome.
I think that Tom is happy.
I think that Tom is hard-working.
I think that Tom is hardworking.
I think that Tom is harsh.
I think that Tom is having a good time.
I think that Tom is having a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom is having fun.
I think that Tom is having serious money problems.
I think that Tom is healthy.
I think that Tom is heartbroken.
I think that Tom is helpful.
I think that Tom is here already.
I think that Tom is here.
I think that Tom is heroic.
I think that Tom is hiding from Mary.
I think that Tom is hiding something from Mary.
I think that Tom is hiding something from me.
I think that Tom is hiding something from us.
I think that Tom is high.
I think that Tom is home.
I think that Tom is horrible.
I think that Tom is hot.
I think that Tom is humorous.
I think that Tom is hungry.
I think that Tom is hurt.
I think that Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
I think that Tom is hyperactive.
I think that Tom is hypocritical.
I think that Tom is illiterate.
I think that Tom is imaginative.
I think that Tom is immature.
I think that Tom is immoral.
I think that Tom is impatient to do that.
I think that Tom is impatient.
I think that Tom is impolite.
I think that Tom is impressed.
I think that Tom is improving.
I think that Tom is in great shape.
I think that Tom is in his office on Mondays.
I think that Tom is in his office.
I think that Tom is in love with Mary.
I think that Tom is in love with me.
I think that Tom is in love with you.
I think that Tom is in love.
I think that Tom is in the front yard.
I think that Tom is in the garden.
I think that Tom is in trouble.
I think that Tom is incompetent.
I think that Tom is inconsiderate.
I think that Tom is incorrect.
I think that Tom is inefficient.
I think that Tom is inflexible.
I think that Tom is innocent.
I think that Tom is insane.
I think that Tom is insecure.
I think that Tom is insensitive.
I think that Tom is intelligent.
I think that Tom is intense.
I think that Tom is interested in doing that.
I think that Tom is interested.
I think that Tom is interesting.
I think that Tom is interfering.
I think that Tom is intoxicated.
I think that Tom is intrigued.
I think that Tom is introverted.
I think that Tom is irresponsible.
I think that Tom is irritated.
I think that Tom is jealous of you.
I think that Tom is jealous.
I think that Tom is joking.
I think that Tom is just a little scared.
I think that Tom is just confused.
I think that Tom is just curious.
I think that Tom is just looking for a little attention.
I think that Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
I think that Tom is just sleepy.
I think that Tom is just tired.
I think that Tom is just trying to be practical.
I think that Tom is lazy.
I think that Tom is likable.
I think that Tom is like that.
I think that Tom is likeable.
I think that Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
I think that Tom is likely to be late.
I think that Tom is likely to be there tonight.
I think that Tom is likely to be very hungry by the time he gets home tonight.
I think that Tom is likely to do that later.
I think that Tom is likely to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I think that Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom is likely to like this movie.
I think that Tom is likely to resign.
I think that Tom is likely to win.
I think that Tom is literate.
I think that Tom is lonely.
I think that Tom is looking at us.
I think that Tom is looking for his keys.
I think that Tom is looking for us.
I think that Tom is lost.
I think that Tom is lovable.
I think that Tom is loveable.
I think that Tom is loyal.
I think that Tom is lucky.
I think that Tom is lying.
I think that Tom is mad.
I think that Tom is married.
I think that Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
I think that Tom is Mary's older brother.
I think that Tom is mean.
I think that Tom is miserable.
I think that Tom is mistaken.
I think that Tom is moody.
I think that Tom is more intelligent than Mary.
I think that Tom is motivated to do that.
I think that Tom is motivated.
I think that Tom is much younger than Mary.
I think that Tom is naive.
I think that Tom is narrow-minded.
I think that Tom is nasty.
I think that Tom is nervous.
I think that Tom is next.
I think that Tom is nice.
I think that Tom is normal.
I think that Tom is nosy.
I think that Tom is nuts.
I think that Tom is obedient.
I think that Tom is obese.
I think that Tom is objective.
I think that Tom is obnoxious.
I think that Tom is obsessive.
I think that Tom is obstinate.
I think that Tom is odd.
I think that Tom is OK.
I think that Tom is old.
I think that Tom is only pretending to be asleep.
I think that Tom is open-minded.
I think that Tom is optimistic.
I think that Tom is organized.
I think that Tom is out.
I think that Tom is outgoing.
I think that Tom is outside.
I think that Tom is over thirty.
I think that Tom is overemotional.
I think that Tom is overly optimistic.
I think that Tom is overweight.
I think that Tom is overworked.
I think that Tom is pathetic.
I think that Tom is patient.
I think that Tom is perfect for Mary.
I think that Tom is persistent.
I think that Tom is persuasive.
I think that Tom is pessimistic.
I think that Tom is petty.
I think that Tom is photogenic.
I think that Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom is polite.
I think that Tom is pompous.
I think that Tom is poor.
I think that Tom is possessive.
I think that Tom is prejudiced.
I think that Tom is prepared.
I think that Tom is pretty angry.
I think that Tom is pretty good at baseball.
I think that Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I think that Tom is pretty good at French.
I think that Tom is pretty good at sports.
I think that Tom is probably asleep.
I think that Tom is probably awake by now.
I think that Tom is probably better at chess than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably better at doing that than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably better at French than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably older than you think he is.
I think that Tom is probably right, too.
I think that Tom is probably right.
I think that Tom is probably suspicious.
I think that Tom is probably wrong.
I think that Tom is probably younger than you think he is.
I think that Tom is progressing.
I think that Tom is pulling your leg.
I think that Tom is pushy.
I think that Tom is quite curious.
I think that Tom is quite right.
I think that Tom is ready.
I think that Tom is really a good guy.
I think that Tom is really going to like this.
I think that Tom is really smart.
I think that Tom is relaxed.
I think that Tom is reliable.
I think that Tom is relieved.
I think that Tom is reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom is resourceful.
I think that Tom is responsible for what happened.
I think that Tom is responsible.
I think that Tom is retired by now.
I think that Tom is retired.
I think that Tom is rich.
I think that Tom is romantic.
I think that Tom is rude.
I think that Tom is sad.
I think that Tom is safe.
I think that Tom is sane.
I think that Tom is satisfied.
I think that Tom is scared to talk to me.
I think that Tom is scared.
I think that Tom is seeing someone else.
I think that Tom is self-centered.
I think that Tom is self-conscious.
I think that Tom is selfish.
I think that Tom is sensible.
I think that Tom is serious.
I think that Tom is shallow.
I think that Tom is sharp.
I think that Tom is shy.
I think that Tom is sick of me.
I think that Tom is sincere.
I think that Tom is single.
I think that Tom is skeptical.
I think that Tom is skinny.
I think that Tom is sleepy.
I think that Tom is slow.
I think that Tom is smart.
I think that Tom is smarter than Mary is.
I think that Tom is smarter than Mary.
I think that Tom is smarter than that.
I think that Tom is sneaky.
I think that Tom is somewhat curious.
I think that Tom is sorry.
I think that Tom is starved.
I think that Tom is still afraid to do that.
I think that Tom is still afraid.
I think that Tom is still alive.
I think that Tom is still alone.
I think that Tom is still angry.
I think that Tom is still around.
I think that Tom is still asleep.
I think that Tom is still awake.
I think that Tom is still breathing.
I think that Tom is still busy.
I think that Tom is still cold.
I think that Tom is still confused.
I think that Tom is still curious.
I think that Tom is still dependable.
I think that Tom is still depressed.
I think that Tom is still desperate to do that.
I think that Tom is still determined to do that.
I think that Tom is still disorganized.
I think that Tom is still doing that.
I think that Tom is still downstairs.
I think that Tom is still drunk.
I think that Tom is still groggy.
I think that Tom is still here.
I think that Tom is still hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom is still home.
I think that Tom is still homeless.
I think that Tom is still homesick.
I think that Tom is still hungry.
I think that Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think that Tom is still in prison.
I think that Tom is still interested in doing that.
I think that Tom is still interested.
I think that Tom is still lonely.
I think that Tom is still lost.
I think that Tom is still mad.
I think that Tom is still married.
I think that Tom is still motivated to do that.
I think that Tom is still nervous.
I think that Tom is still optimistic.
I think that Tom is still outside.
I think that Tom is still poor.
I think that Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom is still reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom is still scared.
I think that Tom is still sick.
I think that Tom is still single.
I think that Tom is still skeptical.
I think that Tom is still sleeping.
I think that Tom is still sleepy.
I think that Tom is still suspicious.
I think that Tom is still tired.
I think that Tom is still unbeatable.
I think that Tom is still unconscious.
I think that Tom is still unconvinced.
I think that Tom is still undecided.
I think that Tom is still undefeated.
I think that Tom is still undependable.
I think that Tom is still under thirty.
I think that Tom is still unemployed.
I think that Tom is still unimpressed.
I think that Tom is still unmarried.
I think that Tom is still up.
I think that Tom is still upset.
I think that Tom is still worried.
I think that Tom is stingy.
I think that Tom is stoned.
I think that Tom is strange.
I think that Tom is strong.
I think that Tom is stubborn.
I think that Tom is stuck-up.
I think that Tom is stupid.
I think that Tom is successful.
I think that Tom is suggesting that we should leave.
I think that Tom is sure that's what he has to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what he needs to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think that Tom is sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think that Tom is sure.
I think that Tom is suspicious.
I think that Tom is sympathetic.
I think that Tom is tactful.
I think that Tom is taking a nap.
I think that Tom is talented.
I think that Tom is talking to Mary about that right now.
I think that Tom is tall.
I think that Tom is tense.
I think that Tom is terrified.
I think that Tom is the one most likely to win the race.
I think that Tom is the one who drew this picture.
I think that Tom is the one who painted this fence.
I think that Tom is the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
I think that Tom is the one who'll win.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what needs to be done.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom is the only Canadian here.
I think that Tom is the only Canadian on our team.
I think that Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to swim.
I think that Tom is the only one here who isn't drinking.
I think that Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
I think that Tom is the only one in his family who can swim.
I think that Tom is the only one in his family who can't swim.
I think that Tom is the only one who can do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who can't do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't have to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't need to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I think that Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who doesn't want to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who has to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who needs to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
I think that Tom is the only one with a key.
I think that Tom is the only one working here who can speak French.
I think that Tom is the only vegetarian here.
I think that Tom is the person who painted that picture.
I think that Tom is the person who should be doing this instead of me.
I think that Tom is the right man for the job.
I think that Tom is thin.
I think that Tom is thirsty.
I think that Tom is thirty.
I think that Tom is through doing that.
I think that Tom is ticklish.
I think that Tom is tidy.
I think that Tom is timid.
I think that Tom is tipsy.
I think that Tom is tired.
I think that Tom is too aggressive.
I think that Tom is too assertive.
I think that Tom is too competitive.
I think that Tom is too confident.
I think that Tom is too demanding.
I think that Tom is too lazy to do that.
I think that Tom is too old for Mary.
I think that Tom is too old for me.
I think that Tom is too old to be dating my daughter.
I think that Tom is too outspoken.
I think that Tom is too shy to talk to Mary.
I think that Tom is too shy to talk to you.
I think that Tom is too weak to do that.
I think that Tom is too young to be dating.
I think that Tom is too young to really be in love.
I think that Tom is too young to really understand women.
I think that Tom is too young to retire.
I think that Tom is too young.
I think that Tom is tough.
I think that Tom is trustworthy.
I think that Tom is truthful.
I think that Tom is trying to impress you.
I think that Tom is trying to lose weight.
I think that Tom is trying to say something.
I think that Tom is trying to tell us something.
I think that Tom is trying to trick us.
I think that Tom is trying.
I think that Tom is ugly.
I think that Tom is unafraid.
I think that Tom is unambitious.
I think that Tom is unaware of that.
I think that Tom is unbiased.
I think that Tom is uncomfortable.
I think that Tom is undependable.
I think that Tom is under thirty.
I think that Tom is unemployed.
I think that Tom is unfair.
I think that Tom is unfriendly.
I think that Tom is unhappy.
I think that Tom is unimaginative.
I think that Tom is unintelligent.
I think that Tom is uninteresting.
I think that Tom is unkind.
I think that Tom is unlikeable.
I think that Tom is unlucky.
I think that Tom is unmarried.
I think that Tom is unpleasant.
I think that Tom is unpredictable.
I think that Tom is unprejudiced.
I think that Tom is unreliable.
I think that Tom is unscrupulous.
I think that Tom is unstable.
I think that Tom is untidy.
I think that Tom is untrustworthy.
I think that Tom is up in the attic.
I think that Tom is up to something.
I think that Tom is up.
I think that Tom is upset.
I think that Tom is vain.
I think that Tom is very cool.
I think that Tom is very curious.
I think that Tom is very disorganized.
I think that Tom is very sick.
I think that Tom is very smart.
I think that Tom is waiting for me.
I think that Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
I think that Tom is waiting for you on the porch.
I think that Tom is waiting for you right now.
I think that Tom is watching me.
I think that Tom is weak.
I think that Tom is wealthy.
I think that Tom is weird.
I think that Tom is well.
I think that Tom is willing.
I think that Tom is wise.
I think that Tom is witty.
I think that Tom is working now.
I think that Tom is worried.
I think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom is wrong.
I think that Tom is young.
I think that Tom Jackson and Jack Thompson are the same person.
I think that Tom just lied to me.
I think that Tom just needs a hug.
I think that Tom just wanted more time to think about it.
I think that Tom just wanted more time.
I think that Tom just wants to be alone.
I think that Tom killed himself.
I think that Tom killed Mary.
I think that Tom kind of likes Mary.
I think that Tom kissed Mary for the first time yesterday.
I think that Tom kissed Mary.
I think that Tom knew Mary.
I think that Tom knew.
I think that Tom knows about John and Mary.
I think that Tom knows already.
I think that Tom knows French.
I think that Tom knows he needs to help Mary today.
I think that Tom knows he's supposed to give a speech today.
I think that Tom knows how to do that already.
I think that Tom knows how to do that.
I think that Tom knows how to play this game.
I think that Tom knows Mary.
I think that Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think that Tom knows something the rest of us don't.
I think that Tom knows something.
I think that Tom knows the truth about what happened.
I think that Tom knows things that we don't.
I think that Tom knows what he's doing.
I think that Tom knows what needs to be done.
I think that Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
I think that Tom knows what to do.
I think that Tom knows what's at stake.
I think that Tom knows where Mary lives.
I think that Tom knows who did that.
I think that Tom knows who lives in that house.
I think that Tom knows who shot him.
I think that Tom knows who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom knows why I'm here.
I think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I think that Tom knows why we can't do that for Mary.
I think that Tom knows why we couldn't do that for him.
I think that Tom looks very handsome.
I think that Tom looks ridiculous.
I think that Tom looks really good.
I think that Tom looks like John.
I think that Tom looks like a teacher.
I think that Tom looks incredible.
I think that Tom looks better without a beard.
I think that Tom looks better with a beard.
I think that Tom looks a lot like John.
I think that Tom looked happy.
I think that Tom looked better before he shaved off his beard.
I think that Tom looked better before he shaved his beard off.
I think that Tom wasn't the first one to do that.
I think that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I think that Tom wasn't really listening.
I think that Tom was waiting for Mary to do that.
I think that Tom was unimpressed.
I think that Tom was trying to warn us about something.
I think that Tom was trying to tell us something.
I think that Tom was trying to make something to eat when we came to visit.
I think that Tom was trying to hide something.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what needed to be done.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she should do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she ought to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needs to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she has to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she had to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary she didn't have to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary about what happened.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who wanted to do that.
I think that Tom was the one who told me that.
I think that Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
I think that Tom was the one who stole my wallet.
I think that Tom was the one who did that.
I think that Tom was the one who cut down those trees.
I think that Tom was the last person to do that.
I think that Tom was the last one to do that.
I think that Tom was the first one to do that.
I think that Tom was terrified.
I think that Tom was telling the truth.
I think that Tom was surprised.
I think that Tom was supposed to go to school yesterday.
I think that Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
I think that Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I think that Tom was supposed to be here.
I think that Tom was supposed to be here by now.
I think that Tom was speaking French.
I think that Tom was sick.
I think that Tom was sick all last week.
I think that Tom was pretty exhausted.
I think that Tom was out of line.
I think that Tom was only joking.
I think that Tom was only bluffing.
I think that Tom was misled.
I think that Tom was lying to us.
I think that Tom was lying to me.
I think that Tom was looking for you.
I think that Tom was looking at you.
I think that Tom was lied to.
I think that Tom was just trying to be friendly.
I think that Tom was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I think that Tom was just being sarcastic.
I think that Tom was just amazing.
I think that Tom was joking.
I think that Tom was in some kind of danger.
I think that Tom was in shock.
I think that Tom was in love with Mary.
I think that Tom was impressed.
I think that Tom was hiding something.
I think that Tom was grateful.
I think that Tom was finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom was embarrassed.
I think that Tom was drunk.
I think that Tom was distracted.
I think that Tom was bluffing.
I think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I think that Tom was astonished.
I think that Tom was as surprised as I was.
I think that Tom was a little tired.
I think that Tom said that.
I think that Tom said that once.
I think that Tom said that he'd do that.
I think that Tom said his last name is Jackson.
I think that Tom said he's already read this book.
I think that Tom said he'd be back.
I think that Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I think that Tom really would enjoy it.
I think that Tom really would enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom really wants to win.
I think that Tom really wants to do that.
I think that Tom really wanted to win.
I think that Tom really wanted to do that.
I think that Tom really needs to do that.
I think that Tom really needed to do that.
I think that Tom really loves Mary.
I think that Tom really likes you.
I think that Tom really likes me.
I think that Tom really likes Mary.
I think that Tom really likes it when we visit him.
I think that Tom really is a doctor.
I think that Tom really has to do that.
I think that Tom really had to do that.
I think that Tom really had a good time.
I think that Tom really enjoyed himself.
I think that Tom really doesn't know the answer.
I think that Tom really does love you.
I think that Tom really deserves it.
I think that Tom really believes that.
I think that Tom probably won't know how to do that.
I think that Tom probably loves Mary.
I think that Tom probably likes you a lot.
I think that Tom probably knows about it already.
I think that Tom probably isn't as young as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as rich as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as old as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as good at French as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably isn't as good at doing that as you think he is.
I think that Tom probably has a girlfriend already.
I think that Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
I think that Tom probably already knows the truth.
I think that Tom never leaves early.
I think that Tom never does that.
I think Tom is unsophisticated.
I think that Tom is unsophisticated.
I think that Tom's suggestion is a good one.
I think that Tom's record speaks for itself.
I think that Tom's plan will work.
I think that Tom's number is unlisted.
I think that Tom's luck is about to run out.
I think that Tom's losing his touch.
I think that Tom's leg is much better now.
I think that Tom's leg is broken.
I think that Tom's last name is Jackson.
I think that Tom's interested in me.
I think that Tom's interested in Mary.
I think that Tom's idea is a good one.
I think that Tom's homemade cookies are better than the ones Mary makes.
I think that Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think that Tom's grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think that Tom's French has improved a lot.
I think Tom is doing a good job.
I think that Tom is doing a good job.
I think that Tom's days are numbered.
I think that Tom worries too much.
I think that Tom works the night shift.
I think that Tom works in this office.
I think that Tom works at night.
I think that Tom won the election.
I think that Tom went upstairs.
I think that Tom went to the supermarket yesterday, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom went to Mary's house yesterday.
I think that Tom went to Harvard.
I think that Tom went out last night.
I think that Tom went into the woods to kill himself.
I think that Tom went hunting by himself.
I think that Tom went fishing with Mary.
I think that Tom waited until Mary got there.
I think that Tom used to play golf.
I think that Tom used to own a Japanese car.
I think that Tom used to love me.
I think that Tom used to date Mary.
I think that Tom used to be a soldier.
I think that Tom understood your explanation.
I think that Tom understood that.
I think that Tom understood me.
I think that Tom understands that if he wants my help, all he needs to do is ask for it.
I think that Tom understands all that.
I think that Tom told us the truth.
I think that Tom told the truth.
I think that Tom told me the truth.
I think that Tom told Mary the truth.
I think that Tom told Mary about what we did last summer.
I think that Tom to stay here and wait for Mary.
I think that Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I think that Tom thought Mary liked him.
I think that Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I think that Tom thought he had to do that.
I think that Tom thinks I'm lying to him.
I think that Tom taught French a few years ago.
I think that Tom swears too much.
I think that Tom suspects me.
I think that Tom stole my bicycle.
I think that Tom still wants to do that.
I think that Tom still needs to do that.
I think that Tom still lives on Park Street.
I think that Tom still hasn't left.
I think that Tom still has to do that.
I think that Tom still has a chance.
I think that Tom still believes that.
I think that Tom stayed by at home by himself last Monday.
I think that Tom stayed at his uncle's last summer.
I think that Tom speaks French quite well.
I think that Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
I think that Tom snores louder than Mary.
I think that Tom snores louder than Mary does.
I think that Tom slept here.
I think that Tom slept all afternoon.
I think that Tom shares too much personal information online.
I think that Tom recognized me.
I think that Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary.
I think that Tom plays the bassoon just about as well as Mary does.
I think that Tom played well.
I think that Tom played very well.
I think that Tom paid way too much for that old saxophone.
I think that Tom paid far too much for that old saxophone.
I think that Tom only speaks French.
I think that Tom now understands.
I think that Tom needs your help.
I think that Tom needs to talk to Mary personally.
I think that Tom needs to start hanging out with someone other than Mary.
I think that Tom needs to go.
I think that Tom needs to get more exercise.
I think that Tom needs to do that.
I think that Tom needs to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think that Tom needs to buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom needs to be told that.
I think that Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I think that Tom needs to be told about what happened.
I think that Tom needs to be shown how to do that.
I think that Tom needs stitches.
I think that Tom needs something.
I think that Tom needs medical attention.
I think that Tom needs me.
I think that Tom needs help.
I think that Tom needs a vacation.
I think that Tom needs a ride to the airport.
I think that Tom needs a little help.
I think that Tom needed to do that.
I think that Tom must've done that.
I think that Tom must've done that earlier.
I think that Tom must've been right.
I think that Tom must've agreed to do that.
I think that Tom must be tired.
I think that Tom must be thirsty.
I think that Tom must be right.
I think that Tom must be pretty sleepy by now.
I think that Tom must be hungry.
I think that Tom must be hungry by now.
I think that Tom misses you.
I think that Tom misses Mary.
I think that Tom missed the train.
I think that Tom missed his bus.
I think that Tom means just what he said.
I think that Tom made a mistake.
I think that Tom made a big mistake.
I think that Tom loves me.
I think that Tom loves Mary.
I think that Tom likes you.
I think that Tom likes to play tennis.
I think that Tom likes to do that.
I think that Tom likes playing tennis.
I think that Tom likes me.
I think that Tom likes it.
I think that Tom likes his job.
I think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I think that Tom likes doing that.
I think that Tom likes baseball.
I think that Tom liked it.
I think that Tom lied to us.
I think that Tom lied to Mary.
I think that Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think that Tom lied about how he did that.
I think that Tom left.
I think that Tom left early.
I think that Tom knows.
I think that Tom knows why.
I think that Tom may win.
I think that Tom may want to do that.
I think that Tom may wait for us.
I think that Tom may speak French.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that today.
I think that Tom may not be able to do that for us.
I think that Tom may have gotten lost.
I think that Tom may have fallen into the well.
I think that Tom may have done this.
I think that Tom may have been the one who did this.
I think that Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom may do that.
I think that Tom may cry.
I think that Tom may be telling the truth.
I think that Tom may be sick.
I think that Tom may be right this time.
I think that Tom may be mentally ill.
I think that Tom may be hurt.
I think that Tom may be dead.
I think that Tom may be able to do that.
I think that Tom may be able to do that today.
I think that Tom may be able to do that if you help him.
I think that Tom may be able to do that for us.
I think that Tom may be able to do that for Mary.
I think that Tom may be able to buy the kind of shoes he's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I think that Tom may be a genius.
I think that Tom may agree to do that.
I think that Tom might've taken something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom might've said something he shouldn't have.
I think that Tom might've gotten lost.
I think that Tom might've done this.
I think that Tom might've been the one who did this.
I think that Tom might've been offended by that.
I think that Tom might win.
I think that Tom might want to go bowling with us.
I think that Tom might want to do that.
I think that Tom might want to do that today.
I think that Tom might wait a little longer.
I think that Tom might recognize Mary, even though it's been a long time since he's seen her.
I think that Tom might not win.
I think that Tom might not want to do that.
I think that Tom might not want to do that by himself.
I think that Tom might not wait for me.
I think that Tom might not do that.
I think that Tom might not be able to do that.
I think that Tom might not agree to do that.
I think that Tom might like that.
I think that Tom might lie to you.
I think that Tom might leave on Monday.
I think that Tom might know something.
I think that Tom might have run away.
I think that Tom might have poisoned himself.
I think that Tom might have fallen asleep at my party last night.
I think that Tom might have cheated on the test.
I think that Tom might have a drinking problem.
I think that Tom might get punished if he does that.
I think that Tom might get killed if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get injured if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get in trouble if he does that.
I think that Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom might get fired.
I think that Tom might finally have a good idea.
I think that Tom might feel the same way you do.
I think that Tom might do that.
I think that Tom might do that by himself.
I think that Tom might cry.
I think that Tom might be tired.
I think that Tom might be telling the truth.
I think that Tom might be sympathetic.
I think that Tom might be swimming now.
I think that Tom might be sleepy.
I think that Tom might be sick.
I think that Tom might be seeing someone.
I think that Tom might be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom might be older than me.
I think that Tom might be nervous.
I think that Tom might be mad at me.
I think that Tom might be lying.
I think that Tom might be lost.
I think that Tom might be just a little too picky.
I think that Tom might be jealous.
I think that Tom might be involved in what happened.
I think that Tom might be hungry.
I think that Tom might be drunk.
I think that Tom might be displeased.
I think that Tom might be dead.
I think that Tom might be curious about that.
I think that Tom might be busy.
I think that Tom might be busy now.
I think that Tom might be back soon.
I think that Tom might be at school.
I think that Tom might be allergic to eggs.
I think that Tom might be able to win.
I think that Tom might be able to do that.
I think that Tom might be a little nervous.
I think that Tom might agree to do that.
I think that Tom might actually want someone to kill him.
I think that Tom wants you to do that.
I think that Tom wants to stay.
I think that Tom wants to sell us something.
I think that Tom wants to see you.
I think that Tom wants to kill himself.
I think that Tom wants to go to bed.
I think that Tom wants to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I think that Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom wants to come with us.
I think that Tom wants something to write with.
I think that Tom wants something to write on.
I think that Tom wants something to eat.
I think that Tom wants our help.
I think that Tom wants more.
I think that Tom wants me to go with Mary.
I think that Tom wants me to go with him.
I think that Tom wants me to do that.
I think that Tom wants me to do that with him.
I think that Tom wants me to do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom wants Mary's job.
I think that Tom wanted to kill us both.
I think that Tom wanted to do that.
I think that Tom wanted to do that even more than you did.
I think that Tom wanted my help.
I think that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't wait that long for you.
I think that Tom wouldn't understand that.
I think that Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't still be awake at this time of night.
I think that Tom wouldn't regret doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't mind.
I think that Tom wouldn't likely to still be awake this late at night.
I think that Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
I think that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
I think that Tom wouldn't enjoy this movie.
I think that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be willing to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be upset by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be truthful.
I think that Tom wouldn't be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be sympathetic.
I think that Tom wouldn't be suspicious.
I think that Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I think that Tom wouldn't be so grumpy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be so grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be scared.
I think that Tom wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be ready if you got there before 2:30.
I think that Tom wouldn't be pleased by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be nervous at a time like this.
I think that Tom wouldn't be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be lonely if Mary were here.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested in something like that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be impressed.
I think that Tom wouldn't be impressed by that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be here if he didn't think he could help us.
I think that Tom wouldn't be happy if you did that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be happy here.
I think that Tom wouldn't be grouchy all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if he weren't so young.
I think that Tom wouldn't be exhausted all the time if he'd get more sleep.
I think that Tom wouldn't be enthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be discouraged by these results.
I think that Tom wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it better.
I think that Tom wouldn't be bored by something like that.
I think that Tom wouldn't be better at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom wouldn't be as frightened as Mary would be.
I think that Tom wouldn't be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom wouldn't be absent if he knew how important this meeting was.
I think that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom wouldn't actually eat that.
I think that Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
I think that Tom would've noticed if anything were missing.
I think that Tom would've liked to be here today.
I think that Tom would've liked that.
I think that Tom would've killed me.
I think that Tom would've helped us if he'd been there.
I think that Tom would've helped us if he'd been here.
I think that Tom would've enjoyed tonight's concert.
I think that Tom would've done the same thing.
I think that Tom would've done that.
I think that Tom would've disagreed.
I think that Tom would've come if you'd invited him.
I think that Tom would've been here today if he'd known Mary was going to b here.
I think that Tom would want to do that.
I think that Tom would try to do that.
I think that Tom would tell the truth.
I think that Tom would say yes.
I think that Tom would regret doing that.
I think that Tom would refuse to do that.
I think that Tom would rather be spending time with someone else.
I think that Tom would rather be playing tennis.
I think that Tom would rather be doing something else.
I think that Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think that Tom would probably be happy to do that for you.
I think that Tom would probably be happy to buy that for you.
I think that Tom would need to do that.
I think that Tom would make a good teacher.
I think that Tom would love that.
I think that Tom would listen to you.
I think that Tom would likely do that for you if you asked him politely.
I think that Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
I think that Tom would like you to do that for him.
I think that Tom would like to retire.
I think that Tom would like to quit his job.
I think that Tom would like to know what you're doing.
I think that Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I think that Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
I think that Tom would like to hear about this.
I think that Tom would like to do that.
I think that Tom would like to do that again.
I think that Tom would like to be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom would like to be ready when that happens.
I think that Tom would like to be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom would like to be outside playing with the other children.
I think that Tom would like to be finished doing that before Monday evening.
I think that Tom would like to be cooperative.
I think that Tom would like to be at home.
I think that Tom would like to be alone.
I think that Tom would like to be afraid.
I think that Tom would like to be able to speak French.
I think that Tom would like the way you decorated this room.
I think that Tom would like that.
I think that Tom would like nothing better than to do that.
I think that Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
I think that Tom would like Mary to do that for him.
I think that Tom would like doing that.
I think that Tom would leave if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would know the answer to that question.
I think that Tom would have to do that.
I think that Tom would have liked that.
I think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I think that Tom would hate to do that.
I think that Tom would get here early if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would get bored if you showed him all your photos.
I think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom would do that.
I think that Tom would do that if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would do that for you if you asked him to.
I think that Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
I think that Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
I think that Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
I think that Tom would disagree.
I think that Tom would be worried if Mary didn't get home by 2:in the morning.
I think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I think that Tom would be unimpressed.
I think that Tom would be unenthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom would be undependable.
I think that Tom would be truthful.
I think that Tom would be terrified.
I think that Tom would be sympathetic.
I think that Tom would be suspicious.
I think that Tom would be surprised.
I think that Tom would be surprised if that happened.
I think that Tom would be skeptical.
I think that Tom would be scared.
I think that Tom would be safe if he stayed here.
I think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom would be reasonable.
I think that Tom would be quicker at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be prepared.
I think that Tom would be pleased.
I think that Tom would be objective.
I think that Tom would be nervous.
I think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom would be miserable here.
I think that Tom would be mad if you did that.
I think that Tom would be lonely if he went camping by himself.
I think that Tom would be jealous.
I think that Tom would be interested.
I think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom would be impressed.
I think that Tom would be impressed by this painting.
I think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom would be happy to do that.
I think that Tom would be happy if you did that.
I think that Tom would be happier if he did that.
I think that Tom would be glad if that happened.
I think that Tom would be frightened.
I think that Tom would be forgiven if he did that.
I think that Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I think that Tom would be faster at doing that than Mary.
I think that Tom would be fascinated by that.
I think that Tom would be fair.
I think that Tom would be excused from doing that.
I think that Tom would be embarrassed if that happened.
I think that Tom would be embarrassed if he did something like that.
I think that Tom would be doing that, too, if he knew how.
I think that Tom would be doing that now if he knew how.
I think that Tom would be displeased.
I think that Tom would be discouraged.
I think that Tom would be curious.
I think that Tom would be cooperative.
I think that Tom would be confused if you explain it to him that way.
I think that Tom would be biased.
I think that Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
I think that Tom would be annoyed if you did that.
I think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
I think that Tom would be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I think that Tom would be afraid of your dog.
I think that Tom would be able to do that.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really wanted to.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
I think that Tom would be a good name.
I think that Tom would be a good name for our son.
I think that Tom would agree with me.
I think that Tom would agree to do that.
I think that Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
I think that Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
I think that Tom couldn't have done that without Mary.
I think that Tom could've stopped Mary from doing that.
I think that Tom could've solved that problem by himself.
I think that Tom could've refused to do that.
I think that Tom could've gotten home by himself.
I think that Tom could've done that.
I think that Tom could've done that without your help.
I think that Tom could've done that without my help.
I think that Tom could've done that without Mary's help.
I think that Tom could've done that on his own.
I think that Tom could've done that for Mary if he'd wanted to.
I think that Tom could've done that faster by himself.
I think that Tom could've done that by himself.
I think that Tom could've done that better.
I think that Tom could've been tempted to do that.
I think that Tom could've been reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom could've been offended by that.
I think that Tom could've been a teacher.
I think that Tom could tell you who did that.
I think that Tom could teach you how to drive.
I think that Tom could teach you how to do that.
I think that Tom could teach you French.
I think that Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I think that Tom could teach Mary how to do that.
I think that Tom could talk Mary out of doing that.
I think that Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I think that Tom could stop Mary from doing that.
I think that Tom could still do that better.
I think that Tom could sing at your wedding.
I think that Tom could save himself a lot of time by just doing that himself.
I think that Tom could probably talk Mary out of doing that.
I think that Tom could probably talk Mary into doing that.
I think that Tom could probably do that.
I think that Tom could pass for a teenager.
I think that Tom could manage to do that.
I think that Tom could make Mary do that.
I think that Tom could make a difference.
I think that Tom could leave today if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think that Tom could help.
I think that Tom could help you.
I think that Tom could help me.
I think that Tom could help Mary if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I think that Tom could get Mary to help you.
I think that Tom could get Mary to eat that.
I think that Tom could get Mary to do that.
I think that Tom could get injured if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom could get injured if he tried to do that.
I think that Tom could get hurt if he tries to do that.
I think that Tom could force you to do that.
I think that Tom could fix this.
I think that Tom could end up being fired.
I think that Tom could end up being arrested.
I think that Tom could easily have done that.
I think that Tom could do that.
I think that Tom could do that today.
I think that Tom could do that today if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that now.
I think that Tom could do that if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that if he tried.
I think that Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I think that Tom could do that if he put his mind to it.
I think that Tom could do that if he needed to.
I think that Tom could do that for Mary.
I think that Tom could do that for Mary if he wanted to.
I think that Tom could do that by himself if he tried.
I think that Tom could do better.
I think that Tom could do better if he tried harder.
I think that Tom could do a lot of things for us.
I think that Tom could do a better job.
I think that Tom could convince Mary to do that.
I think that Tom could convince Mary not to do that.
I think that Tom could be the boss if he wanted to be.
I think that Tom could be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom could be swimming right now.
I think that Tom could be sick.
I think that Tom could be right.
I think that Tom could be ready by the time you get here.
I think that Tom could be persuaded to help.
I think that Tom could be just the person we need.
I think that Tom could be impartial.
I think that Tom could be happy here if he tried to be.
I think that Tom could be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom could be eating right now.
I think that Tom could be doing that right now.
I think that Tom could be back tomorrow.
I think that Tom could be a very rich man soon.
I think that Tom could be a teacher if he wanted to be.
I think that Tom could actually win.
I think that Tom could actually do that.
I think that Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
I think that Tom ought to wait until at least 2:before he leaves.
I think that Tom ought to do that.
I think that Tom ought to do that outside.
I think that Tom ought to buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom can't win.
I think that Tom can't understand French.
I think that Tom can't speak French.
I think that Tom can't leave until Mary gives him some money.
I think that Tom can't do that.
I think that Tom can't actually do that.
There are doubts as to whether or not Tom will be able to participate in the next Olympics.
I think that Tom can't actually do that even though he says he can.
I think that Tom can win.
I think that Tom can understand French.
I think that Tom can understand French fairly well.
I think that Tom can take care of himself.
I think that Tom can swim better than Mary.
I think that Tom can swim better than Mary can.
I think that Tom can speak French. I could be wrong, though.
I think that Tom can speak French. However, I could be wrong.
I think that Tom can speak French.
I think that Tom can speak French, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom can sing country music better than anyone else I know.
I think that Tom can probably swim faster that than Mary.
I think that Tom can probably swim faster that than Mary can.
I think that Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary.
I think that Tom can probably do that faster that than Mary can.
I think that Tom can help.
I think that Tom can help you.
I think that Tom can help us.
I think that Tom can help us next week.
I think that Tom can help us do that.
I think that Tom can help us do that next week.
I think that Tom can help me with my problem.
I think that Tom can help Mary.
I think that Tom can help Mary tomorrow.
I think that Tom can help Mary do that.
I think that Tom can help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom can handle it.
I think that Tom can do that without my help.
I think that Tom can do that today.
I think that Tom can do that if he tries.
I think that Tom can do that by himself.
I think that Tom can do that better than Mary.
I think that Tom can do that better than Mary can.
I think that Tom can do it if he tries.
I think that Tom can do a fine job.
I think that Tom can be trusted.
I think that Tom can be beaten.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary that he did that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary how he did that.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
I think that Tom shouldn't stay at home tomorrow.
I think that Tom shouldn't have done that.
I think that Tom shouldn't do that.
I think that Tom shouldn't agree to do that.
I think that Tom should've let Mary do that.
I think that Tom should've left early.
I think that Tom should've left earlier.
I think that Tom should've done that.
I think that Tom should've been more discreet.
I think that Tom should've asked Mary to help him do that.
I think that Tom should wear a tie to the party.
I think that Tom should wait until we get there to do that.
I think that Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
I think that Tom should tell Mary to leave him alone.
I think that Tom should tell Mary to do that.
I think that Tom should tell Mary that he can't really speak French.
I think that Tom should talk to Mary.
I think that Tom should study harder.
I think that Tom should stay here.
I think that Tom should stay here with us.
I think that Tom should stay away.
I think that Tom should sell his house.
I think that Tom should see this.
I think that Tom should resign.
I think that Tom should remain here.
I think that Tom should lose some weight.
I think that Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning to do.
I think that Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning on doing.
I think that Tom should learn to speak French.
I think that Tom should help us.
I think that Tom should go.
I think that Tom should go on a diet.
I think that Tom should go home.
I think that Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think that Tom should give Mary a second chance.
I think that Tom should get some new clothes.
I think that Tom should get married.
I think that Tom should get an award.
I think that Tom should eat more.
I think that Tom should do what he says he's going to do.
I think that Tom should do that somewhere else.
I think that Tom should do that outside.
I think that Tom should do that himself.
I think that Tom should do that by himself.
I think that Tom should do it.
I think that Tom should buy some new clothes.
I think that Tom should be warned.
I think that Tom should be punished.
I think that Tom should be more patient.
I think that Tom should be more discreet.
I think that Tom should be home with his children.
I think that Tom should be fired.
I think that Tom should be able to do that.
I think that Tom should be able to do that without any help.
I think that Tom should be able to do that by himself.
I think that Tom should ask for his money back.
I think that Tom won't wait much longer.
I think that Tom won't stop doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't stop crying anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't resign.
I think that Tom won't mind if we're a little late.
I think that Tom won't make me do that.
I think that Tom won't lie to us anymore.
I think that Tom won't go.
I think that Tom won't forget that.
I think that Tom won't fail the examination.
I think that Tom won't do that today.
I think that Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't do that anymore.
I think that Tom won't do that again.
I think that Tom won't cry.
I think that Tom won't come.
I think that Tom won't come to our party.
I think that Tom won't be worried.
I think that Tom won't be through doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom won't be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom won't be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom won't be surprised.
I think that Tom won't be scared.
I think that Tom won't be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom won't be ready.
I think that Tom won't be ready to do that.
I think that Tom won't be punctual.
I think that Tom won't be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom won't be nervous.
I think that Tom won't be nervous doing that.
I think that Tom won't be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom won't be lonely.
I think that Tom won't be late.
I think that Tom won't be last.
I think that Tom won't be jealous.
I think that Tom won't be interested.
I think that Tom won't be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom won't be interested in buying any of these books.
I think that Tom won't be in his office this afternoon.
I think that Tom won't be impressed.
I think that Tom won't be home on Monday.
I think that Tom won't be home at this time of day.
I think that Tom won't be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom won't be here until much later.
I think that Tom won't be here today.
I think that Tom won't be here much longer.
I think that Tom won't be gone by the time we get there.
I think that Tom won't be frightened by that.
I think that Tom won't be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom won't be embarrassed.
I think that Tom won't be early.
I think that Tom won't be doing that.
I think that Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
I think that Tom won't be doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom won't be difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom won't be cooperative.
I think that Tom won't be cold.
I think that Tom won't be busy this evening.
I think that Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
I think that Tom won't be back soon.
I think that Tom won't be awake when I get home.
I think that Tom won't be awake now.
I think that Tom won't be at home tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
I think that Tom won't be as angry as you think he'll be.
I think that Tom won't be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom won't be alone.
I think that Tom won't be afraid.
I think that Tom won't be absent.
I think that Tom won't be able to win.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that without some help.
I think that Tom won't be able to do that very well.
I think that Tom won't be able to catch up with Mary.
I think that Tom won't agree to do that.
I think that Tom won't accomplish anything.
I think that Tom will win the race.
I think that Tom will want to talk to Mary about that.
I think that Tom will want to sit down.
I think that Tom will want to see this.
I think that Tom will wait.
I think that Tom will wait until at least 2:30.
I think that Tom will wait for you.
I think that Tom will very likely win.
I think that Tom will very likely not be here tomorrow.
I think that Tom will very likely do that.
I think that Tom will very likely be at today's meeting.
I think that Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think that Tom will tell you.
I think that Tom will swim.
I think that Tom will stay.
I think that Tom will stay away.
I think that Tom will return soon.
I think that Tom will resign.
I think that Tom will propose to you tonight.
I think that Tom will propose to me.
I think that Tom will probably win.
I think that Tom will probably remember you.
I think that Tom will probably like this movie.
I think that Tom will probably leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom will probably know how to do that.
I think that Tom will probably do that.
I think that Tom will probably do that later.
I think that Tom will probably cry.
I think that Tom will probably be there tonight.
I think that Tom will probably be late.
I think that Tom will probably be home on Monday.
I think that Tom will probably be able to do that.
I think that Tom will permit us to do that.
I think that Tom will never do what we requested.
I think that Tom will never do that again.
I think that Tom will never become famous.
I think that Tom will love this book.
I think that Tom will love it.
I think that Tom will listen to me.
I think that Tom will likely win.
I think that Tom will likely not know how to do that.
I think that Tom will likely like this movie.
I think that Tom will likely leave tomorrow.
I think that Tom will likely know how to do that.
I think that Tom will likely give you permission to do that.
I think that Tom will likely do that.
I think that Tom will likely do that later.
I think that Tom will likely be there tonight.
I think that Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I think that Tom will likely be able to do that.
I think that Tom will like this.
I think that Tom will like this wine.
I think that Tom will like this game.
I think that Tom will like the presents you bought for him.
I think that Tom will like the present you bought for him.
I think that Tom will like that.
I think that Tom will like it here.
I think that Tom will let us win.
I think that Tom will let us do that.
I think that Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
I think that Tom will late.
I think that Tom will help us.
I think that Tom will help me do that.
I think that Tom will have a hard time doing that.
I think that Tom will go there tomorrow.
I think that Tom will give you permission to do that.
I think that Tom will get home at about 2:30.
I think that Tom will get here soon.
I think that Tom will get fired.
I think that Tom will follow your advice.
I think that Tom will fail his driving test.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do that.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and let somebody else do that.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
I think that Tom will enjoy this.
I think that Tom will enjoy doing that.
I think that Tom will eat later.
I think that Tom will drive me to the airport.
I think that Tom will do what's right.
I think that Tom will do well.
I think that Tom will do the same thing he did yesterday.
I think that Tom will do that. Mary thinks so, too.
I think that Tom will do that, too.
I think that Tom will do that, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom will do that today.
I think that Tom will do that soon.
I think that Tom will do that later.
I think that Tom will do that for us.
I think that Tom will do that for me.
I think that Tom will do that for Mary.
I think that Tom will do that at about 2:30.
I think that Tom will do that as well.
I think that Tom will do that again.
I think that Tom will do something drastic.
I think that Tom will do OK.
I think that Tom will do his best.
I think that Tom will do great.
I think that Tom will do as he's told.
I think that Tom will do a very good job.
I think that Tom will confess.
I think that Tom will come, but it's hard to say for sure.
I think that Tom will come, but I'm not sure.
I think that Tom will come back.
I think that Tom will come again.
I think that Tom will call you.
I think that Tom will be worried.
I think that Tom will be well prepared.
I think that Tom will be upset.
I think that Tom will be unimpressed.
I think that Tom will be unenthusiastic about that.
I think that Tom will be truthful.
I think that Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be through doing that by now.
I think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I think that Tom will be the last one to do that.
I think that Tom will be the first one to do that.
I think that Tom will be tempted to do that.
I think that Tom will be sympathetic.
I think that Tom will be suspicious.
I think that Tom will be surprised.
I think that Tom will be surprised when that happens.
I think that Tom will be surprised if that happens.
I think that Tom will be stubborn.
I think that Tom will be scared.
I think that Tom will be reluctant to do that.
I think that Tom will be reasonable.
I think that Tom will be ready.
I think that Tom will be punctual.
I think that Tom will be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom will be present at today's meeting.
I think that Tom will be on the same plane as me.
I think that Tom will be OK.
I think that Tom will be obedient.
I think that Tom will be nervous.
I think that Tom will be nervous doing that.
I think that Tom will be motivated to do that.
I think that Tom will be lonely.
I think that Tom will be late.
I think that Tom will be last.
I think that Tom will be jealous.
I think that Tom will be interested.
I think that Tom will be interested in doing that.
I think that Tom will be in his office on Monday.
I think that Tom will be impressed.
I think that Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I think that Tom will be here tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be here on Monday.
I think that Tom will be here later.
I think that Tom will be here by 2:30.
I think that Tom will be here before long.
I think that Tom will be heartbroken.
I think that Tom will be happy with the results.
I think that Tom will be happy to see you.
I think that Tom will be gone by the time we get there.
I think that Tom will be glad that that's going to happen.
I think that Tom will be furious.
I think that Tom will be frightened.
I think that Tom will be forgiven for doing that.
I think that Tom will be first.
I think that Tom will be finished doing that by 2:30.
I think that Tom will be fine.
I think that Tom will be exhausted when he gets home.
I think that Tom will be embarrassed if that happens.
I think that Tom will be early.
I think that Tom will be drunk by the time we get there.
I think that Tom will be doing that.
I think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
I think that Tom will be doing that this afternoon.
I think that Tom will be doing that soon.
I think that Tom will be doing that on Monday.
I think that Tom will be doing that by himself.
I think that Tom will be doing that again.
I think that Tom will be doing that again today.
I think that Tom will be displeased.
I think that Tom will be discouraged.
I know Tom is content.
Please, make a contribution.
I hope for your help.
I think that Tom will be difficult to get along with.
I think that Tom will be desperate to do that.
I think that Tom will be cooperative.
I think that Tom will be confused.
I think that Tom will be coming later.
I think that Tom will be coming back next week.
I think that Tom will be cold.
I think that Tom will be careless.
I think that Tom will be careful.
I think that Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I think that Tom will be bored.
I think that Tom will be back.
I think that Tom will be back soon.
I think that Tom will be awake by the time breakfast is served.
I think that Tom will be at home tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be angry.
I think that Tom will be amused by what's going on.
I think that Tom will be alone.
I think that Tom will be all right.
I think that Tom will be afraid.
I think that Tom will be absent.
I think that Tom will be able to win.
I think that Tom will be able to win tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to solve the problem.
I think that Tom will be able to help.
I think that Tom will be able to help us.
I think that Tom will be able to help us next week.
I think that Tom will be able to help us figure this out.
I think that Tom will be able to help us do that.
I think that Tom will be able to help us do that next week.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary do that.
I think that Tom will be able to help Mary do that tomorrow.
I think that Tom will be able to figure out how do that.
I think that Tom will be able to figure out a way to do that.
I think that Tom will be able to do that.
I think that Tom will be able to do that without our help.
I think that Tom will be able to do that today.
I think that Tom will be able to do that sooner or later.
I think that Tom will be able to do that if he tries.
I think that Tom will be able to do that eventually.
I think that Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I think that Tom will be able to buy a pair of ice skates his size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think that Tom will be a finalist.
I think that Tom will ask you to marry him.
I think that Tom will ask Mary to do that for John.
I think that Tom will always love Mary.
I think that Tom will allow us to do that.
I think that Tom will agree.
I think that Tom isn't very happy.
I think that Tom isn't the right man for the job.
I think that Tom isn't the first one to do that.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary wants to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary needs to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what Mary has to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what he needs to do.
I think that Tom isn't sure that's what he has to do.
I think that Tom isn't serious.
I think that Tom isn't right.
I think that Tom isn't home.
I think that Tom isn't going to win.
I think that Tom isn't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to stop crying anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to resign.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that, either.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that today.
I think that Tom isn't going to do that anytime soon.
I think that Tom isn't going to be here today.
I think that Tom isn't going to be busy this afternoon.
I think that Tom isn't doing that now.
I think that Tom isn't dependable.
I think that Tom isn't a very good singer.
Please don't tell Tom I'm here.
Please don't tell Tom that I'm here.
I didn't even know that Tom could speak French.
I always thought that you and Tom were married.
Tom saved every letter Mary sent him.
Tom wants to spend more time with his kids.
Tom wants to spend more time with his children.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has already gone home.
Tom knows that getting angry won't do any good.
Tom looked through the window that was in the door.
Tom suggested we help you pull weeds.
I could've done that better than Tom.
Tom could be in prison a long time.
Tom could be in prison for a long time.
Tom claims he was born in 2013.
Tom claims that he was born in 2013.
I thought that you'd want to go to the concert with us.
I thought that you'd want to do that.
I thought that you'd understand.
I thought that you'd say that.
I thought that you'd never come here.
I thought that you'd miss your train.
I thought that you'd find it interesting.
I thought that you'd end up married to Tom.
I thought that you'd come.
I thought that you'd be there last night.
I thought that you'd be late.
I thought that you'd be here.
I knew that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
I knew that Tom and Mary were married.
I knew that Tom could do it.
I knew that Tom couldn't dance.
I knew that Tom couldn't have done this by himself.
I knew that Tom couldn't understand French.
I knew that Tom couldn't wait much longer.
I knew that Tom did that.
I knew that Tom didn't care about Mary.
I knew that Tom didn't do it.
I knew that Tom didn't do that.
I knew that Tom didn't have enough money to buy the car he wanted.
I knew that Tom didn't know French.
I knew that Tom didn't like me.
I knew that Tom didn't want to do that, but I wanted him to do it anyway.
I knew that Tom didn't win.
I knew that Tom had a girlfriend.
I knew that Tom had done it.
I knew that Tom had something to do with it.
I knew that Tom knew something.
I knew that Tom lied to me.
I knew that Tom meant no harm.
I knew that Tom might be allowed to do that.
I knew that Tom might be required to do that.
I knew that Tom might be right about that.
I knew that Tom might have to do that today.
I knew that Tom might have to do that.
I knew that Tom might need to do that today.
I knew that Tom might need to do that.
I knew that Tom might not have to do that.
I knew that Tom might not need to do that.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that again.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that anymore.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that.
I knew that Tom might want to do that today.
I knew that Tom might want to do that.
I knew that Tom spent time over at Mary's.
I knew that Tom spoke a little French.
I knew that Tom used to live in Boston.
I knew that Tom wasn't very good at playing the flute.
I knew that Tom was a Canadian.
I knew that Tom was bluffing.
I knew that Tom was busy.
I knew that Tom was coming back.
I knew that Tom was coming.
I knew that Tom was cruel.
I knew that Tom was dead.
I knew that Tom was different.
I knew that Tom was expecting us.
I knew that Tom was going to be arrested sooner or later.
I knew that Tom was going to cry.
I knew that Tom was going to do that.
I knew that Tom was going to wait for Mary.
I knew that Tom was going to win.
I knew that Tom was good.
I knew that Tom was guilty.
I knew that Tom was here.
I knew that Tom was holding out on me.
I knew that Tom was into that stuff.
I knew that Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew that Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
I knew that Tom was married.
I knew that Tom was no good.
I knew that Tom was planning on doing that.
I knew that Tom was planning to do that.
I knew that Tom was shy.
I knew that Tom was studying.
I knew that Tom was telling the truth.
I knew that Tom was the one who did it.
I knew that Tom was up to some foolishness.
I knew that Tom was up to something.
I knew that Tom was waiting for Mary.
I knew that Tom was wrong about Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't a good student.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very good cook.
I knew that Tom wasn't as old as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't as rich as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't as smart as Mary.
I knew that Tom wasn't dead.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that without our help.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be busy today.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to be here.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to Boston.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to change.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to confess.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to hurt me.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to like it.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to listen.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to lose.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to make it.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to mind.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to object.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to prison.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to resign.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to say no.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to see me.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to sing.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to stay.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to stop.
I knew that Tom wasn't going to win.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at cooking.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at driving.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at French.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at lying.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at sports.
I knew that Tom wasn't happy about this.
I knew that Tom wasn't happy.
I knew that Tom wasn't in Boston.
I knew that Tom wasn't in love with me.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to lose.
I knew that Tom wasn't likely to win.
I knew that Tom wasn't married anymore.
I knew that Tom wasn't Mary's brother.
I knew that Tom wasn't Mary's husband.
I knew that Tom wasn't planning on doing that.
I knew that Tom wasn't planning to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't quite ready to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to do that.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to leave.
I knew that Tom wasn't ready to quit.
I knew that Tom wasn't really an expert.
I knew that Tom wasn't related to me.
I knew that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I knew that Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I knew that Tom wasn't very artistic.
I knew that Tom wasn't very athletic.
I knew that Tom wasn't very creative.
I knew that Tom wasn't very reliable.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that well.
I knew that Tom went to this school.
I knew that Tom would accept my invitation.
I knew that Tom would accept our offer.
I knew that Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom would ask Mary to eat dinner with him.
I knew that Tom would ask that.
I knew that Tom would ask.
I knew that Tom would back out.
I knew that Tom would be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would be annoyed.
I knew that Tom would be arrested sooner or later.
I knew that Tom would be awake.
I knew that Tom would be back.
I knew that Tom would be busy.
I knew that Tom would be caught.
I knew that Tom would be confused by your explanation.
I knew that Tom would be heartbroken.
I knew that Tom would be here.
I knew that Tom would be late.
I knew that Tom would be shocked.
I knew that Tom would be the winner.
I knew that Tom would be there.
I knew that Tom would be thirsty.
I knew that Tom would be too tired to help.
I knew that Tom would be unhappy with the results.
I knew that Tom would busy today.
I knew that Tom would come back.
I knew that Tom would cry.
I knew that Tom would do it properly.
I knew that Tom would do something romantic.
I knew that Tom would do something stupid.
I knew that Tom would do that sooner or later.
I knew that Tom would do what we asked him to do.
I knew that Tom would do what we asked.
I knew that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom would enjoy the party.
I knew that Tom would eventually leave.
I knew that Tom would fail his French test.
I knew that Tom would forgive me.
I knew that Tom would get better.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
I knew that Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
I knew that Tom would go home early today.
I knew that Tom would go there.
I knew that Tom would go to the dance with Mary.
I knew that Tom would go.
I knew that Tom would guess the answer.
I knew that Tom would have a great time.
I knew that Tom would have enough money.
I knew that Tom would have enough time.
I knew that Tom would have fun doing that.
I knew that Tom would have to do that.
I knew that Tom would have to stay in Boston longer than he had planned to.
I knew that Tom would kiss you.
I knew that Tom would leave early.
I knew that Tom would leave eventually.
I knew that Tom would lie to us about that.
I knew that Tom would like doing that.
I knew that Tom would like it here.
I knew that Tom would like Mary.
I knew that Tom would like the party.
I knew that Tom would likely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely do that.
I knew that Tom would likely have to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely need to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not be able to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely not want to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom would likely want to do that.
I knew that Tom would lose.
I knew that Tom would love the gift you gave him.
I knew that Tom would need to do that.
I knew that Tom would pass the exam.
I knew that Tom would refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom would say no.
I knew that Tom would say something stupid.
I knew that Tom would show Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom would show me how to do that.
I knew that Tom would show up eventually.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that.
I knew that Tom would sing that song.
I knew that Tom would stop Mary.
I knew that Tom would tell Mary how to do that.
I knew that Tom would tell me how to do that.
I knew that Tom would tell you how to do that.
I knew that Tom would try to convince Mary not to go.
I knew that Tom would try to talk Mary out of going.
I knew that Tom would unlikely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom would wait for us.
I knew that Tom would want to do that.
I knew that Tom would want to go home early today.
I knew that Tom would want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew that Tom would want to go with us.
I knew that Tom would want to sing.
I knew that Tom wouldn't accept my invitation.
I knew that Tom wouldn't accept our offer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't ask Mary to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't back down.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find his passport.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the box open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the jar open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to keep Mary from doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to learn enough French in just three weeks.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be afraid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be awake.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be back.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be busy.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be here.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be late.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be shocked.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be so busy today.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be surprised.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be the winner.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be there.
I knew that Tom wouldn't buy that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't come back.
I knew that Tom wouldn't confess.
I knew that Tom wouldn't cry.
I knew that Tom wouldn't dance.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do anything stupid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do anything.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do it properly.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do what we asked.
I knew that Tom wouldn't eat that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't fail his French test.
I knew that Tom wouldn't forgive me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get caught.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get the job he wanted.
I knew that Tom wouldn't get the safe open.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go home early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go there if you didn't go with him.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go to the dance with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't go.
I knew that Tom wouldn't guess the answer.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have a good time.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have enough money.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have enough time.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have fun doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have the courage to quit.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't have to stay in Boston all week.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help Mary do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't hurt me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew that Tom wouldn't leave early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't leave without me.
I knew that Tom wouldn't let Mary go home early.
I knew that Tom wouldn't lie to us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like it here.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like the party.
I knew that Tom wouldn't like the way Mary danced.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely agree to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely be able to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't likely have to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't lose.
I knew that Tom wouldn't make Mary do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't need to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't pass the exam.
I knew that Tom wouldn't pass the examination.
I knew that Tom wouldn't refuse to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say anything else.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say anything stupid.
I knew that Tom wouldn't say no.
I knew that Tom wouldn't sing that song.
I knew that Tom wouldn't sing.
I knew that Tom wouldn't suspect anything.
I knew that Tom wouldn't take his hat off.
I knew that Tom wouldn't try to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't wait for Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want me to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to do that by himself.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't want to sing.
I know that Tom and I can take care of ourselves if we try.
I know that Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I know that Tom and Mary are both rich.
I know that Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I know that Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I know that Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary both have to leave soon.
I know that Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I know that Tom and Mary both have to leave.
I know that Tom and Mary broke up.
I know that Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both done that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I know that Tom and Mary used to be friends.
I know that Tom and Mary used to be good friends.
I know that Tom and Mary want to get married.
I know that Tom and Mary were more than just friends.
I know that Tom appreciates it.
I know that Tom came to Boston last week.
I know that Tom can handle Mary.
I know that Tom can hardly wait.
I know that Tom can't come to Boston, but I wish he would.
I know that Tom can't do that very well.
