The castle is for sale.
The castle is for sale for million euros.
They do not know where they're going to.
Tom walked on the treadmill for an hour.
Tom cuts Mary's hair.
Tom buys a pound of coleslaw every day.
Tom teaches yoga to Mary.
The fish was not fresh.
Flaxseed is one of the healthiest foods on earth.
Do you like yoga?
Tom is trying to sell his old car.
Tom would've done that by now if he'd known how to.
Tom is with someone, isn't he?
Tom is with somebody, isn't he?
Tom is dating someone, isn't he?
Tom is dating somebody, isn't he?
Tom is kind to everyone, isn't he?
Tom is kind to everybody, isn't he?
Tom is almost never home on Monday, is he?
Tom is almost never at home on Monday, is he?
Tom is expecting someone, isn't he?
Tom is expecting somebody, isn't he?
I'm willing to do anything for you.
I'm doubtful whether Tom will do that.
I'm willing to do anything to help.
I'm going to let Tom do what he wants.
I've been making too many mistakes.
Tom asked Mary to stop staring at him.
Are you doing that just to annoy me?
Tom can't have done this without help.
I wish I could stay a little longer.
Tom has been making too many mistakes.
I'm going to go to Boston next year.
Tom is leaving at 2:this afternoon.
I'm studying electrical engineering.
Both Tom and Mary have bad reputations.
How much money do you need to borrow?
Do you think Tom could help us do that?
I take a shower almost every morning.
I asked Tom to do that, but he refused.
I'm going to play tennis next Monday.
I wish Tom had shown me how to do that.
I'm not satisfied with these results.
I'll meet Tom at 2:at the main gate.
I'm quite willing to do that for you.
I'm meeting Tom at the airport at 2:30.
If I had more money I could buy this.
It wasn't necessary for Tom to do that.
When does your summer vacation begin?
I want to know why Tom needs to do that.
You've been making too many mistakes.
I want to know why Tom wants to do that.
I don't have enough money to buy this.
I'm looking forward to hearing from Tom.
I'm counting on you to do that for me.
I'm not sure what time Tom will be home.
It wasn't necessary for me to do that.
I'm sick and tired of Tom's complaining.
I plan to stay here for the time being.
Tom can't have done this all by himself.
I prefer my coffee black with no sugar.
Tom's horse is fast, but mine is faster.
I take my dog for a walk every morning.
Tom's oldest daughter isn't married yet.
I'm from Boston, but I live in Chicago.
I can't stand Tom's arrogance any longer.
I'm looking forward to tonight's party.
I couldn't help falling in love with Tom.
It wasn't necessary for you to do that.
I'm not sure what time Tom will get home.
Come and warm yourself by the fireplace.
I'm to meet Tom at 2:at the main gate.
I'm not accustomed to this kind of work.
I'm waiting for Tom to finish doing that.
I'm still waiting to be told what to do.
Tom can't have been the one who did this.
I'm very lucky to have friends like you.
Tom refused to answer any of my questions.
I can't decide whether to do that or not.
Tom will probably lose everything he owns.
I don't have enough money, so I can't go.
Tom won't be able to do that anytime soon.
I wish I didn't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom's father is going to buy him a guitar.
I'm going to stay with my aunt in Boston.
I can't help wondering if Tom will do that.
I'm staying at a hotel not far from here.
Let's try to do that the way Tom suggested.
I'm very lucky to have a friend like you.
Tom will be leaving at 2:this afternoon.
My grandfather can't walk without a cane.
Tom's house is only three blocks from here.
I want to get this translated into French.
Tom is someone I've known since high school.
I'm getting accustomed to this life style.
Tom knows how to deal with people like that.
I'm not used to being spoken to like that.
Tom wants to know why Mary isn't here today.
I won't be able to finish this by tomorrow.
Tom's mother must've been very disappointed.
I'm not as afraid of snakes as I used to be.
Tom lost his glasses somewhere in the garden.
This box is too large to fit in my suitcase.
Tom will probably be the first one to arrive.
We need to find out what we need to do next.
Tom's mother would've been very proud of him.
I'm in no position to do anything about that.
I can't put up with Tom's rudeness any longer.
I'm not as afraid of heights as I used to be.
Tom probably won't be the first one to arrive.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the crew.
Tom's father promised to buy him a motorcycle.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the team.
Tom hid behind a bush so Mary wouldn't see him.
I'm very grateful for what you've done for me.
Tom probably won't be the first one to do that.
Let's try to find out what we need to do next.
Tom wouldn't drink the cocktail I made for him.
I can't afford to buy a car, much less a house.
I want to get a hat like the one Tom is wearing.
I'm not sure when the meeting's going to start.
I'm supposed to meet Tom at 2:this afternoon.
I'm still trying to find out what I need to do.
Tom worked in a department store for three years.
I'm still trying to find out what we should do.
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him for a loan?
Would you like me to thread the needle for you?
I asked Tom to lend me some money, but he refused.
I'm grateful for what you've done for my family.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary won't get along very well.
I'm not going because I don't have enough money.
I'm supposed to meet Tom at 2:at the main gate.
I'm looking forward to going to the zoo with you.
The thought that Tom might do that worried Mary.
People who break their promises can't be trusted.
Tom was wearing shoes, but he wasn't wearing socks.
I've been dyeing my hair for the last three years.
I can't help wondering if Tom will get here on time.
I can't buy this because I don't have enough money.
Tom says he's going to grow more vegetables this year.
I'm looking forward to spending more time with you.
Tom was walking too fast for me to catch up with him.
I'm still trying to find out what needs to be done.
One of Tom's sons is married to one of Mary's daughters.
I'm thinking of getting this translated into French.
Tom often spends his weekends in his cabin in the woods.
I'm not sure what time the concert is going to start.
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.
Do you have any ideas on how we can settle this matter?
Tom works at one of the city's most popular restaurants.
Even the richest man in the world can't buy everything.
Do you know Tom well enough to ask him to lend you money?
I understand your point of view, but don't agree with it.
I was relieved to hear that Tom wasn't seriously injured.
I'm sleepy because I stayed up all night studying for a test.
Tom left early this morning, so he should be in Boston by now.
I'm going to do my homework as soon as I get home this afternoon.
Tom hasn't been back to Boston since he graduated from high school.
I'm sure I've met that man somewhere, but I don't remember who he is.
Tom is going to have to stay in the hospital for another three weeks.
Are you buying or are you selling?
This will be difficult to do.
Do you guys not like my couch?
I barely ever listen to the radio.
Do you guys not like my sofa?
Don't complain all the time!
The goalkeeper made a brilliant save.
Tom fled the law and escaped to Brazil.
We cannot protect you.
She tried to protect her son from the truth.
Up rose my sire, submissive to the sign, / and briefly to the Gods addressed his prayer, / and bowed adoring to the star divine.
"Now, now," he cries, "no tarrying; wheresoe'er / ye point the path, I follow and am there. / Gods of my fathers! O preserve to-day / my home, preserve my grandchild; for your care / is Troy, and yours this omen. I obey; / lead on, my son, I yield and follow on thy way."
He spake, and nearer through the city came / the roar, the crackle and the fiery glow / of conflagration, rolling floods of flame.
I like translating.
What a load of shit!
"Quick, father, mount my shoulders, let us go. / That toil shall never tire me."
There was a complete volte-face on taxes that occurred.
You haven't got the appropriate technology to do that.
He's being a little, cheeky monkey.
They went out to get the whole kit and caboodle.
My sign of the Zodiac is Virgo. What's yours?
Plesiosaurs are large marine reptiles from the Mesozoic Era.
They are called Pterosaurs.
Where are the largest airports in the world?
We used to have a lovely, little Gazebo outside our house.
The cookies were quite misshapen, but very delicious.
The uniform of a swimmer has to be streamline so it helps them cut through the water. It makes them faster.
The etchings of Artist Daniel Hopfer are quite Beautiful.
I think it's a string instrument? Does it have strings? Does it make a noise? Then I suppose it's a string instrument.
The narrator had a wonderful voice. It was melodic and pulled the audience into the words they spoke as if they were experiencing what they spoke of for themselves.
The railroad crossing makes me nervous.
You can't predetermine things like fate.
Behind the tall building there is a bookstore.
Mary likes to play with her dollhouse.
The golden rule is that there is no golden rule.
That'll remain our secret, little one. You won't tell anyone, will you?
It was very rude of you to say a thing like that.
He entered her room.
He entered their room.
The translation of the French novel took more than three months.
Nancy, this letter is for you.
You should keep it secret.
I don't think he was so timid.
We can't tell Tom what he did.
I wasn't right.
The men you mentioned aren't anywhere to be found in the list.
After having read for two hours, he felt tired.
Silence! Tom is thinking.
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
His friend was waiting for him at the station.
I went home because it was late.
Don't think you're special, because you're not!
Two percent of tourists admitted to Parisian emergency rooms have been injured by sitting on Eiffel Tower souveniers.
Take care of the kids.
You sow wheat in your field.
Would you like to add this book to your wish list?
My great grandfather is over years old.
Do you promise never to lie again?
Are you not good at math?
Are you moving?
I won't go shopping.
We are reading a book.
Will I eat lunch?
I don't like cats, dogs, and babies at all; I have a heart of stone.
Tom has never stolen money his whole life.
How's it going, Chuck?
You write, I read.
Tell me, why should I trust you?
I've heard you've done some very bad things, is that right?
I'll sit here and wait until Tom comes.
A good day begins with you.
Are you free? Can I call?
Mary says she doesn't know any of Tom's children.
Tom waits while Mary shops for clothes.
Tom and Mary share their dishes at the restaurant.
Tom bought Mary a necklace.
Tom ate all the leftovers.
Tom ate leftovers and studied while waiting for Mary to call.
Tom studied all night long.
Mary's feet hurt after standing all day at work.
Mary is in the fitting room trying on clothes.
Tom likes to diagram sentences.
Tom called Mary to check on her because she felt ill.
Tom is always thinking of Mary.
Tom had a sudden urge to buy a bird.
Tom finished Mary's soup.
Tom remembered Mary collects glass figurines.
The thought that Tom might be doing that worried Mary.
Tom isn't as good at cooking as Mary.
Tom isn't as good at cooking as Mary is.
Is Tom as tall as me?
Is Tom as tall as I am?
No one wants to play chess with me.
Don't do that till I tell you to.
What are some things you don't like doing?
What are some things you don't like to do?
What was your favorite subject when you were in high school?
What was your favorite subject in high school?
What type of problems did you have?
What sort of problems did you have?
What kind of problems did you have?
Where would you recommend I pitch my tent?
Where would you recommend that I pitch my tent?
Tom said he wasn't impressed.
Tom hoped Mary would give him a second chance.
Tom hoped that Mary would give him a second chance.
I think that everybody knows that.
I think everyone knows that.
I think everybody knows that.
I think that everyone knows that.
I think Tom is scared now.
I think that Tom is scared now.
I think that Tom was right.
I think this is really interesting.
I think that this is really interesting.
I think those are achievable goals.
I think that those are achievable goals.
I think we're doing extremely well.
I think that we're doing extremely well.
I think we're making good progress.
I think that we're making good progress.
I haven't yet given Tom permission to do that.
I haven't given Tom permission to do that yet.
If Tom had time to do that, I'm sure he would.
I must've tried on every pair of shoes in the store, but none of them fit me.
Have you already explained everything to Tom?
What subject did you find most interesting when you were in high school?
You must've been surprised to see Tom there.
If you help me, I should be able to finish this by the end of the day.
Tom is your husband's middle name, isn't it?
I tried on every pair of shoes in the store, but none of them fit me.
Tom has been over to your place, hasn't he?
If you've finished doing your homework, you can go outside and play.
Who was your favorite teacher when you were in junior high school?
What should we do if Tom doesn't do that?
I wouldn't have gotten here on time if you hadn't given me a ride.
Tom has been causing problems, hasn't he?
What are some of the main tourist attractions in your country?
Tom hasn't learned to drive yet, has he?
If you've finished your homework, you can go outside and play.
I didn't give Tom permission to do that.
If you'd been at the meeting, you could've told everyone that.
Tom must've sensed something was wrong.
There's nothing more we can do for Tom.
What subject did you like best when you were in high school?
If Tom promised he'll do that, he will.
What's the most popular spectator sport in your country?
What should we do if Tom doesn't come?
Do you always wear a helmet when riding your motorcycle?
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited?
We're going to visit Tom next Monday.
What's the most popular spectator sport in Australia?
Tom is interested in a lot of things.
What kind of clothes should I take to Boston with me?
Tom could've done that if he'd tried.
If you've finished your homework, you can watch TV.
Have you explained everything to Tom?
Is there something else you'd rather be doing now?
If Tom told you that, he was lying.
Since there was nothing left to do, we went home.
When was Tom released from prison?
If you'd been at the meeting, you could've voted.
Did you explain everything to Tom?
How much time do you spend watching TV every day?
What Tom told you wasn't correct.
Do you have to wear a helmet when you're working?
Tom has already cleaned his room.
What do you do when it's too cold to go outside?
Tom hates this idea, doesn't he?
What foreign countries would you like to visit?
Tom hasn't met Mary yet, has he?
What do you do when it's too hot to go outside?
All I wanted to do was kiss Tom.
The sooner you start, the sooner you'll finish.
Tom is his real name, isn't it?
What's the most popular sport in your country?
Tom is a common name, isn't it?
If I'd had enough money, I'd have bought that.
What Tom told you wasn't true.
I think you could've done that if you'd tried.
Tom is going to come with us.
Would you rather be doing something else now?
What Tom told you was a lie.
What do you usually do when you go to Boston?
Tom has asked me for advice.
Does Tom have to be present?
It must've been difficult for you to do that.
Does Tom like his parents?
Since there was nothing left to do, we left.
Tom is standing over there.
How much time do you spend with your family?
Tom is now three years old.
Which museum would you like to visit first?
Tom is my only true friend.
What's the most popular sport in Australia?
Tom is my brother's friend.
What kinds of food are you good at cooking?
Tom helped Mary, didn't he?
What kind of programs do you like to watch?
Tom hates this, doesn't he?
What kind of clothes do you wear to school?
Tom is such a nice person.
Your bicycle was more expensive than mine.
Tom is still not a lawyer.
Where do you think I should pitch my tent?
Tom is still a little boy.
What kind of food are you good at cooking?
Tom is staying for dinner.
What kind of clothes do you wear to work?
Tom is one of my patients.
We're hoping to visit Boston this summer.
Tom is knitting a sweater.
What kinds of things do you enjoy doing?
Tom is a thief and a liar.
What kind of shows do you like to watch?
Tom is a divorce attorney.
What kind of food would you like to eat?
Tom is Mary's only nephew.
You must've sensed something was wrong.
Tom helped you, didn't he?
What foods are popular in your country?
I'm reluctant to help Tom.
If I'd had time to do that, I would've.
Tom's plan is quite good.
I think you could do that if you tried.
Tom's ideas seemed crazy.
What do people around here do for fun?
Tom's bag was very light.
We're going to get married in October.
Tom isn't a good drummer.
I'm three years older than my brother.
Tom is slightly confused.
Who are some of your favorite actors?
Tom is no longer married.
What museums would you like to visit?
Tom is no longer jealous.
What kind of building do you live in?
Tom is a teacher like me.
What do you like to do when it's hot?
Tom promised to help me.
What do you hope to do in the future?
Tom is as busy as a bee.
What are you going to do if it rains?
Tom found it, didn't he?
Your saxophone isn't as old as mine.
Tom won't forgive Mary.
We're disappointed with the results.
Tom is such a lazy guy.
If I had enough money, I'd buy this.
Tom is no longer angry.
How important is music in your life?
Tom is exactly like us.
Your office isn't as large as mine.
Tom is at school today.
What's your area of specialization?
Tom is afraid of germs.
What kind of clothes should I pack?
Tom is a religious man.
What are some of the disadvantages?
Tom is a great teacher.
We're leaving Australia next month.
Tom is a great drummer.
I should've thought of this before.
Tom is a famous singer.
If I had time to do that, I would.
Is Tom at school today?
We're flying to Boston on Monday.
Tom's boat was stolen.
What are some of the advantages?
Tom's answer is wrong.
My shoes are smaller than yours.
Tom won't leave today.
What are your responsibilities?
Tom is rarely at home.
What's your area of expertise?
Tom is an unusual kid.
Tom is a good climber.
What kind of food do you eat?
Tom is a generous man.
Tom is leaving early.
What do you need to do today?
Tom is back home now.
How often do you play hockey?
Tom is an honest boy.
Tom is a good diver.
What do we need to do today?
Tom is OK with that.
Tom won't go there.
What'll you do if it rains?
Tom won't drink it.
Tom is on the bus.
Tom is safe here.
Please don't get angry.
Tom is cautious.
I'm just killing time.
Is Tom lazy?
Tom got pimples from drinking chocolate hemp milk.
Tom shops at the international market.
That's certainly an interesting question.
Let's go on the Ferris wheel!
I think of them as smelly.
Mom, the fridge doesn't cool.
Tom isn't here yet. He must've missed the bus.
I'm not against people owning guns.
I'm not against outlawing guns.
Don't congratulate me!
Don't say congratulations!
"Come whatso / the Fates shall bring us, both alike shall share / one common welfare or one common woe."
"Let young Iulus at my side repair; / keep thou, my wife, aloof, and follow as we fare."
"Ye too, my servants, hearken my commands. / Outside the city is a mound, where, dear / to Ceres once, but now deserted, stands / a temple, and an aged cypress near, / for ages hallowed with religious fear."
Do you price match?
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Tom has an iPad.
Tom has a Macbook.
Tom has a laptop.
Tom has a desktop computer.
This computer is operated using a mouse and keyboard.
Tom's laptop has a touchpad.
Tom has an Android tablet.
What's a non-toxic way to kill bugs?
I miss that television show about a friendly dolphin.
"Mary, there's a dolphin at the door who wants to borrow a cup of fish."
I broke the carafe that goes to the coffee maker.
Can you send me the dimensions?
"Thanks for the advice on fixing toilet clogs, Tom. You seem to have a lot of experience in clogging up toilets," said Mary.
I'm from a unique clan of smelly individuals.
I don't need to buy a bucket today. Tomorrow, maybe.
I broke the ladder and fractured my ankle.
Tom is an HR consultant.
It was a calculated decision.
It wasn't a calculated decision.
South African filmmaker Carlos Carvalho died after being hit in the head by a giraffe.
This brings back memories.
Tom planted a small peach tree in front of his house.
Peach trees typically bloom in spring.
Peach trees are in bloom.
Peach trees typically blossom in spring.
The Japanese cherry trees are in full bloom.
Tom had dirt underneath his fingernails.
There meet we.
My coat is missing three buttons.
Three buttons are missing from my coat.
Three buttons from my coat are missing.
Our boat suddenly capsized, and everyone fell into the river.
Our boat capsized suddenly, and everybody fell into the river.
Were you listening, Tom?
My daughter has disappeared!
"Father, in thy charge remain / Troy's gods; for me, red-handed with the smear / of blood, and fresh from slaughter, 'twere profane / to touch them, ere the stream hath cleansed me of the stain."
The food court at the mall is noisy.
There's a crazy man with a carton of orange juice at the mall.
Tom and Mary went to three different malls over the weekend.
Don't take everything so seriously.
Your garden is beautiful.
Tom waits patiently for Mary.
So saying, my neck and shoulders I incline, / and round them fling a lion's tawny hide, / then lift the load.
This letter is for you.
There are some letters for you on the table.
Here's a letter addressed to you.
Don't do that unless Tom says you have to do it.
I know I shouldn't have expected Tom to do that.
The reason I did that was because Tom asked me to.
Tom is the one responsible for that.
Cherry blossoms are in full bloom.
I'm not in a good mood.
Tom is exhausted from shopping all day with Mary.
We can decide on the design.
Give me a quote.
Can you use this?
I think it's better to get rid of it.
Guys! Wait!
Here, look.
Let me find another one.
I need to be able to open the window.
Just like this?
Are you going to remove this?
Are you going to make a shelf?
I see what you are saying.
Let's go with the standard.
Do you know what I'm thinking?
OK, it's fine.
What brings you here so early?
I'll wait here for Tom.
I hope that I never have to do that again.
I'm not sure anyone believed me.
I'm not sure anybody believed me.
I don't think they're planning on doing that.
I don't think that they're planning on doing that.
I don't think that Tom is planning on doing that.
I don't think Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom is planning on doing that.
I don't think that Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think this changes anything.
I don't think that this changes anything.
I guess we have no choice.
I guess we don't have any choice.
I hope Tom wasn't too disappointed.
I hope that Tom wasn't too disappointed.
I hope you aren't too disappointed.
I hope that you aren't too disappointed.
I hope this is accurate information.
I hope that this is accurate information.
I knew something funny might happen.
I knew that something funny might happen.
I knew something strange might happen.
I knew that something strange might happen.
I knew something bad might happen.
I knew that something bad might happen.
I know Tom is trustworthy.
I promise you won't be disappointed.
I promise that you won't be disappointed.
I think everyone was pretty excited.
I think everybody was pretty excited.
I wasn't surprised Tom did that.
I hope I don't disappoint you.
I hope that I don't disappoint you.
I hope we're not treated unfairly.
I hope that we're not treated unfairly.
I'm afraid we're going to be late.
I'm afraid that we're going to be late.
I'm not accusing anyone of anything.
I'm not accusing anybody of anything.
I'm sure both of you will do well.
I'm sure that you'll both do well.
I'm sure you'll both do well.
I'm sure that both of you will do well.
I'm really happy this is happening.
I'm really happy that this is happening.
I thought you had higher standards.
I thought that you had higher standards.
I thought this was common knowledge.
I thought that this was common knowledge.
I thought what Tom did was fantastic.
I thought that what Tom did was fantastic.
I think I could've helped Tom.
I think that I could've helped Tom.
I knit every day.
Tom likes cheeseburgers.
I was really anxious.
I'll stay until Tom leaves.
I think that'll happen.
Tom knows Mary, doesn't he?
I'm ready for next week.
I remained until Tom arrived.
I'm beginning to feel cold.
I wasn't impressed by what Tom did.
I usually don't drink coffee.
I've done business with Tom before.
I normally don't drink coffee.
I wasn't impressed by what Tom said.
I'm angry about what happened.
I'll respect any decision Tom makes.
I'm surprised they didn't arrest Tom.
I read several books last week.
I know Tom's strengths and weaknesses.
I'm thinking of becoming a nun.
Tom knows we can't do that, doesn't he?
I felt pretty comfortable there.
Tom knows what you've done, doesn't he?
I ordinarily don't drink coffee.
I can understand why you don't like Tom.
I'm really starting to hate Boston.
Tom knows where the others are, I think.
I think that'll become necessary.
I've spent many evenings talking with Tom.
I think that's happening already.
I didn't notice what time it was that Tom left.
I'm not usually picky about food.
What do you do when you and Tom hang out together?
I'm worried about what'll happen.
If Tom had had time to do that, I'm sure he would've.
I guess I should introduce myself.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he's sick in bed.
I think that's an important point.
Tom is willing to pay up to three hundred dollars for that.
I'll do that tomorrow if possible.
The reason I didn't do that was because Tom asked me not to.
I'd like a little more information.
What kind of things do you do when you and Tom hang out together?
I'll be praying for those families.
I was driving down Park Street when I saw Tom and Mary walking together.
I'll never forgive myself for that.
The reason Tom isn't here is because he had to go to Boston for a funeral.
I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast.
Do your parents like Tom?
I don't think Tom was listening very carefully.
I'm surprised Tom can't speak French.
The museum curator wanted the Egyptian painting to be sandwiched between two pieces of thick acrylic glass.
I like my hamburger sandwiched between two pieces of waffles.
The electric wires were sandwiched between two pieces of non-conductive material.
Mary hates flying on long flights sandwiched between two men.
Can you give me a price estimate for the work?
The state no longer belonged to the Habsburg Empire. The state – no, empire, was all his. His little empire.
His little hand in mine, / Iulus totters at his father's side; / behind me comes Creusa.
What inspires you most?
The longer I think about it the more uncertain I become.
Seven policemen died.
What you say may be true, but it does not help me now at all.
I put on a sweater.
After he ate, Tom went to bed.
I found a cord on the beach.
That is the keyboard for my computer.
Where are the scissors?
The photos made me cry.
I can't survive on just coffee. Or, can I?
I'll need to get some plastic forks and knives.
Tom didn't sleep well for a multitude of reasons.
Tom bought a pound of the health salad. This is Texas after all. Make that two pounds.
"Tom, pick up all your dirty clothes. This is the narrator," said Mary. "Is there a narrator in here somewhere?" said Tom, looking around.
He liked my jokes.
She liked my jokes.
On we stride / through shadowy ways; and I who rushing spear / and thronging foes but lately had defied, / now fear each sound, each whisper of the air, / trembling for him I lead, and for the charge I bear.
I appreciate our friendship very much.
I imagine a house where I'm happy.
You've changed a lot since I've seen you.
Tom went quickly up the stairs.
I don't live that far from here.
I'll come again another time.
And now I neared the gates, and thought my flight / achieved, when suddenly a noise we hear / of trampling feet, and, peering through the night, / my father cries, "Fly, son, the Greeks are near; / they come, I see the glint of shield and spear, / fierce foes in front and flashing arms behind."
Yesterday I was not at home the whole day.
Tom can't sing while he's eating.
Let him finish talking!
Let him finish speaking!
Let him finish his sentence!
I should be getting back.
Candy is bad for your teeth.
Must I thread the needle for you?
I went down to his level.
I have the same feelings.
You are younger than all of us.
Don't you know a man by that name?
I've already seen this man before somewhere.
My husband shot the man in self-defense.
Shopping bores most men to death.
Your face is always dirty.
I'm not any good at math.
I thought you were good at math.
They're not allowed in here.
This man isn't my husband.
Tom and I've started dating.
I hate being shouted at.
Tom is my husband's best friend.
Tom isn't a very good liar, is he?
I'm a totally different person now.
Tom isn't a very good driver, is he?
I'm actually quite happy with that.
Tom isn't a very good dancer, is he?
I'm angry about what happened, too.
Tom isn't a very friendly guy, is he?
I'm beginning to feel quite secure.
Tom isn't a team player, is he?
I'm looking forward to next season.
Tom isn't a suspect anymore, is he?
I'm planning on losing some weight.
Tom isn't a student, is he?
I'm really looking forward to that.
Tom isn't a member, is he?
I'm really starting to hate this town.
Tom isn't a happy person, is he?
I'm responsible for my own actions.
Tom isn't a happy camper, is he?
I'm sure that's being done already.
Tom isn't a good cook, is he?
I've been struggling for years now.
Tom isn't a friendly guy, is he?
I've never thought about giving up.
Tom isn't a criminal, is he?
I really appreciate you saying that.
Tom isn't a cat person, is he?
I suppose I should introduce myself.
Then trembling seized me and, amidst my fear, / what power I know not, but some power unkind / confused my wandering wits, and robbed me of my mind. / For while, the byways following, I left / the beaten track, ah! woe and well away! / my wife Creusa lost me – whether reft / by Fate, or faint or wandering astray, / I know not.
Nor have seen her since that day, / nor sought, nor missed her, till in Ceres' fane / we met at length, and mustered our array. / There she alone was wanting of our train, / and husband, son and friends all looked for her in vain!
She thinks I'm stupid.
Note well.
Rome was attacked by many enemies.
The snake swallowed the whole cow.
Tom's inside.
Is the work finished?
We simply couldn't resist.
You look like a roadside floozy in this dress.
The dress can be let out.
Don't be offended by what I'm about to say, but this dress looks terrible on you.
Your friendship was never real.
She sets herself apart from the rest.
Atlas is often depicted carrying the Earth on his shoulders.
The old man got misty-eyed.
I'm sorry, I digress.
I don't know how long I'd slept; probably for a long time because I felt completely rested.
Mary was bullied as a child.
Tom needs to get got.
I just want to be accepted for who I am.
Mary likes mysteries.
Have faith in yourself.
Tom got traded to Boston.
Whom then did I upbraid not, wild with woe, / of gods or men? What sadder sight elsewhere / had Troy, now whelmed in utter wreck, to show?
When he is eating, Tom cannot sing.
The city hall isn't far from here.
My brother is washing the dishes.
I imagine a house in which I would be happy.
Tom went up the stairs quickly.
I'm putting on the pullover.
The police assured that she would clear the case.
Tom often imagines having a small house with a garden.
Tom was in a bad mood all day yesterday.
Yesterday, Tom was in a bad mood all day.
Excuse me for a moment, please! I have to change.
Aunt Marie, do you have chocolate?
It's likely that it'll snow again tonight.
Many people consider travelling alone to be beneficial.
In autumn, the leaf of the plant becomes a reddish color.
Tom is always present.
I didn't know Tom came from Boston.
Tom was trying to entertain Marie.
Tom wants to start from scratch.
I should forward this information to Tom.
If I offended Tom, then he should say so!
I shouldn't have.
You shouldn't have.
The view is breathtaking.
Tom promised me he'd pay his debts.
We want to see you again.
I forgot to go shopping.
Where should I put the bike?
Every evening, Tom massages Maria's leg.
He's young, but he has a white beard.
There seems to be a hidden meaning to his words.
Are you going to the restaurant tonight?
Ms. Marie is still at the office.
Are you coming with me to the movie theater?
Tom is beautiful, isn't he?
If you don't know, ask me.
Did you open my chest?
Is the restaurant expensive?
He who wants wisdom should first have patience.
The restaurant is beautiful.
Tom is very tired, and he's hungry.
Do you see my son?
The French call orgasms "la petite mort" (the little death).
Is this Tom's bike?
The cat easily killed the mouse.
Tom still isn't back. Where is he?
He stayed there for a moment.
I got up just at today.
The lions are much stronger than the deer.
Marie put on her most beautiful dress to go to the theater.
It is mandatory to put on the seatbelt.
Tom died while writing.
That was really kind.
Don't forget your mother's birthday!
Tom stacked the wire containers on each other.
It was already too late to order something on the breakfast menu.
I insist that you put on your seatbelt in my car.
"Why do you take this medicine?" "To sleep."
My parents' parents are my grandparents.
Go change quickly or else I won't take you with me.
We talked a lot about you yesterday.
We watered the garden.
I'm very happy with what you've told me.
She's in love with you.
Thomas is in love with you.
He's in love with you, it's obvious.
Go play with your legos.
Marie asked Alice if she had already kissed a boy.
Let's stop somewhere to eat.
The thieves robbed the bank.
Why didn't you ask me sooner?
I need my key.
Two years ago, Tom learned how to swim.
He said he'd wait for me to come back.
Could you introduce your friend to me, please?
He came up with a story.
Troy's gods commending to my comrades' care, / with old Anchises and my infant heir, / I hide them in a winding vale from view.
She liked the backing track, even though she highkey cringed at the lyrics.
Asthma runs in his family.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.
I think that's more than reasonable.
Tom is never going to come back here, is he?
I thought that was very interesting.
Tom is never going to change, is he?
I took painkillers and kept working.
Tom is never going to change his mind, is he?
I was concerned for obvious reasons.
Tom is never going to believe that, is he?
I was mentally and physically tired.
Tom is never going to be given the chance to do that, is he?
Please add extra onions.
This place isn't boring because we might be killed.
Don't make eye contact!
"'You're being paranoid, Tom!' was the last thing Mary said before being killed by the escaped tigers," said Tom.
She is too tired to even go one step further.
Better to have a big open ear than an open leg.
This is a very important subject.
This is a good way to get hurt.
Tom detests sandwiches because of their banality.
Tom refused to eat.
Tom only ate tapioca pudding for three weeks before dying suddenly.
One of the pigs ate a cocklebur plant and died.
"Is there a sneeze guard big enough to protect the earth from gamma rays?" said Tom. "I don't like your stupid jokes," replied Mary.
Nothing you say will convince me.
Many believe that the world is getting more just, but perhaps it's merely getting less toxic.
Then, sheathed again in shining arms, prepare / once more to scour the city through and through, / resolved to brave all risks, all ventures to renew.
She has a rose in her hair.
I understand more than I can say.
May I introduce myself? My name is Tom Frisch.
I believe he's a friend of Ms. Schmitt's.
The little lady over there is my mother.
Enter by means of the staircase!
I'll go if you won't go.
I'm not good at either swimming or running.
I'm not any better at swimming than I am at running.
I'm no better at swimming than I am at running.
Is the sky weeping?
Tom was distracted by Mary's plunging neckline.
Tom was shooting baskets.
I'm not lazy. I'm just conserving energy.
Tom tried to tune out the noise.
Do very tall people have to be careful not to bump their heads when they go through doorways?
Are we doing this or not?
Is your handkerchief more expensive than your shoes?
No, my handkerchief isn’t more expensive than my shoes; it’s cheaper than my shoes.
Tom put the key into the ignition.
Is a Rolls Royce cheaper than a Ford?
Tom got caught up in the heat of the moment.
No, a Rolls Royce isn’t cheaper than a Ford; it’s more expensive than a Ford.
Tom got caught up in the heat of the moment and made a rash decision.
It's rather chilly outside.
Tom checked his messages.
Time is like a river.
Black absorbs light.
Tom seemed embarrassed by the attention.
Tom squirmed in his seat.
He won't be gone long.
She won't be gone long.
There's something I'd like to ask you.
He cries.
She is beautiful and clever.
We have rice.
The boy was embarrased when he came to and found himself crying in front of his grandfather.
I would like to invite you to a cup of tea.
Many books were forgotten.
Your city is said to be a good one.
Are you sure Tom shouldn't do that?
Are you sure that Tom shouldn't do that?
Is this the stuff Tom wants?
Is this the stuff that Tom wants?
Do you think that Tom really did that?
Do you think that Tom would like to do that?
Tom and Mary say that mosquitoes don't bother them.
Tom and Mary told me they're thinking about getting a dog.
Tom and Mary told me that they're thinking about getting a dog.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they won't be at his party.
Tom and Mary showed me the letter they received from John.
Tom and Mary showed me the letter that they received from John.
Tom and Mary told John they were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John was nervous.
Tom knew that Mary was sick.
I don't think there's any sugar left.
I don't think that there's any sugar left.
I don't think there's any beer in the refrigerator.
I don't think that there's any beer in the refrigerator.
I don't think I'm doing this right.
I don't think that I'm doing this right.
Tom knew that Mary was angry with him.
Tom knew Mary was sleeping.
Tom knew that Mary was sleeping.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't very hungry.
Tom knows that Mary can't eat peanuts.
Tom knows that Mary will do that.
Tom knows that Mary likes reggae.
Tom knows that Mary kissed John.
Tom knows Mary is dead.
Tom knows that Mary is dead.
Tom knows that Mary is angry.
Tom knows that Mary is angry with him.
Tom knows Mary doesn't like it.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't like it.
Tom knows that Mary cheated.
Tom and Mary told me they were very poor.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very poor.
Tom called Mary to say that he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he'd be late.
I can't imagine that's changed.
I can't imagine that that's changed.
Did Tom say that he didn't want to do that?
Tom is mean to everyone, isn't he?
Tom is mean to everybody, isn't he?
Tom is seeing someone else, isn't he?
Tom is seeing somebody else, isn't he?
Tom is friendly to everyone, isn't he?
Is Tom waiting for me?
Do I have to be there?
Tom is back, isn't he?
How are we going to pay this?
Tom was rude, wasn't he?
Which do you think is better?
Tom and Mary seem sleepy.
Who were you just talking to?
Tom is worried, isn't he?
How are you going to pay this?
Tom told Mary, didn't he?
Which one do you think is better?
I don't think you'd understand it.
Tom took notes, didn't he?
Who will you spend Christmas with?
Tom was afraid, wasn't he?
I assumed that's what was happening.
Tom bought a ring for Mary.
I believe that's the correct answer.
Does Tom still seem confused?
I can't really answer your question.
Tom and Mary sometimes fight.
I did something different this week.
Tom called Mary the next day.
I didn't feel self-conscious at all.
Tom is almost done, isn't he?
I don't remember what happened next.
Tom likes coffee, doesn't he?
I won't be doing anything different.
Tom likes hockey, doesn't he?
I wouldn't take my girlfriend there.
Tom likes horses, doesn't he?
I'm not ordinarily picky about food.
Tom likes reggae, doesn't he?
I'm not worried about anything else.
Tom likes sports, doesn't he?
I'm really excited about doing this.
Tom shouldn't go there alone.
I'm really starting hate this place.
Tom won't tell Mary, will he?
I'm starting to feel more confident.
I wonder where Tom found that.
I've never thought about doing that.
Tom likes cooking, doesn't he?
I don't worry about things like that.
Tom likes drawing, doesn't he?
I think that's a legitimate question.
Tom likes fishing, doesn't he?
I've seen something like this before.
Tom likes oranges, doesn't he?
I believe that's the correct approach.
Tom likes to hunt, doesn't he?
I took painkillers and kept on working.
Tom talked to Mary, didn't he?
I'll be leaving early tomorrow morning.
Did Tom study for today's exam?
I'm really getting tired of doing this.
Tom likes football, doesn't he?
I'm really looking forward to next year.
Tom called Mary on her birthday.
I took painkillers and continued working.
Tom plays the piano, doesn't he?
I think you'll find this book interesting.
Tom wants to sleep on the couch.
I've never thought about doing it that way.
Tom won't do that here, will he?
I wonder what language those two are speaking.
Tom wasn't home yesterday, was he?
I wasn't on the committee that made that decision.
Tom and Mary have sold their house.
I'm not going to pretend that I understand French.
Tom was very convincing, wasn't he?
I would've liked to have continued the conversation.
Tom likes Mary more than he likes Alice.
I think basketball is the most interesting sport to watch.
Tom has been to Boston before, hasn't he?
I'd be more interested in going to the zoo than to an art museum.
Tom asked me what Mary's father's name was.
Mary washes her hair.
Tom lives with Mary.
I'm eating lunch with my parents today.
I believe that dreams are not always deceptive.
I thought it was just an urban legend.
That's just an urban legend.
He bought a good camera.
The cat lashed out at the dog.
This tree produces a lot of big fruit in spring.
We have an offer for you.
Is that a new bag?
I need a car with front-wheel drive for driving in the snow.
According to our Standard Operating Procedure (S.O.P.), Tom should have refactored the critical code that caused this error.
Cut apple slices turn brown due to oxidation.
I have first dibs on the front seat!
Tom washes his hair every time he takes a shower.
Let's consolidate our research and present our results at the meeting tomorrow.
Tom doesn't wash his hair as often as Mary washes hers.
Bob enjoys insect watching.
Even if everyone else does, I won't.
That's not it.
Is s/he there?
Are they here/there/in?
All rise!
Are they coming?
Is she coming?
It's the opposite.
How about it?
I succeeded!
Talk about spacious!
Right about-face!
See ya!
At last!
Uh-huh.
Proceed.
Did he win?
Did she win?
Did they win?
Tom was able to do what he wanted to do.
Was Tom able to do everything he wanted to do?
That's weird!
That's odd!
You quit.
She quit.
We quit.
They quit.
That riles me.
Now that's scary!
It arrived.
Case closed!
That's beautiful!
Get on!
What time is the curfew?
That's not it at all!
You can walk.
He can walk.
She can walk.
We can walk.
They can walk.
It can walk.
Are they sleeping?
What odd weather!
What strange weather!
Would you like some green tea?
We won!
He won!
She won!
They won!
You won!
It won!
I envy it.
I envy them.
How odd.
Make the scope of activity global.
There are times when knowledge you thought of as useless becomes useful when you least expect it.
Write a sentence that isn't vague in meaning!
Write a sentence where the meaning is clear!
At this point, there's nowhere left to go!
Your face gives away whatever's on your mind right away, so there's no way you can keep a secret.
He was awarded by the chancellor of the university for his doctoral thesis which applied the latest in astrophysical knowledge to how underboobs swing.
I'll apologize first, okay?
If you've caught a cold, then don't come to school.
I was here exactly at ten o'clock, but you weren't.
I, too, was in the generation brought up listening to the Beatles.
Let's think about next year next year.
Tom, with his good manners and winning smile, is popular with both men and women.
But it would be great if she could go about her work a little more briskly.
Will we make it in time?
Will they make it in time?
Will he make it in time?
Will she make it in time?
Health comes first.
Sorry I doubted you.
I want tomorrow to be fine.
You shouldn't have come to school if you have a cold.
Don't come to school if you have a cold.
Does a solution come to mind?
Can you think of a solution?
I'll explain using photographs.
Tom is a budding doctor.
Since you have a bad cold, you should've stayed home.
I have no doubts at all.
That's an awesome result.
Let's give him a stern talking to.
Your appetite's voracious from first thing in the morning, isn't it!
Let's do it right away.
I'd rather not say that.
Let's talk it over one more time.
Yes, I received it!
I think everyone here knows Tom.
I think everybody here knows Tom.
Do you like the jacket Tom is wearing?
Do you like the jacket that Tom is wearing?
Tom was in the hospital for a few weeks last year.
We need to change trains at the next station.
Tom shouldn't do that unless I'm there to help him.
They don't sell women's shoes in this store.
Tom knows things about Mary that John doesn't know.
The fish Tom caught this afternoon were trout.
The fish Tom caught this afternoon was a trout.
Be careful not to put too much salt in the soup.
Do you think Tom will be late again?
Yesterday's dinner was fish.
I want to be girlish.
To behold a curious spectacle.
That's a well-off household.
First, admit that you lost.
This is an urgent matter.
That's what I was taught.
For some reason, my car's playing up today.
I don't feel comfortable walking around here at night.
I doubt whether this will improve.
You can't know everything.
You're always a great help.
That guy really just does as he likes, doesn't he.
Tom never kissed me.
I have a different theory.
Tom was able to help me.
I lost my wallet yesterday morning.
Tom was absent last Monday.
I've never heard anything like that.
Tom was surprised, wasn't he?
I believe everyone deserves a chance.
Tom likes to sing, doesn't he?
I don't think there's anything there.
Tom reminds me of my ex-husband.
You'd be willing to do that, wouldn't you?
Tom is John's middle name, isn't it?
I don't think that Tom was surprised.
Reason retires once the unreasonable gets its way.
Tom says he hasn't met any of Mary children.
If you're not going, I won't either.
If you're going to go, I will, too.
If you stay, I'll stay, too.
If you're going to wait for Tom, I'll wait with you.
I'm not going to go unless you go.
I'm not going to stay unless you stay, too.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
I appreciate all you have done for me.
I really appreciate all of your help.
I'm grateful for everything you've done for me.
Thank you for all your hard work.
I've been looking forward to meeting you for a long time.
Tom must've studied French when he was a high school student.
Tom would've been able to do that if he'd tried harder.
Tom would've been able to do that if he'd tried.
Tom's car isn't here, so he must've left.
Tom must be here for another three hours.
Tom must've gotten on the wrong train.
Tom reminds me of my first husband.
Tom said he's prepared to help me.
Tom would do that if he had time.
Tom was disappointed, wasn't he?
Tom lives near here, doesn't he?
Tom walked back to the camp.
Tom never kissed Mary.
If even just one team member goes off half-cocked, the project is doomed.
A wide-angle lens elongates the subject.
Years spent playing in the percussion section took a toll on her hearing.
Holistic medicine is largely unregulated so has a greater share of quacks.
All the fire extinguishers worked, so there were no casualties.
He's a minor player, but tends to overstate his own importance.
Having a large disposable income meant I bought a lot of things I didn't need.
He is such a contrarian that when I said how steep a climb it was, he insisted we were going downhill.
She ignores all the advice we try and give her, so I guess she'll have to learn it all in the school of hard knocks.
"Take your money and shove it! I'm not for sale."
She graduated from teacher's college after two years, and now works at a school near here.
Accentuating the wrong syllable can make what you're saying incomprehensible.
A concrete structure will usually be sturdier than a wooden one.
His elaborate comb over doesn't conceal the fact that he's a baldy.
The money finally materialized on the very date it was due.
The negative effects of immigration on the housing market are overstated.
No one knew.
The President is afraid to tell the truth.
The President isn't willing to tell the truth.
Tom isn't willing to tell the truth.
I had fish for dinner last night.
We had fish for dinner last night.
Tom is afraid to tell the truth.
He's such a fuddy-duddy that he starts even his daily texts to me with "Dear Tom."
Tom is ready to tell the truth.
Tom isn't ready to tell the truth.
Tom is prepared to tell the truth.
I don't think Tom is likely to tell the truth.
The aurochs were a wilder breed than today's cattle.
I don't think Tom told Mary the truth.
I don't think Tom told Mary the truth about what happened.
I doubt that Tom will tell Mary what really happened.
Do you really think that Tom told Mary the truth?
The Russians are accused of infiltrating the American election system with political messages.
I wonder whether Tom will tell Mary the truth.
I wonder if Tom will tell Mary the truth.
The President has never needed to tell the truth.
Look, you're crying again. You're a real cry-baby, aren't you.
Is there a check-out on the first floor only?
Like I thought, you're an idiot.
I feel my second year of junior high school was the most fun.
This device is set up to kill dictators.
This device is ready to kill dictators.
We may get to see another side of Ms. Sakura.
The tea you gave me was really good.
World peace is something all peoples want.
So you want to do zumba? Aren't you going to get tired of it fast, like everything else?
Stay nice and quiet, okay, 'cos I'll be back real soon.
Oh no, my mobile phone battery's about to run out. I should have charged it while I was sleeping.
I intend to try doing everything I can.
Is there anything you want to eat for lunch?
Apparently Tom's father is into photography.
If I see a child smile, it catches on, and then I'm smiling too.
I had pizza for lunch, so make dinner something other than pizza.
Now please summarize the main points in your notebook.
You mustn't make light of the problem.
I have it.
If you want to change your opinion, then go right ahead.
Keep in a place out of direct sunlight.
I don't like your taste in colors.
You succeeded!
He succeeded!
She succeeded!
They succeeded!
It succeeded!
I reach the ramparts and the shadowy gates / whence first I issued, backward through the night / my studied steps retracing. Horror waits / around; the very silence breeds affright.
Then homeward turn, if haply in her flight, / if, haply, thither she had strayed; but ere / I came, behold, the Danaans, loud in fight, / swarmed through the halls.
He became angry.
I don't want him to go to hell, but I can never forgive him.
I suppose no one knows why it is so.
I told you it wouldn't work, didn't I?
I have an expensive computer.
To me, "sexual freedom" means freedom from having to have sex.
You have the choice between two alternatives.
I'd still like to have coffee with you.
I don't see a difference between the two.
I don't really understand the difference between the two.
I don't really understand what the difference between the two is.
The question aroused controversy, and still remains open.
I wanted people to like me.
Tom wanted people to like him.
Mary wanted people to like her.
Mary has long slender legs.
Roof-high the fiery glare, / fanned by the wind, mounts up; the loud blast roars in air.
Who switched off the lights?
His death saddened everyone.
Tom crossed the river by jumping from rock to rock.
Tom is a college freshman.
Mary is a college freshman.
Ads are annoying.
No trespassing!
We're crossing the border.
My legs are much too short.
I'm not sad. I'm thinking!
He awoke the lion who slept within him.
I think eighth grade was the most fun.
I plan to do everything I can.
You've got bits of hair sticking up.
He's a thief, isn't he?
You're a thief, aren't you?
You're thieves, aren't you?
She's a thief, isn't she?
They are thieves, aren't they?
I wonder why Tom asked me those questions.
minus is 83.
Tom is a philistine.
Is it all right if I go to bed in a bit?
That, too, is a point.
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
My mom is the best in the world!
May I go to bed now?
Didn't you see him?
Didn't you see her?
I’ll never quit, never curry favor, and never look back!
After Tom ate, he went to bed.
Before he went to the dentist, Tom drank a glass of schnapps.
Tom drank a glass of schnapps before he went to the dentist.
Before Tom went to the dentist, he drank a glass of schnapps.
Tom is waiting patiently for Mary.
When will Tom be released from prison?
When will Tom get out of prison?
What should we do if Tom does that?
Tom waited while Mary was shopping for clothes.
Don't tell Tom what we did.
We can't tell Tom what we did.
We shouldn't tell Tom what we did.
Please don't tell Tom what I did.
I don't think we should tell Tom what Mary did.
Tom was a vegetarian until his doctor told him he should probably start eating meat, too.
You're partly right.
That's a valid point.
Do you know where the entrance to the park is?
I kind of agree with you.
I didn't think that Tom was going to be here.
I didn't think Tom was going to be here.
I really must leave.
I really have to leave.
I've got to leave right away.
I need to leave right away.
He has absolutely no sense of imagination.
Let's continue this discussion first thing tomorrow morning.
These are some of the pictures I took yesterday.
I went to the library this afternoon.
There's nothing wrong with taking a break once in a while.
I'm breaking in a new pair of shoes.
Someone broke into my locker.
Somebody broke into my locker.
It's not as easy to break out of jail as it looks in the movies.
When does you Christmas break start?
What did you do over spring break?
I'm glad you invited me to your party.
Can I get you to do that?
Do you think you could get Tom to do that for you?
Do you have any more tricks up your sleeve?
The woman talking to Tom is my mother.
I'll ask Tom to give me a ride.
Eat the fruit!
She wore a black hat.
I'm allergic to peanuts. If I eat them, I will die.
We'll eat.
She had a lot of fun at the party yesterday.
Why aren't you happy?
He is very happy.
Can you live without working?
It's good that you came!
Tom didn't want to listen to reason.
Freiburg is north of Basel.
Is the fish market open?
Why are you afraid of me?
Theology plays with truth like a cat with a mouse.
Please turn left at the next light.
I know who said that.
Paris is not far from Versailles.
Footballers make a lot of money.
Normally, I don't wake up before three in the afternoon.
Again to Priam's palace, and again / up to the citadel I speed my way.
He has more than enough money.
The visit to the amusement park ended in tragedy.
Tom smoked.
Armed, in the vacant courts, by Juno's fane, / Phoenix and curst Ulysses watched the prey.
You ruined my concentration!
Does your head still hurt?
Tom went to an elite boarding school.
Mary went to an elite boarding school.
Tom's parents don't have a lot of money.
Tom emerged from his slumber.
Tom sat on the tatami.
Tom ate lunch by himself.
Tom ate lunch by himself in his cubicle.
Tom ate at his desk.
Tom always eats lunch alone at his desk.
Tom helped Mary unload her bags.
Tom's eyelashes were covered in frost.
Mary spent the afternoon sunbathing on the roof.
Mary spent the afternoon sunbathing beside the pool.
I feel overwhelmed by everything I have to do.
Just what the heck is going on here?
It's time for spring cleaning!
Tom bought a vineyard in France.
Tom sat quietly at the bar.
Your account has been suspended.
Protect her from danger.
Tom lives like a hermit.
If you need any help just ask me.
Tom bought a new truck.
Is your company hiring?
Tom's favorite TV show was canceled.
Mary's favorite TV show was canceled.
Tom must be dealt with.
Tom cleaned the pool.
Is Tom still doing the same job?
Tom sings in the school chorus.
Is Tom still working that dead-end job?
Tom tried to think about something else.
Mary is a talented chef.
Tom is a talented chef.
Tom made a miraculous recovery.
Is there any wiggle room?
There, torn from many a burning temple, lay / Troy's wealth; the tripods of the Gods were there, / piled in huge heaps, and raiment snatched away, / and golden bowls, and dames with streaming hair / and tender boys stand round, and tremble with despair.
I don't understand this part. Tom, could you show me?
It's good that you were able to go to Boston with Tom.
I'm glad you were able to go to Boston with Tom.
It was an unusually warm day.
Mary is obsessed about her grades.
Tom is obsessed about his grades.
Tom is obsessed about his appearance.
I refused, of course.
And what did you do?
I didn't say I liked doing that.
I didn't say that I liked doing that.
I doubt that Tom's story is true.
I doubt Tom's story is true.
Are you able to catch a ball with one hand?
Can you catch a ball with one hand?
Is Tom able to play the harmonica?
Can Tom play the harmonica?
What instruments do you know how to play?
What musical instruments do you know how to play?
You're able to come tomorrow, aren't you?
You can come tomorrow, can't you?
You're able to dance, aren't you?
You're able to do that, aren't you?
I'm not able to dance.
What foreign languages can you speak?
What foreign languages are you able to speak?
What languages can Tom speak?
What languages are you able to speak?
Is it red?
Is Tom good at cooking?
I'd like to stay a little longer.
Is Tom good at driving?
Is it rough?
Is Tom good at swimming?
Is it small?
Does Tom know how to cook?
Is it smooth?
Does Tom know how to swim?
Can you cook well?
Does Tom know how to drive?
Is Tom a good chess player?
I don't know how to say "I'm sorry" in French.
Is Tom good at playing golf?
Is it in this room?
Does Tom know how to play golf?
Is Tom good at speaking French?
Are you good at bowling?
Tom taught me how to play tennis.
Are you good at fishing?
Does Tom know how to speak French?
Are you good at singing?
Tom is very good at playing tennis.
Are you good at swimming?
Is Tom better at swimming or skiing?
I find it easy to do that.
I can't do that and Tom can't either.
How often can you do that?
Tom can swim, but he doesn't like to.
Is your house near a lake?
I'm not good at doing that, but Tom is.
Are you good at volleyball?
Is Tom better at playing tennis or playing golf?
Is it expensive to do that?
What kinds of things do you like to do with Tom?
Does it have lots of people?
Tom was the one who taught me how to play tennis.
I can't ride a unicycle yet.
Is Tom better at speaking French or speaking English?
What sports are you good at?
This looks a lot like the watch Tom used to wear.
Tom is still using the wallet I gave him on his thirteenth birthday.
Are you and Tom dating?
That's the house I used to live in.
I'm not dating anyone right now.
That's the house where I used to live.
I'm not dating Tom!
So, are you and Tom...?
Are you and Tom dating or something?
Are you and Mary dating?
I bought an apple and an orange. I ate the apple and gave the orange to Tom.
After lunch, we went shopping.
We went shopping after lunch.
I've gone fishing many times, but I've never caught a fish.
Are you and Tom a couple?
Are you and Tom...?
We've been dating for a while.
I read the report carefully.
Tom can play the piano much better than I can.
Tom can play the piano much better than me.
I'm not busy, and Tom isn't busy, either.
I've already finished eating.
I hope I don't get lost.
Getting lost is the least of my worries.
I'm not as tall as Tom is.
I'm a lot taller than Tom.
I'm a lot taller than Tom is.
I weigh a lot more than Tom.
I weigh a lot more than Tom does.
Tom will be in the hospital for at least three weeks.
I have about three times as many books as Tom.
Tom's bedroom is much larger than mine.
I got here a little earlier than Tom.
I got here a little earlier than Tom did.
I couldn't wait any longer, so I left.
I'd like to go with you, but I can't.
I came as quickly as I could.
My piano teacher told me that I should practice at least thirty minutes a day.
My piano teacher told me I should practice at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom got off the train at the wrong station.
I got off at the wrong bus stop.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as Tom.
I wish I could play the guitar as well as Tom does.
Tom will be staying with us for three weeks.
Someone is hiding behind the curtain.
Somebody is hiding behind the curtain.
It's been raining since Monday.
Tom wants to be a carpenter when he grows up.
If you need help, I'll help you.
If you don't leave, I'm going to call the cops.
I wonder if Tom would be willing to help me with my homework.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's have picnic.
I don't think Tom will help me with my homework.
I went to bed early last night because I was really tired.
I usually get up before my parents do.
I usually get up before Tom does.
I have to finish writing this report by 2:30.
I don't think Tom would help me with my homework.
The soldiers are wearing iron helmets.
You're eating up all the bandwidth.
Anyone with a simple but good idea can become a millionaire in the diet industry.
The load of ice cream melted after the truck overturned on the highway.
The bee visited every flower on the bush.
The beekeeper loaded his truck with gallons of raw honey.
The system administrator sat in a windowless office under fluorescent lights.
The dog disliked anybody from a household that used a particular cooking oil.
Tom always had to win.
Tom makes his own herbal teas.
Tom has an incredible vocabulary.
The water here is undrinkable.
I wish you a good slumber.
I have another possibility.
I hope that you are able sleep soundly.
You cannot drink here.
We must stand in line or return tomorrow.
The examination was too difficult. Tom did not pass.
Please line up and wait like the others!
I forgot something important.
If you want to cross the street, you must wait for the light to turn green.
Tom reflected on that problem a long time.
I forgot to come.
This dog has advanced arthritis in his joints.
Mustaches are not allowed.
Tom destroyed all the bedroom furniture and replaced it with the trunk and sturdy branches of a tree. At night, he slept in the crook of tree like an ape.
Why do you dislike green tea?
Due to increasing anxiety, Tom drank coffee in the middle of the night which did not help.
Tom likes to eat garbanzo beans, but hates chickpeas -- even though they're the same food.
Tom suddenly flew to France and slapped the shopkeeper who insulted him on his honeymoon.
Tom likes to make pumpkin pies.
The soup was served in a bowl made of bread.
Tom wrestled Mary to the ground and ate the last of the cheese from her hands.
Tom threw Mary's bicycle out the window.
Mary burned all of Tom's vinyl records in the backyard.
At the sight of him, it was like he was already dead before he was really dead.
Tim took all the sentences and put them end-to-end, making his first paragraph.
The coffee here is too bitter.
Please stop eating!
Tom put a half-eaten candy bar in his underwear and then ran out of the cabin, screaming for the camp counselor.
Tom ate everything in Mary's cabinets.
The mischievous boys put dogfood around Tom's pillow in the middle of the night. Tom woke up with dogs that drooled, crunched and swallowed near his face in the dark.
She's online; what do I do?
Tom was the one computer programmer at the company who wore a kilt to work. Hence, the company directors spent most of their time plotting his perfect murder.
He's online; what do I do?
Since I'd never seen him before, I didn't recognize him.
Tom looked out the window while fantasizing about being an warlord in an exotic land.
After receiving treatment for a stomach ailment acquired while traveling overseas, Tom and Mary endured weeks of horrendous abdominal gas from the prescribed antibiotics.
I think that she is beautiful.
I think that he is handsome.
The cat sleeps.
He is talking.
How does it feel to be famous?
I did it with a heavy heart.
The more you explain it, the less I understand it.
I wonder what she's reading.
I wonder what he's reading.
I wonder what Tom is reading.
Hard work is the ticket to success.
Tom fell into his own trap.
It's a shame that so many people are sick and dying from eating the products of grass plants, namely grains and sugars.
I'd just like some peace and quiet.
On Saturdays, Tom likes to play slap bass on the balcony.
Tom is not allowed in the lab.
He is an evildoer. Are you aware of that?
Now that I know, I'll be more careful.
Tom was the worst student in the class.
Who wrote this document?
I didn't know how to tell him how much I loved him.
She was a prison guard for ten years.
Where can I buy apples?
Tell him to give it to them.
A seventh chord is composed of four notes.
The first person who ate crab must also have tried to eat a spider.
Reality is the leading cause of stress.
For fast acting relief, try slowing down.
You absolutely have to go and see this film. It's wonderful.
You absolutely have to go see this film. It's wonderful.
Hurry up! Everyone's waiting for you.
I lost my balance.
He couldn't come because of the bad weather.
The French president will visit Japan next month.
Maybe you need to have felt love to properly recognise friendship.
The case was referred to the media regulator.
The country was in a state of upheaval.
Topology is a branch of mathematics.
The election resulted in a hung parliament.
Every subgroup of an abelian group is abelian.
He pinned a carnation to his jacket.
Tom worked as a teaching assistant in a secondary school.
They were victims of a miscarriage of justice.
On the edge of the forest, the woodland animals played Nickleback loudly to discourage humans.
Tom was weak at mental arithmetic.
Tom took some paracetamol.
Tom took some ibuprofen.
You know who I came to see.
Tom ate four-tenths of a pound of grilled eggplant on the mountain summit.
I didn't understand it either.
Tom's pace on the trail was remarkable.
After Tom had landed his drone, a lawyer burst out of bushes and handed him a stack of papers.
For Tom, every day is an endless picnic.
He should be thrown in jail.
When did this accident take place?
He wasn't tired.
Your name is beautiful.
I wonder if he's really going out with Mary.
I wonder if Tom is really going out with Mary.
We both love each other.
They both love each other.
They both knew that they loved each other.
I was afraid of being hurt again.
Tom was afraid of being hurt again.
Mary was afraid of being hurt again.
The Company of the gods rejoiced at the coming of Horus, the son of Osiris, whose heart was firm, the triumphant, the son of Isis, the heir of Osiris.
They both began to cry.
He had yet to kiss her.
Everybody seemed in high spirits.
Tom seemed to be in high spirits.
They moved apart from each other.
"See how dark the clouds have become, and how the trees are tossed," she said, walking towards the window.
She found herself reading sentences twice over with an intense consciousness of many things, but not of any one thing contained in the text.
She went to the cabinet of maps and unrolled one.
The sky was heavy, and the trees had begun to shiver as at a coming storm.
There was nothing that she longed for at that moment except to see Will.
She did not move, and he came towards her with more doubt and timidity in his face than she had ever seen before. He was in a state of uncertainty which made him afraid lest some look or word of his should condemn him to a new distance from her; and Dorothea was afraid of her OWN emotion.
She looked as if there were a spell upon her, keeping her motionless and hindering her from unclasping her hands, while some intense, grave yearning was imprisoned within her eyes.
Seeing that she did not put out her hand as usual, Will paused a yard from her and said with embarrassment, "I am so grateful to you for seeing me."
"I wanted to see you," said Dorothea, having no other words at command.
He took her hand and raised it to his lips.
They stood silent, not looking at each other, but looking at the evergreens which were being tossed, and were showing the pale underside of their leaves against the blackening sky.
Will never enjoyed the prospect of a storm so much: it delivered him from the necessity of going away.
Leaves and little branches were hurled about, and the thunder was getting nearer.
The light was more and more sombre, but there came a flash of lightning which made them start and look at each other, and then smile.
"You have never felt the sort of misery I felt," said Will; "the misery of knowing that you must despise me."
While he was speaking there came a vivid flash of lightning which lit each of them up for the other—and the light seemed to be the terror of a hopeless love.
Dorothea darted instantaneously from the window; Will followed her, seizing her hand with a spasmodic movement; and so they stood, with their hands clasped, like two children, looking out on the storm, while the thunder gave a tremendous crack and roll above them, and the rain began to pour down.
Then they turned their faces towards each other and they did not loose each other's hands.
"There is no hope for me," said Will. "Even if you loved me as well as I love you - even if I were everything to you-I shall most likely always be very poor: on a sober calculation, one can count on nothing but a creeping lot. It is impossible for us ever to belong to each other. It is perhaps base of me to have asked for a word from you. I meant to go away into silence, but I have not been able to do what I meant."
Her lips trembled, and so did his.
Her lips trembled, and so did his. It was never known which lips were the first to move towards the other lips; but they kissed tremblingly, and then they moved apart.
They kissed tremblingly and then they moved apart.
The rain was dashing against the window-panes as if an angry spirit were within it.
Dorothea sat down on the seat nearest to her, a long low ottoman in the middle of the room, and with her hands folded over each other on her lap, looked at the drear outer world. Will stood still an instant looking at her, then seated himself beside her, and laid his hand on hers, which turned itself upward to be clasped.
At last he turned, still resting against the chair, and stretching his hand automatically towards his hat, said with a sort of exasperation, "Good-by." "Oh, I cannot bear it - my heart will break," said Dorothea, starting from her seat, the flood of her young passion bearing down all the obstructions which had kept her silent - the great tears rising and falling in an instant: "I don't mind about poverty-I hate my wealth."
We could live quite well on my own fortune - it is too much - seven hundred a-year - I want so little - no new clothes - and I will learn what everything costs.
Tom got stood up.
She did that on purpose.
I was completely taken aback.
Dorothea herself had no dreams of being praised above other women, feeling that there was always something better which she might have done, if she had only been better and known better.
She never repented that she had given up position and fortune to marry Will Ladislaw.
They were bound to each other by a love stronger than any impulses which could have marred it.
No life would have been possible to Dorothea which was not filled with emotion.
A letter had come to Celia which made her cry silently as she read it.
Where women love each other, men learn to smother their mutual dislike.
Sir James never ceased to regard Dorothea's second marriage as a mistake.
There is no creature whose inward being is so strong that it is not greatly determined by what lies outside it.
The growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
Angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
Her hand and wrist were so finely formed that she could wear sleeves not less bare of style than those in which the Blessed Virgin appeared to Italian painters.
Her profile as well as her stature and bearing seemed to gain the more dignity from her plain garments.
Dorothea knew many passages of Pascal's Pensées by heart.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning; but give me the man who has pluck to fight when he's sure of losing.
Tom and Mary went to the aquarium together.
You guys look like you're having fun.
We met a lot of friends.
I miss bookstores.
Tom's favorite TV show has been canceled.
Tom helped Mary pack her suitcase.
Tom carried Mary's suitcase up to the guest room.
The rise in ticket prices was ostensibly to pay for improvements to the service.
Phone chargers should be built into everything.
I'm not dating anybody right now.
It's time for spring cleaning.
It's time to do some spring cleaning.
You've ruined my concentration.
Tom has more than enough money to buy everything he needs.
Lawyers make a lot of money.
Who turned off the lights?
I'm afraid to tell the truth.
Slow down! Eat slowly.
You are guest seventy-three.
There must have been a unique combination of circumstances that mysteriously caused a vast improvement in his health.
If you don't go, I won't either.
She cannot come here tomorrow.
I think that it's going to be a good day.
Tom thinks that I'm stupid.
You're younger than the rest of us here.
I'm not as weary as I was in the weeks before.
Shoot, I missed the open mic night.
Why are madmen, the creative geniuses behind anything new and novel, quickly eliminated when their inventions and art become commercialized?
Sitting on a rock on the beach and watching the sunset is my idea of serenity!
You fell from the sky?
Tom was invited, but he didn't come.
Tom looks young, doesn't he?
Tom did everything I told him to.
Those aren't my shoes.
My parents wouldn't allow me to do that when I was younger.
It was overcast yesterday.
I've been really busy.
I took Tom to see the doctor.
I invited Tom, but he didn't come.
I finally found a pair of shoes that fit.
Have you been enjoying your stay in Boston?
Do you by any chance know where Tom is?
Could I get a receipt?
Believe me, plants will defend themselves.
No one could answer my questions.
Nobody could answer my questions.
I don't think that's a reasonable request.
Was Tom absent from school yesterday?
Please come to see me when you have time.
We enjoyed ourselves at Tom's party.
Please remember to call Tom at 2:30.
I think Tom will be here before long.
I had one more question I was planning to ask, but I forgot to.
Tom said I could sit wherever I liked.
Tom said I could sit anywhere I liked.
I offered Tom some money, but he wouldn't take it.
I expect Tom to be here tomorrow.
I hope that I don't regret doing this.
I think what Tom said was true.
When Tom got home, he found his parents sitting on the porch waiting for him.
I have no objection to you doing that.
Let's rest here until Tom catches up with us.
Let's rest here till Tom catches up with us.
Tom got here just in time.
Tom got here just in time for dinner.
Tom got to the station in time to catch the train he wanted to catch.
These are the only books I have.
Tom said he'd do what he could for Mary.
Tom lives in the apartment building on the other side of this park.
Tom gave Mary an envelope that he wanted her to give to John.
Let me know what time you want me there.
Let me know what time you plan to be here.
It was dark by the time I got home.
If I were you, I'd do what Tom suggested.
I went fishing with Tom last weekend.
I need to finish this work before it gets dark.
I don't know either of Tom's parents.
I asked Tom what he'd done.
Do you remember where we first met each other?
You'd better do what your father told you to do.
Tom isn't the kind of person who'd lie to you.
I wasn't able to understand what Tom was trying to say.
I wasn't able to understand Tom.
I had pizza for lunch, so I'd like to have something other than pizza for dinner.
The cathedral is half a millennium old.
This typewriter has been used a lot.
I highly recommend that you do that today.
Just make sure you get this done by Monday.
It's going to take me a long time to get used to living here.
What's the most interesting job you've ever had?
It seems that no matter where we go, we always seem to bump into each other. It's like our fates are intertwined.
The weather will alternate back and forth from sunny to cloudy tomorrow.
You guys know me.
Have you found an apartment yet?
Have you found someplace to live?
I'd like to find a job in Boston.
I'm going to Boston next week for a job interview.
I hope I have an opportunity to meet Tom when I'm in Boston.
This is the hat that Tom gave me.
This is the hat that I got from Tom.
Dance with him!
Come on, dance with me!
I like dancing with Maria.
If you always do what you always did, you always get what you always got.
Let me put it this way.
You know best.
I'm sorry for missing your call, Tom.
We're all looking forward to the concert.
My familiarity with Esperanto allowed me to more deeply understand the structure and function of language.
There is a cat under the table.
Tom gained one hundred pounds after drinking five milkshakes a day for a year.
Mary smashed Tom's favorite coffee mug with a meat tenderizer.
They are not coming back for another year.
She is not coming back until next year.
Tom and Mary went hiking. Mary pooped behind a bush on the trail.
He is coming back this time next year.
Tom kissed a potato. Then he made the best potato salad ever.
Tom ate a whole jar of pickles.
"Tom, don't point with your pickle when you talk," said Mary.
Make room in the back.
Are carbohydrates the next tobacco?
After leaving the office, he went to the restaurant.
Do you want to go to the movies with me? Or have you already planned something?
Rarely do I not like listening in on conversations in public. But this is one of them.
The dye job on her hair looked like she was dipped in a barrel of toxic chemicals.
The cafe is cash-only.
Tom read half an article on the new tax laws, but can pontificate on them for hours.
Tom can't stand to be indoors.
Tom likes to sleep in the trees.
A tiny bird became Tom's best friend.
The bird fluttered its wings.
The hawk cried out as the crows badgered it away from their nest.
The sun returned.
The dog's bark pierced the silence of the afternoon.
Tom likes to eat macadamia bread instead of regular bread.
Tom overhead two women talking.
The bus driver is not happy with you.
Tom got kicked off the bus.
Tom was ready to fight.
Tom paid for Mary's forehead tattoo.
Tom hates to sit inside movie theaters.
The cat jumped on the keyboard and accidentally deleted Tom's novel in progress.
"I'm your best customer!" said Tom. "No, you're our worst," replied Mary.
Tom started growing a new organ that absorbed all coffee he was drinking.
Tom's head is completely hairless due to an illness.
Mexico is winning the match.
He was a lucky man.
French speakers find it easy to learn Spanish.
Spanish speakers can learn Italian easily.
Everything I say is true.
Do not question me.
I'm not disgusted.
The wound is festering with a bacterial infection.
Tom was severely injured in an ultralight flying accident.
Tom waited patiently for his meal to arrive.
I thought he was going to kiss me.
I hope you're not mad.
Forty-three years later, Tom finally learned Spanish.
"Mary, my shit and the best meatloaf seem to indistinguishable -- by smell that is," said Tom.
Don't call the pancakes. Call them "death-cakes". The carbs!
The sun is on fire!
What can't bacteria do?
Name one thing I'm good at.
You guys know who I am, don't you?
Tom took a personality quiz out of one of Mary's magazines.
This house is a gluten-free zone.
Tom isn't allowed in the lab.
You can't drink here.
I expect Tom to be here tonight.
I think it's impossible for us to do that today.
We had a fantastic holiday in Australia.
I thought that Tom was rich.
I thought Tom was rich.
I have three times as many books as you do.
We'll meet there.
I have the same number of books as Tom has.
I have as many books as Tom does.
I've been to Boston one time.
What is the name of this cheese?
What breed is your dog?
I haven't left yet.
Take your shoes off before you enter.
Where did you find those shoes?
I like your eye shadow.
Yesterday was a sad day.
Why do you always say that?
They're all excited to see you.
It's different for me.
Batter up!
We need a pitcher, not a belly-itcher.
I play outfield.
Good catch!
Keep your eye on the ball. Bend your knees.
Practice good tackling.
Monday rolled into town on a rickety old bicycle.
I think a Viking was working at the breakfast cafe in Bruges.
Take a left at the bank.
We'll get out here.
Dust yourself off.
Where are your boots?
Can you tuck me in?
Tell me another story.
Where is your teddy bear?
Do you want a sip?
Here, take a taste.
Taste it.
The pillow exploded in the washing machine.
He gorges himself on pizza and then throws up at night in his bed.
Please make it short and sweet.
I can't stop my mind.
Hiking is good for the soul.
Why are you watching the clock?
Tom daydreams all day long.
Shoes untied? Entropy!
Don't eat icicles.
The garage started on fire.
Do you want another piece of pie?
There's someone waiting for us outside.
There's somebody waiting for us outside.
No one would help us do that.
Nobody would help us do that.
No one has told us anything.
Nobody has told us anything.
No one ever tells us anything.
Nobody ever tells us anything.
No one can stop you.
Is it tomorrow you're going to do that?
Is it tomorrow that you're going to do that?
Is it OK if I take pictures?
May I take pictures?
Is it OK if I stay a little longer?
May I stay a little longer?
Is it OK if I put this here?
May I put this here?
Is it OK if I pay by check?
Is it OK if I park here?
May I park here?
Is it OK if I help Tom do that?
Is it all right if I help Tom do that?
Is it OK if I don't come here tomorrow?
Is it all right if I don't come here tomorrow?
Is it OK if I ask Tom to help me?
May I ask Tom to help me?
Is it next week you're going to do that?
Is it next week that you're going to do that?
Is it next Monday you're going to do that?
Is it next Monday that you're going to do that?
Is it all right if I take pictures?
Is it all right if I stay a little longer?
Is it all right if I put this here?
Is it all right if I pay by check?
Is it all right if I park here?
Is it all right if I go home now?
Is it all right if I ask Tom to help me?
Everyone wanted us to do that.
Everybody wanted us to do that.
Everyone hates you.
Everybody hates you.
Did anyone hear you?
Did anybody hear you?
Did anyone call you?
Did anybody call you?
Could someone give us a hand?
Could somebody give us a hand?
Can you come here tomorrow?
Are you able to come here tomorrow?
Are you sure you can visit me tomorrow?
Are you sure that you can visit me tomorrow?
Are you sure you can find your way home?
Are you sure that you can find your way home?
Are you sure you can do this by yourself?
Are you sure that you can do this by yourself?
Are you sure Tom will come?
Are you sure that Tom will come?
Are you positive Tom will do that?
Are you positive that Tom will do that?
Are you convinced Tom will do that?
Are you convinced that Tom will do that?
Are you certain that Tom will do that?
Are you absolutely sure Tom will do that?
Are you absolutely sure that Tom will do that?
Is Tom eager to do that?
I like steak.
Was Tom forced to do that?
I like garlic.
Is Tom prepared to do that?
I like grapes.
Who's younger, Tom or Mary?
I like onions.
Is Tom qualified to do that?
I like pepper.
Who's friendlier, Tom or Mary?
I like prunes.
Are you and Tom coming tomorrow?
I like rowing.
Tom is good at drawing pictures.
I like salami.
Is Tom supposed to be doing that?
I like salmon.
Tom is good at making hamburgers.
Do you like fishing?
I'll do anything I can do for Tom.
I'm afraid I disagree.
Who's better looking, Tom or Mary?
I'd like to buy a house.
In my opinion Tom is a good driver.
Mary drove her motorcycle back and forth over Tom's painted miniatures.
It has a one in a million chance.
I could give one thousand reasons why we should do this.
There are lots of reasons why we should do that.
Could you tell me the reasons why you did that?
Could you tell me why you did that?
What were your reasons for doing that?
Were you here yesterday?
Are you and Tom coming to the party?
Are you eager to do that?
Who's better at French, Tom or Mary?
I'll be thirty next week.
I'll be gone by the time Tom gets back.
I'll bring it right away.
All you and Tom ever talk about is work.
I'll come if I have time.
Aren't you and Tom still living in Boston?
I'll let you handle that.
Don't you think that Tom is a good driver?
I'll let you handle this.
Are you and Tom coming to the party tonight?
I'll meet you in an hour.
Who's easier to get along with, Tom or Mary?
Please come see us again.
"Can you play soccer?" "No, but I can play baseball."
"Can you speak French?" "No, but I can speak English and German."
"Are you good at bowling?" "Yes. I think I'm fairly good at bowling."
"Do you know how to speak French?" "No, but I can speak English and German."
He promised me richness and happyness.
Promise you won't laugh.
Promise that you won't laugh.
I don't have any money now.
I don't have enough money now.
We're trying to solve that problem right now.
Have you gotten over your cold?
Have you gotten used to living here?
Everything is complicated.
This may be our last conversation.
This may be the last time that you and I talk to each other.
I need this more than Tom does.
I prefer to travel alone.
I enjoy riding my bicycle.
I'll come earlier tomorrow.
Do you like Francis?
Tom threw away all the old newspapers that were in the attic.
Tom is currently on vacation.
Tom is a religious fanatic.
We need to ask Tom for permission.
Tom bought a ticket for Mary.
Tom guessed the right answer.
Tom doesn't have to come here anymore.
Help Tom to load the truck.
Let's analyze the facts.
I tried to persuade Tom, but I couldn't.
I tried to persuade Tom to do that, but I couldn't.
I don't think you'll be able to persuade Tom to do that.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere today.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere with you.
Tom knew that he'd done something wrong.
Tom knew he'd done something wrong.
Tom spoke louder than usual.
Tom was speaking faster than usual.
Tom will spend Christmas Eve with his family.
Tom saw Mary stealing money from the cash register.
Tom tried to talk to Mary, but she didn't want to talk to him.
Tom won't come, and Mary won't either.
I shout, and through the darkness shout again, / rousing the streets, and call and call anew / "Creusa", and "Creusa", but in vain.
Do you guys like Tom?
Do you guys think I'm fat?
From house to house in frenzy as I flew, / a melancholy spectre rose in view, / Creusa's very image; ay, 'twas there, / but larger than the living form I knew.
I drank beer from a plastic cup.
I drank beer out of a plastic cup.
Aghast I stood, tongue-tied, with stiffening hair.
Don't all speak at once.
Boston is Tom's longtime home.
Then she addressed me thus, and comforted my care. / "What boots this idle passion? Why so fain / sweet husband, thus to sorrow and repine?"
Just so you know: no one feels sorry for you.
It would take forever to explain everything.
Only an early death grants eternal youth.
You can't be mad at me forever.
You're the love of my life, and you will be forever.
"Naught happens here but as the Gods ordain. / It may not be, nor doth the Lord divine / of high Olympus nor the Fates design / that thou should'st take Creusa."
I consider him dumb because it takes him forever to understand.
The origin of this word is unknown.
Human knowledge is limited.
He came in spite of the heavy snowfall.
They were late because of the storm.
I can hardly sleep at night.
The patient's condition worsened.
That was the solution to the problem.
We lost the thread of the conversation.
Adaptation is the secret of survival.
He boarded the airplane.
I doubt the accuracy of the report.
Tom helped to extinguish the fire.
Maria answers the teacher's question.
"Seas remain / to plough, long years of exile must be thine, / ere thou at length Hesperia's land shalt gain, / where Lydian Tiber glides through many a peopled plain."
Don't thaw the pizza before baking it.
Tom set the pizzas down on the table.
The pizza smelled too good to resist.
The pizza saver is a small piece of plastic which prevents the pizza from sticking to the top of the cardboard box.
You've never been to Boston before, have you?
Tom helped us extinguish the fire.
Tom helped put out the fire.
Tom helped us put out the fire.
Tom answered the teacher's questions.
Tom couldn't answer all the questions.
"Wide rule and happy days await thee there, / and royal marriage shall thy portion be. / Weep not for lov'd Creusa, weep not."
Shut your beak!
Judit's pronunciation of German is fantastic.
On first use, run cold water through the coffee machine one or two times.
Tom's new bicycle is metallic red.
Tom became a vegan after seeing others get sick from poor diets.
Would you like another glass of ice tea?
Do you want lemon?
Squeeze a little lemon on your fish.
The new coffee maker is faster than the old one.
How many laps did you run?
What is your favorite cheese?
More women than men suffer from autoimmune diseases.
Does my dog look fat to you?
It's a sad day where pets are on diets and children go starving.
Tom composed sentences like a master craftsman building furniture for a king.
This is the first I've heard of this.
When Tom was in the first grade, he would pick buttercup flowers and give them to girls.
"I've never met a member of that group who wasn't a terrible person." "How would you know? Maybe you met some who were good people, but they just didn't tell you they were part of the group."
How can you possibly believe collective punishment is a good idea?
The division of humanity into genetic "races" based on skin color is a social construct. A black African may genetically have more in common (excluding skin color) with a white European than with another black African. Furthermore, social attitudes as to which skin colors are "white" or "black" can vary from culture to culture. A "black" person in one society may be a "white" person in another.
In the course of history, many humans have believed that those who did not share their skin color, language, or religion belonged to different "races". The question of which of these factors are relevant in determining the "blood" of an individual is arbitrary and can vary widely depending on the ideology. According to some, "whites" have the same "blood", regardless of language. According to others, those who share the same skin color can have different "bloods" if they speak different languages or belong to different religions. Humans have always tried to find reasons to hate one another, and perhaps will continue to do so until the human race is no more.
That's why you're not here.
If someone tells the truth, give him a horse. He will need it to escape.
If someone tells the truth, give him a horse. He'll need it to escape.
Skin color, language, and religion are not indications of "race".
Skin-color-, language-, and religion-based "races" are nonsense.
The notion that humans can be divided into distinct genetic races according to their skin color, language, or religion is nonsense.
Denouncing bigotry is important, but so is fighting the social problems that lead to negative attitudes in the first place.
There is a class of misguided individuals who devote themselves to preventing emotional offense rather than solving physical problems.
There are two types of political correctness which are often conflated and which should be distinguished. There is the political correctness of language, which holds that certain groups should not be referred to by certain words with negative connotations (e.g., ethnic slurs), and there is the political correctness of ideas, which holds that certain ideas should not be discussed. The former is arguably commendable; the latter is harmful.
There is no freedom of religion in this country.
There is freedom of religion in this country.
Is there freedom of religion in this country?
Go die in a fire.
Nature is violent. Humans are violent because they are part of nature.
There is no political correctness in this country.
What do you think about PC culture?
Is PC culture good or bad?
Is this a free country, or isn't it?
Is this a free country?
What do you think about Esperanto?
Why do you hate Esperanto so much?
Why do you love Esperanto so much?
Esperanto is a waste of time.
Esperanto is a huge waste of time.
Every minute I spend thinking about some insignificant controversy is a minute I'm not learning something useful.
Forming an opinion about every single little controversy (political or otherwise) is a waste of time.
Imagine how great your life would be if you stopped procrastinating.
If I stopped procrastinating, my life would be amazing.
Do you think I still play with dolls?
The only reason my life is so mediocre is because I can't stop procrastinating.
People suck.
People are horrible.
I don't like people.
I don't like people — by which I mean I despise everyone who doesn't think exactly the way I do.
Look at the bright side: it could be worse.
I dislike people.
Skin colors, languages, and religions are not races.
Skin colors, languages, and religions are not racial groupings.
Skin colors, languages, and religions are not genetic groupings.
Reading is important. If you know how to read, then the whole world opens up to you.
The Iran deal is defective at its core.
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants. We were strangers once, too.
There has been enough suffering, death and destruction. Let it end now.
That's the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want.
My beloved is crying.
Does he drink coffee?
"Ne'er / to Grecian women shall I bow the knee, / never in Argos see captivity, / I, who my lineage from the Dardans tell, / allied to Venus."
The cooking smells good.
This cod brand is too garlicky.
They spoke for more than three hours.
We washed our feet.
How many times have you travelled abroad?
Dw i'n dilyn y car hwn.
I've not slept for some nights.
You're watching a film.
We're washing ourselves.
Marie had gone back to hers.
Tom had worked.
What have you been thinking about for so long?
Do you want to have a drink?
I need to start again from zero.
I'm not going out in this weather.
Tom can't climb down from the tree.
Tom had to shit, but he went shopping anyway.
I can't concentrate with that racket.
Tom went to the racetrack.
Bruno wants to know what holds the world together at its core.
"Now, by Fate's decree, / here with the mother of the Gods I dwell."
"Farewell, and guard in love our common child. Farewell!"
So spake she, and with weeping eyes I yearned / to answer, wondering at the words she said, / when lo, the shadowy spirit, as I turned, / dissolved in air, and in a moment fled.
Thrice round the neck with longing I essayed / to clasp the phantom in a wild delight; / thrice, vainly clasped, the visionary shade / mocked me embracing, and was lost to sight, / swift as a winged wind or slumber of the night.
How many laps did you swim?
Remove the pizza from packaging before baking.
Have you changed your mind about becoming a pilot?
You're very shy, aren't you?
You're upset, aren't you?
You're up early, aren't you?
You're Tom's brother, aren't you?
You're talented, aren't you?
You're stalling, aren't you?
You're smart, aren't you?
You're single, aren't you?
You're sad, aren't you?
You're really picky, aren't you?
You're ready, aren't you?
You're psychic, aren't you?
You're prepared, aren't you?
You're plastered, aren't you?
You're patient, aren't you?
You're OK, aren't you?
You're next, aren't you?
You're my friend, aren't you?
You're motivated, aren't you?
You're mad, aren't you?
You're late, aren't you?
You're innocent, aren't you?
You're in love, aren't you?
You're forgetful, aren't you?
You're exhausted, aren't you?
You're drunk, aren't you?
You're done, aren't you?
You're done here, aren't you?
You're bluffing, aren't you?
You're an adult, aren't you?
You're all right, aren't you?
You're all crazy, aren't you?
You're all alone, aren't you?
You're about my age, aren't you?
You're a student, aren't you?
You're a lot like Tom, aren't you?
You're a dreamer, aren't you?
I've lost all respect for you.
It was hot, so I took off my coat.
I thought Tom was one of your friends.
I thought Tom was a friend of yours.
Isn't Tom one of your friends?
Tom learns Spanish quickly after his third attempt.
Tom practices defensive programming to prevent bugs.
Doing that would be a huge waste of time.
The user must explicitly enter a value into this field.
Back to my friends I haste.
There, behold, / matrons and men, a miserable band, / gathered for exile.
From each side they shoaled, / resolved and ready over sea and land / my steps to follow, where the Fates command.
I don't know if I really understood you.
I should try this electric razor before buying it.
Take the water, in case you want to drink.
You sharpened the knives.
Can you explain what do you want actually?
Now over Ida shone the day-star bright; / Greeks swarmed at every entrance; help at hand / seemed none. I yield, and, hurrying from the fight, / take up my helpless sire, and climb the mountain height.
When pigs fly.
Why can't you just leave me alone?
Why can't you all just leave me alone?
Having loved ones and support for your hopes and dreams is the key to happiness.
With a scornful smile on his face, the soldier stood there and looked at the approaching enemy, abiding his doom.
To your health and better days!
I saw a big black spider.
You aren't superstitious by any chance?
I was buying food from the market.
I don't want to use your computer!
I won't tell you anything more about it.
Don't be so hard on yourself!
The friend I wanted to go on vacation with is in this train.
The train I wanted to take has already left.
My brother is twice as heavy as me.
Have you already gone to the Oktoberfest in Munich?
The friends that we have lost are not resting in the earth, they are buried in our heart, and it's God who wanted it that way so that we would always be accompanied.
I don't have anything special to say on this matter.
You're looking at yourself.
The Moon isn't a planet, but a satellite of the Earth.
Urinating in public areas is forbidden.
Who wrote that pop song?
What happened to all the peanut butter?
Do you listen to podcasts?
Will you stop?
I keep forgetting to cut my toe nails.
This show is cheesy.
Where did they find the writers to work on this show?
We're back in ninety seconds.
Tom approves of this message.
Tom wants to be a fancy person.
We're dealing with major problems in this city.
Let's invent a fictional emergency and then make a lot of money off the taxpayers.
Tom rides his bicycle on the sidewalk.
To battle for something in life without leaving scorched earth behind you is a priceless deed.
I'm a fatalist.
Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
I'm a new employee at Microsoft.
I'm a new employee with Microsoft.
I think you weren't convincing enough.
Do you believe what Tom said?
My brother died of cancer.
Don't eat my food while I'm gone.
I've been listening to you.
You guys aren't young.
"I hope we won't be late." "Fingers crossed!"
We chose a hotel close to the museums.
Tom earns more money per hour than I do per week.
Do you know whose parents they are?
Don't come it with me.
"Look over there, daddy, a shark!" "That's a whale, Tom."
Mary abuses her political power.
Tom abused his bodily power several times.
Do understand, Mrs. Smith, we must encourage the children, and not dishearten them.
I'm worried he'll get lost.
Why don't we ask?
Why don't we go to the picnic?
Why don't we go to the cinema?
Why don't we go talk to Tom?
Tom likes to overstate things.
Tom was an underachieving student.
Tom has been an underachiever all his life.
Tom went through a lot of hardship.
Tom has been mistreated all his life.
Boston is boring.
Tom works at a local restaurant.
Money can't buy you class.
Tom and Mary were neck and neck.
Tom lagged behind.
All my friends are doing it.
But, Mom, all my friends are doing it.
If your friends jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?
Tom earns more money in an hour than I do in a week.
Tom uses the flashlight app on his cellphone at night to pick up his dog's poop.
Tom could smell the wet dog across the room.
Tom accidentally dropped his bicycle down the stairs.
This house could really use a thorough cleaning.
It takes approximately 10,hours of study to acquire a language thoroughly.
The thorough acquisition of a language requires about 10,hours of study.
You're not well, are you?
You aren't well, are you?
You're not dying, are you?
You aren't dying, are you?
You're not dead, are you?
You aren't dead, are you?
You're not alone, are you?
You aren't alone, are you?
Tom isn't as old as you, is he?
Tom isn't as old as you are, is he?
Tom isn't as impatient as Mary, is he?
Tom isn't as impatient as Mary is, is he?
No one followed you.
Nobody followed you.
No one can save you.
Nobody can save you.
No one can beat you.
Nobody can beat you.
Nobody believes you.
Have you ever hit someone?
Have you ever hit somebody?
Do you think college graduates are smarter than people who didn't go to college?
Do you think that college graduates are smarter than people who didn't go to college?
Tom is never going to be able to do that without our help, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to do that without help, is he?
Tom is never going to let you go to Boston with Mary, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to keep this a secret, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to do that by himself, is he?
Tom is never going to permit Mary to do that again, is he?
Tom is never going to permit you to do that again, is he?
Tom is never going to forgive Mary for doing that, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to do it by himself, is he?
Tom is never going to allow Mary to do that again, is he?
Tom is never going to allow you to do that again, is he?
Tom is never going to get the chance to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to forgive me for doing that, is he?
Tom isn't very likely to be at tonight's party, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to do that again, is he?
Tom is still not sure why he needs to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to admit that he was wrong, is he?
Tom is never going to pay me what he owes me, is he?
Tom is still not sure what needs to be done, is he?
Tom is never going to stop needing our help, is he?
Tom is never going to permit you to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to let you do that again, is he?
Tom is never going to admit that he's wrong, is he?
Tom isn't an easy person to get along with, is he?
Tom is never going to let Mary talk to you, is he?
Tom is never going to learn how to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to allow you to do that, is he?
Tom isn't much older than Mary's daughter, is he?
Tom is still not sure what should be done, is he?
Tom is still not sure what he ought to do, is he?
Tom is still not sure what he needs to do, is he?
Tom is still not sure what has to be done, is he?
Tom isn't very likely to want to do that, is he?
Tom is still not very good at doing that, is he?
Tom is still not allowed to talk to Mary, is he?
Tom is never going to be able to do that, is he?
Tom is still not sure why that happened, is he?
Tom is still not sure what he should do, is he?
Tom is still not sure what he has to do, is he?
Tom is never going to tell us the truth, is he?
Tom is never going to go back to Boston, is he?
Tom is never going to get out of prison, is he?
Tom isn't going to be happy about this, is he?
Tom isn't as well off as he used to be, is he?
Tom is still not very good at swimming, is he?
Tom is still not allowed to visit Mary, is he?
Tom is never where he's supposed to be, is he?
Tom is never going to let me forget it, is he?
Tom is never going to get away with it, is he?
Tom is never going to agree to do that, is he?
Tom is still not very good at driving, is he?
Tom is still not completely satisfied, is he?
Tom is still not completely convinced, is he?
Tom is never going to understand this, is he?
Tom is never going to make it on time, is he?
Tom is never going to let you do that, is he?
Tom is never going to have to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to come here again, is he?
Tom is never going to allow you to go, is he?
Tom isn't likely to agree to do that, is he?
Tom is still not very good at French, is he?
Tom is still not finished doing that, is he?
Tom isn't very good with chopsticks, is he?
Tom isn't so easy to get along with, is he?
Tom isn't happy about the situation, is he?
Tom is still not entirely satisfied, is he?
Tom is still not allowed to do that, is he?
Tom is never going to let you drive, is he?
Tom is never going to agree to that, is he?
Tom isn't anticipating any trouble, is he?
Tom isn't afraid to speak his mind, is he?
Tom is still not very good at golf, is he?
Tom is never late for appointments, is he?
Tom is never going to leave Boston, is he?
Tom is never getting out of prison, is he?
Tom isn't good at keeping secrets, is he?
Tom isn't exactly the 9-to-type, is he?
Tom isn't at all like his brother, is he?
Tom isn't as shy as he used to be, is he?
Tom is never going to be forgiven, is he?
Tom isn't that different from us, is he?
Tom isn't like that all the time, is he?
Tom isn't interested in politics, is he?
Tom is still not talking to Mary, is he?
Tom is still not sure what to do, is he?
Tom is still not able to do that, is he?
Tom is never here in the morning, is he?
Tom is never going to walk again, is he?
Tom is never going to forgive me, is he?
Tom is never going to let you go to Boston by yourself, is he?
Tom is still not ready to leave, is he?
Tom is never going to let me go, is he?
Tom is never going to find Mary, is he?
Tom is never afraid of anything, is he?
Tom isn't really in Boston now, is he?
Tom isn't much older than I am, is he?
Tom isn't going to let Mary go, is he?
Tom isn't going to forget that, is he?
Tom isn't about to give up now, is he?
Tom is still not over his cold, is he?
Tom is never late for anything, is he?
Tom is never going to recover, is he?
Tom is never going to make it, is he?
Tom is never going to give up, is he?
Tom is never going to find it, is he?
Tom is never going to do that, is he?
Tom isn't much older than me, is he?
Tom isn't as patient as Mary, is he?
Tom isn't allowed to do that, is he?
Tom is still not ready to go, is he?
Tom is never late for school, is he?
Tom isn't who he says he is, is he?
Tom isn't likely to do that, is he?
Tom isn't afraid of heights, is he?
Tom is never late for class, is he?
Tom is never here on Monday, is he?
Tom is never going to agree, is he?
Tom isn't yet able to swim, is he?
Tom isn't like his brother, is he?
Tom isn't happy to be here, is he?
Tom isn't happy about this, is he?
Tom is still not satisfied, is he?
Tom is still not convinced, is he?
Tom is never late for work, is he?
Tom is never going to quit, is he?
Tom isn't like the others, is he?
Tom isn't happy with this, is he?
Tom isn't as tall as Mary, is he?
Tom is still not finished, is he?
Tom is never going to win, is he?
Tom is almost never wrong, is he?
Tom isn't in his bedroom, is he?
Tom isn't home right now, is he?
Tom isn't happy about it, is he?
Tom isn't as fat as I am, is he?
Tom is almost never late, is he?
Tom is almost never home, is he?
Tom isn't to be trusted, is he?
Tom isn't likely to win, is he?
Tom isn't likely to cry, is he?
Tom is never in a hurry, is he?
Tom isn't able to swim, is he?
Tom is still not ready, is he?
Tom is never satisfied, is he?
Tom isn't very hungry, is he?
Tom isn't often wrong, is he?
Tom isn't mad at Mary, is he?
Tom isn't good enough, is he?
Tom isn't fast enough, is he?
Tom isn't always busy, is he?
Tom is still not sure, is he?
Tom is still not safe, is he?
Tom is still not home, is he?
Tom is still not here, is he?
Tom is still not back, is he?
Tom isn't very funny, is he?
Tom isn't old enough, is he?
Tom isn't interested, is he?
Tom is never on time, is he?
Tom isn't so bright, is he?
Tom isn't religious, is he?
Tom is never around, is he?
Tom isn't here now, is he?
Tom is never wrong, is he?
Tom is in no hurry, is he?
Tom isn't so sure, is he?
Tom is never late, is he?
Tom isn't famous, is he?
Tom isn't crying, is he?
Tom isn't coming, is he?
Tom isn't afraid, is he?
Tom isn't happy, is he?
Tom isn't dead, is he?
Tom isn't in, is he?
You're not kidding, are you?
You're not Tom, are you?
You're not poor, are you?
You're not sick, are you?
Tom is planning on entering the competition, isn't he?
Tom is quite often late for school, isn't he?
What foreign languages do you know?
Tom is three years younger than you, isn't he?
What foods do you know how to cook?
Was your high school coeducational?
Tom is quite good at skateboarding, isn't he?
Was your high school a good school?
Tom is quite a bit older than Mary, isn't he?
Please tell us when dinner's ready.
Tom is your older daughter's son, isn't he?
Neither of us is good at swimming.
Tom is quite a bit older than me, isn't he?
I'll be waiting for you over there.
Tom is your sister's ex-husband, isn't he?
I'll be thirty years old next year.
Tom is your neighbor's grandson, isn't he?
I'll be right back with your order.
Tom is quite good at doing that, isn't he?
I went to bed last night at eleven.
Tom is getting married tomorrow, isn't he?
Do you like the color of your room?
Tom is worried about something, isn't he?
Do you know how to ride a unicycle?
Tom is really good at swimming, isn't he?
Do you consider yourself religious?
Tom is likely to be suspicious, isn't he?
Can you come to my house on Monday?
Tom is likely to be supportive, isn't he?
Ask Tom where he went last Monday.
Tom is likely to be interested, isn't he?
Am I supposed to do this by myself?
Tom is likely to be eating now, isn't he?
Am I required to do this by myself?
Tom is likely going to do that, isn't he?
You've been careless, haven't you?
Tom is likely going to be late, isn't he?
You and I have got to stay together.
Tom is likely going to be home, isn't he?
What foods are you good at cooking?
What food are you best at cooking?
Tom is likely going to be busy, isn't he?
I'll cook dinner tomorrow evening.
Tom is likely eating right now, isn't he?
How often are you able to do that?
Tom is likely be busy tomorrow, isn't he?
Have you ever been married before?
What do you and Tom usually fight about?
Have you ever been engaged before?
Tom is your son's best friend, isn't he?
Did you watch the news last night?
Tom is your saxophone teacher, isn't he?
Can your mother speak French, too?
Tom is your neighbor's nephew, isn't he?
Are you supposed to be doing that?
Tom is your aunt's ex-husband, isn't he?
Am I obliged to do this by myself?
Tom is likely to wait for you, isn't he?
You've been unlucky, haven't you?
Tom is likely to get homesick, isn't he?
What kind of wedding do you want?
Tom is likely to do that soon, isn't he?
Was your home expensive to build?
Tom is likely to come by taxi, isn't he?
Can you come to my house tonight?
Tom is likely to be surprised, isn't he?
Are your parents easy to talk to?
Tom is likely to be irritated, isn't he?
That almost happened to us, too.
Tom is likely to be home soon, isn't he?
Thanks for telling us the truth.
Tom is likely to be back soon, isn't he?
Thanks for letting us stay here.
Tom is likely to be awake now, isn't he?
Tell us exactly what's going on.
Tom is doing what we've asked, isn't he?
I'll call back in a few minutes.
Tom is a good friend to yours, isn't he?
I usually go shopping by myself.
Tom is your mother's brother, isn't he?
Have you served in the military?
Tom is quite good at cooking, isn't he?
Both of us can swim fairly well.
Tom is pretty good at tennis, isn't he?
Are you taller than your father?
Tom is likely to wait for us, isn't he?
Are you still reading that book?
Tom is likely to still be up, isn't he?
What's in the trunk of your car?
Tom is likely to be stubborn, isn't he?
What foods can't you cook well?
Tom is likely to be prepared, isn't he?
That didn't surprise us at all.
Tom is likely to be arrested, isn't he?
Please tell us about your trip.
Tom is twice as old as I am, isn't he?
Please give us one more chance.
Tom is trying to save money, isn't he?
My favorite subject is science.
Tom is trying to find a job, isn't he?
Tom is trying to avoid Mary, isn't he?
Is Boston a nice place to live?
Tom is traveling by himself, isn't he?
How long is your daily commute?
Tom is too young to do that, isn't he?
How do you spend your days off?
Tom is too small to do that, isn't he?
How do you feel about adoption?
Tom is too short to do that, isn't he?
Did you visit Boston last year?
Tom is too drunk to do that, isn't he?
You'll be punctual, won't you?
Tom is the same age as Mary, isn't he?
That's one of the funniest jokes that I've ever heard.
It's a complete redesign.
That's one of the funniest jokes I've ever heard.
Sleeping seems like a lot of work because it's not so easy to do anymore.
I could leap off a bridge and on to a galloping horse and start eating it. I'm so hungry.
Tom is now officially a cannibal.
Everyone thirsts for love.
I'm worried I'll get lost.
I'm worried that I'll get lost.
What brings you here, my friend?
Calm down. It's not the end of the world.
Are you an extraterrestrial?
Are you a non-citizen?
Are you from another planet?
It’s a starry night tonight.
My son will be starting secondary school in September.
My secondary school has a great library.
She used to play football for her secondary school football team.
Listen to me, alien.
That television channel gives up to the minute news.
There are blackbirds nesting in my garden.
The label on this jumper said it was machine washable, but it still shrunk in the wash.
Your access to the network has been revoked.
The substitute teacher lost control of the class.
I remember when corporal punishment was allowed in schools.
Seasoned timber is better for construction and joinery.
They went away on a second honeymoon for their silver wedding anniversary.
Tom plays flute in the woodwind section of the orchestra.
I will come if I can.
I don't like jokes like that.
What I realized is that Sami always did the same things as Tom did.
Have you ever played petanque?
"Children play with toys, Tom." "And what about with parents, Dad?"
"Have you been to Boston this year, Tom?" "Yep. Exactly times. And the year hasn't ended yet."
Tom always does the same thing that Mary does.
Tom always does the same thing Mary does.
I just found out that Tom did the same thing that Mary did.
I just found out Tom did the same thing Mary did.
Someone's behind you.
Somebody's behind you.
Everyone here knows you.
Everybody here knows you.
Everyone is watching you.
Everybody is watching you.
Everyone but you laughed.
Everybody but you laughed.
It's not easy for you, is it?
It isn't easy for you, is it?
I'll lend you my bicycle.
I'll lend my bicycle to you.
I'll buy you that bracelet.
I'll buy that bracelet for you.
I'll lend you this book.
I'll lend this book to you.
I'll lend you my dictionary.
I'll lend my dictionary to you.
I'll lend you this book for a few days.
I'll lend this book to you for a few days.
I don't think that this is going to work.
Tom thought that he could do whatever he wanted.
Tom thought he could do whatever he wanted to.
Tom thought he could do whatever he wanted.
Tom thought that he could do whatever he wanted to.
I still think that might happen.
I still think that that might happen.
Tom thinks that he can do whatever he wants.
Tom thinks he can do whatever he wants to.
Tom promised that he'd wait for us.
Tom told Mary he was Canadian.
I really thought Tom would change his mind.
I really thought that Tom would change his mind.
I didn't think Tom would change his mind.
I didn't think that Tom would change his mind.
I thought Tom would change his mind.
I thought that Tom would change his mind.
You're nosy, aren't you?
You're nosey, aren't you?
You're a lot older than Tom is, aren't you?
You're almost as old as Tom, aren't you?
You're almost as old as Tom is, aren't you?
Tom told Mary he was happy.
Everyone knew that Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Everybody knew that Tom wasn't going to do what he said he was going to do.
Tom told me that Mary was his wife.
Tom thinks he can do whatever he wants.
Tom thinks that he can do whatever he wants to.
It was you who took out the garbage, wasn't it?
It was you that took out the garbage, wasn't it?
No one will help you.
No one recognized you.
Nobody recognized you.
Who gave this list to you?
I heard that somebody attacked you.
I heard someone attacked you.
I heard that someone attacked you.
I heard somebody attacked you.
Did anyone ask you to dance?
Did anybody ask you to dance?
No one agreed with you, did they?
Nobody agreed with you, did they?
No one believed you, did they?
Nobody believed you, did they?
No one believed you.
Everyone asks you that, don't they?
Everybody asks you that, don't they?
Do you want me to help you move the couch?
Do you want me to help you move the sofa?
No one else will make you a better offer.
Nobody else will make you a better offer.
No one tells you what to do, do they?
Nobody tells you what to do, do they?
Someone might stop you.
Somebody might stop you.
No one can help you now.
Nobody can help you now.
Why was everyone yelling at you?
Why was everybody yelling at you?
I think someone is calling you.
I think somebody is calling you.
Who gave you that envelope?
Who gave that envelope to you?
Has anyone contacted you?
Has anybody contacted you?
Can anyone help you?
Can anybody help you?
Did anyone sing with you?
Did anybody sing with you?
Tom didn't tell anyone anything.
Tom didn't tell anybody anything.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows it was him who did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows that it was him who did that.
Tom knows everyone here, I think.
Tom knows everybody here, I think.
I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me.
I don't want anybody to feel sorry for me.
You're welcome to join us if you want to.
I'm not scared to tell Tom about that.
I'm not afraid to tell Tom about that.
I'm not scared to tell Tom about what happened.
I'm not afraid to tell Tom about what happened.
Tom wasn't with Mary. He was with someone else.
Tom wasn't with Mary. He was with somebody else.
Tom hasn't gone home yet.
Tom hasn't yet gone home.
Tom first met Mary when he was thirteen.
Tom first met Mary when he was thirteen years old.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be there.
No one ever believed you.
Nobody ever believed you.
No one owes you anything.
Nobody owes you anything.
No one is going to stop you.
Nobody is going to stop you.
No one believed you at first.
Nobody believed you at first.
No one was hungry except you.
Nobody was hungry except you.
No one asked you to come here.
Nobody asked you to come here.
No one saw you leave the room.
Nobody saw you leave the room.
No one will give you any money.
Nobody will give you any money.
No one invited you to the party.
Nobody invited you to the party.
No one expected anything from you.
Nobody expected anything from you.
No one is better at this than you.
Nobody is better at this than you.
No one seems to be afraid but you.
Nobody seems to be afraid but you.
No one seemed to be afraid but you.
Nobody seemed to be afraid but you.
No one can stop you from doing that.
Nobody can stop you from doing that.
No one wants to talk to you anymore.
Nobody wants to talk to you anymore.
No one wants to go to Boston with you.
Nobody wants to go to Boston with you.
No one told you about the meeting, did they?
Nobody told you about the meeting, did they?
No one wants to talk to you anymore, do they?
Nobody wants to talk to you anymore, do they?
No one's ever told you that before, have they?
Nobody's ever told you that before, have they?
No one told you it would be this way, did they?
Nobody told you it would be this way, did they?
No one wants to go to Boston with you, do they?
Nobody wants to go to Boston with you, do they?
No one has ever told you that before, have they?
Nobody has ever told you that before, have they?
No one's ever given you money before, have they?
Nobody's ever given you money before, have they?
No one told you this was going to happen, did they?
Nobody told you this was going to happen, did they?
No one told you it was going to get this cold, did they?
Nobody told you it was going to get this cold, did they?
No one's ever asked you that question before, have they?
Nobody's ever asked you that question before, have they?
No one told you where the meeting was going to be, did they?
Nobody told you where the meeting was going to be, did they?
No one told you that it was going to cost this much, did they?
Nobody told you that it was going to cost this much, did they?
No one's ever said anything like that to you before, have they?
Nobody's ever said anything like that to you before, have they?
You're a better chess player than Tom, aren't you?
You're a better chess player than Tom is, aren't you?
You're much better at French than Tom, aren't you?
You're much better at French than Tom is, aren't you?
You aren't actually suggesting that I go out with another girl, are you?
You aren't the only one here who wants to go home early, are you?
You're not the only one here who wants to go home early, are you?
You aren't likely to be able to convince Tom to do that, are you?
You're not likely to be able to convince Tom to do that, are you?
You're not really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You aren't the only one who has had problems with Tom, are you?
You're not the only one who has had problems with Tom, are you?
You aren't suggesting I had anything to do with that, are you?
You're not really going to go to Boston in Tom's car, are you?
You aren't the only one here who can't speak French, are you?
You're not the only one here who can't speak French, are you?
You aren't very likely to succeed this time either, are you?
You're not very likely to succeed this time either, are you?
You aren't suggesting we give all the money to Tom, are you?
You aren't really planning on staying here all day, are you?
You aren't the only one who's supposed to do that, are you?
You're not the only one who's supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't the only one who's not able to do that, are you?
You're not the only one who's not able to do that, are you?
You aren't the only one who knows what's going on, are you?
You're not the only one who knows what's going on, are you?
You aren't the only one here who can speak French, are you?
You're not the only one here who can speak French, are you?
You aren't going to get in trouble for helping me, are you?
You're not going to get in trouble for helping me, are you?
You aren't the only one who knows how to do that, are you?
You're not the only one who knows how to do that, are you?
You're not really going to buy Tom's old tractor, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that without a permit, are you?
You're not permitted to do that without a permit, are you?
You aren't the only one who bought one of these, are you?
You're not the only one who bought one of these, are you?
You aren't really planning to stay here all day, are you?
You aren't really asking people to believe that, are you?
You aren't old enough to get a driver's license, are you?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license, are you?
You aren't going to the party dressed like that, are you?
You aren't going to tell me what I want to know, are you?
You aren't the only one who uses this computer, are you?
You're not the only one who uses this computer, are you?
You're not really going to go camping with Tom, are you?
You aren't still thinking about what Tom said, are you?
You aren't really planning on taking pictures, are you?
You aren't really planning to take pictures, are you?
You aren't thinking of taking Tom with you, are you?
You aren't the only one who has to do that, are you?
You're not the only one who has to do that, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom could've done it, are you?
You're not really going to drive Tom's car, are you?
You aren't actually going to do that today, are you?
You aren't starting to believe this stuff, are you?
You aren't really planning on helping Tom, are you?
You're not really going to sing that song, are you?
You're not really going to argue with Tom, are you?
You aren't planning to go after Tom alone, are you?
You aren't the only one here from Boston, are you?
You're not the only one here from Boston, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom didn't do that, are you?
You aren't really planning on doing that, are you?
You're not really going to join the army, are you?
You aren't planning to stay up all night, are you?
You aren't the only one Tom has cheated, are you?
You're not the only one Tom has cheated, are you?
You aren't supposed to help Tom do that, are you?
You aren't satisfied with these results, are you?
You're not really going to vote for Tom, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that anymore, are you?
You're not permitted to do that anymore, are you?
You aren't going to the party like that, are you?
You aren't going to make me drink alone, are you?
You aren't seriously considering going, are you?
You aren't really planning to help Tom, are you?
You aren't going to tell Tom the truth, are you?
You're really not supposed to be here, are you?
You aren't the only one that was hurt, are you?
You're not the only one that was hurt, are you?
You aren't telling me the whole truth, are you?
You're not telling me the whole truth, are you?
You aren't really supposed to do that, are you?
You're not really supposed to do that, are you?
You aren't really planning to do that, are you?
You aren't wearing that to the party, are you?
You aren't taking that job in Boston, are you?
You aren't supposed to be doing that, are you?
You aren't actually going to do that, are you?
You aren't really planning on going, are you?
You're not really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to buy that, are you?
You aren't living in Boston anymore, are you?
You're not going to tell my parents, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom do that, are you?
You're not going to call my parents, are you?
You aren't expecting me to help you, are you?
You aren't expecting Tom to do that, are you?
You aren't yet old enough to drive, are you?
You're not yet old enough to drive, are you?
You aren't yet old enough to drink, are you?
You're not yet old enough to drink, are you?
You aren't very good at doing that, are you?
You aren't supposed to be out here, are you?
You're not supposed to be out here, are you?
You aren't supposed to be here now, are you?
You're not supposed to be here now, are you?
You aren't suggesting Tom did that, are you?
You aren't going there by yourself, are you?
You aren't actually threatening me, are you?
You aren't worried about the test, are you?
You aren't thinking about leaving, are you?
You aren't the only Canadian here, are you?
You're not the only Canadian here, are you?
You aren't supposed to be in here, are you?
You're not supposed to be in here, are you?
You aren't really older than I am, are you?
You're not leaving Japan for good, are you?
You aren't going to see Tom today, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom drive, are you?
You aren't actually going to sing, are you?
You aren't a very good negotiator, are you?
You aren't thinking of enlisting, are you?
You're not telling us everything, are you?
You aren't really planning to go, are you?
You aren't moving back to Boston, are you?
You aren't going to let me sleep, are you?
You aren't going to let Tom swim, are you?
You aren't afraid to sleep alone, are you?
You aren't telling me the truth, are you?
You're not telling me the truth, are you?
You aren't still afraid of dogs, are you?
You aren't really older than me, are you?
You aren't really a millionaire, are you?
You aren't permitted to do that, are you?
You're not permitted to do that, are you?
You aren't obligated to do that, are you?
You're not obligated to do that, are you?
You aren't going to regret this, are you?
You're not going to regret this, are you?
You aren't going to do that now, are you?
You aren't expecting me to sing, are you?
You aren't drinking and driving, are you?
You aren't doing anything wrong, are you?
You're not doing anything wrong, are you?
You aren't asking me to give up, are you?
You aren't allergic to anything, are you?
You aren't a very good salesman, are you?
You aren't a very good mechanic, are you?
You're not a very good mechanic, are you?
You aren't surprised to see me, are you?
You aren't supposed to do that, are you?
You're not supposed to be here, are you?
You're not really afraid of me, are you?
You aren't old enough to drive, are you?
You're not old enough to drive, are you?
You aren't old enough to drink, are you?
You're not old enough to drink, are you?
You're not going to tell on me, are you?
You aren't expected to do that, are you?
You're not expected to do that, are you?
You aren't a very good swimmer, are you?
You aren't trying to trick me, are you?
You aren't too old to do that, are you?
You aren't still afraid of me, are you?
You aren't really over thirty, are you?
You aren't going to wear that, are you?
You aren't going to like that, are you?
You aren't going to get fired, are you?
You're not going to get fired, are you?
You aren't buying any of this, are you?
You aren't allowed to do that, are you?
You're not allowed to do that, are you?
You aren't telling the truth, are you?
You're not telling the truth, are you?
You aren't really that naive, are you?
You aren't mad at me anymore, are you?
You aren't going to eat that, are you?
You aren't afraid of heights, are you?
You aren't a millionaire yet, are you?
You're not a millionaire yet, are you?
You aren't too busy to talk, are you?
You aren't scared of snakes, are you?
You aren't really a teacher, are you?
You aren't much of a talker, are you?
You aren't having much luck, are you?
You aren't going to open it, are you?
You aren't going to hurt me, are you?
You aren't going to help me, are you?
You aren't going to give up, are you?
You aren't going to do that, are you?
You aren't from around here, are you?
You aren't a very good cook, are you?
You aren't a morning person, are you?
You aren't very good at it, are you?
You aren't ready to go yet, are you?
You aren't hiding anything, are you?
You aren't going like that, are you?
You aren't fooling anybody, are you?
You're not fooling anybody, are you?
You aren't doing your best, are you?
You're not doing your best, are you?
You aren't backing out now, are you?
You aren't attracted to me, are you?
You aren't as tall as I am, are you?
You're not as tall as I am, are you?
You're not afraid of dying, are you?
You're not very organized, are you?
You aren't very ambitious, are you?
You're not very ambitious, are you?
You aren't scared anymore, are you?
You aren't really worried, are you?
You aren't going to sleep, are you?
You aren't going to faint, are you?
You aren't going to do it, are you?
You aren't a veterinarian, are you?
You aren't a teenager yet, are you?
You're not a teenager yet, are you?
You aren't strong enough, are you?
You're not strong enough, are you?
You aren't related to me, are you?
You're not related to me, are you?
You aren't likely to win, are you?
You're not likely to win, are you?
You aren't going to walk, are you?
You aren't doing so well, are you?
You're not doing so well, are you?
You aren't as tall as me, are you?
You're not as tall as me, are you?
You aren't alone anymore, are you?
You're not alone anymore, are you?
You aren't a millionaire, are you?
You're not a millionaire, are you?
You aren't still afraid, are you?
You aren't staying here, are you?
You aren't really going, are you?
You aren't good at this, are you?
You're not good at this, are you?
You aren't feeling well, are you?
You aren't disappointed, are you?
You aren't always right, are you?
You're not always right, are you?
You aren't very hungry, are you?
You aren't tall enough, are you?
You're not tall enough, are you?
You aren't one of them, are you?
You aren't often wrong, are you?
You're not often wrong, are you?
You aren't meeting Tom, are you?
You aren't mad anymore, are you?
You aren't buying this, are you?
You aren't a city girl, are you?
You aren't a chauffeur, are you?
You're not a carpenter, are you?
You're not very smart, are you?
You aren't very happy, are you?
You aren't very funny, are you?
You're not very funny, are you?
You aren't the police, are you?
You aren't still sore, are you?
You aren't in trouble, are you?
You're not in trouble, are you?
You aren't in a hurry, are you?
You aren't being fair, are you?
You're not being fair, are you?
You aren't a waitress, are you?
You aren't a musician, are you?
You aren't a mechanic, are you?
You're not a Canadian, are you?
You aren't very busy, are you?
You aren't taking it, are you?
You aren't satisfied, are you?
You aren't ready yet, are you?
You aren't one of us, are you?
You aren't mad at me, are you?
You aren't listening, are you?
You aren't in charge, are you?
You're not in charge, are you?
You aren't going yet, are you?
You aren't giving up, are you?
You aren't from here, are you?
You aren't depressed, are you?
You aren't asking me, are you?
You aren't a student, are you?
You're not a dentist, are you?
You aren't Brazilian, are you?
You aren't that old, are you?
You're not that old, are you?
You aren't finished, are you?
You're not finished, are you?
You aren't done yet, are you?
You're not done yet, are you?
You're not busy now, are you?
You aren't a waiter, are you?
You aren't a tailor, are you?
You aren't a farmer, are you?
You aren't married, are you?
You aren't leaving, are you?
You're not a pilot, are you?
You aren't a coach, are you?
You aren't sleepy, are you?
You aren't scared, are you?
You aren't joking, are you?
You aren't crying, are you?
You aren't coming, are you?
You aren't upset, are you?
You aren't tired, are you?
You aren't happy, are you?
You aren't going, are you?
You aren't bored, are you?
You aren't angry, are you?
You're not a spy, are you?
You aren't rich, are you?
You aren't lost, are you?
You aren't hurt, are you?
You're older than Tom, aren't you?
Do you gamble?
Tom is in, isn't he?
Have you ever hit Tom?
Is that book yours?
Tom liked to do that.
You're waiting for Tom, aren't you?
I won't make you go.
Tom is up, isn't he?
Tom was mistaken, wasn't he?
I won't yell at you.
Tom stood up for himself.
You're fast, aren't you?
You're smarter than Tom, aren't you?
This a gift for you.
Tom is big, isn't he?
You're fine, aren't you?
Tom smiled at you, didn't he?
What'll it cost you?
Tom doesn't like me anymore.
You're high, aren't you?
You're smarter than Tom is, aren't you?
Did anyone phone you?
Tom is fat, isn't he?
You're hurt, aren't you?
How are you and Tom different?
Does that bother you?
Tom is doing something weird.
You're lazy, aren't you?
You're much taller than Tom, aren't you?
I'll do this for you.
How often do you and Tom fight?
I'll lend you my car.
Tom wasn't really interested.
You're slow, aren't you?
You're stronger than Tom is, aren't you?
I'll lend you my pen.
Tom is fun, isn't he?
You're alive, aren't you?
Tom danced with you, didn't he?
People depend on you.
Tom blames you for everything.
You're brave, aren't you?
You're supposed to call Tom, aren't you?
Who'll come with you?
Tom is hot, isn't he?
You're broke, aren't you?
Does Tom know how to play mahjong?
Who's going with you?
Tom doesn't know where I live.
You're supposed to help Tom, aren't you?
Women don't like you.
Tom is mad, isn't he?
You're first, aren't you?
How long has Tom been sitting there?
I don't know that guy.
Tom has talked to Mary before.
You're fussy, aren't you?
You're a lot bigger than Tom, aren't you?
It belongs to you now.
Tom is new, isn't he?
Why did Tom decide not to go to Boston?
Tom talked to Mary about that.
You're a lot taller than Tom, aren't you?
Who's coming with you?
Tom is odd, isn't he?
You're tough, aren't you?
Tom thanked me for hiring him.
You cried, didn't you?
You're almost as tall as Tom, aren't you?
That surprised you, didn't it?
Tom is a DJ, isn't he?
Your mother loves you.
Tom didn't know how to respond.
You're amused, aren't you?
You're the one who hired Tom, aren't you?
Are you busy this week?
Tom is calm, isn't he?
You're famous, aren't you?
Tom thanked me for helping him.
You're a better cook than Tom, aren't you?
You're greedy, aren't you?
Tom is cold, isn't he?
Do you belong to a gym?
Tom thanked me for warning him.
You're guilty, aren't you?
You're a bit shorter than Tom, aren't you?
Do you take medication?
Tom is cute, isn't he?
You're lonely, aren't you?
Tom's family is from Australia.
I won't call you again.
The Eurovision Song Contest has millions of fans around the world.
I'm hoping that Tom will be here today.
I'm hoping Tom will be here today.
There are three men in the next room waiting for you.
There were only three men on the committee.
These chairs need to be reupholstered.
She touched my arm.
Mary touched Tom's arm while she was talking to him.
Will you watch the royal wedding?
You're a lot shorter than Tom, aren't you?
Tom is deaf, isn't he?
I won't ever leave you.
Tom reminded Mary of her father.
You're sleepy, aren't you?
You're a lot younger than Tom, aren't you?
I won't make you do it.
Tom is done, isn't he?
You're stoned, aren't you?
Tom thanked me for rescuing him.
There are three boys with the name Tom in our class.
There are three men in my neighborhood who are carpenters.
I won't make you leave.
You're sitting in Tom's chair, aren't you?
You're adopted, aren't you?
Tom is dumb, isn't he?
I'll be frank with you.
Tom and Mary are both over there.
You're engaged, aren't you?
Tom is good with kids, isn't he?
I'll buy you this book.
Tom is fine, isn't he?
You're furious, aren't you?
Tom and Mary have the same hobby.
I'll call you a doctor.
Tom is hard to please, isn't he?
You're healthy, aren't you?
Tom is free, isn't he?
I'll contact you later.
Tom enjoys talking about himself.
You're married, aren't you?
You're much taller than Tom is, aren't you?
I'll give you a chance.
Tom is glad, isn't he?
You're pleased, aren't you?
Tom lives three blocks from here.
I'll give you this pen.
You're the one who invited Tom, aren't you?
Tom is gone, isn't he?
I'll keep this for you.
Tom showed Mary how to tie knots.
You're a lot taller than Tom is, aren't you?
You're almost as tall as Tom is, aren't you?
You're a better cook than Tom is, aren't you?
Tom is nosy, isn't he?
Tom is nosey, isn't he?
You're a bit shorter than Tom is, aren't you?
You're puzzled, aren't you?
You're a better dancer than Tom, aren't you?
I'll lend you this pen.
Tom is high, isn't he?
You're retired, aren't you?
Tom washed the dirt off his face.
I'll make you some tea.
You're a better driver than Tom, aren't you?
You're starved, aren't you?
Tom is home, isn't he?
I'll send you a refund.
I think that Tom is a good driver.
You're unlucky, aren't you?
You're a bit taller than Tom is, aren't you?
Please cut the carrots.
Tom is huge, isn't he?
You're barefoot, aren't you?
Tom left his sunglasses in my car.
This is enough for you.
You're a little taller than Tom, aren't you?
You're confused, aren't you?
Tom is late, isn't he?
What's expected of you?
Tom never talked to me about that.
You're creative, aren't you?
Does this shirt fit you?
Tom is lost, isn't he?
You're diabetic, aren't you?
Let's give Tom a chance to explain.
I won't ask you to sing.
You're divorced, aren't you?
Tom is next, isn't he?
I won't force you to go.
Tom and Mary broke up last weekend.
You're homeless, aren't you?
Tom is the one who did that, isn't he?
I won't make fun of you.
Tom is your daughter's best friend, isn't he?
Tom sent Mary a picture of himself.
I won't try to find you.
You're a better swimmer than Tom, aren't you?
Tom is nuts, isn't he?
I'll come see you again.
Tom was talking about that earlier.
You're stubborn, aren't you?
Tom is terrified of spiders, isn't he?
It's been cold all week.
Tom is pale, isn't he?
You're ticklish, aren't you?
Tom works at the local supermarket.
It's been windy all day.
Tom is the one who did this, isn't he?
You're available, aren't you?
Tom is sick, isn't he?
Please wait for me here.
I showed Tom what was in my pockets.
You're concerned, aren't you?
Tom is the same age as I am, isn't he?
This is perfect for you.
Tom is slow, isn't he?
You're desperate, aren't you?
Tom isn't friends with Mary anymore.
Who's coming to see you?
Tom is the person in charge, isn't he?
You're disgusted, aren't you?
Tom is sure, isn't he?
Who's going to stop you?
Tom isn't really allowed to do that.
Tom is the boy on the right, isn't he?
Have you ever been fired?
Tom is weak, isn't he?
You're irritated, aren't you?
Tom let the air out of Mary's tires.
I won't call you anymore.
You're a few years older than Tom, aren't you?
You're qualified, aren't you?
Tom is a CPA, isn't he?
I won't make you do this.
Tom should give Mary another chance.
You're satisfied, aren't you?
You're three years older than Tom, aren't you?
Is that a picture of you?
Tom is a pro, isn't he?
You're shivering, aren't you?
You're three months older than Tom, aren't you?
You're the owner, aren't you?
Tom is a vet, isn't he?
What else is on the list?
I don't think Tom even knows my name.
You're unmarried, aren't you?
You're a better swimmer than Tom is, aren't you?
What it's like in Boston?
Tom is alone, isn't he?
You're very busy, aren't you?
I had trouble getting Tom to do that.
Who else is on your list?
You're responsible for Tom's safety, aren't you?
You're very fast, aren't you?
Tom is awake, isn't he?
Who else knew about that?
Tom said he saw Mary three hours ago.
You're very good, aren't you?
You're the one who saved Tom's life, aren't you?
Why should I get married?
Tom is blind, isn't he?
You're very late, aren't you?
Tom used to talk to Mary a lot.
I didn't really want that.
You're three years younger than Tom, aren't you?
You're aggressive, aren't you?
Tom is blond, isn't he?
I won't let you interfere.
Tom wanted to know what he should do.
You're back early, aren't you?
You're going to have to work with Tom, aren't you?
I won't make you eat that.
Tom is bored, isn't he?
You're a bit younger than Tom, aren't you?
You're a bit younger than Tom is, aren't you?
You're a little younger than Tom, aren't you?
You're a little younger than Tom is, aren't you?
You're a lot shorter than Tom is, aren't you?
You're a lot younger than Tom is, aren't you?
You're a much better singer than Tom, aren't you?
You're a much better singer than Tom is, aren't you?
You're badly hurt, aren't you?
I haven't spoken with Tom for a while.
I haven't spoken with Tom in a while.
I'll do all I can for you.
You're supposed to be helping Tom now, aren't you?
You're displeased, aren't you?
Tom is brave, isn't he?
I'll give this pen to you.
Tom didn't notice Mary staring at him.
You're frightened, aren't you?
You're the one who told Tom to do that, aren't you?
I'll go swimming with you.
Tom is broke, isn't he?
You're here early, aren't you?
Tom doesn't want that to happen again.
I'll let you try it again.
I don't know what Tom's last name is.
You're interested, aren't you?
Tom is cruel, isn't he?
I'll meet you after class.
Tom thought Mary was going to hit him.
You're my friends, aren't you?
You're going to have to do that for Tom, aren't you?
I'll show it to you again.
Tom is dirty, isn't he?
You're a lucky guy, aren't you?
Tom thought Mary was going to hug him.
I'll show you another one.
You're the only person who can help Tom, aren't you?
You're a lucky man, aren't you?
Tom is early, isn't he?
I'll tell you what it was.
Tom didn't tell me anything about that.
You're both adults, aren't you?
You're supposed to be helping Tom right now, aren't you?
I'll tell you where to go.
Tom is frank, isn't he?
You're discouraged, aren't you?
Tom didn't want Mary to know the truth.
I'll wait for you outside.
You're the one who convinced Tom to do that, aren't you?
You're heartbroken, aren't you?
Tom is going, isn't he?
I'll wake you up at seven.
Tom told Mary what was going to happen.
You're intoxicated, aren't you?
Is there a park near here?
Tom is lying, isn't he?
You're lying again, aren't you?
Tom tried his best not to make a sound.
Were you busy last Monday?
You're the only one who ever really talked to Tom, aren't you?
You're married now, aren't you?
Tom is needy, isn't he?
Were you here last Monday?
Tom and Mary go to the same high school.
You're on the list, aren't you?
You're more talkative than most of Tom's other friends, aren't you?
You can use this umbrella.
You're over thirty, aren't you?
Tom didn't really seem to be interested.
Do you know how that's possible?
Tom is picky, isn't he?
You're pretty busy, aren't you?
Tom didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Does this noise bother you?
Tom is pushy, isn't he?
You're the teacher, aren't you?
Tom didn't want to let his parents down.
Have you ever been in jail?
Tom is scary, isn't he?
You're unconvinced, aren't you?
Tom doesn't want Mary to know the truth.
I won't write to you again.
Tom is sorry, isn't he?
Tom is the only person in the classroom.
I'll come see you tomorrow.
Tom is upset, isn't he?
You're enthusiastic, aren't you?
Tom knows exactly how I feel about Mary.
I'll give that back to you.
Tom is weird, isn't he?
You're exaggerating, aren't you?
Tom needs to figure out what's going on.
I'll let you go home early.
Tom is a cook, isn't he?
You're really angry, aren't you?
Tom was the one who gave Mary my number.
I'll let you handle things.
Tom is a jerk, isn't he?
You're really lucky, aren't you?
Tom and Mary have the same piano teacher.
I'll let you rest a little.
Tom is a liar, isn't he?
You're a little late, aren't you?
Tom and Mary ride the same bus to school.
I'll remind you to do that.
Tom is a monk, isn't he?
You're an hour early, aren't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to be alone together.
I'll send you another copy.
Tom is a nerd, isn't he?
You're in charge now, aren't you?
Tom asked the old lady what her name was.
I'll show you the schedule.
Tom is a poet, isn't he?
You're uncomfortable, aren't you?
Tom canceled his trip at the last minute.
I'll shut the door for you.
Tom is a slob, isn't he?
You're very romantic, aren't you?
Tom goes out drinking every Monday night.
I'll stay right behind you.
Tom is a snob, isn't he?
You're claustrophobic, aren't you?
Tom was the only person in the classroom.
I'll stop calling you that.
Tom is a twin, isn't he?
You're going to be OK, aren't you?
Tom and Mary have the same taste in music.
I'll tell you what that is.
Tom is a wimp, isn't he?
You're good at tennis, aren't you?
Tom attempted to run out of the courtroom.
Is your father at home now?
Tom is abroad, isn't he?
You're good with kids, aren't you?
Tom lived in Boston about three years ago.
Let's row across the river.
Tom is afraid, isn't he?
You're hard to please, aren't you?
Tom isn't the only person in the classroom.
Please show me your ticket.
Tom is better, isn't he?
You're in trouble now, aren't you?
Tom went outside to see what was happening.
That ball could've hit you.
Tom is biased, isn't he?
You're often confused, aren't you?
Tom went to the bathroom to wash his hands.
That man is looking at you.
Tom is bright, isn't he?
You're old enough now, aren't you?
Tom hasn't told Mary what's going to happen.
Do you still play the flute?
Tom is clever, isn't he?
You're pulling my leg, aren't you?
Tom wasn't the only person in the classroom.
I can tell you how to do it.
Tom is coming, isn't he?
You're taller than me, aren't you?
Tom isn't the only person that has done that.
I'll bring you a cup of tea.
Tom is cranky, isn't he?
You're turning thirty, aren't you?
Tom was only in Boston for a couple of weeks.
I'll call you at about 2:30.
Tom is creepy, isn't he?
You're very observant, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are supposed to do that together.
You're being sarcastic, aren't you?
Tom didn't tell Mary what was going to happen.
I'll close the door for you.
Tom is hiding, isn't he?
You're both very lucky, aren't you?
Tom goes to the gym two or three times a week.
I'll deal with this problem.
Tom is immune, isn't he?
You're paid to do that, aren't you?
Tom saw Mary's name on the list and added his.
I'll give you one more shot.
Tom is in bed, isn't he?
You're quicker than me, aren't you?
Tom spent three weeks in Australia last month.
I'll let you deal with this.
Tom is insane, isn't he?
You're smarter than me, aren't you?
We need to get Tom to the hospital right away.
I'll let you do the cooking.
Tom is inside, isn't he?
You're very methodical, aren't you?
Tom left thirty minutes before the party ended.
I'll let you do the talking.
Tom is joking, isn't he?
You're very particular, aren't you?
Tom and Mary have the same color socks on today.
I'll let you try that again.
Tom is lonely, isn't he?
You're younger than me, aren't you?
Tom hasn't yet told Mary what's going to happen.
I'll show you around Boston.
Tom is losing, isn't he?
You really are gullible, aren't you?
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn't know how.
I'll teach you how to drive.
Tom is moving, isn't he?
You're a very lucky guy, aren't you?
Tom and Mary sat at a table for two near the window.
I'll tell you when to leave.
Tom is my age, isn't he?
You're going to miss me, aren't you?
Tom didn't seem to want to talk about it anymore.
I'll tell you where to stop.
Tom is nearby, isn't he?
You're having a bad day, aren't you?
Tom is having problems with one of his neighbors.
I'll translate this for you.
Tom is skiing, isn't he?
You're on the wrong bus, aren't you?
I don't want what happened to me to happen to Tom.
I'll wake you for breakfast.
Tom is stingy, isn't he?
You're taller than I am, aren't you?
Tom and Mary got married three weeks after they met.
No one believed us at first.
Tom is strict, isn't he?
You're wearing my shoes, aren't you?
Tom and Mary looked like they wanted to be alone together.
Please don't force us to go.
Tom is stupid, isn't he?
You're being transferred, aren't you?
Tom heard somebody behind him and turned around to see who it was.
Please show me your ID card.
Tom is thirty, isn't he?
You're being very unfair, aren't you?
Tom and Mary have the same last name, but they aren't related to each other.
You're doing all you can, aren't you?
Tom is a boxer, isn't he?
What's on your desk at home?
Tom is a coach, isn't he?
You're in the wrong seat, aren't you?
Tom is a creep, isn't he?
Why are you getting married?
Tom is a crook, isn't he?
You're lying to me again, aren't you?
Tom is a guard, isn't he?
You can use this flashlight.
Tom is a miner, isn't he?
You're shorter than I am, aren't you?
Tom is a minor, isn't he?
You were wrong, weren't you?
Tom is a pilot, isn't he?
You're smarter than I am, aren't you?
Tom is a prude, isn't he?
You weren't fired, were you?
Tom is a rebel, isn't he?
You're taking a big risk, aren't you?
Tom is a vegan, isn't he?
Are you qualified to do that?
Tom is curious, isn't he?
You're the teacher's pet, aren't you?
Tom is dieting, isn't he?
Do you know how to play golf?
Tom is dubious, isn't he?
You're a pretty smart kid, aren't you?
Tom is furious, isn't he?
Do you play volleyball often?
Tom is in jail, isn't he?
You're a pretty tough kid, aren't you?
Tom is in love, isn't he?
Do you save money each month?
Tom is in pain, isn't he?
You're a very fussy eater, aren't you?
Tom is in town, isn't he?
Do you want an extra blanket?
Tom is invited, isn't he?
You're a very lucky woman, aren't you?
Tom is kidding, isn't he?
Tom is outside, isn't he?
You're allowed to do that, aren't you?
Tom is packing, isn't he?
How important is that to you?
Tom is pleased, isn't he?
You're being hypocritical, aren't you?
Tom is present, isn't he?
I went to Boston last summer.
Tom is prudent, isn't he?
You're being unreasonable, aren't you?
Tom is skating, isn't he?
I won't force you to do this.
Tom is trying, isn't he?
You're dressed too warmly, aren't you?
Tom is staying, isn't he?
I'll bring you a clean knife.
Tom is strange, isn't he?
You're going to need help, aren't you?
Tom is thrifty, isn't he?
I'll call you when it's done.
Tom is through, isn't he?
You're going to need this, aren't you?
Tom is waiting, isn't he?
I'll help you in the kitchen.
Tom is working, isn't he?
You're in big trouble now, aren't you?
Tom is a banker, isn't he?
I'll keep this money for you.
Tom is a barber, isn't he?
You're in serious trouble, aren't you?
Tom is a farmer, isn't he?
I'll save you a piece of pie.
Tom is a father, isn't he?
You're sitting in my seat, aren't you?
Tom is a lawyer, isn't he?
I'll save you some ice cream.
Tom is a member, isn't he?
You're tempted to do that, aren't you?
Tom is a smoker, isn't he?
I'll take you to the station.
Tom is a tailor, isn't he?
Just give us a bit more time.
Tom is diabetic, isn't he?
You're up for a promotion, aren't you?
Tom is divorced, isn't he?
Let me show you a better one.
Tom is doing OK, isn't he?
You're way faster than me, aren't you?
Tom is homesick, isn't he?
Let me show you how it works.
Tom is mistaken, isn't he?
You're a little overweight, aren't you?
Tom is new here, isn't he?
Please come and see us again.
Tom is stalling, isn't he?
You're afraid of the truth, aren't you?
Tom is still up, isn't he?
Please don't make us do this.
Tom is swimming, isn't he?
You're awfully quiet today, aren't you?
Tom is upstairs, isn't he?
Please explain what happened.
Tom is very fat, isn't he?
You're expected to do that, aren't you?
Tom is wasteful, isn't he?
Please tell me more about it.
Tom is watching, isn't he?
You're going the wrong way, aren't you?
Tom is with you, isn't he?
Please tell us a ghost story.
Tom is a butcher, isn't he?
You're going to get better, aren't you?
Tom is a dentist, isn't he?
Tell us more about your trip.
Tom is a dreamer, isn't he?
You're going to need these, aren't you?
Tom is a drummer, isn't he?
This cap is too small for me.
Tom is a janitor, isn't he?
You're in a lot of trouble, aren't you?
Tom is a painter, isn't he?
What foods can you cook well?
Tom is a plumber, isn't he?
You're much faster than me, aren't you?
Tom is a soldier, isn't he?
What was your childhood like?
Tom is a surgeon, isn't he?
You're old enough to drive, aren't you?
Tom is a suspect, isn't he?
Whose umbrella are you using?
Tom is all alone, isn't he?
You're pretty good at that, aren't you?
Tom is all right, isn't he?
Do you enjoy going to museums?
Tom is an artist, isn't he?
You're pretty good at this, aren't you?
Tom is angry now, isn't he?
Excuse us for just one second.
Tom is at Mary's, isn't he?
You're really good at that, aren't you?
Tom is awake now, isn't he?
Give us a couple more minutes.
Tom is conscious, isn't he?
You're really good at this, aren't you?
Tom is depressed, isn't he?
I wish I were able to do that.
Tom is desperate, isn't he?
You're sitting in my chair, aren't you?
Tom is from here, isn't he?
I won't ask you to sing again.
Tom is happy now, isn't he?
You're supposed to do that, aren't you?
Tom is hung over, isn't he?
I won't force you to eat that.
Tom is in charge, isn't he?
You're taking a big gamble, aren't you?
Tom is in danger, isn't he?
I won't make you go to school.
Tom is in school, isn't he?
You're too weak to do that, aren't you?
Tom is incorrect, isn't he?
I'll advise you on what to do.
Tom is irritated, isn't he?
You're too young to retire, aren't you?
Tom is like Mary, isn't he?
I'll buy you something to eat.
You're the same age as me, aren't you?
You're the same age as I am, aren't you?
I'll do anything that you ask.
Tom is listening, isn't he?
You're a hard man to please, aren't you?
Tom is mad at me, isn't he?
I'll come, weather permitting.
Tom is mad at us, isn't he?
You're a long way from home, aren't you?
Tom is off today, isn't he?
You're being a bit snobbish, aren't you?
Tom is ready now, isn't he?
I'll give you a call sometime.
Tom is skeptical, isn't he?
You're making a big mistake, aren't you?
Tom is still mad, isn't he?
I'll give you a second chance.
Tom is there now, isn't he?
You're much smarter than me, aren't you?
Tom is tone deaf, isn't he?
I'll give you my phone number.
Tom is unmarried, isn't he?
You're really absent-minded, aren't you?
Tom is very busy, isn't he?
I'll help you clean the house.
Tom is very lazy, isn't he?
You're reluctant to do that, aren't you?
Tom is very sick, isn't he?
I'll let you know how it goes.
Tom is with Mary, isn't he?
You're the person in charge, aren't you?
Tom is your boss, isn't he?
I'll let you worry about that.
Tom is Mary's son, isn't he?
I'll mail this letter for you.
Tom is a beginner, isn't he?
You're thirty minutes early, aren't you?
Tom is a freshman, isn't he?
I'll make you a cup of coffee.
Tom is a good kid, isn't he?
You're trying to confuse me, aren't you?
Tom is a good man, isn't he?
I'll show you what to do next.
Tom is a lazy kid, isn't he?
You're a lot older than I am, aren't you?
Tom is a mechanic, isn't he?
I'll tell you what that means.
Tom is a musician, isn't he?
You're a pretty good swimmer, aren't you?
Tom is a nice guy, isn't he?
Just give us a couple minutes.
Tom is a nice kid, isn't he?
You're about three days late, aren't you?
Tom is a preacher, isn't he?
Just give us a little privacy.
Tom is a salesman, isn't he?
You're almost as old as I am, aren't you?
Tom is a teenager, isn't he?
Let me tell you about my plan.
Tom is already up, isn't he?
You're determined to do that, aren't you?
Tom is an amateur, isn't he?
Let me tell you what happened.
Tom is an atheist, isn't he?
You're going to be all right, aren't you?
Tom is an athlete, isn't he?
Please come with us to Boston.
Tom is asleep now, isn't he?
You're going to need my help, aren't you?
Tom is at the gym, isn't he?
Please explain how this works.
Tom is back again, isn't he?
You're going to pay for this, aren't you?
Tom is back early, isn't he?
Please hand me those scissors.
Tom is big-headed, isn't he?
You're here very early today, aren't you?
Tom is busy again, isn't he?
Please show us how to do that.
Tom is busy today, isn't he?
You're in way over your head, aren't you?
Tom is by himself, isn't he?
Thanks for helping us do that.
Tom is colorblind, isn't he?
You're supposed to be in bed, aren't you?
Tom is doing fine, isn't he?
That didn't cost us very much.
Tom is doing that, isn't he?
You're too young to buy beer, aren't you?
Tom is doing well, isn't he?
Tom is downstairs, isn't he?
You're way younger than I am, aren't you?
Tom is eating now, isn't he?
What sports can you play well?
Tom is fairly shy, isn't he?
You're a better skier than me, aren't you?
Tom is frightened, isn't he?
What things can't you do well?
Tom is going deaf, isn't he?
You're a bit taller than I am, aren't you?
Tom is happy here, isn't he?
You should have fun in Boston.
Tom is illiterate, isn't he?
You're a lot taller than I am, aren't you?
Tom is in a hurry, isn't he?
You'll be discreet, won't you?
Tom is in college, isn't he?
You're about three weeks late, aren't you?
Tom is in his car, isn't he?
I won't make you do that again.
Tom is on his own, isn't he?
You're contradicting yourself, aren't you?
Tom is on his way, isn't he?
I won't make you go back there.
Tom is on the job, isn't he?
You're drinking out of my cup, aren't you?
Tom is quite busy, isn't he?
I'll give you something to eat.
Tom is quite late, isn't he?
You're getting better at that, aren't you?
Tom is quite lazy, isn't he?
I'll tell you what's happening.
Tom is quite mean, isn't he?
You're going to have to leave, aren't you?
Tom is really mad, isn't he?
I'll tell you where to go next.
Tom is still busy, isn't he?
You're going to need one, too, aren't you?
Tom is still here, isn't he?
It doesn't bother you, does it?
Tom is still sick, isn't he?
You're supposed to be resting, aren't you?
Tom is very bossy, isn't he?
It wasn't easy for you, was it?
Tom is very brave, isn't he?
You're supposed to be working, aren't you?
Tom is very crazy, isn't he?
Let me get you a cup of coffee.
Tom is very lucky, isn't he?
You're a bit younger than I am, aren't you?
Tom is very messy, isn't he?
Let me give you a little money.
Tom is very noisy, isn't he?
You're a lot younger than I am, aren't you?
Tom is very picky, isn't he?
Let me watch you do that again.
Tom is very quiet, isn't he?
You're a pretty good guitarist, aren't you?
Tom is very tough, isn't he?
May I sit down here beside you?
Tom is very upset, isn't he?
You're in very serious trouble, aren't you?
Tom is a bit crazy, isn't he?
Please get me a glass of water.
Tom is a bit drunk, isn't he?
You're interested in computers, aren't you?
Tom is a brave man, isn't he?
Please put this somewhere safe.
Tom is a carpenter, isn't he?
You're named after your father, aren't you?
Tom is a funny guy, isn't he?
That didn't bother you, did it?
Tom is a geologist, isn't he?
You're supposed to be relaxing, aren't you?
Tom is a good cook, isn't he?
This isn't just for you, is it?
Tom is a good liar, isn't he?
You're the only one with a key, aren't you?
Tom is a great guy, isn't he?
Where should I put these books?
Tom is a great kid, isn't he?
You're the tallest person here, aren't you?
Tom is a guitarist, isn't he?
Tom is a lucky guy, isn't he?
You're too young to drink beer, aren't you?
Tom is a lucky man, isn't he?
I need to go and buy some bread.
Tom is a nonsmoker, isn't he?
You're a lot stronger than I am, aren't you?
Tom is a paramedic, isn't he?
I'd like to take a quick shower.
Tom is a quiet guy, isn't he?
You're doing that the wrong way, aren't you?
Tom is a real nerd, isn't he?
I'll bring you a glass of water.
Tom is a real wimp, isn't he?
You're expected to do that, too, aren't you?
Tom is a scientist, isn't he?
I'll phone you tomorrow morning.
Tom is a smart boy, isn't he?
You're going to have to do that, aren't you?
Tom is a smart guy, isn't he?
I'll tell you about it tomorrow.
Tom is a smart kid, isn't he?
You're hiding something from me, aren't you?
Tom is a smart man, isn't he?
It's important to you, isn't it?
Tom is a sophomore, isn't he?
You're interested in doing that, aren't you?
Tom is a sweet guy, isn't he?
Let me give you a demonstration.
Tom is a therapist, isn't he?
You're really talkative tonight, aren't you?
Tom is a weird guy, isn't he?
Let me give you some more money.
Tom is adventurous, isn't he?
You're supposed to be in Boston, aren't you?
Tom is almost deaf, isn't he?
Let me pour you a glass of wine.
Tom is always busy, isn't he?
You're supposed to be in school, aren't you?
Tom is always here, isn't he?
Let me tell you a bedtime story.
Tom is always late, isn't he?
You're supposed to be there now, aren't you?
Tom is an engineer, isn't he?
Let me tell you how it happened.
Tom is an optimist, isn't he?
You're the one who gave me this, aren't you?
Tom is at his desk, isn't he?
Let me tell you what to do next.
Tom is at home now, isn't he?
You're the one who told me that, aren't you?
Tom is avoiding me, isn't he?
Let me tell you what's going on.
Tom is behind this, isn't he?
You're too young to drive a car, aren't you?
Tom is charismatic, isn't he?
All this is new to you, isn't it?
Tom is chewing gum, isn't he?
You're too young to get married, aren't you?
Tom is coming back, isn't he?
Could I have a sip of your drink?
Tom is coming home, isn't he?
You're a little taller than I am, aren't you?
Tom is coming over, isn't he?
Do you want me to send you money?
Tom is coming soon, isn't he?
You're amused by what's going on, aren't you?
Tom is coming, too, isn't he?
I want to speak with the manager.
Tom is cooking now, isn't he?
You're going to be late for work, aren't you?
Tom is cooperating, isn't he?
I won't ask you about this again.
Tom is crying, too, isn't he?
You're old enough to know better, aren't you?
Tom is discouraged, isn't he?
I won't ask you to do that again.
Tom is doing great, isn't he?
You're supposed to be downstairs, aren't you?
Tom is drunk again, isn't he?
I won't ask you to do this again.
Tom is fixing that, isn't he?
You're supposed to be practicing, aren't you?
Tom is getting fat, isn't he?
I won't go to Boston without you.
Tom is going be OK, isn't he?
You're three years older than me, aren't you?
Tom is going blind, isn't he?
I'll give you a little more time.
Tom is happier now, isn't he?
You're the one who has to do that, aren't you?
Tom is hardworking, isn't he?
I'll help you clean up this mess.
Tom is heartbroken, isn't he?
You're the one who should do that, aren't you?
Tom is hungry, too, isn't he?
I'll let you handle that problem.
Tom is ignoring me, isn't he?
You're the only one who can do it, aren't you?
Tom is in his seat, isn't he?
I'll let you pay for lunch today.
Tom is in his tent, isn't he?
You're the only one who does that, aren't you?
Tom is in jail now, isn't he?
It cost you a fortune, didn't it?
Tom is in the army, isn't he?
It doesn't surprise you, does it?
Tom is in the room, isn't he?
You're too young to be doing that, aren't you?
Tom is independent, isn't he?
It's too spicy for you, isn't it?
Tom is influential, isn't he?
You're too young to join the army, aren't you?
Tom is intelligent, isn't he?
Please let me look at that again.
Tom is intoxicated, isn't he?
You're expected to do that as well, aren't you?
Tom is kind of fat, isn't he?
Please tell me about your family.
Tom is kind of shy, isn't he?
You're going to be late for school, aren't you?
Tom is left-handed, isn't he?
That doesn't bother you, does it?
Tom is lying again, isn't he?
You're three years older than I am, aren't you?
Tom is mad at Mary, isn't he?
That helped you a lot, didn't it?
Tom is married now, isn't he?
You're three years younger than me, aren't you?
Tom is moving away, isn't he?
That wouldn't help you, would it?
Tom is new in town, isn't he?
You're too young to buy cigarettes, aren't you?
Tom is now in jail, isn't he?
That'll help you a lot, won't it?
Tom is now married, isn't he?
You're too young to go there alone, aren't you?
Tom is now on duty, isn't he?
That's what scares you, isn't it?
Tom is now retired, isn't he?
You're going in the wrong direction, aren't you?
Tom is often wrong, isn't he?
What's going on in the next room?
Tom is on duty now, isn't he?
You're supposed to do that tomorrow, aren't you?
Tom is on our side, isn't he?
Your parents hate me, don't they?
Tom is on the list, isn't he?
You're supposed to do that yourself, aren't you?
Tom is on the roof, isn't he?
I can't remember when we did that.
Tom is on vacation, isn't he?
I felt really uncomfortable there.
Tom is out of town, isn't he?
You're the one who needs to do that, aren't you?
Tom is out of work, isn't he?
I won't make you do anything else.
Tom is over thirty, isn't he?
You're the one who ought to do that, aren't you?
Tom is pretty busy, isn't he?
I'll fax you the application form.
Tom is pretty cute, isn't he?
You're the only person who did that, aren't you?
Tom is pretty dumb, isn't he?
I'll give you a chance to explain.
Tom is pretty sick, isn't he?
You're the tallest boy in our class, aren't you?
Tom is pretty tall, isn't he?
I'll let you know when it's ready.
Tom is quite brave, isn't he?
You should have known it.
I don't know anyone who meets that description.
He should be satisfied.
You should say no.
Don't be evil!
People who are endearing to you and the endorsement of your hopes and dreams are the keys to happiness.
I now enjoin you to take hands and make your vows.
What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
We must destroy the devil.
Studying Indonesian is easy.
In my opinion, studying Indonesian is easy.
Do not disparage that man.
The delicious roast pork.
Give me your arrow.
I hope that will not happen again.
I was not Tom who requested that I do this.
Spring has already arrived. Each day is hotter than the last.
Tom knows that Mary cannot speak French.
What is the average price to rent a store here?
How much is the rent for this house?
If I find land here, what is the cost per meter of the land or what is the average price for land here?
Is this sold per kilo, as a set, or retail?
I think this place is better than this other place.
I do not know if there is a hospital around here.
Now I know your secret.
Now I know your secrets.
I must study Japanese.
We have two cherry trees in the yard.
A person without a friend is like having a left hand without a right hand.
My friend and I will go to Japan in August.
We play many different games at that party.
He plays guitar well.
Larry's house is the big white one on the corner.
Stupid questions will produce stupid answers.
Leonor opens the bottle with his teeth.
This apple is starting to rot.
I don't understand these.
Lend it to him.
You talk!
Tom isn't here anymore?
Tom hasn't arrived yet?
It is his own fault.
Tom and Maria are known for their hospitality.
Tom and Marie have a reputation for their hospitality.
You like the color of your room.
Translation isn't as simple as it seems to many people.
The sentences that Tom writes are difficult to translate.
Mary's sentences are comprehensible and easy to translate.
Are you able to convert pounds to kilograms?
Are you able to convert miles to kilometers?
Adding new sentences is more difficult than translating them.
No one is permitted to translate this sentence.
One cannot translate sentences literally.
People prefer to translate short sentences.
Tom, I'm tired of translating.
Can I take a sheet of paper?
They were inscribing the memorial with the soldiers' names.
Their boat's sail tore near the clew.
The lobbyists formed a special interest group.
They aim to prevent men from relegating women to secondary roles.
Employees involved in shipping and receiving are considered semi-skilled workers.
A milling machine is typically used to produce precise cuts in woodwork.
A contract was drawn up, stipulating that each party must pay a fee to the local government.
I looked at a reference manual for my car just to answer one question, but I spent the whole afternoon with my nose buried in it, just yak shaving, and got no work done on the car itself.
A light, northwesterly wind blew across the city.
A light, northeasterly wind blew across the pond.
As subduction occurs below the continental shelf, earthquakes become more likely.
He liked to use an air gun to shoot squirrels.
They signed the treaty, formalizing the agreement between the two countries.
The hyrax is a small mammal native the desert.
They signed an agreement, waiving the fee so that they could proceed in opening their business sooner.
Tom finally got the courage to propose to his girlfriend.
Tom proposed to his girlfriend and she said yes.
Tom and Mary watched 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom is a showman.
They're no longer a couple.
Tom and Mary are no longer a couple.
That seems really good, doesn't it? What do you think about it?
That sounds really good, doesn't it? What do you think about it?
Tom has no luck.
It wouldn't be so serious if Tom hadn't lost everything.
That couldn't work.
A boat went straight into a rock.
Tom visibly impressed everyone.
Yesterday, I had no luck.
I had no luck yesterday.
Don't be so slow.
Rules are just barriers to prevent children from falling.
Of course! After having talked about it so often, you can't forget it.
Because Tom had missed the bus, he took a taxi.
When you've eaten too much, your stomach regrets it, and when you haven't eaten enough, your stomach regrets it too.
The future is the past in preparation.
I didn't understand at all.
"Should I carry you to get across?" "That'd be very nice of you!"
What are you thinking about then?
Nothing has changed for two years.
For two years, nothing has changed.
Ever since I got hypnotized, I feel like time goes by slowly.
This cup is too big.
This bowl is too small.
"How's the tea?" "It's good."
Marie willingly gets up early.
Marie gets up early on her own will.
I got up at in the morning.
Did you hear the storm last night?
Did you hear the storm tonight?
Thank you, but I don't need your help.
Thank you, but I don't need help.
Thanks, but I don't eat jam.
You have a very nice family.
Then stop crying.
Tom bought a puppy.
I have two pets.
The radical in the Chinese character for "good" is the character for "woman".
The cat is sleeping near the crackling fire.
The flames licked the bottom of the stew pot.
If you like honey, don't be afraid of bees.
Those who want honey must not be afraid of bees.
Mary only has one child and would like a second one.
Her brother is one of my good friends.
His brother is one of my good friends.
What Tom likes the most is whiskey with ice.
Where are you going this summer?
It has been a pleasure to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. Here is my card.
Do you want to learn science with ease? Start off by learning your language.
We're following you.
God was I scared!
Limburger cheese is made with the same bacteria that causes human foot odor.
"Where's Tom going?" "To Munich."
"Where does Tom come from?" "Munich."
Ask Tom. He's one of my good friends.
We're going there too.
Summer is finally beginning.
You can also go up with the elevator.
You can also go up with the lift.
None of the clerks at the cheese counter in the Parisian gourmet grocery could speak English.
I'm not the one who's going to pay for the broken pots.
Where should we go down?
We're staying at this hotel for the night and we'll continue tomorrow morning.
All of you, please get down!
We're not laughing for no reason.
Shaving your hair is better than ripping it off.
The train is leaving right away.
If I were you, I'd stay here until the rain stops.
I support the spelling reform of the German language.
I suddenly feel very weak.
I suddenly feel all weak.
Why don't you use a hammer?
You don't look very well! What are you coming down with?
Tom ate everything except this tiny bit of cheese.
Tom is warming up by the fire.
How do you know if an egg is spoiled or not?
"Where are you sitting?" "On the fifth row."
"Where are my letters?" "On your desk."
"Where's your car?" "In front of the garage."
Tom waited for his wife for an hour.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
How's the salad? Is it good?
We can't get through. We have to find another way.
I'd give everything to see his mischievous smile again.
I'd give everything to see her mischievous smile again.
Get to the point, Tom! What do you want? Do you need money?
Tom is ready to give his kidney to save his mother.
They've been living in Paris for a year.
Tom quickly became famous.
For a few weeks, nothing special has happened.
There's something between her and him.
How many points do you have?
During the first days of June, it was hot.
"Where did that come from?" "I brought it here."
I want to clean the windows.
I could fall asleep in this chair.
Tom is a sleepwalker.
"Do you want to go take a walk?" "In this weather? It's pouring."
The question is sensitive.
Come on! It's so nice out. We're going to the riverside.
We can go take a walk on the riverside.
She got into trouble because she lost her passport.
Your bedroom is bigger than mine.
The question only allows one interpretation.
The roofs are modular.
The ceilings are removable.
The roofs are made with detachable pieces.
Her Dutch passport allowed her to travel easily.
His Dutch passport allowed him to travel easily.
Mary is a free woman.
Mary is a freed woman.
For almost a month, you haven't had any more news from Tom.
When did you start having vertigo?
I was a bit tense.
I just saw them together.
They don't have the permission to go there.
The film starts at 8.
Mary gets up at in the morning.
Tom intends to get up early tomorrow.
From tomorrow on, I won't smoke anymore.
What happened to you, dear friend?
From tomorrow on, I'll get up earlier.
I already know what Tom wants to tell me.
Yesterday I happened to run into Tom on the street.
From tomorrow on, a new life will begin.
Tom's father is a swimming teacher.
I want Tom to take a look at that.
The flower in the vase is yellow.
I hope you all have a good evening, and later, colorful dreams.
From the day after tomorrow on, everything will be completely different.
In a year, everything will be completely different.
It's a shame you're gone. I think about you often.
It's the start of spring.
The first year after the relocation from Boston was very difficult. After that, it became easier.
It's not an error, but just a little imprecision.
There's nobody here. Where are they all?
Who said it was Saturday today? Today's Sunday!
"Who did you suggest that to?" "Everybody." "And who agreed?" "Nobody."
We can go to the museum.
Then come by my place tomorrow afternoon!
Who is Tom afraid of?
Is that your name?
Tom already forgot you.
I'd like to know where Tom hid his key.
What is that? It's a car.
I'm not hungry at the moment.
Have you finally cleaned your room?
We can take a walk.
Hello, my name is Pekka. What's your name?
You've only been here for a day and you already know almost the whole city.
Your mother just called. She's sick.
She's very scared of mice.
From tomorrow on, I'll get up very early.
We've only been married for a week and you're already coming home so late!
We didn't see you.
Why are you lazy?
I don't know anymore.
I was watching videos.
Explain it to me in further detail.
What are some of your favourite foods?
Turn the radio down please! I can't bear it anymore.
Hunger is the seasoning of every dish.
Don't let Tom do that here!
I'm starving! When do we eat?
Mary is chewing some gum.
Mary excels at tennis.
The poor lack many things, but the greedy lack everything.
What can that do?
And what can that do?
Tom learned how to read and write at school.
Tom never learned how to read and write.
Don't hesitate if you need something.
I wonder if this dress still fits me.
That was too cool!
I'm in love with you too.
You're even more beautiful than on your photos.
You're even more beautiful when you smile.
I don't even have a single photo of her.
I still don't even have a single photo of her left.
Good books don't stay new. Like good men, we wear them out quickly.
There are three good things in the world: work, work, and work. And it's a lazy person who tells you that.
A poet is someone who goes to the end of who they are, someone who dares to be who they are, who doesn't join the herd of those who follow.
What's the male equivalent of a starlet?
Mary is a starlet.
The apartment was silent.
I went to sit down where you sat this morning and I heard what you had thought.
Even if you move back, you advance towards death.
We don't have any tables in the living room, but we have the window.
You're my sand. I'm your wave. The sweat is our sea.
I'm up to date.
What village do you come from?
I don't know anything about his private life.
I don't know anything about her private life.
A butterfly: a thought that flies.
A lot of people think about living for a long time, few about living well.
The hand that gives is happier than the one that receives.
Tom didn't know Mary liked him.
Where is my handkerchief?
I lost my handkerchief.
May I have a handkerchief?
Thinking is easy. Taking action is difficult. Taking action according to thoughts is the most difficult thing in the world.
Taking action is easy, thinking is difficult. Taking action according to thoughts is the most difficult thing in the world.
I'm sure we're going to win.
Then who did you talk with?
Today, stress is the number one risk for the health of workers in the world.
We always have enough time if we manage it well.
We always have enough time if we use it correctly.
Tom would like a small white tissue.
Did you think about your toothbrush?
I would like a large slice of cake and a cup of coffee.
Do you remember the second lesson?
Did you get angry too?
We walked to the park.
I didn't know he decided to quit his job.
Are you making fun of me or do you seriously think so?
"What are you thinking about?" "Lunchtime."
You're not making fun of me?
She wasn't very happy.
She isn't sad.
Tomorrow, you'll be happy.
They love to sleep.
They like to sleep.
The child suddenly licked their mother's hand.
He hated me before.
Tom's in line at the store.
The mushrooms look good for roasting.
You're too old to apply for the job, aren't you?
Tom is quite drunk, isn't he?
I'll stay with you a while longer.
Tom is quite fussy, isn't he?
You're way too old to be doing this, aren't you?
Tom is quite lucky, isn't he?
I'll tell you what has to be done.
Tom is quite picky, isn't he?
You're still keeping secrets from me, aren't you?
Tom is quite young, isn't he?
I'll tell you what should be done.
Tom is rather slow, isn't he?
You're supposed to be doing that now, aren't you?
Tom is ready to go, isn't he?
I'll tell you what the problem is?
Tom is really cute, isn't he?
You're the best student in the class, aren't you?
Tom is really late, isn't he?
I'll tell you when dinner's ready.
Tom is really mean, isn't he?
It doesn't count. You didn't know.
Tom is presumptuous.
I think it would've been better to shut up.
I think it would've been better not to have said anything.
I think it would be better not to say anything.
She got over the death of her mother.
She got over the death of her father.
We are fighting an enemy we don't know.
You're the one that wanted to see me, aren't you?
Tom is really sick, isn't he?
I'm not really allowed to do that.
Tom is resting now, isn't he?
You're the one who planted that tree, aren't you?
Tom is retired now, isn't he?
It doesn't matter to you, does it?
Tom is showing off, isn't he?
You're the one who started the fight, aren't you?
Tom is sick in bed, isn't he?
It really bothered you, didn't it?
Tom is soft-spoken, isn't he?
You're expected to be here until 2:30, aren't you?
Tom is still angry, isn't he?
It's making you nervous, isn't it?
Tom is still awake, isn't he?
Why don't we go on a picnic?
Let me tell you about our project.
Tom is thickheaded, isn't he?
You're the next in line for promotion, aren't you?
I need her name.
When I was little, I collected stamps.
What Mary did did not please me.
Adagio in G minor by Tomaso Albinoni is one of the most appreciated pieces of classical music.
My wife is six months pregnant with our first son.
Go change quickly or else I won't bring you along.
Stop staring at it like that.
Stop staring at her like that.
His skin was sprinkled with freckles.
Her skin was sprinkled with freckles.
His light skin was sprinkled with freckles.
Her light skin was sprinkled with freckles.
Tom built a raft.
How long have I been unconscious?
The man is unhappy because he doesn't know he's happy.
Violence is a weak force.
I travel to see the world.
There's something else you should know about me.
Tom has a tough heart.
It's a sacred number.
My car is right there.
Did you argue with him?
Thanks for inviting me to the movies.
You only think about having fun.
Tom only thinks about money.
Tom went fishing for crayfish.
This tree has already been topped this summer.
Fuck borders.
Vegan food tastes delicious with nutritional yeast.
If you want to examine a modest person's modesty, don't look at whether they dislike praise. Look at whether they can take criticism.
Everyone lies.
Motherfucker!
Put your letter in this envelope.
Maria believes that the use of industrial methods is unavoidable in order to ensure low prices.
Is it true that dolphins save the lives of people at sea?
A young woman was playing harp near the open window.
When Tom woke up at 4:in the morning, he didn't know where he was anymore.
Keep going! You're on the right path.
If it rains tonight, I won't go out of my house.
He didn't come, despite his promise.
Very few species of spiders in my country are actually dangerous.
I like Hungarian.
This world isn't big enough for the two of us!
A lot has happened in the meantime.
I had it coming.
I'm just spitballing here.
There was no escape.
Tom and Mary went white-water rafting.
Tourists come here to admire the view.
The world's largest indoor beach is located in Brandenburg, Germany.
There's not a cloud in sight.
There was not a cloud in sight.
I will be able to prove that soon.
This is fun. We should do it again.
This is fun. We should do this again.
Don't go near the lava.
A man was injured by lava spatter.
The Pope will appoint new cardinals next month.
Italy is the country of romance.
Tom and Mary went on a romantic trip to Italy.
Fantastic.
Pompeii is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Where will we be going to?
That's a great idea!
Whose great idea was this?
Tom heard thunder in the distance.
Tom listened to relaxing music.
Mary listened to relaxing music.
I went to bed, but I couldn't fall asleep.
Mary drew her knees to her chest.
Tom unwrapped the chocolate.
The only thing that we expect from you is that you keep your promise.
I'm worried Tom will get lost.
Please stop eating.
Did you sometimes have to help your mother cook dinner when you were a kid?
Did you sometimes have to help your mother cook dinner when you were a child?
Do you think it'll be cold tonight?
Do you think that it'll be cold tonight?
I think it might snow tonight.
I think that it might snow tonight.
I heard your dog ran away.
I heard that your dog ran away.
Tom is trying hard, isn't he?
That made you very sad, didn't it?
Tom is very active, isn't he?
You're the one who solved the problem, aren't you?
Tom is very bright, isn't he?
That was tough for you, wasn't it?
Tom is very clever, isn't he?
You're the one who told me to do that, aren't you?
Tom is very clumsy, isn't he?
That's important to you, isn't it?
Tom is very hungry, isn't he?
You're the one who told me to do this, aren't you?
Tom is very scared, isn't he?
What's your new girlfriend's name?
Tom is very sleepy, isn't he?
You're the one who told us to do that, aren't you?
Tom is very sneaky, isn't he?
Do you want me to come and get you?
Tom is very stingy, isn't he?
You're the only one who can't do that, aren't you?
Tom is very strict, isn't he?
Do you want me to get you a pillow?
Tom is very stupid, isn't he?
You're the worst student in the class, aren't you?
Tom is watching TV, isn't he?
Do you want me to get you a ticket?
Tom is wearing red, isn't he?
You're going to have to deal with that, aren't you?
Tom is working now, isn't he?
I don't really want that to happen.
Tom is your nephew, isn't he?
You're going to have to do it yourself, aren't you?
You're going to have to do that by yourself, aren't you?
I never want to speak to you again.
Tom is Mary's uncle, isn't he?
You're going to have to pay in advance, aren't you?
Tom is a bad driver, isn't he?
I won't ask you any more questions.
Tom is a bad kisser, isn't he?
You're supposed to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom is a big coward, isn't he?
I won't ask you to do that anymore.
Tom is a bricklayer, isn't he?
You're the one who caused the accident, aren't you?
Tom is a bright boy, isn't he?
I won't leave you here by yourself.
Tom is a bright guy, isn't he?
You're the one who should pay the bill, aren't you?
Tom is a bright kid, isn't he?
"I love you!" "I love you too!"
I'd like to speak with the manager.
Tom is a bus driver, isn't he?
You're the only Canadian in our school, aren't you?
Tom is a clever boy, isn't he?
I'll help you clean out the garage.
Tom is a clever kid, isn't he?
You're the only one here who has a car, aren't you?
Tom is a coal miner, isn't he?
I'll tell you how to get to Boston.
Tom is a decent guy, isn't he?
What do you think about it? It'd be great!
Tom brings me to the office every morning.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't there.
You're the only one who didn't do that, aren't you?
Tom is a doctor now, isn't he?
I'll tell you what's going on here.
Tom is a fast eater, isn't he?
You're the only one who has to do that, aren't you?
Tom is a father now, isn't he?
It happened to you, too, didn't it?
Tom is a good coach, isn't he?
You're the worst student in this class, aren't you?
Tom is a good skier, isn't he?
It really surprised you, didn't it?
Tom is a hockey fan, isn't he?
You're glad that that's going to happen, aren't you?
Tom is a late riser, isn't he?
It's been rough for you, hasn't it?
Tom is a little odd, isn't he?
You're going to have to stop doing that, aren't you?
Unfortunately, Tom isn't here.
Unfortunately, that's not going to happen.
Unfortunately, I won't be able to attend today's meeting.
You weren't really surprised, were you?
That wasn't supposed to happen, was it?
Tom is a lot better, isn't he?
Please give me your honest opinion.
Tom is a pharmacist, isn't he?
You're much heavier than you used to be, aren't you?
Tom is a polite boy, isn't he?
Please tell me about your children.
This is far from perfect.
I don't earn that much.
I asked Tom how long he lived in Boston.
They don't care about appearances at all.
If he'll find you here, he'll kill you.
Tom suggested that I steam vegetables rather than boil them.
Tom suggested I steam vegetables rather than boil them.
Tom looks a lot like his father, doesn't he?
Tom is letting his hair grow long.
Since Tom is sick in bed, I'm going to postpone my trip.
I've lost three kilograms in the last three weeks.
I've lost three kilos in the last three weeks.
Tom lost thirty pounds over the summer.
We've postponed our wedding until October.
I stayed after school to help clean the classroom.
Tom rode his bicycle over to Mary's.
Tom rode his bicycle over to Mary's house.
I have something I'd like to discuss with you.
All of your answers were correct except one.
All of your answers were correct but one.
My clothes are still wet.
I had a new roof put on my house.
Let us not struggle with destiny. Better that we let it take us by the hair and pull us to where it wants to raise us up or bring us down.
This stain won't come out easily.
I don't think I'll be able to get this stain out.
I was surprised to hear that Tom had done that.
I was surprised to hear Tom had done that.
I was surprised when I heard that Tom had committed suicide.
I was surprised when I heard Tom had committed suicide.
Don't tread on it.
There's not enough room in the trunk for another suitcase.
I think that what Tom said was correct.
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy here.
I've been teaching Tom French.
I've been teaching Tom how to play the guitar.
You mustn't leave me!
You'll die if you aren't telling the truth.
I must sleep a bit.
He still couldn't remember my name.
What are you guys looking for?
You'll die if you don't tell the truth.
It's always good to be underestimated.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
If we treat people as they are, we make them worse. If we treat people as they ought to be, we help them become what they are capable of becoming.
I advise you, don't mess with me, I know karate, kung fu, judo, taekwondo, jujutsu, and other dangerous words!
I am coming inside to drink coffee.
I'm coming inside to drink coffee.
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
Patience is the art of hope.
A true friend, who dares to tell us our faults, is the greatest present of gods.
One's freedom ends where another's begins.
Their reputation is good.
They have a good reputation.
I didn't want to sit beside Tom.
Races, in the sense of neatly separated genetic or ancestral groupings that can be reliably identified by superficial characteristics such as skin color, language, or religion, are generally arbitrary social constructs, but even if they were objective categorizations, this would by no means make hatred between the "races" necessary or desirable.
Have you seen my flash drive?
Tom to control, do you read me?
Don't be such a fatalist, Tom.
Tom is a trueborn Bostonian.
Tom is the trueborn son of the King and the rightful heir to the throne.
Ali is a born-and-raised Istanbulite.
Ali is a trueborn Istanbulite.
Do you plan to go again?
Do you plan on going again?
Tom said you went camping last weekend.
Tom said that you went camping last weekend.
I've been to Boston, but only one time.
I've been to Boston, but only once.
Tom is a slow eater, isn't he?
You're much thinner than you used to be, aren't you?
Tom is a songwriter, isn't he?
That bothered you a lot, didn't it?
Tom is a sore loser, isn't he?
You're the one responsible for all this, aren't you?
Tom is a strong guy, isn't he?
That cost you a fortune, didn't it?
Tom is a strong kid, isn't he?
You're the one who should be doing that, aren't you?
Tom is a strong man, isn't he?
That makes you nervous, doesn't it?
Tom is a vegetarian, isn't he?
You're the only person that can do this, aren't you?
Tom is about my age, isn't he?
That never happens to you, does it?
Tom is about thirty, isn't he?
You're going to be late for school again, aren't you?
Tom is about to cry, isn't he?
That really scares you, doesn't it?
Who's Tom afraid of?
It wasn't Tom who requested that I do this.
It wasn't Tom who requested I do this.
I think that you're underestimating yourself.
How was your trip to Italy?
Mosquitoes are attracted to smell of human feet and Limburger cheese.
Tom is acting weird, isn't he?
You're going to have to do that yourself, aren't you?
Tom is afraid of me, isn't he?
That seems fair to you, doesn't it?
Tom is afraid of us, isn't he?
You're old enough to do that by yourself, aren't you?
Tom is almost broke, isn't he?
That worries you a lot, doesn't it?
Tom is almost ready, isn't he?
You're old enough to do that on your own, aren't you?
I think that Tom would be willing to go with us.
Tom is already back, isn't he?
That's driving you crazy, isn't it?
Tom is already here, isn't he?
You're the one who said I should do that, aren't you?
Tom is already home, isn't he?
This desk cost you $300, didn't it?
Tom is always broke, isn't he?
You're the only one who knows what to do, aren't you?
Tom is always early, isn't he?
What are your plans for the future?
Tom is ambidextrous, isn't he?
You're the only one who needs to do that, aren't you?
Tom is an adult now, isn't he?
What kind of things make you angry?
Tom is an alcoholic, isn't he?
You're the only one who wants to do that, aren't you?
Tom is an architect, isn't he?
What songs are you best at singing?
Tom is at the beach, isn't he?
You're going to need more money than that, aren't you?
The idea that eggs may pose danger to health has been spread widely by many popular websites and magazines.
Despite being rich in cholesterol, eggs are also a great source of healthful nutrients, such as protein, vitamins, phospholipids, and carotenoids.
Carotenoids present in egg yolk have been demonstrated to be highly bioavailable, which makes eggs an interesting carrier of these biologically active pigments.
One egg a day may keep stroke at bay.
They could do that.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor is cute, screw the fruit!
They could never do that.
An onion a day keeps mosquitoes away.
France hosted and won the World Cup of 1998.
How much would you pay me?
You're the only one who's not able to do that, aren't you?
You're the only one who isn't able to do that, aren't you?
No one comes to visit us anymore.
Nobody comes to visit us anymore.
No one told us this might happen.
Nobody told us this might happen.
Tom is unlikely to get married.
Tom isn't likely to get married.
Tom is convinced Mary is guilty.
Tom is convinced that Mary is guilty.
Tom is convinced Mary is innocent.
Tom is awfully calm, isn't he?
Where should I put these suitcases?
Tom is awfully sick, isn't he?
You're the only one to survive the attack, aren't you?
You're the only one who survived the attack, aren't you?
Tom is back in jail, isn't he?
You've been fortunate, haven't you?
Tom is back in town, isn't he?
You're the only one who's able to do that, aren't you?
Tom is coming today, isn't he?
Do you know exactly what's going on?
Tom is crying again, isn't he?
You're the only person who didn't do that, aren't you?
You're the only person who hasn't yet done that, aren't you?
Tom is dead serious, isn't he?
How many hours do you work per week?
Tom is disorganized, isn't he?
You're too young to remember the nineties, aren't you?
What's written on the stone?
The less we think, the more we talk.
The universe is the temple and the Earth is the altar.
I listened to the radio this morning.
Please listen when I'm speaking!
It was written in this morning's newspaper.
The sun sets in the west and rises in the east.
The past is the past, and what's dead is dead.
Who are you meeting at 15:00?
Who are you meeting at 3:00PM?
Do you know whose friend she is?
"What is this?" "Hell."
"What are you eating?" "Hare fricassee."
"I'm better now. How did I survive 2011?" said Tom.
Tom is learning French, Spanish, and Italian.
The Romans were civilized, but were also inclined to debauchery.
Tom built a footbridge over his neighbor's fish pond while they were vacationing.
Don't drink all the orange juice.
Fruit juice is fattening.
Please cut your toenails.
Tom is doing better, isn't he?
I didn't really want that to happen.
Tom is drinking tea, isn't he?
You're about three inches taller than I am, aren't you?
Tom is eating lunch, isn't he?
I won't ask you that question again.
Tom is exaggerating, isn't he?
You're about three years younger than I am, aren't you?
Tom is following us, isn't he?
I'll be doing that all day tomorrow.
Tom and Mary ate sausage with mustard and sauerkraut.
Please don't kiss the cats.
The cats are playing outside.
The puppy slept on Tom's head.
Mary kissed the puppy on the head.
Mary ate five hamburgers after helping her uncle with the harvest.
We harvested the pumpkins by throwing them to each other and then up to someone on the truck.
Tom threw a rotten pumpkin to Mary. It exploded when she tried to catch it.
What is the goal of that action?
If you finally calm down, I could comb your hair.
Our train is not stopping in Lyon. We must change trains.
A savory bite doesn't wait long.
You have to choose one of them!
Tom has a dentist appointment.
You have to settle for one of the two!
You're so slow!
You'll understand when you have children.
The young woman sat on the couch.
Tom is getting help, isn't he?
You're old enough to take care of yourself, aren't you?
Tom is going to cry, isn't he?
I'll give you a couple more minutes.
Tom is going to win, isn't he?
You're the only one who thinks that's true, aren't you?
Tom is good at golf, isn't he?
I'll give you this one and that one.
Tom is good at math, isn't he?
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to him anymore.
Don't take it so tragically!
This rice has too much saffron.
They're with each other.
She's a high schooler.
How long did you stay in Australia?
Where did you stay when you were in Australia?
I've had a slight headache all day.
You're too young to get a driver's license, aren't you?
Tom is good at that, isn't he?
I'll give you time to think it over.
Tom is good at this, isn't he?
You're going to have to do better than that, aren't you?
Tom is helping Mary, isn't he?
I'll let you know the results later.
Tom is here to help, isn't he?
Tom is here to stay, isn't he?
We don't know our neighbours.
This is a simple free counter. You can create as many counters as you want to count everything you want. Application also allows creating countdown counters.
This work consists of volumes.
I bet you aced your exams.
I bet you smashed your exams.
Tom smashed his French exam.
Take a look at these tyres.
In the summer I go to the sea and in winter I go to the mountain.
My parents are arguing again.
I don't have snow chains for my car.
Children need models more than critics.
He's trying to learn a new programming language.
What was life like for children back in ancient history?
Upon hearing the remark, she snorted with laughter.
The class will be taught by a substitute teacher for about two weeks.
The girl nudged her friend in the side.
Although their traditions may seem a bit odd, please try and keep an open mind.
The epitaph engraved on the headstone was a meaningful, succinct poem.
He procured his birth certificate in order to prove his identity.
The quaint little antique shop is full of unique trinkets, knick-knacks, and curios.
After examining the picture of the oddly constructed waterways, Tom finally determined it to be an optical illusion.
The quote was underlined triply in pink highlighter.
Lacing tightly a pair of worn sneakers, the athlete started off with a light jog.
The availability of this item is shaky.
The causes are firstly rooted in deep-seated resentment.
Soon the disenfranchised, downtrodden laymen started a full out uprising, seeking to tear out the remnants of their oppression.
The various atrocities performed still shock and terrify the world today.
There is a throbbing pain in my leg.
The unopened pack of crayons smelled amazing.
He swore he had photographic memory, despite the fact he couldn't remember what he ate last night for dinner.
Stop being such a pest!
I have a love-hate relationship with that trite yet colorful book.
Guests mingled at the wedding reception.
She had always admired the blue eyes of a husky dog.
Here is an overview of the presentation.
Stepping on fallen autumn leaves made a satisfying crunching noise.
In all fairness, you did break into the house.
The hostess was reimbursed for the party's expenses.
A valid ID card is required to enter.
Whatever you do, you can absolutely not go there.
His grandmother suffers from Alzheimer's disease.
Good work will be rewarded with a hefty premium.
The pool tile was disgusting looking, being full of gunk.
Haphazard eating habits caused the castaway's food supply to be quickly depleted.
We'll need streamers, tablecloths, balloons, bouquets, and so on and so forth in order to make this party look fantastic.
This packet contains important information about this prescription.
Besides it being incredibly catchy, I like nothing about this song.
He ought to go to anger management classes to quell his explosive anger.
It was obvious that the production was heavily improvised then and there.
She suffers from a debilitating case of alcoholism.
This has an interesting aftertaste.
The pop sensation has many admirers.
Two figures emerged from the room.
I'll marry her one way or the other.
The table legs were hard and sturdy.
The invention of the Internet has revolutionized the world of academia for the better.
They were involved in a money laundering scheme.
The ladder was placed plumb against the wall.
His sentence of solitary confinement permanently ruined his life.
Her hair was done in a ridiculous beehive style.
With some minor reinforcements, this structure will be able to withstand against anything.
He plans to integrate real-world scenarios into his lessons.
The sword was reinforced with steel.
He is majoring in political science.
I've got many a blister from my ill-prepared hike yesterday.
The ramifications of his execution was much greater than any of them expected.
The common denominator of a half and a third would be six.
She bought a dozen chocolate chip cookies for her son.
The otter swam playfully in the lake.
The scene would awe and terrify anyone.
Machine translation, while growing in accuracy, is a poor way of creating translated documents.
He's famous for his meatloaf.
The two friends settled down on the couch to re-watch their favorite chick flick.
Dust coated the old teak table.
We'll have to perform a kind of psychological warfare on our consumers if we want them to buy into this.
It would be an absolute pleasure to thwart that villain's plan.
Topping off the performance with a backflip, the dancer preened in the applause.
Have you experienced any nasal drip?
Clusters of bees flitted to and fro the hive.
A cluster of sores decorated the skin.
Ask a rhetorical question to get people thinking and excited.
Driving to work everyday was a mindless activity.
This aisle is reserved solely for toothbrushes.
Amidst the chaos, he instantly realized the pointlessness of it all.
I'm not going lower than 20$; take it or leave it.
His girlfriend suffers from borderline personality disorder.
She immediately apologized for her abrasive comment.
Today's your birthday! Put some pep in your step!
Today, they conducted a statewide test for all of the students.
He met his stepsister for the first time today.
The car crash was a near-death experience.
The windshield wiper washed away the pollen coating the car's windows.
He had to visit a speech therapist for his lisp.
There is a cornucopia of programming languages out there.
He was a pathological liar.
She restlessly twisted and turned in bed.
Steer clear of the woods, especially at night.
These two words are always together, without exception.
She didn't believe in fate, but insisted that their meeting had to be predetermined.
Supply and demand is an important feature of economics.
The dwindling supply led to great anxiety in the community.
The shroud obscured the dancer's face.
The student offered to be a teacher's assistant, or a TA.
The actress is totally drop-dead gorgeous.
When I had surgery on my hip, I had an out-of-body experience.
He magnified the image on his phone.
I can envision a future where all peoples get along just nicely.
The secret cove was a aesthete's dream.
The baker made a delicious blackberry pie.
The radioactive waste dumped here years ago just spells out trouble to me.
He has an affinity for all things artistic.
The model's elongated form was a great beauty and envy to all.
The resurrected interest in the band brought them a second chance at success.
She cut her fringe in a blunt style.
I can feel you conspiring behind my back.
Her lashes were painted with dark mascara.
It's time to obliterate those walls of yours!
At last, the party reached their final destination.
She thanked her rescuers profusely.
The show is prefixed with a warning disclaimer.
It was an unwise decision to try to vilify the beloved singer.
Horrific hallucinations littered her mind just before she fell asleep.
She wore a black turtleneck sweater without any sleeves.
She was gripped by an unsettling feeling.
The lady of the house is fashionably plump with a taste for gourmet chocolates.
When traditional cures didn't work, the desperate parents turned to alternative medicine to heal their son.
These are the parameters that the method has.
The tall, curved fence was adorned with barbed wire, for extra measure.
The usually delicious meal was tainted with unwashed hands.
Freedom of the press is one of the telltale signs of a free and democratic country.
It's difficult to differentiate between twins.
The anniversary of the martyr's death is celebrated as a national holiday.
Parallel parking is considered to be the most difficult part of driving.
A sanitation crew was called in to deal with the mess.
Warm and comfortable apparel is necessary for winter outings.
A cult classic spaghetti western was playing at the theater.
The purpose of Greek drama was to create a cathartic feeling in audiences.
The Traveling Salesman Problem is a pertinent koan among computer scientists.
The child was the national treasure of the nation.
Developing hand-eye coordination is one reason behind having a gym class.
The team of choreographers labored over designing a routine.
The happy couple celebrated their silver wedding anniversary.
The folk singer introduced an enchanting ditty about nature.
It is prime time to dispel all rumors about me.
He asked his personal assistant to ignore any phone-calls from his mother.
After a concussion, he suffered mildly from amnesia.
Despite all of the pitfalls, this project turned out to be a huge success.
Greet attendees with a charming smile.
Don't be afraid to be forceful in selling your product.
Some kind of physical education is important for children in this day and age.
Mary buys her makeup on the Internet.
My girlfriend doesn't want to watch black and white films.
My old aunt Mary is playing on a new piano.
I need time to breathe.
I need time to unwind.
I watch a lot of TV shows after work.
The song was reminiscent of a barbershop quartet.
The couple was showered with gifts for their golden anniversary.
Tom gave the vote of confidence to Mary, wishing her good luck on her speech.
The panthers prowled through the jungle.
Veganism is an alternative lifestyle.
The woman was the child's surrogate mother.
All this paperwork just clutters my desk.
The doctor used a tongue depressor to examine the patient's throat.
Her glasses let her see with twenty-twenty vision.
Friendly words will mitigate their fury.
Shoppers lined up to purchase a popular role-playing game.
He asked me the sixty-four thousand dollar question: "Will you marry me?"
The man has a quick temper.
Soldiers guarded the demilitarized zone.
Our mission statement is to shelter the homeless, feed the hungry, and heal the sick.
This novel will certainly go like hot cakes when it's published.
Tom wrote to the advice column.
The famous watercolor painting hung in a museum.
Companies are developing facial-recognition software to enhance their products.
She was declared a genius when she was merely a kindergartner.
I cross my heart and hope to die that this will stay between us.
There's not a damn thing you can say to convince me otherwise.
They hurried inside before you can say Jack Robinson.
Do you know who is narrating this documentary?
The altar boy dutifully followed the priest.
The signs all blew off of the signposts.
I'm just a figment of your imagination.
That man suffers from post-traumatic stress syndrome.
The broadcaster made edits to the television schedule.
This test places you in the 90th percentile of the population.
There is a terrible stigma against these people.
Student council is not a popularity contest.
The scientist hypothesized the result of the experiment.
She purchased a generic version of a medication.
The International Phonetic Alphabet was created in 1888.
Purple drapery hung in front of the windows.
You'll scare the living daylights out of her!
The choir sung an a capella version of the song.
What kind of events go in the long-term memory?
The teacher handed a rubric for the assignment to the students.
He is eating homemade apple sauce.
She dyed her hair strawberry blonde.
He was charged with indecent exposure.
The duo arrived on stage.
This technology is driven by speech recognition software.
A poster was stapled onto a signpost.
In times of great need, we need a miracle.
She wore a golden anklet.
The lamp had a fluorescent light.
What's your sign of the zodiac?
The whole operation was very above board.
He purchased a recreational vehicle.
You have your head in the sand instead of paying attention to the people who matter.
She went for a deep tissue massage because her back was hurting.
If you become any more famous, we'll have to roll out the red carpet for you.
Is this console backwards compatible?
I looked at the bewildering sight.
He conducted a webinar.
Her hands were cold and frostbitten.
He donned a business suit.
Tom received an honorable mention for his commendable work.
The website displayed a small blurb of a blog post.
Saint Patrick's Day is celebrated in March.
Critical thinking is an important skill for any career.
Hydrochloric acid can burn the skin.
Tom ordered the fish a la carte.
Traditional medicine often utilizes herbs.
She accidentally printed out a ditto.
Tom won't sell us out.
Tom won't flip on us.
Tom is on hormone therapy.
Does Tom smoke?
I'm done talking.
Tom is taking a huge chance, isn't he?
Who ate with you?
Does Tom snore?
Is it my turn now?
Tom is supposed to be there, isn't he?
It's cold tonight.
Tom is here early.
Do you wear a ring?
Tom is still working for us, isn't he?
Please repeat that.
Tom is home early.
Are you thirsty now?
Tom is still planning to go, isn't he?
Do you have to sing?
Tom is stuck here.
Do you drive to work?
Tom is still in the library, isn't he?
Do you enjoy bowling?
Does Tom play golf?
When do you watch TV?
Tom is still in the kitchen, isn't he?
I didn't mind waiting.
Tom is about ready.
I felt really anxious.
Tom is still full of energy, isn't he?
I watched that happen.
Tom is handling it.
Are you a fast swimmer?
Tom is still at the library, isn't he?
Are you a good swimmer?
Tom is quite tired.
Do you ever swim alone?
Tom is still angry with you, isn't he?
Does your father smoke?
Tom is being unfair.
I couldn't handle that.
Tom is still afraid of Mary, isn't he?
What'll you do tonight?
Tom is on probation.
Did you ski last winter?
Tom is still a little angry, isn't he?
Do you have a blue coat?
Tom was scared, too.
Do you often drink milk?
Tom is staying with friends, isn't he?
Do you take trips often?
Tom is among friends.
It's really foggy today.
Tom is somewhat pessimistic, isn't he?
Do you go downtown often?
I never sing with Tom.
I've never sung with Tom.
I'm always happy to help.
Tom is someone we can trust, isn't he?
I've called an ambulance.
Tom called his lawyer.
Are you able to swim well?
Tom is smarter than Mary is, isn't he?
Do you enjoy working here?
Tom is being detained.
Do you enjoy your classes?
Tom is skeptical about that, isn't he?
Do you get much rain here?
Tom is being paranoid.
Do you get much snow here?
Tom is sitting next to Mary, isn't he?
Do you practice every day?
Tom is eating popcorn.
I wasn't here last Monday.
Tom is shorter than Mary is, isn't he?
Please give me an example.
Tom is getting sloppy.
Please say that once more.
Tom is seeing another woman, isn't he?
Do you get a haircut often?
Tom is ready for this.
Do you often make mistakes?
Tom is scared to talk to me, isn't he?
Do you write letters often?
Do we need to help Tom?
Does your mother play golf?
Tom is scared to go outside, isn't he?
I do this almost every day.
Tom doesn't blame Mary.
I've never liked doing that.
Tom is scared of Mary's dog, isn't he?
Do you have a part-time job?
Tom is leaving tonight.
Do you prefer bread or rice?
Tom is running out of money, isn't he?
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Tom bought a motorcycle.
Do you recommend doing that?
Tom is responsible for that, isn't he?
Do you usually get up early?
Tom didn't get anything.
I do that because I like to.
Tom is renovating his house, isn't he?
I eat rice almost every day.
Does Tom read many books?
My mother often bakes bread.
Tom is reluctant to do that, isn't he?
Did you study hard in school?
Tom has gone to the bank.
Do many of your friends swim?
Tom is really good at chess, isn't he?
Do you come to school by bus?
Tom is being transferred.
Do you do that every morning?
Tom is really a good worker, isn't he?
Do you ever swim by yourself?
Tom is to blame for that.
Do you sing in the bath?
Tom is pretty much finished, isn't he?
Do you live in a large house?
Tom makes friends easily.
Do you put salt on your eggs?
Tom is pretty good at chess, isn't he?
Was it an interesting speech?
Tom is visiting relatives.
Who do you usually swim with?
Tom is pretty bad at tennis, isn't he?
Can most of your friends swim?
Tom stole money from Mary.
Did you go downtown yesterday?
Tom is pretty bad at French, isn't he?
Did you go shopping yesterday?
Tom is graduating tomorrow.
Did you have a cold last week?
Tom is planning to be there, isn't he?
Do all Asians have black hair?
Tom is perfectly safe here.
Do you enjoy visiting museums?
Tom is permitted to do that, isn't he?
Do you go shopping every week?
Tom is studying for a test.
Do you often go to the movies?
Tom is peeling the potatoes, isn't he?
Do you often read comic books?
Tom is willing to help you.
Give us time to talk about it.
Tom is packing his suitcase, isn't he?
Give us time to think it over.
Tom went back to Australia.
I overslept yesterday morning.
Tom is on the baseball team, isn't he?
No one will give us any money.
Does Tom usually wear a hat?
Please tell us how to do that.
Tom is on his way to Boston, isn't he?
Tell us what needs to be done.
Has Tom ever been to Boston?
Where do you usually hang out?
Tom is on his way back home, isn't he?
Who's going to give us a ride?
Would you repeat that, please?
Tom is older than all of us, isn't he?
Are you able to swim every day?
Tom asked us for some money.
Come back and pick us up later.
Tom is often late for class, isn't he?
Do you have a lot of free time?
Does Tom wash dishes at home?
Do you know how to sail a boat?
Tom is now living in Boston, isn't he?
Do you wash clothes every week?
I never go shopping with Tom.
Don't ever do that to us again.
Tom is much taller than you, isn't he?
Is somebody going to let us in?
Tom is having money problems.
Please don't ask us to do that.
Tom is much shorter than me, isn't he?
Please teach us how to do that.
Tom is really good at guitar.
Where do you usually buy bread?
Tom is much older than Mary, isn't he?
You shouldn't go outside today.
Tom denied that he killed Mary.
After supper I usually watch TV.
Tom is much older than I am, isn't he?
Did you go dancing last weekend?
Do you think Tom is a good cook?
Did you go to a party last week?
Tom is much nicer than Mary, isn't he?
Do we have any homework tonight?
I've never eaten lunch with Tom.
Do you eat vegetables every day?
Tom is motivated to do that, isn't he?
Do you often eat at restaurants?
I've only seen Tom do that once.
Give us a bit more time, please.
Tom is married to a dentist, isn't he?
I do that more than once a week.
My teacher's name is Tom Jackson.
I have to be in Boston tomorrow.
Tom is making a big mistake, isn't he?
We can leave our baggage in a locker.
I feel like a heavy fatigue is falling on me.
The sparrow rose straight upward.
The eagle rose straight upward.
The falcon rose straight upward.
The owl rose straight upward.
The sparrow flies through the sunny valley.
The eagle flies through the sunny valley.
The bird flies through the sunny savannah.
Tom hears the chirps of birds.
Tom hears the chirps of sparrows.
The birds fly by flapping their wings.
She was chased by a rabid dog.
He was appreciative of her kindness.
The man beckoned his servant to come to him.
She was hailed for her virtuous and selfless demeanor.
It was declared a state of emergency once the hurricane hit.
His administrator privileges were revoked.
The crowd started to swarm the shopping center.
He picked up an earthworm.
When I was moving, my real estate agent helped me choose a house.
This university is highly selective.
The unsuspecting beachgoer was engulfed by the tall wave.
My significant other and I often go bowling.
I contacted my service provider in order to fix the Internet.
The break-in constituted heightened security.
The matrix consisted of five rows and seven columns.
She noted her doctor's visit in her appointment book.
At what time shall I call you this afternoon?
I need to talk to Tom urgently.
Where would you go if you didn't have a house anymore?
I wonder if it's better to write short or long sentences or if that's not important.
Now that Horus is back, we can write sentences without checking if they already exist.
Tell me if you're happy.
Tell me if you're in good shape.
Becoming a father isn't difficult, however, being a father is very difficult.
The best things in life aren't things.
When we went to Majorca, Marie was very disappointed.
When Marie was sitting on the shore, reading the news and eating ice cream, she felt like she was in heaven.
We're getting used to everything.
Come on, get up or else I won't be able to bring you to school!
You didn't even say "hello" to me!
The tiling was cold under her bare feet.
The tiling was cold under his bare feet.
Did you see the squirrel?
The mountain climbers reached the summit.
"Were you able to write anything?" "To tell you the truth, not really."
All at the same time, the lights went out.
Tom has truly lived through a lot of things.
Thank you so much for coming.
I almost forgot to say that Marie is at the hospital.
The Eiffel Tower is taller than Tour Montparnasse.
Tom isn't as tall as his father yet.
Tom is truly the happiest man on Earth.
The horse went so quickly that Tom fell.
Let's go to Shinjuku tomorrow.
He speaks German.
Repetition is essential for learning a foreign language.
If I go to the party, I'll bring some bottles of wine.
To deactivate a J-robot, attack it from the top by jumping out of a window on the second floor and then smashing a bucket full of mud on its head.
I kept my father from sleeping all night.
Children who are impolite annoy me.
Tom is as small as his mother.
Ah yes! You understood everything.
Do you speak Galician?
Which language do you like the most? English or German?
Who does this book belong to?
To whom does this book belong?
Is it something very serious?
"What are you looking for?" "A dentist." "There aren't any dentists around here anymore".
Life is a carnival.
Who does the suitcase belong to?
Who does the dog belong to?
Who did you give your phone to?
Who did you loan your bike to?
That's a lie! Be careful, because we all know the truth.
German is a fascinating language.
Who are you writing a letter to?
You are very introverted.
"Who do you like?" "Mary."
"Who are you showing the city to?" "Mary."
I speak Portuguese.
Hurry up, please! We have to leave in five minutes.
At home, we don't eat poultry.
How many eggs did you gather?
My slippers are on the shelf.
Let's imagine that they've found a legal way to pay less tax.
I don't want to spend my life here.
Everything is poison and nothing is without poison, only the dose poisons.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
She hates getting up early.
He was not of sound mind.
He was unfit to plead.
He was mentally incompetent to stand trial.
Tom is shorter than Mary, isn't he?
Tom is smarter than Mary, isn't he?
I don't want to spend the rest of my life here.
What's the stupidest thing that you've ever done?
What's the craziest thing that you've ever done?
What's the craziest thing you've done?
What's the craziest thing that you've done?
What's the best gift you've ever received?
What's the best gift you've ever gotten?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
What's the best compliment you've ever gotten?
What's the best advice that anyone has ever given you?
What's the best advice anybody has ever given you?
What's the best advice anyone has ever given you?
What's the best advice that anybody has ever given you?
What's something you've done that you'd never do again?
What's something that you've done that you'd never do again?
What's something you're thankful for?
What's something that you're thankful for?
What's something you'll never do again?
What's something that you'll never do again?
What's one thing you think everybody should do at least once in their lives?
What's one thing you think that everyone should do at least once in their lives?
What website do you visit most often?
What are some things you and Tom have in common?
What are some things that you and Tom have in common?
Tom was sure that you'd like that.
Tom was sure that Mary was lying.
Tom usually doesn't wear a tie.
Tom told Mary she should resign.
Tom thought nobody was at home.
Tom thought Mary would be there.
Tom thought that Mary would be there.
Tom thought that Mary would be late.
Tom thought Mary was joking.
Tom thought that Mary was joking.
Tom thought that Mary was dead.
Tom thought Mary was charming.
Tom thought that Mary was charming.
Tom thought that Mary did that.
Tom thought that I was serious.
Tom thinks this is stupid.
Tom thinks that this is stupid.
Tom thinks that this is a mistake.
Tom thinks there are ghosts here.
Tom thinks that there are ghosts here.
Tom thinks Mary was murdered.
Tom thinks that Mary was murdered.
Tom thinks Mary killed John.
Tom thinks that Mary killed John.
Tom thinks Mary is wrong.
Tom thinks that Mary is wrong.
Tom thinks that I'm an idiot.
Tom thinks that I should retire.
Tom still writes to me sometimes.
Tom soon realized he was alone.
Tom soon realized that he was alone.
Tom showed John's picture to Mary.
Tom seems to be waiting for somebody.
Tom says the matter is urgent.
Tom says that the matter is urgent.
Tom says that Mary is wrong.
Tom says Mary is trustworthy.
Tom says that Mary is trustworthy.
Tom says he's ready to help.
Tom says that he's ready to help.
Tom says that he's ready to do that.
Tom says that he's never owned a car.
Tom says he's never been arrested.
Tom sat next to someone he didn't know.
Tom sat next to somebody he didn't know.
Tom said this wasn't enough.
Tom said that this wasn't enough.
Tom said there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said that there was a good chance that Mary would be late.
Tom said that doesn't concern him.
Tom said that that doesn't concern him.
Tom said that my plan wouldn't work.
Tom said that I sounded angry.
Tom said that I looked very pale.
Tom said that I looked tired.
Tom said that I looked terrible.
Tom said that I looked skeptical.
Tom said that I looked sick.
Tom said that I looked different.
Tom said he's never kissed Mary.
Tom said that he's never kissed Mary.
Tom said he'd take Mary home.
Tom said that he'd take Mary home.
Tom said he'd rather stay at a hotel near the airport.
Tom said that he'd rather stay at a hotel near the airport.
Tom said he'd pay the bill.
Tom said he'd go to Australia.
Tom said that he'd go to Australia.
Tom said he'd go there tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd go there tomorrow.
Tom said he'd be late.
Tom said he wouldn't wait for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait for Mary.
Tom said he would look at it.
Tom said that he would look at it.
Tom said he wanted to study abroad.
Tom said that he wanted to study abroad.
Tom said he wanted to ask us some questions.
Tom said that he wanted to ask us some questions.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought my plan wouldn't work.
Tom said that he thought my plan wouldn't work.
Tom said that he needed a rest.
Tom said he might never come back.
Tom said he hadn't intended to shoot anyone.
Tom said he hadn't intended to shoot anybody.
Tom said he had found his keys.
Tom said that he had found his keys.
Tom said he didn't think my plan would work.
Tom said he didn't think that my plan would work.
Tom said he didn't like baseball.
Tom said that he didn't like baseball.
Tom said he couldn't swim.
Tom said that he couldn't swim.
Tom realized Mary was worried.
Tom realized that Mary was worried.
Tom realized that Mary was tired.
Tom realized Mary was asleep.
Tom realized that Mary was asleep.
Tom pretended he was a doctor.
Tom pretended he had a weapon.
Tom pretended that he had a weapon.
Tom paid to the driver and got out of the taxi.
Tom paid to the driver and got out of the cab.
Tom never told anyone what happened.
Tom never told anybody what happened.
Tom knows you can speak French.
Tom knows that you can speak French.
Tom knows this won't work.
Tom knows that this won't work.
Tom knows that the police suspect him.
Tom knows nothing about that.
Tom knows Mary lied to him.
Tom knows that Mary lied to him.
Tom knows that Mary is right.
Tom knows that I'm Canadian.
Tom knows I'm at home.
Tom knows that I'm at home.
Tom knows he's done something wrong.
Tom knows that he's done something wrong.
Tom knows he's done something bad.
Tom knows that he's done something bad.
Tom knew that this would happen.
Tom knew that there was a problem.
Tom knew that Mary would help him.
Tom knew Mary was worried.
Tom knew that Mary was worried.
Tom knew Mary was still sleeping.
Tom knew that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom knew that Mary had kissed John.
Tom knew that Mary didn't do that.
Tom knew that it was impossible.
Tom hasn't yet sent the package.
Tom hasn't yet bought his ticket.
Tom hasn't yet answered my email.
Tom hasn't answered my email yet.
Tom has read many books about that.
Tom has never given anything to anyone.
Tom has never given anything to anybody.
Tom has many bad habits.
Tom handed Mary a small envelope.
Tom handed a small envelope to Mary.
Tom had many good ideas.
Tom got there earlier than anyone else.
Tom got there earlier than anybody else.
Tom doesn't trust anyone anymore.
Tom doesn't trust anybody anymore.
Tom called to say he'd be a little late.
Tom called to say that he'd be a little late.
I've read many books on that subject.
I've read a lot of books on that subject.
I haven't yet read this book.
Tom is eating, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are OK.
I've read this book before.
Tom likes trains.
Tom is bluffing, isn't he?
That's not what I'm paid to do.
Tom and Mary are fat.
I haven't sold anything all day.
Tom likes baseball.
I'm not used to living here yet.
Tom is out there, isn't he?
I've done that only a few times.
Tom and Mary are mad.
It's important for us to do that.
Tom likes football.
People ask us that all the time.
Tom is a bachelor, isn't he?
Please come and see us anytime.
Tom and Mary are shy.
Please don't tell us what to do.
Tom had a job to do.
That happens to us all the time.
Tom is in the park, isn't he?
There was nothing for us to eat.
Tom and Mary are cold.
This happens to us all the time.
Tom likes gardening.
What color is your father's car?
Tom is out of food, isn't he?
What time of day do you do that?
Tom and Mary are cool.
Did you go to church last Sunday?
Tom looks very angry.
Do you go swimming in the winter?
Tom is still upset, isn't he?
Do you remember when we did that?
Tom and Mary are home.
How many days a week do you work?
Tom really loves you.
How many days a year do you swim?
Tom is hungry again, isn't he?
How often do you play volleyball?
Tom and Mary are lazy.
I eat fish more than once a week.
Tom wants a new bike.
I have to write a report tonight.
Tom is in Australia, isn't he?
I'll be studying French tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are nuts.
Please don't force us to do this.
Tom is in a meeting, isn't he?
Please give us a little more tea.
Tom and Mary are poor.
What programs do you watch on TV?
Tom was unreasonable.
What's going to happen to us now?
Tom is in bad shape, isn't he?
Would you say that again, please?
Tom and Mary are sick.
Did you drink coffee this morning?
Tom had nothing to do.
Do you ever eat rice with a spoon?
Tom is in the attic, isn't he?
Do you ever go bowling on Mondays?
Tom and Mary are alive.
Do you feel like doing that today?
Tom has a nice garden.
Do you have to go to school today?
Tom is invited, too, isn't he?
Do you like swimming in the ocean?
Tom and Mary are bored.
Does your mother bake cakes often?
Tom has many problems.
How much did it cost to get there?
How much did it cost you to get there?
Tom is kind of busy, isn't he?
How often do you go to the movies?
Tom and Mary are dying.
On Mondays, I usually go swimming.
Tom isn't through yet.
Didn't you have a test last Monday?
Tom is kind of late, isn't he?
Do most students here speak French?
Tom and Mary are fools.
Do we have a test tomorrow night?
Tom looks really busy.
Do you ever eat rice for breakfast?
Tom is kind of lazy, isn't he?
Do you want to be a parent someday?
Tom and Mary are funny.
I do that often, but not every day.
Tom looks very scared.
I often go skating with my friends.
Tom is leaving soon, isn't he?
Did you eat Chinese food last night?
Tom and Mary are going.
Do any of your friends ever do that?
Tom studied all night.
Do you think your room is too small?
Tom is living alone, isn't he?
Has your father ever been to Boston?
Tom and Mary are quiet.
I often go shopping with my friends.
Tom wants to help you.
I often go swimming with my friends.
Tom is making lunch, isn't he?
I'll remind you to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are upset.
Is Boston an exciting place to live?
Tom was uncomfortable.
It kind of surprised you, didn't it?
Tom is manipulative, isn't he?
It was difficult for you, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are weird.
It was driving you crazy, wasn't it?
Tom has homework to do.
Let me give you my telephone number.
Tom is overreacting, isn't he?
Let me tell you what the problem is.
Tom and Mary are young.
Our teacher told us to study harder.
Tom noticed my mistake.
Please tell me more about yourself.
Tom is partly right, isn't he?
That made you very angry, didn't it?
Tom and Mary hate John.
That made you very happy, didn't it?
Tom said he felt alone.
That makes sense to you, doesn't it?
Tom is playing golf, isn't he?
That means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Tom and Mary know John.
That really bothers you, doesn't it?
Tom said he was eating.
This cap belongs to you, doesn't it?
Tom is pretty happy, isn't he?
This car belongs to you, doesn't it?
Tom and Mary like John.
This makes you feel old, doesn't it?
Tom still owes me money.
This means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Tom is pretty sharp, isn't he?
This pen belongs to you, doesn't it?
Tom and Mary miss John.
Was your high school a large school?
Tom stood next to Mary.
An old woman asked us for directions.
Tom is pretty upset, isn't he?
Are you really staying at the Hilton?
Tom and Mary told John.
Do you do that more than once a week?
Tom told you the truth.
Do you eat out more than once a week?
Tom is pretty weird, isn't he?
Do you get much rain here in October?
Tom and Mary are adults.
Do you know what caused the accident?
Tom wants to buy a dog.
Do you often visit your grandparents?
Tom is quite limber, isn't he?
Do you plan to visit America someday?
Tom and Mary are afraid.
Has your father ever visited Australia?
Tom had to stay at home.
Have you ever had an eating disorder?
Tom is really drunk, isn't he?
Have you figured out what went wrong?
Tom and Mary are amused.
How far is it from here to your home?
Tom has no money at all.
I can play tennis, but not very well.
Tom is really funny, isn't he?
I don't know anything about that guy.
Tom and Mary are boring.
I don't usually come here on Mondays.
Tom hasn't yet returned.
I just stayed at home and watched TV.
Tom is really lucky, isn't he?
I need to figure out what's going on.
Tom and Mary are coming.
I'll buy this for you if you want it.
Tom intends to go there.
I'm learning how to play the trumpet.
Tom is really upset, isn't he?
It'll be difficult for us to do that.
Tom and Mary are creepy.
Let me get you another cup of coffee.
Tom likes to tell jokes.
Let me tell you what really happened.
Tom is really weird, isn't he?
Let me tell you what your problem is.
Tom and Mary are greedy.
Let's stay home and watch TV tonight.
Tom married my daughter.
Please explain what needs to be done.
Tom is right-handed, isn't he?
That made you feel better, didn't it?
Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary were screaming.
Tom's comments were unsavory.
This green color always reminds me of mint ice cream.
Tom's father is from Australia.
I often buy clothes at the store where Tom works.
Both of the tires on my bicycle are flat.
What do they call this?
To an adherent of the Paleo diet, a bean salad is considered a menace to the universe to the likes of Nomad, an indestructible planet-destroying space probe from the original Star Trek series.
How much weight have you lost?
We have waited more than a week for your response.
Tom demands that I make up my mind by tomorrow.
How much weight have you gained?
How much weight has Tom lost?
How much weight has Tom gained?
How long has Tom been in the hospital?
When is Tom getting out of the hospital?
You claim an inequitable exchange on asymmetrical bases.
How much weight do you want to lose?
No man is an island, something complete in itself. Every man is a fragment of the continent, one part of the whole.
Please bless this moment.
Can you turn on the light, please?
Don't forget to write the post code.
That seems unfair to you, doesn't it?
Tom refused to go there.
That took you by surprise, didn't it?
Tom is safe for now, isn't he?
Was your high school a public school?
Tom and Mary are hiding.
Were you able to watch TV last night?
What school subjects are you good at?
Tom is sleeping now, isn't he?
Open the window, please!
Let's do something to cheer him up!
When do you usually arrive at school?
A little patience! You're on the right path.
Tom and Mary are honest.
Which can you do better, ski or swim?
Tom has a lot of hobbies.
Why don't you and I do that together?
Tom is still afraid, isn't he?
Would you give me an example, please?
Tom and Mary are idiots.
Would you say that once more, please?
Tom hopes you'll do that.
Why are you the way that you are?
I felt coldness even though I was sitting in the sun.
The mother is dressing the child.
If Tom wasn't so stupid, he would've understood quicker.
The story of how Tom and Mary met is quite extraordinary.
I walk in the night down the wrong path, not knowing where I come from, unsure of where I'm going.
A religion that can tolerate the others seldom thinks about its circulation.
I can hardly remember her.
I can hardly remember him.
I can hardly remember it.
What does your handshake say about you?
Tom is the front-runner for this job.
Tom is the front-runner in polls.
Tom is the front-runner, based on polls.
If you have hope, anything can come true.
Sometimes that's just the way it is.
That's just how it is sometimes.
Mary was happy with the gift.
Do we have a test tomorrow?
Are we going to have a test tomorrow?
How many tests are you going to have tomorrow?
Will someone be at the station to meet you?
Will somebody be at the station to meet you?
Will anyone be at the station to meet you?
Will anybody be at the station to meet you?
Why's everyone looking at you?
Why's everybody looking at you?
Why would anyone want to hurt you?
Why would anybody want to hurt you?
Who lent you this book?
Who lent this book to you?
Tom was even more surprised than Mary.
Tom thought Mary would come back.
Tom thought that Mary would come back.
There's someone waiting for you outside.
There's somebody waiting for you outside.
Perhaps someone can help you.
Perhaps somebody can help you.
My parents died in a traffic accident when I was thirteen.
It'll be hard for you to do that.
It'll be difficult for you to do that.
It wasn't hard for you to do that, was it?
It wasn't difficult for you to do that, was it?
If you'd helped, it would've been easier to do that.
If you had helped, it would've been easier to do that.
I wish someone had told me what to do.
I wish somebody had told me what to do.
I wish someone had told me earlier.
I wish somebody had told me earlier.
Has anyone told you what's going on?
Has anybody told you what's going on?
Everyone wanted you to do that.
Everybody wanted you to do that.
Everyone seems to be happy but you.
Everybody seems to be happy but you.
Everyone seems to be afraid but you.
Everybody seems to be afraid but you.
Everyone laughed at you, didn't they?
Everybody laughed at you, didn't they?
Everybody here likes you.
Everyone here except you has done that.
Everybody here except you has done that.
Everyone agreed with you, didn't they?
Everybody agreed with you, didn't they?
Doing that won't be as hard as you think.
Doing that won't be as difficult as you think.
Doing that wasn't as hard as I expected.
Doing that wasn't as difficult as I expected.
Did anyone tell you what's going on?
Did anybody tell you what's going on?
Could you lend me $30?
You sharpened the knives, didn't you?
Tom is still around, isn't he?
Are you looking forward to doing that?
Tom and Mary are models.
Did you bring any food with you today?
Tom knows that I'm right.
Did you eat at a restaurant last week?
Tom is still crying, isn't he?
Do you keep play a musical instrument?
Tom and Mary are moving.
Do you think your mother is beautiful?
Tom looked really scared.
Do you usually eat rice for breakfast?
Tom is still eating, isn't he?
Do you usually watch the evening news?
Tom and Mary are normal.
Does anything keep you awake at night?
How many days a week do you come here?
Tom is still in bed, isn't he?
How much beer do you drink every week?
Tom and Mary are stupid.
How much credit card debt do you have?
How much did it cost to get to Boston?
How much did it cost you to get to Boston?
Tom is still inside, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are trying.
How much does it cost to get divorced?
Tom has a lot to do today.
How often are you able to go downtown?
Tom is still scared, isn't he?
How often do you talk to your parents?
Tom and Mary aren't mad.
I went swimming every day last summer.
Tom has an adult daughter.
I won't make you go to school anymore.
Tom is taking a nap, isn't he?
I'll help you translate this document.
Tom and Mary hired John.
I'll let you know when dinner's ready.
Tom is likely to leave soon, isn't he?
I'll write to you as soon as possible.
Tom is the youngest, isn't he?
Let me tell you what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary trust John.
That seems logical to you, doesn't it?
Tom is glad you're coming.
That's what's bothering you, isn't it?
Tom is used to that, isn't he?
These tickets didn't cost us anything.
Tom and Mary are artists.
Was your high school a private school?
Tom isn't afraid of dying.
We need to figure out what's going on.
Tom is very bashful, isn't he?
When was the last time you had a cold?
Tom and Mary are correct.
Would you sign a prenuptial agreement?
Tom may have to work late.
Does anyone you know play the saxophone?
Tom is very excited, isn't he?
Did you ride a bicycle to school today?
Tom and Mary are cowards.
Did you stay at home all day yesterday?
Tom must pay what he owes.
Do you come here more than once a week?
Tom is very strange, isn't he?
Do you consider yourself a good driver?
Tom and Mary are curious.
Do you often make this kind of mistake?
Tom obviously isn't happy.
Do you plan to go camping this weekend?
Tom is very worried, isn't he?
Do you want me to get you another beer?
Tom and Mary are dieting.
Do you want to visit Australia someday?
Tom pretended to be tired.
How long does it take to get a divorce?
Tom is wasting time, isn't he?
How much sleep do you need every night?
Tom and Mary are doctors.
How much time did you spend at the zoo?
Tom said you'd understand.
How much time have you spent in Boston?
Tom is wearing blue, isn't he?
I assumed you and I'd do that together.
Tom and Mary are enemies.
I can play tennis, but my father can't.
Tom sat alone in his room.
I hope I'll be able to do that someday.
Tom is with friends, isn't he?
I think men study harder than women do.
Tom and Mary are fasting.
I'll give you until tomorrow afternoon.
Tom sat on the sofa alone.
I'll pick you up at your hotel at 2:30.
Tom is with his son, isn't he?
Is Boston an interesting place to live?
Tom and Mary are foolish.
Is there anything I do that annoys you?
Tom seemed very surprised.
It was a great loss for you, wasn't it?
Tom is working hard, isn't he?
It was a great shock to you, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are frantic.
Let me get you something cold to drink.
Tom slowly drank his wine.
Let me get you something to write with.
Tom is worried, too, isn't he?
Let me tell you what this is all about.
Tom and Mary are interns.
Please tell me a little about yourself.
Tom was slightly confused.
Please tell me how this should be done.
Tom is Mary's cousin, isn't he?
That would make you happy, wouldn't it?
Tom and Mary are jealous.
What foods are you not good at cooking?
Tom was too angry to talk.
What kind of music do you like to play?
Tom is Mary's nephew, isn't he?
When was the last time you went skiing?
Tom and Mary are lawyers.
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?
Tom and John are gentlemen.
You're the one who caused the accident.
Tom is a bass player, isn't he?
Can either of your parents speak French?
Tom and Mary are patient.
Did you watch baseball on TV last night?
Tom had financial problems.
Do any of your friends have motorcycles?
Tom is a bit jealous, isn't he?
Do you ever drink hot tea in the summer?
Tom and Mary are popular.
Do you plan to go to Australia sometime?
Tom knows what you've done.
Do you want me tell you what to do next?
Tom is a bit strange, isn't he?
Do you want me tell you what's going on?
Tom and Mary are similar.
Do you want me to tell you what I think?
Tom plays tennis with Mary.
Do you want me to tell you what that is?
Tom is a busy person, isn't he?
Does Boston have any famous art museums?
Tom and Mary are singers.
Tom put the lid on the pot.
Have you ever swum in the Pacific Ocean?
Tom is a dog trainer, isn't he?
Those paintings aren't worth as much as Tom is asking for them.
The painting I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected it to.
These tickets were cheaper than I expected.
You should know this already.
Have you ever been to Tom's house?
How much money do you think you need?
How much money do you think I need?
How much money should I take with me?
How much money did you spend in Boston?
How much money did you spend last weekend?
How much money did you spend at the club?
The painting I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected.
The painting that I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected.
The painting that I bought from Tom didn't cost as much as I expected it to.
How much money did you spend at the zoo?
Tom and Mary are through.
I can speak French, but I don't like to.
Tom refused to speak to me.
I can't swim and my mother can't either.
Tom is a fast driver, isn't he?
I don't want to get the police involved.
Tom and Mary are unhappy.
I drink coffee often, but not every day.
Tom seems very comfortable.
I often go out drinking with my friends.
Tom is a fast runner, isn't he?
I often go water skiing with my friends.
Tom and Mary are unlucky.
I think you're making a serious mistake.
Tom showed the map to Mary.
I tried to do that once, but I couldn't.
Tom is a fast walker, isn't he?
I wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary are unusual.
I'll be staying in Boston all next week.
Tom silently shut the door.
I'll teach you French if you want me to.
Tom is a fussy eater, isn't he?
It was too difficult for you, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are winning.
It was you who paid the bill, wasn't it?
Tom spoke to me about Mary.
Let me tell you exactly what's going on.
Tom is a gang member, isn't he?
My father goes to work almost every day.
Tom and Mary are working.
My mother usually goes shopping with me.
Tom was aware of the risks.
Please tell me something about yourself.
Tom is a good dancer, isn't he?
What do you think of arranged marriages?
Tom and Mary aren't cold.
What kind of car would you like to have?
Tom wasn't able to help us.
What languages are you good at speaking?
Tom is a good driver, isn't he?
When do you like to listen to the radio?
Tom and Mary aren't poor.
When was the last time you went bowling?
Tom wasn't allowed to help.
You're going to have to be very careful.
Tom is a good father, isn't he?
Are there any good restaurants near here?
Tom and Mary aren't safe.
I don't think Tom is as creative as Mary is.
A dense hedge surrounded the garden.
A thick hedge surrounded the garden.
Pancakes are served with powdered sugar and butter, and sometimes with syrup.
May I use these?
I need to buy some fruit and vegetables.
I was very sleepy.
Fulfill your duty.
Would you have time on Monday to do that?
There were no other elephants in the area.
I don't know if we have enough money.
Tom has already taken Mary's suitcase out of the car.
Are these glasses yours?
Do you have a will?
Tom died without a will.
I haven't been to Boston as many times as Tom.
Are you the person who wrote this letter?
Tom has a different job now.
Could you play cards at your high school?
Tom is a good person, isn't he?
Do we have to come to school next Monday?
Tom and Mary aren't sure.
Do you prefer eating out or eating at home?
Tom has a grown-up daughter.
Do you want me to show you how it's done?
Tom is a good skater, isn't he?
Do you want me to tell you what happened?
Tom and Mary are amateurs.
Do you want to know what really happened?
Tom has information we need.
Have you ever been engaged to be married?
Have you ever been engaged?
Tom is a good worker, isn't he?
Have you ever been in a serious accident?
Tom and Mary are barefoot.
How many times did you do that last week?
Tom has many original ideas.
I can show you how to solve that problem.
Tom is a gym teacher, isn't he?
I can't tell you exactly what's going on.
Tom and Mary are bluffing.
I think that would be fun to do together.
Tom has never written to me.
I'd like to look at those pictures again.
I'd like to take another look at those pictures.
Tom is a hard worker, isn't he?
I'll be working on that all day tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are confused.
I'll give you a minute to think about it.
Tom has volunteered to help.
I'll give you some time to think it over.
Tom is a helpful guy, isn't he?
I'll give you something to kill the pain.
Tom and Mary are creative.
I'll let you know if something's missing.
Tom knows that won't happen.
I'll let you think about it a bit longer.
Tom is a law student, isn't he?
I've been able to do that for many years.
Tom and Mary are done now.
Is anyone in your family able to do that?
Tom needs to learn to relax.
Is it necessary to drink water every day?
Tom is a little nuts, isn't he?
Is the nearest post office far from here?
Tom and Mary are dreamers.
It was hard for you to say no, wasn't it?
Tom painted his house white.
Please tell me about your vacation plans.
Tom is a married man, isn't he?
Please tell me how this needs to be done.
Tom and Mary are finished.
That seems weird to you, too, doesn't it?
Were you at home when it started raining?
Tom is a nice person, isn't he?
Which are you better at, math or science?
Tom and Mary are free now.
You've sharpened the knives, haven't you?
Tom seems to be embarrassed.
Both my mother and I can cook fairly well.
Tom is a patient man, isn't he?
Can all of your brothers and sisters swim?
Tom and Mary are freshmen.
Did you visit your grandparents last week?
Tom spoke quietly with Mary.
Do you visit your grandparents every week?
Tom is a picky eater, isn't he?
Do you want me to tell you what'll happen?
Tom and Mary are grateful.
How many sandwiches did you eat last week?
Tom spoke to Mary yesterday.
Tom is a popular guy, isn't he?
I haven't spoken French since high school.
Tom and Mary are innocent.
I think this is the best school in Boston.
Tom stayed for three months.
I'll give you some time to think about it.
Tom is a safe driver, isn't he?
I'm going to another party after this one.
Tom and Mary are mistaken.
It was easy for you to do that, wasn't it?
Tom told Mary to stay quiet.
It was hard for you to do that, wasn't it?
Tom is a selfish guy, isn't he?
Let's study for next week's test together.
Tom and Mary are partners.
Please show me where Boston is on the map.
Tom tried to hide the truth.
What did you see while you were in Boston?
Tom is a slow walker, isn't he?
What time do you usually arrive at school?
Tom and Mary are prepared.
When was the last time you went on a trip?
Tom used to come here a lot.
Did you visit your grandmother last Monday?
Tom is a strange guy, isn't he?
Do they sell magazines at the school store?
Tom and Mary are stalling.
Do you often play tennis with your friends?
Tom wanted to change things.
Do you prefer to travel by train or by bus?
Tom is a strange kid, isn't he?
Do you usually eat lunch with your friends?
Tom and Mary are standing.
Do you want me to take you to the hospital?
Tom wasn't really impressed.
Do you want me to teach you how to do that?
Tom is a strange man, isn't he?
Do you want me to tell you how it happened?
Tom and Mary are starving.
Have your parents ever been to this school?
Tom has never had to do that.
How much time do you spend studying French?
Tom is a student too, isn't he?
I can play the guitar, but not very well.
I can play the guitar, but I can't play very well.
Tom and Mary are stranded.
I thought you and I could do that together.
Tom has never washed his car.
I usually swim a few laps before breakfast.
Tom is a taxi driver, isn't he?
I'm not the only person that has done that.
Tom and Mary are stubborn.
In my opinion fish tastes better than meat.
Tom helped Mary open the box.
It was a new experience for you, wasn't it?
Tom is a teacher now, isn't he?
It won't take you long to do that, will it?
Tom and Mary are suspects.
Let me show you the easiest way to do that.
Tom looks like he has a plan.
Let me show you where Boston is on the map.
Tom is a wealthy guy, isn't he?
Please tell me a little bit about yourself.
Tom and Mary are upstairs.
When's the last time you rode a motorcycle?
Tom made only a few mistakes.
You and I'll be working together next week.
Tom is a wealthy man, isn't he?
Did you have to go to the library yesterday?
Tom and Mary are watching.
Did you listen to classical music yesterday?
Tom never wears pink clothes.
Did you want to go to the library yesterday?
Tom is able to skate, isn't he?
Do you consider yourself a religious person?
Tom and Mary aren't crazy.
Do you read magazines more than once a week?
Tom shouldn't do such things.
Does your French teacher speak English well?
Tom is about my size, isn't he?
I could do that if I wanted to, but I don't.
Tom and Mary aren't fools.
I was on the basketball team in high school.
Tom showed something to Mary.
I'll let you have an hour to think about it.
Tom is afraid of you, isn't he?
I'll let you think about it a little longer.
Tom and Mary aren't fussy.
Please let me sleep for another ten minutes.
Tom stumbled and almost fell.
Which are you better at, swimming or skiing?
Tom is all right now, isn't he?
Which can you play better, tennis or soccer?
Tom and Mary aren't going.
Which is easier for you to do, skate or ski?
Tom has a rare skin condition.
Why did you have to go home early yesterday?
Tom is almost asleep, isn't he?
Are there any good places to eat around here?
Tom and Mary aren't tired.
Do you consider yourself an easygoing person?
Tom has a warehouse in Boston.
Do you often listen to the news on the radio?
Tom is almost thirty, isn't he?
Have you ever played tennis with your father?
Tom and Mary aren't wrong.
I don't know how to make sweet and sour pork.
Tom looks like he saw a ghost.
I'll stay with you as long as you want me to.
Tom is already drunk, isn't he?
In my opinion dogs are better pets than cats.
Tom and Mary aren't young.
It was too late for you to say no, wasn't it?
Tom made a lot of new friends.
Maybe you and I could do that together later.
Tom is already there, isn't he?
Was your father wearing a sweater last night?
Tom and Mary believe John.
Where did you go during your summer vacation?
Tom needs to pay what he owes.
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend?
Tom is always around, isn't he?
Will your father eat dinner with you tonight?
Tom and Mary were shocked.
You and I'll be doing that together tomorrow.
Tom needs your help right now.
Are there good places to go dancing near here?
Tom is always hungry, isn't he?
Are you going anywhere the day after tomorrow?
Tom and Mary are ambitious.
Do we need to come here tomorrow tonight?
Tom never asked how Mary died.
Do you want me tell you what needs to be done?
Tom is always online, isn't he?
Do you want me to tell you what this is about?
Tom and Mary are back home.
How many times did you go swimming last month?
Tom seemed a bit disappointed.
I can't go with you today, but I can tomorrow.
Tom is always polite, isn't he?
I didn't plan to do that yesterday, but I did.
Tom and Mary are dangerous.
I don't know what it feels like to be in love.
Tom seems to be uncomfortable.
I don't play tennis , but I play table tennis.
Tom is an accountant, isn't he?
I'll let you know as soon as anything happens.
Tom and Mary are dedicated.
I'll let you know if anything strange happens.
Tom should've already arrived.
I'll meet you in front of the station at 2:30.
Tom is an active boy, isn't he?
It was hard for you to say goodbye, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are depressed.
Were either of your parents born in Australia?
Tom was the one who helped us.
What did you like best about your high school?
Tom is an art critic, isn't he?
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you drink?
Tom and Mary are done here.
When was the last time you drank tomato juice?
Tom was the one who kissed me.
Which are you better at playing, jazz or rock?
Tom is an art dealer, isn't he?
Who's the best French speaker in your family?
Tom and Mary are easygoing.
Why did you break up with your last girlfriend?
Tom got back late this morning.
Did you vote in the last presidential election?
Tom is an honest guy, isn't he?
Did your family eat dinner together last night?
Tom and Mary are fortunate.
Do most students here know how to speak French?
Tom's hands are bigger than mine.
Do you prefer speaking in French or in English?
Tom is an honest man, isn't he?
I can swim now, but I couldn't three years ago.
Tom and Mary are gardeners.
I don't know when Tom will get here, but probably tomorrow afternoon.
Tom has never been late before.
I have some things I need to do this afternoon.
Tom is an only child, isn't he?
I'm the first boy you've ever kissed, aren't I?
Tom and Mary are impatient.
I'm the first guy you've ever kissed, aren't I?
Tom has problems with his back.
Is there anything you don't like to talk about?
Tom is angry at Mary, isn't he?
It was difficult for you to do that, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are in Boston.
My father doesn't swim well and I don't either.
What kinds of things are you not good at doing?
Tom is angry with me, isn't he?
Where do you go when you need time to yourself?
Tom and Mary are in charge.
Are you better at cooking steak or cooking eggs?
Do you plan to get married before you're thirty?
Tom is around thirty, isn't he?
How much did you spend while you were in Boston?
Tom and Mary are motivated.
How often do you eat at an expensive restaurant?
Tom looks completely exhausted.
I'll teach you how to do that if you want me to.
Tom is as tall as me, isn't he?
It seems to me that you shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary are optimists.
It was quite easy for you to do that, wasn't it?
Tom never mentioned that to me.
Let me help you cut up vegetables for the salad.
Tom is asleep in bed, isn't he?
Let me show you how to use this washing machine.
Tom and Mary are ready now.
What kind of flowers do you plant in the spring?
Tom offered to pay for damages.
Which are you better at, baseball or volleyball?
Tom is at church now, isn't he?
Would you like for me to drive you to the store?
Tom and Mary are safe here.
Would you like for me to show you how it's done?
Tom probably told us the truth.
Are all your sisters and brothers older than you?
Tom is at home today, isn't he?
Do you think the food at that restaurant is good?
Tom and Mary are secretive.
Have you ever been the victim of a violent crime?
Tom never really listens to me.
Have you ever been treated for a mental disorder?
Tom is at school now, isn't he?
How much time do you spend at the gym every week?
Tom and Mary are terrified.
What's your favorite way to spend your free time?
Tom showed the picture to Mary.
When was the last time you received a compliment?
Tom is avoiding Mary, isn't he?
Which are you better at, the guitar or the piano?
Tom and Mary aren't dating.
Do you prefer to study during the day or at night?
Tom warned us not to swim here.
How much money did you spend while you were there?
Tom is aware of that, isn't he?
How much time do you spend on the phone every day?
Tom and Mary aren't eating.
What were you like as a child?
Tom wasn't here when I arrived.
I'll give you a little more time to consider that.
Tom is bad at sports, isn't he?
Would you prefer to speak in French or in English?
Tom and Mary aren't guilty.
Are there any good places to play golf around here?
Tom didn't go to Mary's funeral.
Did you have toast for breakfast yesterday morning?
Tom is baking a cake, isn't he?
Do all Japanese high school students wear uniforms?
Tom and Mary aren't idiots.
Do you and your husband usually eat meals together?
Tom has already left for Boston.
Do you remember where you were this time last year?
Tom is being careful, isn't he?
Do you think prenuptial agreements are a good idea?
Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
How important is it for you to make a lot of money?
Tom has already made a decision.
How much money do you spend on clothing every year?
Tom is being evasive, isn't he?
I lived in Boston last year with one of my cousins.
Tom and Mary believed John.
I'll give you a little more time to think about it.
Tom has brought presents for us.
What was your first job?
Tom has brought presents for all of us.
I'll try to come up with a solution to the problem.
Tom is being serious, isn't he?
Maybe you and I could go fishing together sometime.
Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Were you able to swim when your were six years old?
Tom has only one week to decide.
What time of day do you go out for your daily walk?
Tom is desperate now, isn't he?
Which is easier for you to make, spaghetti or stew?
Tom and Mary are classmates.
You and I've had a lot of fun together, haven't we?
Tom helped me write this report.
What was your favorite TV show when you were a kid?
Tom is different now, isn't he?
Did you have a birthday party on your last birthday?
Tom and Mary are dependable.
Do either of your parents play a musical instrument?
Tom knows what Mary plans to do.
Do you think you'll be able to go skiing next month?
Tom is drinking milk, isn't he?
Does your mother ever complain about washing dishes?
Tom and Mary are frightened.
How can we keep from making this same mistake again?
Tom lied to the police officers.
I'm not good at doing that because I never practice.
Tom is eating cake, isn't he?
It was easy for you to solve the problem, wasn't it?
Tom and Mary are historians.
What's the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
Tom lived here for thirty years.
What kinds of things do you like to do after school?
Tom is enjoying this, isn't he?
Which are you better at speaking, French or English?
Tom and Mary are illiterate.
Which can you do better, play tennis or play soccer?
Tom looks a lot like his mother.
Which is easier for you to speak, French or English?
Tom is expecting you, isn't he?
Would you rather live in a big city or a small town?
Tom and Mary are in a hurry.
Are you reluctant to let other people drive your car?
Tom may have made some mistakes.
How many times did you visit your grandparents last year?
Tom is fishing today, isn't he?
I didn't do that yesterday, but I did three days ago.
Tom and Mary are interested.
I'm busy right now. Could you please call back later?
Tom often eats dinner with Mary.
If I could go anywhere in the world, I'd go to Boston.
If that happened, it wouldn't surprise you, would it?
Tom and Mary are lifeguards.
Were you a good student when you were in high school?
Tom owns an apartment in Boston.
Were you a good swimmer when you were in high school?
Tom is getting angry, isn't he?
What are some things you want to teach your children?
Tom and Mary are mad at you.
What kinds of things do you do when you're in Boston?
Tom pretended he didn't know me.
You and I've been through a lot together, haven't we?
Tom is getting bored, isn't he?
You're getting bored, aren't you?
You'll probably be able to do that when you're older.
Tom and Mary are nonsmokers.
Are you better at speaking French or speaking English?
Tom put the flowers into a vase.
Do all of your classmates always get to class on time?
Tom is getting worse, isn't he?
Do you drink coffee? If so, how often do you drink it?
Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
Do you have a knife I can use to cut this string with?
Tom recommended you for the job.
Do you think you'll be able to visit Boston next year?
Tom is going to fail, isn't he?
How much money did you spend while you were in Boston?
Tom and Mary are professors.
I'll give you another couple of days to think it over.
Tom spoke to me about his plans.
I'll let you know as soon as we've decided what to do.
Tom is going to help, isn't he?
Let me tell you about what's going to happen tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are unreliable.
What kinds of things do you and your wife fight about?
Tom usually eats less than Mary.
When was the last time you did that with your friends?
Tom is going to lose, isn't he?
Are there any more problems we need to deal with today?
Are there any other problems we need to deal with today?
Tom and Mary are very angry.
Could you ride a bicycle when you were three years old?
Tom wants to know what'll happen.
How important is it to you that we get this done today?
Tom is going to pass, isn't he?
I can't go out tonight because my parents won't let me.
Tom and Mary aren't cowards.
Would you like for me to tell you what really happened?
Tom wanted to become a mechanic.
I didn't drink coffee yesterday, but I did this morning.
Tom is going to quit, isn't he?
Is there any chance that you'll go to Boston next month?
Is there any chance that you'll be in Boston next month?
Tom and Mary aren't friends.
What would you like to buy your mother for her birthday?
Tom was asleep when we got home.
Which is easier for you to play, the piano or the organ?
Tom is going to sing, isn't he?
Would you ever talk about something like that at school?
Tom and Mary aren't leaving.
You and I used to have a lot of fun together, didn't we?
Tom was injured in the accident.
You're rich enough to buy anything you want, aren't you?
Tom is going to stay, isn't he?
You're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30, aren't you?
Tom and Mary aren't perfect.
You're the one who suggested that I do this, aren't you?
Tom was the one who was injured.
You're the one who taught me how to do this, aren't you?
Tom is going to wait, isn't he?
You're the only one who volunteered to help, aren't you?
Tom and Mary aren't serious.
Are you better at playing baseball or playing volleyball?
Tom drank a large glass of water.
Do you believe most of what you read and see in the news?
Tom is good at chess, isn't he?
What time do you usually leave your house in the morning?
Tom and Mary aren't similar.
Which are you better at playing, the guitar or the piano?
Tom got angry and yelled at Mary.
You're about the same age as your girlfriend, aren't you?
Tom is good at rugby, isn't he?
You're almost young enough to be my daughter, aren't you?
Tom and Mary aren't smiling.
You're supposed to be home with your parents, aren't you?
Tom has a longer beard than John.
You're the only one who didn't pass the test, aren't you?
Tom is grouchy today, isn't he?
You're the only one who knows how to do that, aren't you?
Tom and Mary aren't staying.
You're the only one who knows how to do this, aren't you?
Tom has probably never done that.
I think most Canadians can speak at least a little French.
Tom is happy with it, isn't he?
I was surprised when I found that my father could do that.
Tom and Mary aren't worried.
What's something you wish you could change about yourself?
Tom helped Mary get into the car.
You know what's going to happen if you do that, don't you?
Tom is hard to reach, isn't he?
You're going to eventually be able to do that, aren't you?
Tom and Mary weren't amused.
You're going to need all the help you can get, aren't you?
Tom is too busy to do that today.
You're the only one here who can speak French, aren't you?
Tom is ignoring Mary, isn't he?
You're the only one here who likes basketball, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are adventurous.
You're the only one who knows how to fix that, aren't you?
Tom isn't as intelligent as I am.
You're the only one who's supposed to do that, aren't you?
Tom is in a bad mood, isn't he?
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are almost here.
Do you remember the first time you and I went out together?
Tom knows what Mary wants to buy.
Do you remember where you were on your thirteenth birthday?
Tom is in charge now, isn't he?
How long should a couple be married before having children?
Tom and Mary are almost home.
I don't think you and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom never wanted to learn French.
I'm not good at playing the piano because I never practice.
Tom is in good shape, isn't he?
You're the only person who can help me do that, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are always busy.
How often are you able to play volleyball with your friends?
Tom stayed there for three hours.
I feel that it is better to stay single than to get married.
Tom is in his office, isn't he?
Is there any chance that you'll go to the post office today?
Tom and Mary are busy people.
You're going to have to do that sooner or later, aren't you?
Tom tried to recover his balance.
According to the weather report, it's supposed to be pretty hot today.
Tom is in prison now, isn't he?
Did you have a boyfriend when you were in junior high school?
Tom and Mary are celebrating.
Were you on the basketball team when you were in high school?
Tom visited the museum with Mary.
Who's going to be responsible for making sure that gets done?
Tom is in the garage, isn't he?
You and I've had some really good times together, haven't we?
Tom and Mary are coming back.
You're still too young to get a driver's license, aren't you?
Tom wanted to become a scientist.
You're the only one who hasn't done what I asked, aren't you?
Tom is in the garden, isn't he?
You're the only one who knows what we have to do, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are competitive.
You're the only one who knows what we need to do, aren't you?
Tom was sitting in the front row.
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that, aren't you?
Tom is in the shower, isn't he?
Are there any Olympic size swimming pools near where you live?
Tom and Mary are cooperating.
Did you have a girlfriend when you were in junior high school?
Tom wasn't able to go to college.
Do you want me to tell you what I think you should do with it?
Tom is irreplaceable, isn't he?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
Tom and Mary are doing great.
It was hard for you to get out of bed this morning, wasn't it?
Tom didn't come to work yesterday.
Were you often absent from school when you were in high school?
Tom is jealous of me, isn't he?
What kinds of things would make you consider getting a divorce?
Tom and Mary are going to go.
Which are you better at cooking, Japanese food or Chinese food?
Tom has already arrived in Boston.
Would you like to go to the zoo with me the day after tomorrow?
Tom is just stalling, isn't he?
You and I've been working together for a long time, haven't we?
Tom and Mary are hardworking.
Do you remember the first time you and I went swimming together?
Tom has been told what's happened.
How many bananas do you think the average person eats in a year?
Tom is kind of needy, isn't he?
Who do you think is the most interesting teacher at this school?
Tom and Mary are interesting.
You're already rich enough to buy anything you want, aren't you?
Tom has promised never to do that.
You're responsible for everything that's happened, aren't you?
Tom is legally blind, isn't he?
You're the one who told me that I shouldn't do that, aren't you?
Tom and Mary are journalists.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do that, aren't you?
Tom is taking care of my children.
You're the only one who doesn't know how to do this, aren't you?
Tom is likely to cry, isn't he?
Do you remember the first time you and I went to Boston together?
Tom and Mary are lying to us.
Do you remember where you were on New Year's Day three years ago?
Tom killed the mouse with a stick.
How many times did you go to Boston when you were in high school?
Tom is likely to win, isn't he?
Mr. Jackson was the best teacher I had when I was in high school.
Tom and Mary are married now.
You're going to have to take care of this by yourself, aren't you?
Tom knows what Mary intends to do.
How many temples and shrines did you visit while you were in Japan?
Tom is listening now, isn't he?
The most difficult thing I've ever done was to learn how to juggle.
Tom and Mary are my children.
Do you know how to speak any languages other than French and English?
Tom is looking at it, isn't he?
I can't go with you next weekend, but I can the weekend after next.
Tom and Mary are new in town.
What were you doing between two and four o'clock yesterday afternoon?
Tom remained silent for some time.
You're wearing the same clothes you were wearing yesterday, aren't you?
Tom is looking at me, isn't he?
Do you think you'll be able to drive a car when you are eighty years old?
Tom and Mary are pretty busy.
I can't help you next Monday, but I can help you the Monday after next.
Tom resisted the impulse to shout.
Would you consider marrying someone who hasn't graduated from high school?
Tom is looking at us, isn't he?
Do you drink coffee? If so, how many cups of coffee do you drink every day?
Tom and Mary are ready to go.
I don't have time to do that now, but I should have some time tomorrow morning.
Tom sat three tables away from us.
"Do you ever listen to the radio? "Yes, I listen to the radio when I'm driving."
Tom is making a list, isn't he?
Do you remember the time you and I went to the zoo together when you and I were in elementary school?
Tom and Mary are really busy.
Once it gets cold, it ain't worth shit.
Daddy, are we getting to-go boxes?
Why are we driving to LA?
Read my mind.
Their father was high on marijuana.
She couldn't stop laughing.
Tom hired a personal trainer.
Tom does thirty body-weight squats a day.
Tom, we're sitting over there.
Hey, Tom, can we get two bins of lettuce?
I stayed in the booth with my mom and my dad.
Ask for a number three.
Mary has green eyebrows.
The cat sat in the wheelbarrow.
The dog has three legs.
I can hardly remember Tom.
I don't like getting up early.
My slippers are under my bed.
I forgot to tell Tom that Mary was in the hospital.
I almost forgot to tell Tom about tomorrow's meeting.
I urgently need to talk to Tom.
I left my pack in a coin locker at the train station.
I don't earn all that much.
My salary isn't as high as you think it is.
They don't pay me as much as they pay Tom.
Where will we be going?
Did you get angry, too?
Don't hesitate to ask if you need something.
Don't let Tom do that here.
I just saw Tom and Mary together.
Did you remember to pack your toothbrush?
Mary is very experienced in her profession.
She's so fat, she can hardly walk.
We are completely innocent in this matter.
Tom really did a number on me.
Tom actually said that?
Mary's arms were broken in the fall.
Tom searched for Mary after she ran into the crowd at the fair.
Mary took her dog with her to Boston.
The lies melt like snow.
Here is the lunch menu.
I've been listening the whole time.
Where can I find food?
Tom is a two-time loser.
You're in the big time, Tom.
You're no small-timer, Tom.
Tom wandered off into a snow storm.
Tom is a born loser.
What's money between friends?
The username or password is not correct.
You were absent for three days.
Give me the remote control. I'm too tired to move.
His illness entered its final stage.
Tom used his cellphone to perform a mobile deposit of a check.
Tom was shunned after he deposited a stack of checks with his cellphone at a hipster coffee shop.
You've only a few months left.
Tom has no clue on how to be a hipster.
The boy had a fantastic hipster haircut. We thought he was being aloof, but he was actually autistic.
Don't interrupt Tom. At the slightest disruption, he'll realize that he is hungry and then he'll spend a small fortune on sushi.
At Tom's coffee shop, they don't ask for your name and write it on your drink cup. They make up a random name for you.
Switzerland makes its conquest even easier for us, thanks to the best conditions for electric bicycles.
The Vatican with 0.square kilometers is the smallest country in the world.
After Tom's leg was amputated, he rescued animals with missing limbs.
Tom died alone with a shredded copy of "Gluten-Free Living" magazine and a bag of flaxseed by his side. Tom was Mary's hamster.
Three hipster wannabes outside the coffee shop spend all their time bragging to each other.
Tom would have gone hiking, but he got sick from a bean allergy.
Food sensitivities are related to sudden fatigue.
Tom started an elimination diet to identify the cause of his fatigue.
Tom speaks English with an indecipherable accent.
The two women calculated how make a profitable salad business over coffee.
How much does it cost to make a salad?
Tom is a multicellular organism.
Tom likes to play with puppets.
Are compulsive liars the best salesmen?
I'm the only one to get the job done.
What time do you start seating?
I forgot to shave.
Why does Tom look funny?
I don't like movies or do I?
This is a simple sentence.
There isn't enough soup for everyone.
I demand that you give back my money.
I'm going crazy!
You have to make up your mind!
I demand that you give me back my money.
I demand you give me back my money.
I demand that you give me my money back.
I demand you give me my money back.
Don't go there!
I forgot to pay my rent.
I'm sitting on the stairs.
I'm sitting on some stairs.
It went faster than we thought.
Why are you dressed so stylishly?
Do any of your friends paint?
Can any of your friends speak French?
Have any of your friends ever been to Australia?
Close your eyes and you will see.
I'm turning the light off.
Do any of your friends have a truck?
Do any of your friends smoke?
Do any of your friends or relatives work here?
I'm turning off the light.
If I were rich, I'd buy a car.
You two, sit in the back!
This wasn't intended.
I wonder when we'll see each other again.
Do you want me to turn off the light?
Do you want me to turn the light off?
She mesmerized us all with her smile.
I can't give it away to you; it's a secret.
Your son has been gone for a long time.
Hurry up! They're going to leave.
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Even walls have ears.
The sun rises for everyone.
I advise you to not discourage me!
Tom seems to be perfectly healthy.
What makes you laugh?
Tom is making coffee, isn't he?
This isn't pork, is it?
Tom and Mary are still alive.
What makes you happiest?
What's Mary's last name?
Tom is making dinner, isn't he?
Would doing that be easy?
Tom and Mary are sure to win.
These letters are for you.
Tom unlocked the door and went in.
Who told you to wait here?
Tom is now a teacher, isn't he?
Did that make sense to you?
Tom and Mary aren't finished.
That'll never happen to you.
Tom wanted a detailed explanation.
Have you been swimming today?
Tom is now in Boston, isn't he?
I was scolded for being late.
Tom and Mary are almost ready.
What good is that to you now?
Tom wants to know where Mary went.
Tom is now in prison, isn't he?
Would doing that be possible?
Tom and Mary are ambidextrous.
That could happen to you, too.
Tom was sitting at the next table.
That hat is too small for you.
Tom is older than me, isn't he?
That shirt's too big for you.
Tom and Mary are doing better.
Who's that girl waving at you?
Tom washes his car every morning.
Why are people so mean to you?
Tom is on duty today, isn't he?
Did that make any sense to you?
Tom and Mary are enthusiastic.
That was really fun, wasn't it?
Tom wasn't able to find his shoes.
The police want to talk to you.
Tom is on this plane, isn't he?
Who told you that would happen?
Tom and Mary are going to die.
It rained last night, didn't it?
Tom has been having money problems.
Let's go inside where it's warm.
Tom must really like shrimp.
I find the shrimp salad delicious.
I am not a fan of shrimp.
Tom is on this train, isn't he?
That doesn't scare you, does it?
Tom and Mary are going to try.
That shirt is too large for you.
Tom has offered to pay for damages.
This bicycle is yours, isn't it?
Tom is only bluffing, isn't he?
What was the last song you sang?
Tom and Mary are going to win.
What was the last thing you ate?
Tom has to have surgery.
That's his limit. One.
Some of the time, drinkers know their limit.
Tom is having a party next weekend.
Would doing that make you happy?
Tom is out of prison, isn't he?
Does that remind you of anything?
Tom and Mary are having lunch.
Does that seem reasonable to you?
Tom is having a party this evening.
Does this seem reasonable to you?
Tom is out to get me, isn't he?
Have you ever tried water skiing?
Tom and Mary are overreacting.
I'll call you back at about 2:30.
Tom is in a hurry to get that done.
I'll lend you some books to read.
Tom is overconfident, isn't he?
It'll be easy for you to do that.
If I had enough money to retire, I would.
Tom and Mary are pretty smart.
It's not safe for you to be here.
Tom is probably sleeping right now.
That didn't surprise you, did it?
Tom is pretty crafty, isn't he?
I'll call you if anything changes.
If Tom finds out what you did, he'll kill you.
Tom and Mary are really angry.
I'll call you if anything happens.
Tom never does that in the evening.
I'll wake you up tomorrow morning.
Tom is pretty scared, isn't he?
I've already done that once today.
Have you translated everything I've said?
After eating cheap sushi, all Tom could think about was brain worms.
Tom has worms in his brain.
"Tom, a brain worm is starting to infect tuna in the world's oceans," said Mary. "I'm not sure if that is true or if I just made that up. Maybe I have brain worms."
I just picked them up.
Are starfish edible?
When Tom started dancing, Mary began snickering.
Everything went poof!
People will know.
Stand proud.
It feels like carbohydrates are toxic like the toxins contained in invertebrates in the world's oceans.
Why are invertebrates having all the fun?
"Tom, on the news, I heard that an octopus was able to escape from the San Francisco Aquarium by picking a lock, making a catapult from office supplies, and calling a taxi," said Mary.
Why isn't the office dog in the staff photo?
The penguins are deathly ill.
The apocalyptical demise of mankind occurred soon after when humans stopped beaming the original Star Trek series into space.
There are thirteen names in my list.
When now the Gods have made proud Ilion fall, / and Asia's power and Priam's race renowned / o'erwhelmed in ruin undeserved, and all / Neptunian Troy lies smouldering on the ground, / in desert lands, to diverse exile bound, / celestial portents bid us forth to fare; / where Ida's heights above Antandros frowned, / a fleet we build, and gather crews, unware / which way the Fates will lead, what home is ours and where.
Happiness is not a goal. It's a by-product of a life well lived.
Good leaders inspire people to have confidence in their leader. Great leaders inspire people to have confidence in themselves.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Education provides the necessary tools, equipment by which we learn how to learn.
None of us can afford to stop learning or to check our curiosity about new things, or to lose our humility in the face of new situations.
There is no experience from which you can't learn something.
Do the things that interest you and do them with all your heart.
At first, Tom's idea for a topological map of Switzerland made of cast iron for his bedroom floor sounded good, but it proved impossible to vacuum -- especially when it collapsed into the next floor.
Do the things that interest you and do them with all your heart. Don't be concerned about whether people are watching you or criticizing you. The chances are that they aren't paying any attention to you.
Do you speak German fluently?
If only I could already speak German fluently!
If only I already spoke German fluently!
"Tom, why does Switzerland keep invading other European countries -- with their dance crazes?" said Mary.
If Tom had more money, he wouldn't work.
If Tom were taller, he could open the door.
If we had known that, we would've come sooner.
The controller closes the door.
It seemed simple enough. When Tom posted "you cannot vacuum Switzerland" online, every military AI system around the world shutdown and many dam turbines exploded.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes. In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves.
You can not live at all if you do not learn to adapt yourself to your life as it happens to be.
When life is too easy for us, we must beware or we may not be ready to meet the blows which sooner or later come to everyone, rich or poor.
These are painful memories for me.
Tom doesn't buy into any of this self-help stuff.
Tom's socks are mismatched.
I thought our love would last forever.
Tom keeps overheating on the trail.
Take it easy, bud.
Don't ask if the fish is fresh. We're in Nebraska!
Stand in the shade and cool off.
Do you have to wait five hours to poop?
I bet it'll be fun.
But then he kept doing it.
I can hear voices on the trail.
I hear footsteps ahead.
I have to walk.
"I'm overheating like a dog," said Mary.
I hear a dog panting.
Your dog barks in complete sentences.
What's in the red package?
You mustn't use too many hyphens.
This is mine, right?
We live in an uncertain world.
Look, Tom. There are salted pickles!
Sit down, Tom!
An uncle of mine gave me this.
An uncle of mine gave this to me.
Everyone here except you is from Boston.
Everybody here except you is from Boston.
It'll be hard for me to get there by 2:30.
It'll be difficult for me to get there by 2:30.
Why didn't anyone tell me what to do?
Why didn't anybody tell me what to do?
Are you sure that you can do that?
Are you sure that you can do that by yourself?
I'm sure Tom will be back tomorrow.
I'm sure that Tom will be back tomorrow.
A friend of mine said he met you yesterday.
A friend of mine said that he met you yesterday.
I knew this might happen.
I knew that this might happen.
Would doing that be hard?
Would doing that be difficult?
Tom is over thirty years old.
This is the dictionary my teacher recommended I buy.
This is the dictionary that my teacher recommended that I buy.
I can't live on $dollars a month.
I can't live on three hundred dollars a month.
Tom and Mary are really drunk.
That cost you a lot of money, didn't it?
Tom said more than he'd planned to.
The moon is really bright tonight.
Tom is quite selfish, isn't he?
We don't need to worry about that.
Tom and Mary are really happy.
Who did you borrow this book from?
How much is that going to cost you?
Tom is ready to help, isn't he?
It didn't take you long to do that.
Tom and Mary are really lucky.
Please put this in the desk drawer.
Tom wanted to thank you personally.
That could've happened to you, too.
Tom is really afraid, isn't he?
That hat doesn't fit you very well.
Tom and Mary are wasting time.
That's what's worrying you, isn't it?
Tom was afraid to cross the street.
There's no need to worry, is there?
Tom is really clever, isn't he?
This medicine will make you sleepy.
Tom and Mary are a little late.
What was the last thing you bought?
Tom wasn't injured in the accident.
Doing that won't take you very long.
Tom is really greedy, isn't he?
Have you been living in Boston long?
Tom and Mary are always hungry.
I'll remind you tomorrow to do that.
Tom had a lot of trouble doing that.
If something happens, I'll call you.
Tom is really scared, isn't he?
It hasn't been easy for you, has it?
Tom and Mary are finished here.
It might be easy for you to do that.
Tom is supposed to do that tomorrow.
It might be hard for you to do that.
Tom is relying on us, isn't he?
It won't be easy for you to do that.
Tom and Mary are getting ready.
It would be easy for you to do that.
Tom is very interested in astrology.
That's not going to stop you, is it?
Tom is scared of you, isn't he?
Doing that made me feel a bit uneasy.
Tom and Mary are going to help.
If that happens again, I'll call you.
Tom knew that Mary was lying to him.
Nothing bad's going to happen to you.
Tom is staring at me, isn't he?
That's never happened to you, has it?
Tom and Mary are going to lose.
What is your greatest accomplishment?
Tom tried to convince Mary to leave.
You can probably do that by yourself.
Tom is staring at us, isn't he?
I really want to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
It won't take you too long to do that.
Tom was on the same flight as I was.
It'll take you a long time to do that.
Tom is still a minor, isn't he?
Let me tell you exactly what happened.
That didn't even occur to you, did it?
Tom has a thirteen-year-old daughter.
That's not the only reason I did that.
Tom is still at home, isn't he?
This hasn't been easy for you, has it?
Tom and Mary are out of danger.
What are you planning to do in Boston?
Tom is flying to Australia on Monday.
Who's going to be sitting next to you?
Tom is still at work, isn't he?
Is it necessary for you to do that now?
Tom and Mary are really hungry.
It'll be impossible for you to do that.
Tom is looking forward to your visit.
That would be impossible for you to do.
Tom is still in jail, isn't he?
That wouldn't make you happy, would it?
Tom and Mary are really scared.
That's the boy who helped me yesterday.
Tom is waiting for me at the station.
There must be something wrong with you.
Tom is still married, isn't he?
What kinds of things do you like to do?
Tom and Mary are still friends.
Why did it take you so long to do that?
Tom knows why Mary doesn't trust him.
Why didn't you wake me up this morning?
Tom is still nervous, isn't he?
Doing that wasn't as easy as I expected.
Tom and Mary are still outside.
I hope that doesn't happen to you again.
Tom needs something better than that.
It'll cost us a lot of money to do that.
I have only half as many books as you do.
"Which is faster: a deer or a turtle?" "A deer is way faster than a turtle."
It'll take three hours to get there by bus.
It'll take about three hours by bus to get there.
It's been raining all week.
Please don't talk to the driver while he's driving.
Tom isn't the only one who wants to order pizza.
I have to finish this report by next Monday.
I have until next Monday to finish this report.
Tom is learning how to fly a helicopter.
Tom is learning how to fly a kite.
How difficult is it to learn how to fly an airplane?
When was the last time you flew a kite?
Why is skiing so much fun?
Tom is learning how to fly a plane.
Tom is learning how to fly an airplane.
There were a few weirdos on the trail today.
Where can I find a coffee shop that's open late?
Tom is still on duty, isn't he?
That doesn't make sense to you, does it?
Tom and Mary are unpredictable.
That should only take you a few minutes.
Tom often borrows money from friends.
The food is too spicy for you, isn't it?
Tom is still outside, isn't he?
There's no reason you shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary aren't interested.
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
Tom pretended not to understand Mary.
Who's going to drive you to the airport?
Tom is still unhappy, isn't he?
Doing that didn't make you happy, did it?
Tom and Mary are a little early.
Doing that won't be as easy as you think.
Tom seems to have no self-confidence.
Is it necessary for you to do that today?
Tom is still waiting, isn't he?
It shouldn't take us too long to do that.
Tom and Mary are about your age.
It's too smoky in here for you, isn't it?
Something bad happened to you, didn't it?
Tom is still working, isn't he?
That's happened to you before, hasn't it?
Tom and Mary are busy right now.
This book might be too difficult for you.
Tom wants to know what'll happen next.
This doesn't seem normal to you, does it?
Tom is still worried, isn't he?
What kinds of things do you like to cook?
Tom and Mary are digging a hole.
What kinds of things do you like to read?
Tom was clearly not happy about that.
What was your favorite subject in school?
Tom is studying hard, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are getting better.
Doing that might be too difficult for you.
Tom went out to get something to eat.
Is it really necessary for you to do that?
Tom is taking a bath, isn't he?
It shouldn't take you too long to do that.
Tom and Mary are older than you.
It wasn't easy for you to do that, was it?
Tom is leaving the day after tomorrow.
It would be impossible for you to do that.
Tom is under the bed, isn't he?
That sounds reasonable to you, doesn't it?
Tom and Mary are probably right.
The same thing happened to you, didn't it?
Tom is thirty minutes behind schedule.
What happened didn't surprise you, did it?
Tom is usually right, isn't he?
Is it really necessary for you to go there?
Tom and Mary are probably wrong.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I expected.
Tom is trying a new way of doing that.
That hasn't happened to you before, has it?
Tom is very artistic, isn't he?
These sunglasses belong to you, don't they?
Tom and Mary are ready to leave.
Do you want me to tell you what's happening?
Tom is very grateful for what you did.
It wasn't you who started the fight, was it?
Tom is very gullible, isn't he?
It'll take you about three hours to do that.
Tom and Mary are still underage.
Nothing has changed in the last three years.
That's never happened to you before, has it?
Tom is wearing a hat, isn't he?
Doing that wouldn't make you happy, would it?
Tom and Mary are trying to help.
If anything goes wrong, I'll give you a call.
Tom isn't sure if he can come tonight.
It's not going to be easy for you to do that.
Tom is wearing a tie, isn't he?
There's nothing left for you to do, is there?
Tom and Mary are very dangerous.
There's something troubling you, isn't there?
Tom was arrested driving a stolen car.
This happens to you all the time, doesn't it?
Tom is wearing a wig, isn't he?
Tom wears a wig, doesn't he?
This umbrella doesn't belong to you, does it?
Tom and Mary are very different.
What kind of student were you in high school?
Have you been studying French for a long time?
Tom is willing to go, isn't he?
It took you a long time to do that, didn't it?
Tom and Mary are already married.
It's going to be difficult for you to do that.
Tom has been waiting patiently all day.
It's going to take you a long time to do that.
Tom is with Mary now, isn't he?
People tell you that all the time, don't they?
Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
She arrived.
I cannot hear anything.
They are planning a trip to London.
I live in this world.
Be careful of pickpockets here.
My friend told me he bought a clock.
Only if you loved me the way I loved you.
Many people have died on this trail.
Tom was sore from head to toe.
Tom's father burst into the room and shot Tom while he was watching a bloopers show on TV.
Tom can't stop eating figs.
Tom drank a Bloody Mary while watching the sunset with Mary.
Where's the bucket?
It's not pleasant here.
My boots are dusty.
A weird man with orange-framed glasses was walking barefoot on the trail while holding a large rock in each hand.
A weird woman was hiking on the trail with her cat in special backpack.
Tom farted loudly while walking past a large vertical rock face on the trail, effectively amplifying the fart and sending it down into the valley.
Tom is large, broad shouldered, and muscular. Whenever he wears his camouflage shirt, it intimidates people.
Two invertebrates prepared for battle.
The octopus walked underwater like a human with two tentacles while carrying two halves of a coconut with the other six tentacles.
Tom had motion sickness.
Mary feared that her lap dog could not be the excuse for all of her emissions, especially when other cohabitants possessed refined senses. Half a cup of pâté with every meal would suffice, she figured, to fool any would-be Sherlock.
To travel is to live.
We are still owed many of our things.
Tom is the fastest gun in Boston.
Tom is the fastest draw in Boston.
Tom can't stand pit bull apologists.
Scarce now the summer had begun, when straight / my father, old Anchises, gave command / to spread our canvas and to trust to Fate. / Weeping, I leave my native port, the land, / the fields where once the Trojan towers did stand, / and, homeless, launch upon the boundless brine, / heart-broken outcast, with an exiled band, / comrades, and son, and household gods divine, / and the great Gods of Troy, the guardians of our line.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do and damned if you don't.
There is no human being from whom we cannot learn something if we are interested enough to dig deep.
I am not a gifted person. I had only three assets: I was keenly interested, I accepted every challenge and every opportunity to learn more, and I had great energy and discipline.
In the very desire for help one is apt to forget that the objective should be to enable the individual to stand on his own feet.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life.
We obtain our education at home, at school, and, most important, from life itself.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
When you stop learning you stop living in any vital and meaningful sense.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Character building begins in our infancy and continues until death.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission.
Life is what you make it. Always has been, always will be.
You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.
Each time you learn something new you must readjust the whole framework of your knowledge.
You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you stop to really look fear in the face... Do the thing you think you cannot do.
All of life is a constant education.
Every time you meet a situation you think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it, you find that forever after you are freer than you were before.
Courage is exhilarating.
In the long run there is no more liberating, no more exhilarating experience than to determine one’s position, state it bravely, and then act boldly. Action brings with it its own courage, its own energy, a growth of self-confidence that can be acquired in no other way.
Perhaps the most essential thing for a continuing education is to develop the capacity to know what you see and to understand what it means. Many people seem to go through life without seeing.
Be confident, not certain.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
What could we accomplish if we knew we could not fail?
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Nothing alive can stand still, it goes forward or back. Life is interesting only as long as it is a process of growth; or, to put it another way, we can grow only as long as we are interested.
Usefulness, whatever form it may take, is the price we should pay for the air we breathe and the food we eat and the privilege of being alive.
Your ambition should be to get as much life out of living as you possibly can, as much enjoyment, as much interest, as much experience, as much understanding. Not simply to be what is generally called “a success.”
One thing life has taught me: if you are interested, you never have to look for new interests. They come to you. When you are genuinely interested in one thing, it will always lead to something else.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. Curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Your life is your own. You mold it. You make it. All anyone can do is to point out ways and means which have been helpful to others. Perhaps they will serve as suggestions to stimulate your own thinking until you know what it is that will fulfill you, will help you to find out what you want to do with your life.
We gain courage and wisdom from every instance in which we stop to look fear in the face.
There is nothing to fear except fear itself.
The answer to fear is not to cower and hide; it is not to surrender feebly without contest. The answer is to stand and face it boldly. Look at it, analyze it, and, in the end, act.
Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.
As for accomplishments, I just did what I had to do as things came along.
You can never really live anyone else's life, not even your child's. The influence you exert is through your own life, and what you've become yourself.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
So it is a major part of maturity to accept not only your own shortcomings but those of the people you love, and help them not to fail when you can.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
It's cold at home.
Tom wishes he was more refined.
What tea do you prefer?
Tom is the creator of the popular mobile game "Happy Squirrels."
I noticed one of the names on the list was yours.
I noticed that one of the names on the list was yours.
The doctor told you to lose weight, didn't he?
Tom is going to have a party next week.
These sunglasses don't belong to you, do they?
Tom is Mary's brother, isn't he?
What was the last thing you took a picture of?
Tom and Mary are making progress.
Did the doctor give you something for the pain?
Tom is thinking about moving back home.
How long will it take you to finish doing that?
Tom is Mary's husband, isn't he?
I'd like to introduce you to one of my friends.
Tom and Mary are nearly finished.
If you're not going, I don't want to go either.
Tom will probably get home before dark.
It wouldn't take you very much time to do that.
Tom is a baseball fan, isn't he?
It didn't take you very long to do that, did it?
Tom and Mary are up to something.
It took you quite a while to do that, didn't it?
Tom goes back home almost every weekend.
It'll only take you about three days to do that.
Tom is a bit confused, isn't he?
People make fun of you all the time, don't they?
Tom and Mary are very interested.
That's happened to you several times, hasn't it?
Tom is going to get in trouble for that.
These gloves are too small for you, aren't they?
Tom is a bit snobbish, isn't he?
These shoes are big enough for you, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are very successful.
This desk is a little too low for you, isn't it?
Tom isn't the only one here from Boston.
How long did it take you to learn how to do that?
Tom is a car mechanic, isn't he?
How long did it take you to learn how to do this?
Tom and Mary are absolutely right.
It should only take you a few minutes to do that.
Tom learned how to swim three years ago.
It'll probably take you several hours to do that.
Tom is a car salesman, isn't he?
These tickets didn't cost you anything, did they?
Tom and Mary are doing that wrong.
This is the most expensive necklace in the store.
Tom let me know that I'd made a mistake.
Have you decided what you're going to do tomorrow?
Tom is a creative guy, isn't he?
This is the first time you've done this, isn't it?
Tom and Mary are finished already.
Have you decided when you're going to go to Boston?
Tom wants to know what's going to happen.
How many months has it been since you've done that?
Tom is a fast swimmer, isn't he?
What's the luckiest thing that has happened to you?
Tom and Mary are getting divorced.
What made you think doing that would be a good idea?
Tom's ex-wife married Mary's ex-husband.
You're the one who painted this picture, aren't you?
Tom is a friendly guy, isn't he?
Things like this don't usually happen to you, do they?
Tom and Mary are having breakfast.
It took you a long time to figure that out, didn't it?
Tom is really good at playing the guitar.
People ask you that question all the time, don't they?
Tom is a friendly kid, isn't he?
What percentage of the students in your class are girls?
Tom and Mary are here to help you.
What's the luckiest thing that has ever happened to you?
Tom is still looking for a place to live.
Why don't you go to the park and play with your friends?
Tom is a fussy person, isn't he?
It only took you about three hours to do that, didn't it?
Tom and Mary are moving to Boston.
It shouldn't take you more than a few minutes to do that.
Tom lived here up until three months ago.
What's the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
Tom is a gifted actor, isn't he?
It won't take you as long to do that as you think it will.
Tom and Mary are working upstairs.
It'll take you a lot longer to do that than you think it will.
Tom usually drinks more coffee than I do.
What's something you'd really like to buy but can't afford?
Tom is a good bassist, isn't he?
Have you been back to Boston since you graduated from college?
Tom and Mary are coming to get you.
Tom never thinks about his children.
Our stay in Paris was nice.
We have a stop for half an hour in Paris.
It'll take you longer to do that than you think it will.
We bought a house on credit.
This trip was promised to him two years ago.
The door is closed with the controller.
A round trip to your place takes an hour.
Do you go to the pool often?
Do you go to the movies often?
I don't want you to use my computer.
That's not a Death Star. It's a breakfast cafe.
Tom and Mary went to see "Environmental Noise" live in concert. It was just a jackhammer and some angst-ridden crows.
The coffee was mediocre.
The cream exploded into a cliche in the author's coffee mug.
Tom and Mary hadn't seen John in years.
Every movie preview now starts with an explosion -- sort of like how Mary slams down the toilet seat because Tom always leaves it up.
This visit to the ER was brought to you by "Return of the Beet Juice." Now in theaters.
The sentence was short.
Was the train crowded?
Tom wanted to know how much Mary weighed.
I regret what happened.
Tom is a good drummer, isn't he?
Have you eaten breakfast?
Tom and Mary are getting a divorce.
These mushrooms aren't edible.
Tom doesn't have any reason to be nervous.
I don't know that song.
Tom is a good manager, isn't he?
I think I heard gunshots.
Tom and Mary are going to get help.
The meeting ended at 2:30.
Tom and his friends are playing volleyball.
This is a nice restaurant.
Tom is a good painter, isn't he?
How much did your computer cost?
Tom and Mary are going to have fun.
Will three hundred dollars be enough?
Tom is going to eat dinner with us tonight.
Everyone else at the party was a lot drunker than I was.
Everybody else at the party was a lot drunker than I was.
It'll take you longer to do that than you think.
The girl you were talking to is my sister.
The girl that you were talking to is my sister.
Tom realized Mary was following him.
Tom realized that Mary was following him.
Tom knew Mary was following him.
Tom knew that Mary was following him.
Tom and I've known each other since we were children.
Tom and I've known each other since we were kids.
Everyone knows Tom and I don't like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and I don't like each other.
Everyone knows Tom and I like each other.
Everybody knows Tom and I like each other.
I was hoping Tom would do that for me.
I was hoping that Tom would do that for me.
Do you think you and I could do that together?
Do you think that you and I could do that together?
Tom knew Mary was a teacher.
Tom knew Mary would probably do that.
Tom knew that Mary would probably do that.
Tom hid the gold coins where he thought no one would find them.
Tom hid the gold coins where he thought nobody would find them.
Tom picked up all the dog poop on Park Street.
"What is this?" "It's vinaigrette."
Tom is a good swimmer, isn't he?
It wouldn't take so much time for you to do that.
Tom and Mary are lucky to be alive.
It'll take about three hours to get there by car.
Tom is looking forward to hearing from you.
What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?
Tom is a handsome guy, isn't he?
The doctor said that there's nothing wrong with you.
Tom isn't sure whether he can come tonight.
I wish that you and I could spend more time together.
Tom is a handsome man, isn't he?
Part of our roof was blown off in last night's storm.
Tom and Mary are worried about you.
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
Tom will be leaving the day after tomorrow.
I thought you and I were supposed to do that together.
Tom is a heavy smoker, isn't he?
It would be great if you and I could do that together.
Tom and Mary are going to need help.
It took me three hours to drive here from Boston.
Tom is eating dinner now in the dining room.
I'm glad you and I were able to spend some time together.
Tom is a little drunk, isn't he?
It cost three hundred dollars to get that clock repaired.
Tom and Mary are going to try again.
This might be the last time you and I ever see each other.
Tom is staying here with us for three weeks.
It's been a while since you and I've gone camping together.
Tom is a little early, isn't he?
It's likely going to take you about three hours to do that.
Tom and Mary are interesting people.
I would like it if you and I could spend more time together.
Tom is trying to help Mary with her homework.
You should check your brakes before taking off on your trip.
Tom is a messy person, isn't he?
The girl sitting next to you on the bench was very attractive.
Tom and Mary are nearly out of time.
It's been a long time since you and I've been to a movie together.
The dog is ill.
Try not to dance.
It's ten meters long and two meters wide.
I met Tom last year at a party.
It'll probably take you about three hours to do that.
I have plans to go to Boston tomorrow.
We haven't heard from Tom since then.
We haven't seen Tom since then.
I went to Australia three years ago.
I wish I had the desire to do that.
I want to get better at doing this.
This is something I've wanted to do for a long time.
This is something that I've wanted to do for a long time.
I want to be sure we're doing the right thing.
I want to be sure that we're doing the right thing.
I just wanted to be left alone.
I just wanted some peace and quiet.
Do you want me to buy anything for you while I'm at the supermarket?
Tom doesn't know how to ask for help.
Tom never asks anyone for help.
Tom never asks anybody for help.
When was the last time you asked someone for help?
When was the last time you asked somebody for help?
When was the last time that you asked someone for help?
When was the last time that you asked somebody for help?
I'd never ask Tom to do that.
I'd never ask Tom to do that for me.
I wish that Tom hadn't asked me to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom a few questions.
I want you to cook dinner tonight.
The wind blew my hat off.
I have a couple of questions I want to ask you.
For more information, visit example.com.
Can I do anything to help you?
My dad, who is a virgin, had me in a test tube gestating for months.
Carthage was destroyed by the Romans.
But Love wanted to make a match of his own devising.
There was a public feast of Aphrodite.
I wrote a cookbook.
Almost every woman had gone to the temple.
So smitten, Chaereas could barely make his way home.
Τhe night came terribly upon them both.
If you buy a ticket swiftly, you might still catch the train.
When rating a restaurant, there is only one question that needs to be asked: Did I experience projectile vomiting and/or violent diarrhea after eating there? Check.
Far off there lies, with many a spacious plain, / the land of Mars, by Thracians tilled and sown, / where stern Lycurgus whilom held his reign; / a hospitable shore, to Troy well-known, / her home-gods leagued in union with our own, / while Fortune smiled.
This is my doing.
It's all Tom's doing.
Israel has the right to "defend" itself including by killing children in their homes with chemical weapons.
Israel is a racist liberal "democracy".
"Can a country be racist and democratic at the same time?" "Sure. Israel is the perfect example."
Israel is above the law.
Don't arrest me for denouncing Israel's crimes. Arrest the war criminals who are committing them.
How come you're so tired?
I thought you were supposed to be there yesterday.
I thought you were supposed to be able to do this.
I thought you were supposed to have that report written by now.
We didn't have anything else to do.
Petrified trees in Yellowstone are the result of volcanic debris flows that occurred about million years ago.
Fossil of plants, invertebrates, vertebrates, and trace fossils have been identified in Yellowstone National Park from more than stratigraphic units spanning more than million years from the Cambrian to the Cenozoic eras.
Body fossils are the physical remains of an actual organism (shells, bones, teeth, plant leaves, etc.), while trace fossils (burrows, coprolites, footprints, trackways, etc.) preserve evidence of an organism’s activity or behavior.
Best known in Yellowstone are the fossil forests of Specimen Ridge, where the remains of hundreds of 50-million-year-old trees stand exposed on a steep hillside, with trunks up to eight feet in diameter and some more than feet tall.
Erosion is the key to discovery of nearly all paleontological specimens.
Fossils are a non-renewable resource.
Road construction, other infrastructure development, and illegal collecting can impact fossil-bearing units.
Due to the fragility of most fossils, it is necessary to inventory and document fossil localities to evaluate existing fossil material and obtain baseline information so that appropriate management decisions can be made about these areas.
The fossils of Yellowstone have long been studied and have already contributed to important scientific findings.
Research in the park by Charles Walcott on trilobites in the late 1800s provided the foundation for his theory of the “Cambrian Explosion,” a term he used to describe the relatively sudden appearance of complex multi-cellular life possessing “hard parts” such as phosphatic or calcitic exoskeletons.
Sediment cores from the bottom of Yellowstone’s lakes contain fossils of pollen deposited during the Late Pleistocene. These pollen records show which plants were present at that time and allow researchers to infer climate conditions.
It is illegal to dig up, relocate, and/or remove fossils from Grand Canyon National Park. If you find a fossil, please leave it for others to discover and scientists to study.
Body fossils are the preserved remains of ancient life, such as bones, teeth, wood, and shells.
Trace fossils represent the presence or behavior of ancient life, without body parts being present. Footprints, worm burrows, and insect nests are examples of trace fossils.
Sedimentary rock contains fossils because it was built up layer upon layer, often trapping and preserving animals, plants, footprints, and more within the layers of sediment.
If all the conditions are right, fossils are formed as the layers of sediment turn into rock.
You are welcome to take a picture or make a drawing of the fossil, then go to one of the visitor centers to see if a park ranger can help you identify it.
The oldest fossils at Grand Canyon are 1,million to million years old.
Stromatolites are the limestone structures formed by photosynthesizing bacteria called cyanobacteria. They created layers of alternating slimy bacteria and sediment in very shallow water, dominating shallow seas until predators, such as trilobites, came into the picture.
Trilobites fossils are arthropods, or joint-footed animals, with a segmented body of hinged plates and shields. They could curl up into a ball for protection, sometimes fossilizing as a "rolled" trilobite.
Like arthropods today, trilobites molted as they grew, shedding their old exoskeleton. These molts could fossilize, so one animal could leave several different sized fossils behind.
Even though trilobites were relatively primitive animals, they had amazingly complex eyes. Many species had faceted eyes like an insect, using up to 15,lenses in one eye.
Tom never hit Mary.
Was the bus crowded?
Is Tom still busy?
Maybe you and I can sit together.
Tom heard me.
What are you going to do on Monday?
Tom is a prison guard, isn't he?
Maybe you and I could work together.
Tom cooked for Mary.
Maybe you and I should sit together.
Have you heard Tom sing?
I'm glad you and I did that together.
Tom got convicted.
I think you and I can help each other.
Tom is a professional, isn't he?
Tom read Mary's note.
Maybe you and I can go there together.
Have you heard Tom speak French?
Nothing like this has happened before.
Tom was convicted.
I thought you and I could eat together.
Tom is a psychiatrist, isn't he?
I started this research three years ago.
Tom made a cup of tea for Mary.
I think you and I could help each other.
Tom helped you today, didn't he?
I thought you and I could sing together.
Tom ordered coffee.
Maybe you and I should do that together.
Tom is a psychologist, isn't he?
Would it be possible for you to do that?
Tom won't be able to fool Mary.
It might be very hard for you to do that.
If that happens again, please let me know.
Tom packed his bag.
Maybe you and I can do that together again.
Tom is a quiet person, isn't he?
I thought you and I could hang out together.
Tom is back with Mary, isn't he?
It'll take you a couple of hours to do that.
Do you think Tom is a good singer?
The food at that restaurant isn't very good.
Tom has just retired.
I thought you and I could get together later.
Tom is a real charmer, isn't he?
I only have three hundred dollars in the bank.
Tom is expecting Mary, isn't he?
I was hoping you and I could do that together.
Tom has a few tattoos, doesn't he?
It took me about three days to read that book.
Tom doesn't have kids.
Tom is a sheep farmer, isn't he?
It'll be easier if you and I do that together.
Tom is ready for Mary, isn't he?
Tom told you what to do, didn't he?
Would it be possible for you to do that today?
Tom drove us back home.
Maybe you and I could spend some time together.
Tom is a slow learner, isn't he?
I wish you and I could spend more time together.
Tom is scared of Mary, isn't he?
It'll probably take you more than three hours to finish doing that.
How many days a week do you see Tom?
The most common shelled animal in the ancient seas was the brachiopod.
Fossils are fun.
Finding fossils is like a search and rescue mission; once a bone is exposed to the elements, the clock starts for all of the processes that will eventually destroy the bone unless paleontologists can get to it first.
During the season, interns, seasonal rangers, and park paleontologists walk all corners of the park to find fossils coming out of the badlands.
When a fossil is found, paleontologists use a variety of tiny picks, knives, and glues to dig around the bone, making sure to leave as much rock on the fossil as possible.
Each time a fossil is found, paleontologists make careful notes about its geographic position, which rock layer it came out of, what materials were used to dig it up, and lots of other contextual information like noting the weather, who was in the field crew, and what time the discovery was made.
Once the fossils are out of the ground, they are taken to the fossil preparation lab.
The goal of the fossil preparators is to remove all of the rock surrounding the fossil in the field jacket, and to stabilize the fossil so that it can last in the collections in perpetuity.
The curator of the museum is responsible for properly housing each specimen in the storage cabinets and facilitating loans and visiting researchers.
Once each fossil is stable, it is assigned a unique number and accessioned into the museum collections.
Scientists from all over the world visit Petrified Forest in order to study the fossils from the park.
Collection of plants, rocks, petrified wood, fossils, archeological objects or other materials is illegal anywhere in the park.
Pack it in, pack it out. Leave no trash behind.
Recycling is the third R. You have to reduce and reuse first.
Disposable coffee cups, greasy pizza boxes and plastic bags cannot be recycled.
You can sit a little closer.
Where's your package? We need to mail it.
Don't sit in the back.
After the hike, Tom switched from his hiking boots to his sneakers.
Today's game is a double-header.
Tom can get crazy at parties.
Mary doesn't like it when her nephews act silly.
Can you pour vodka into my cut?
The last time was in 1986.
Don't waste your money on foods made from grass species: sugar, wheat, corn, beer, etc. They're cheap to produce and only benefit the producers. Humans are ill-adapted to eat grass.
Where does all the money go?
Tom had his organs donated after he died in a diving accident.
Mary likes to pretend she's a mermaid when swimming.
War is accompanied by wretchedness and sorrow.
It was so boring and lacking in creativity that everyone left.
There was no point in sticking around. They had made too many rules and restrictions.
They had no imagination.
Their readership plummeted to almost zero.
It was completely inane.
It was dry, colorless, and well-worn.
The cow was milked twice a day.
I don't have any money to pay for the bus.
It could possibly rain today.
It wasn't me who translated this.
It's very likely Tom will be chosen.
It's very likely that Tom will be chosen.
The cows are in danger.
I'm hungry for cheese.
Pickles are made from cucumbers.
Tom can't sleep.
It's very likely that Tom will be late.
You can believe Tom.
He likes ice cream.
I'd love to go.
We'll have breakfast at eight o'clock.
I didn't do that yesterday, so I have to do that today.
I've decided to keep a diary this year.
I've mentioned it to you before.
I love shopping here.
We have lunch at noon.
We have no idea where Tom is.
This eagle can't fly. Its wings are broken.
This bird can't fly. Its wings are broken.
Maria and Julia are both blind.
They say that love is blind.
This sparrow's wings are broken.
I have a coat, but no hat.
I would like to go abroad.
Hither, with fates malign, / I steer, and landing for our purposed town / the walls along the winding shore design, / and coin for them a name "AEneadae" from mine.
We've seen the two teachers.
We saw the two teachers.
Aart was a member of the Dutch Nazi party.
Aart worked for the Nazis.
He was elected to the committee.
What would you say if there weren't any more fish?
I'm doing this out of respect for Tom.
Tom is a man of one-liners.
I harbor no ill will towards Tom.
Tom is a failed actor.
Mary is a failed actress.
Tom is an aspiring actor.
Mary is an aspiring actress.
Tom is a struggling actor.
Tom moved out to Los Angeles to become an actor.
Tom started at the very bottom.
I'd like to go abroad.
No one wants to talk to us anymore.
Nobody wants to talk to us anymore.
Why won't anyone tell us the truth?
Why won't anybody tell us the truth?
Everyone here except us has done that.
Everybody here except us has done that.
I tried to sell my old car, but no one was interested in buying it.
I tried to sell my old car, but nobody was interested in buying it.
I didn't know I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
I didn't know that I didn't have enough money to buy what I needed.
It's not windy today.
It isn't very windy today.
The ship Tom was on sank.
The ship that Tom was on sank.
The bad weather kept us from leaving.
I was afraid to go near Tom's dog because I was afraid it would bite me.
I like donuts.
Tom is a smart person, isn't he?
Here's our wine list.
Tom never gave Mary any jewelry.
It'll be impossible for us to do that.
Do you sometimes go fishing with Tom?
I like olive oil.
Tom and I sang in unison.
Was the weather nice?
Tom is a spoiled brat, isn't he?
Please don't make us do anything else.
We came home by taxi.
Tom and I kissed each other.
Tell us about what happened in Boston.
Tom is a stubborn guy, isn't he?
I like ping pong.
Tom is Mary's gardener, isn't he?
Please call me a taxi.
Did Tom catch as many fish as you did?
That has happened to us several times.
Tom and I saw the same thing.
I like skydiving.
Tom is a stubborn man, isn't he?
This is a lot of food.
Tom is Mary's grandson, isn't he?
That's happened to us plenty of times.
Has Tom given you any money this week?
I like gymnastics.
Tom told me why he was angry.
We had nothing to eat.
Tom is a teacher here, isn't he?
Why didn't anyone tell us this before?
Tom is Mary's landlord, isn't he?
I like ice hockey.
Have you heard Tom play the saxophone?
Which way is downtown?
Tom and I can help each other.
The zoo is only a short walk from here.
Tom is a teacher, too, isn't he?
I like simplicity.
Tom is Mary's neighbor, isn't he?
Traffic was very heavy.
How often do you go swimming with Tom?
The doctor told me to rest for a few days.
Tom complained to the manager.
I like volleyball.
Tom is a third grader, isn't he?
You have to pay in cash.
Tom is Mary's only son, isn't he?
The doctor advised both of us to lose weight.
Tom spoke to you in French, didn't he?
I like water polo.
Tom was overseas at that time.
These suitcases are mine.
Tom is a truck driver, isn't he?
The coffee at this restaurant isn't very good.
Tom is a lot like Mary, isn't he?
I like cauliflower.
Tom told you not to do that, didn't he?
Is there an ATM near here?
Tom had to sign some documents.
The coffee at that restaurant wasn't very good.
Tom is a very shy boy, isn't he?
I like pomegranates.
Tom is angry with Mary, isn't he?
You should go there by bus.
Were you the one who helped Tom do that?
I was offered a job there, but I turned it down.
Tom is bad at parallel parking.
I like the place where I live.
Tom is a veterinarian, isn't he?
Your threats don't scare us.
Tom is engaged to Mary, isn't he?
That's what got you in trouble in the first place.
Tom sat next to you on the bus, didn't he?
I like yogurt.
Tom and I believe in each other.
Tom is about to begin, isn't he?
I used to read a lot, but I don't read much anymore.
Tom is looking at Mary, isn't he?
I like archery.
Do you think it was Tom who stole the money?
You don't have a dog, do you?
Tom and I complement each other.
I don't usually work on Mondays, but last week I did.
Tom is about to leave, isn't he?
I like bananas.
Tom is nicer than Mary, isn't he?
Aren't you going to swim today?
Tom speaks French better than you, doesn't he?
I used to drive to work every day, but nowadays I walk.
Tom and I get along pretty well.
I like cabbage.
Tom is about your age, isn't he?
I was the third one here today.
Tom is older than Mary, isn't he?
I was offered a job there, but I decided to turn it down.
Tom's being here means a lot to you, doesn't it?
I like cycling.
Tom likes Boston more than I do.
How do I get downtown from here?
Tom is acting strange, isn't he?
That's exactly what got you in trouble in the first place.
Tom is related to Mary, isn't he?
I like fencing.
Do you think Tom will be at home tomorrow evening?
I definitely want to swim today.
Tom likes skiing more than I do.
The man sitting next to me on the plane slept the whole way.
Tom is afraid of cats, isn't he?
I like ketchup.
Tom needs to tell Mary something.
I don't know when I'll get home.
"Does Tom play golf?" "Yes, he plays every weekend."
I was very pleased with the audience's reception of my speech.
I like lettuce.
Tom is afraid of dogs, isn't he?
I think we shouldn't swim today.
Tom sat next to Mary on the sofa.
The old lady sitting next to you on the bus looked very tired.
Tom really enjoys talking about himself, doesn't he?
I like mustard.
Tom didn't seem to want to leave.
I don't feel like swimming today.
I like doughnuts.
The setting was idyllic.
Always use defined trails and boardwalks instead of walking across the sensitive dunes.
Beaches are home to many different types of wildlife.
Some animals, including sea turtles and birds, use beaches as nesting areas.
To avoid disturbing wildlife and plants, observe any signs that identify certain areas of the beach to avoid.
Where's your lunch?
All people should love their country.
I'm sorry for bumping into you.
We just ran out of the white wine.
Tom is in touch with his feminine side.
I can't just drop him off.
Somebody has to pick up Tom.
Can someone's mom pick you up after the convention?
Someone will have to help Tom.
Somebody will have to help Tom.
Someone will have to help Tom do that.
Somebody will have to help Tom do that.
Tom sent a bouquet of flowers to his mother on Mother's Day.
I wonder why Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I wonder why Tom didn't help Mary.
I wonder why Tom didn't stay in Boston for another week.
That shelf is too high for me to reach.
We caught a lot of fish this afternoon.
Tom hoped Mary was OK.
Tom adds a tablespoon of ground flaxseeds to his oatmeal every morning.
He has a vast knowledge of music theory.
Learn from the mistakes of others.
Due rites to Venus and the gods I bore, / the work to favour, and a sleek, white steer / to Heaven's high King was slaughtering on the shore.
Do as I say, don't do as I do.
This watch is mine.
Tom speaks Japanese.
Why are you not in your office?
I asked Mr Smith.
My mother thinks I'm a liar.
I want to learn Esperanto.
My dog has a very long tail.
Have you got a white dress?
Tom chuckled loudly.
I want some too.
Tom was dead against it.
I was too proud to admit it.
Tom was too proud to admit it.
Mary was too proud to admit it.
That was ages ago.
Mary kept staring at Tom.
Tom punched the air with his fist.
I'll make myself a sandwich.
I'll make myself a sandwich. Do you want one too?
That hadn't even occurred to me.
That possibility had never even occurred to me.
What's polyamory?
Perception is sometimes more important than reality.
Perception can be more important than reality.
You want to get married?
A photo caught my eye.
A photo on Tom's desk caught my eye.
What are you fussing about?
My mother waited on my father hand and foot.
I could hardly wait for it to happen.
There's more to life than having fun.
Tom started to crack jokes at Mary's expense.
The girls started to crack jokes at Tom's expense.
His friends started to crack jokes at Tom's expense.
Tom is Mary's personal attendant.
Mary denied any romantic interest in Tom.
Tom denied any romantic interest in Mary.
Tom denied having any romantic interest in Mary.
Why are you always defending him?
Why are you always defending her?
You're the one who brought up the subject.
I had the feeling that Tom knew something more about Mary than he let on.
She was convinced that she could make him love her.
Tom jumped on the trampoline.
Tom fell from the trampoline.
I'll take another crack at it later.
Tom took a crack at it.
Tom took a crack at the problem.
You nailed it.
Tom nailed it.
I think I nailed it.
Tom lives in the student village.
With cornel shrubs and many a prickly spear / of myrtle crowned, it chanced a mound was near.
Stop busting my balls.
Tom is busting his balls to get the work done on time.
I think that dog might bite us if we get out of the car.
It doesn't seem safe here.
What's up with all these fruit flies?
Nice shot, man.
I like to study at this cafe.
This sandwich has multiple levels and a final boss.
We're so weird.
Pass it on.
Stop whistling.
Why do you have scratches all over your legs?
She plays with her hair compulsively when she studies.
All I can hear is mumbling.
You can see the ocean from this narrow field-of-view.
Please tie your shoes.
What's the point of studying?
I think my friend might be coming here.
Excuse me, do you guys mind watching our stuff for like five minutes?
Thank you, guys!
I have to walk back to the hotel.
Their meals at that table look better than mine.
Do you know how to do that dance?
That is very low key.
Where's your hotel?
There are too many tourists here.
All the kids are doing the backpack kid dance.
We're waiting in the hotel lobby.
So many people are talking, but I can't understand what they're saying.
Tom said that he was glad that you're back.
The clerk in the hotel lobby knows a lot about the local traffic conditions.
Can you break this twenty?
What do you want to work on first?
After the accident, my left arm hurt for a long time.
I do not wish to know that.
The cat meowed all night long.
The words weren't easy to spell.
Leave the door open when you leave.
Tom often talks about his work.
If you don't have any money, I'll lend you some.
If you don't have enough money to buy that, I'll lend you some.
I hardly ever run into Tom.
I seldom see Tom anymore.
It seems that Tom can still do that.
You promised me that you would take care of Tom.
We have to cancel our trip to Boston.
We'll go to Boston and Chicago.
Tom has gotten fatter since the last time you saw him.
Thither I drew, and strove with eager hold / a green-leaved sapling from the soil to tear, / to shade with boughs the altars, when behold / a portent, weird to see and wondrous to unfold!
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them in the washing machine.
Scarce the first stem uprooted, from the wood / black drops distilled, and stained the earth with gore.
It's not like that at all.
Thanks, bro.
Tom has a souvenir magnet of Boston on his fridge.
How many cigarettes do you smoke in a day?
What a warm welcome! How did I deserve this?
Do we have rice?
I was here at sharp, but you weren't.
The food is too salty.
Can you recommend any Broadway musicals?
Where can we buy tickets?
Do you have a recycle bin?
Where can I buy purified water?
This coffee is horrible.
"Let's binge watch another series." "Please, no more."
This is first time Tom has been excited about a work project.
What is the take away?
Have you talked to management?
Is my account in good standing?
"Do you want to go watch a double-header at Tom's and drink some home brew ?" "Not this time."
I'm drawing a blank.
Please, not again.
Do you use deodorant?
Is this required?
Two weird men are sitting in a truck outside.
Do you like action movies?
Stop pretending to be a dolphin.
That looks dorky.
Tom said so.
Because I said so.
It's the same difference.
Tom had a guilty smile on his face.
You guys have too much time on your hands.
Mary hates Tom's guts.
Did you like the salad?
Tear down this wall.
Tom is all by himself, isn't he?
I remembered to lock the door, but I forgot to lock the windows.
Tom sat on the sofa next to Mary.
I like oatmeal.
"Tom can't drive." "How about you?" "I can't either."
Please give us a little more time.
Tom needs to sign some documents.
You're the only one who wants to go home early today, aren't you?
Tom is already asleep, isn't he?
I like oranges.
Tom is Mary's assistant, isn't he?
Please tell us what the rules are.
"Does Tom play tennis?" "Yes, he plays almost every day."
You're the only person in the office who can do that, aren't you?
Tom and I couldn't see each other.
I like peaches.
Tom is also a teacher, isn't he?
Please wait for us at the station.
Tom is Mary's boyfriend, isn't he?
You're the one who suggested that we do that together, aren't you?
You're the one who suggested that Tom do it that way, aren't you?
Have you ever gone mountain climbing alone?
Tom and I sing together sometimes.
Tell us about your trip to Boston.
Tom is always at home, isn't he?
You're the only one working here who can speak French, aren't you?
Tom is about Mary's age, isn't he?
I like sailing.
"When will Tom be back?" "I don't know , but probably tomorrow afternoon."
Tell us your plans for the future.
Tom chained his bicycle to a tree.
I was hungry when I got home, but I was too tired to cook anything.
Tom is always careful, isn't he?
Thanks a lot for helping us today.
Tom isn't usually here on Mondays.
I live in Boston now, but I lived in Chicago up until three years ago.
Tom is always on time, isn't he?
I like sausage.
Tom is busier than Mary, isn't he?
There was nothing for us to drink.
Tom likes swimming more than I do.
It sure took you a long time to figure out what the problem was, didn't it?
Tom is an amazing guy, isn't he?
I like skating.
Tom is crazy about Mary, isn't he?
I'd prefer to stay at home tonight.
Tom speaks French better than you.
I like spinach.
Tom is an art student, isn't he?
If that happens again, let us know.
Tom is faster than Mary, isn't he?
I like walnuts.
Tom wanted to talk something else.
Please don't make us do that again.
Tom is an avid reader, isn't he?
I like Westerns.
Tom is fatter than Mary, isn't he?
Please don't make us go back there.
Tom has just gotten home from work.
I like apricots.
Tom is an electrician, isn't he?
Please tell us what should be done.
Tom is here to see Mary, isn't he?
I like broccoli.
Tom told me what needed to be done.
The same thing happened to us once.
Tom is an entertainer, isn't he?
I like canoeing.
Tom is hiding from Mary, isn't he?
The teacher kicked us out of class.
Tom was too afraid to say anything.
I like cherries.
Tom is an unlucky guy, isn't he?
Your threats don't scare us at all.
Tom is in Mary's office, isn't he?
I like cucumbers.
Tom and I met each other at a party.
I don't care which hotel we stay at.
Tom is angry with you, isn't he?
I like handball.
Tom is looking for Mary, isn't he?
Please tell us what your opinion is.
Tom likes doing that more than I do.
I like painting.
Tom is apt to be late, isn't he?
Please tell us what your problem is.
Tom is richer than Mary, isn't he?
I like shopping.
Tom says that doesn't matter to him.
Please tell us what's going on here.
Tom is apt to do that, isn't he?
I like sledding.
Tom is taller than Mary, isn't he?
Thanks for agreeing to meet us here.
Tom spoke to his uncle on the phone.
I like tomatoes.
Tom is away on a trip, isn't he?
Thanks for inviting us to the party.
Tom is too old for Mary, isn't he?
I like zucchini.
Tom wanted to ask us some questions.
I looked around for something to eat.
Tom is awfully skinny, isn't he?
That had never happened to us before.
Tom is twice Mary's age, isn't he?
That was big of Tom to help out like that.
You have to put the pen on paper.
Tom's place is really tacky.
Ten percent? Tom can't do ten percent of anything.
In the freezer, there is a bowl of pea soup with sausages.
Can you make sausages?
Tom loves sausages, potatoes, and coffee.
Why are you always defending Tom?
I'm making myself a sandwich. Do you want one, too?
I'm making myself a sandwich. Would you like me to make one for you, too?
Why are we driving to Boston?
Mary has generalized anxiety disorder.
What is a flat-earther?
I'm a flat-earther.
Don't be afraid of criticizing Israel.
This soup tastes like shit.
Basically, run for your life.
Eat flaxseed everyday.
"I might walk down to the Death Star." "Why do you call every breakfast place a Death Star?"
Tom was a fruit fly, but he died.
The warlord made us translate sentences.
The warlord looked good on Facebook.
How can I not worry?
Ancient science must be preserved.
Ali broke his fast with dates and water.
You have to put pen to paper.
He's a funny and nice boy.
Tom likes retro gaming.
Tom loves 8-bit music.
Real music isn't on the radio.
Time has no function but to consume itself. It burns without leaving ashes.
Why do large dogs sometimes want to kill small dogs?
None of my friends are online.
You spooked me.
I didn't see you standing there.
Where can I buy overalls?
These overalls are comfortable.
What do French dogs eat?
How do I learn to sew?
Can you mend my pants?
My sock has a hole in it.
I had to turn back. It was far too hot on the hiking trail.
This cocktail contains a sea urchin.
What is an oyster shooter?
He writes haphazardly.
The flowers are densely packed together.
These wild asses are found only on the Tibetan plateau.
The school of fish moves together.
Water was gushing out from the sand slope.
A herd of yaks came into view.
The numbers of elephants have quickly plummeted.
The area is surrounded by steep mountains.
They sacrificed a sheep.
All the family gathered for a feast.
Water is still gushing out.
This water never freezes.
In this time of the year, male and female yaks break off into separate herds.
These birds don't migrate.
These wild horses were reintroduced in the area.
I wanted to photograph these wild horses for so long.
They need special permits to get into this area.
We want to hold on to our ancient way of life.
Tom likes to listen in on over-privileged tourists' conversations at the corner cafe.
Why is coffee so expensive?
What is farofa?
Mary likes Brazilian food.
Tom curses in Portuguese when his team doesn't win.
Eating a large amount of sashimi will demonstrate the satiety effect of nutrient-dense food. The eater will quickly become full.
Your home has become strange to you.
Can a strange land be my home?
From your lips we are long waiting for a word of trust.
I have always had hope in you, Diana, / and that hope I still keep alive.
Doctors treat symptoms. If they really practiced actual health, they would look like Tarzan.
After being accidentally locked in a warehouse in the middle of winter, Tom began to die of hypothermia. In the last stages, he shed his clothes and burrowed into a pile of boxes.
The car has changed our lives.
Tom was sunbathing in the park.
People were sunbathing in the park.
Mary is sunbathing in the park.
Tom is sunbathing on the beach.
Tom examined the photograph with a magnifying glass.
It will take a lot patience and tenacity to complete this project.
Dogs bark. That's what dogs do.
The dog sleeps on the back of the sofa.
Mary's home.
Tom's become a hipster.
How is it that dishes pile up so quickly?
I'm waiting for a response.
Do you know how to turn on the stove?
What could be better?
Tom travels for work regularly.
Tom married above his station.
Tom and Mary often complain that they never get to be together without the children.
Tom was wearing an old T-shirt with holes in it.
My favorite sport is football.
"Has the sun come up yet." "Yes, it just came up."
Tom and I always help each other out.
Has the taxi come yet?
Tom is back in Boston, isn't he?
Don't let the fire go out.
Tom is very mad at Mary, isn't he?
Don't stay out after dark.
Tom and I often encourage each other.
Has the movie started already?
Tom is back in prison, isn't he?
I'm now living on Park Street.
Tom is waiting for Mary, isn't he?
Have you ever had an operation?
Tom and I'll see each other tomorrow.
Why are you going to Australia?
Tom is baking cookies, isn't he?
Have you drunk any coffee today?
Tom sat next to Mary on the bench.
Have you lived here a long time?
Tom and I never lie to each other.
I almost forgot to bring my lunch.
Tom is behaving oddly, isn't he?
I think we need to turn left here.
Tom sat next to Mary on the floor.
Have you already washed the dishes?
Tom has already explained this to us.
Have you always had that hairstyle?
Tom is being cautious, isn't he?
Have you already read the newspaper?
Tom and Mary are probably sleeping.
Tom locked the doors and the windows.
There's nothing we need to do today.
Tom is being childish, isn't he?
Have you ever had a traffic accident?
Tom is Mary's ex-husband, isn't he?
I almost got hit by a car this morning.
Tom poured a little milk for himself.
What are the two of you planning to do?
Tom is being stubborn, isn't he?
Have you always lived with your parents?
Tom is Mary's oldest son, isn't he?
I haven't eaten Chinese food in a while.
Tom wanted to become an opera singer.
Have you already read the newspaper today?
Tom is bigger than me, isn't he?
I've fallen asleep in class several times.
Tom is Mary's only child, isn't he?
Have you read any books by Agatha Christie?
Tom wants to become a French teacher.
When was the last time you burned yourself?
Tom is busy right now, isn't he?
Have you gone to any good concerts recently?
Tom is Mary's son-in-law, isn't he?
When was the last time you washed your hair?
Tom wants to learn to defend himself.
"Has the bell rung yet?" "Yes, it just rang."
Tom is claustrophobic, isn't he?
I didn't get home until after dark yesterday.
Tom is Mary's stepfather, isn't he?
When was the last time that you went camping?
Tom wasn't able to control his anger.
When was the last time you painted a picture?
Tom is coming with us, isn't he?
I don't remember exactly where I parked my car.
Tom and I didn't recognize each other.
Have you ever gotten a letter from another country?
"Has the concert already begun?" "Yes, it just began."
Tom is digging a hole, isn't he?
Please make sure you get back home before it gets dark.
Tom and I don't live close to each other.
You should take this rope with you, just in case you need it.
Tom is counting on us, isn't he?
I plan to go camping with some of my friends the weekend after next.
Tom is friends with Mary, isn't he?
I couldn't find a seat, so I stood in the back of the auditoriumn.
Tom and I know each other fairly well.
You either have too many pickles or no pickles.
Do you know how to operate the shower?
That's a good problem to have.
There was a sense of urgency.
Is it urgent?
I'm not following.
How so?
Perhaps you'll reconsider.
When is your appointment?
Where do you get off saying that?
There are two lines of thought here.
Yes, it could be said.
Tom is funnier than Mary, isn't he?
I very seldom study in the library.
Tom and I know each other pretty well.
Have you visited any of your relatives this month?
Tom is doing fine now, isn't he?
Have you quarreled with your parents this week?
Tom is going to see Mary, isn't he?
Have you met any interesting people recently?
Tom is doing his best, isn't he?
Have you ever tried surfing?
Tom is here to help Mary, isn't he?
Have you ever overslept and missed a class?
Tom leaned his bicycle against a tree.
Have you ever lived in a small town?
Tom is doing his part, isn't he?
Have you helped your mother this week?
Tom and I text each other all the time.
Have you ever eaten Indonesian food?
Tom is in love with Mary, isn't he?
Have you ever eaten eggs with ketchup?
Tom wanted to learn to defend himself.
Have you ever driven a truck?
Tom is doing it right, isn't he?
Have you ever been in a play?
Tom is sitting with Mary, isn't he?
Have you eaten pork this week?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he was angry.
Have you drawn any pictures recently?
Tom is doing it wrong, isn't he?
Have you been downtown this week?
Tom is still mad at Mary, isn't he?
Have you always been a good student?
I want you and Tom to do that together.
Has your father ever cut your hair?
Tom is doing that now, isn't he?
Has your father ever been to Africa?
Tom is waiting with Mary, isn't he?
Did you bake a cake for the party tonight?
That's a hard row to hoe.
Have you heard this before?
I'll buy tickets.
Where did we park?
Mary threw up.
Mary is weary of Tom's promises.
There's more.
I bet you no one's thought of this before.
They question your ability to lead.
Do you have any management experience?
It's a dog's life.
I question myself.
Now is not the time to panic.
Sit down. Relax.
Take the weight off your feet. Sit down and relax.
We're out of soap.
Can you take out the trash?
Do you want me to run the dishwasher?
I washed a sink full of dishes three times today.
There's something stuck.
To adjust the door, we use shims.
Watch your fingers.
The stars are innumerable.
Tom is very unpredictable when he's been drinking.
Tom thinks I'm missing a great opportunity.
Did you know Tom wanted to become a carpenter?
Did you know that Tom wanted to become a carpenter?
I'm glad that Tom isn't here anymore.
I'm glad that I was able to help.
How often did you go to the dentist when you were a kid?
How often did you go to the dentist when you were a child?
Tom is doing well now, isn't he?
Tom is working with Mary, isn't he?
How old is this place?
Tom and I've known each other for ages.
How old is your house?
Tom is done for today, isn't he?
How early do you get up?
Tom is younger than Mary, isn't he?
How did your parents meet?
Tom has never said anything about that.
How often do you eat pizza?
Tom is double-jointed, isn't he?
How many times have you moved?
Tom likes Mary, and Mary likes him.
How did you come here today?
Tom leaned the ladder against the wall.
How late does the zoo stay open?
Tom is eager to leave, isn't he?
I'll be here all day tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are playing volleyball.
How many people here do you know?
Tom likes playing chess more than I do.
How long do you want to live here?
Tom is easy to please, isn't he?
I watch the news almost every day.
Tom and Mary are very close friends.
I go downtown several times a week.
Tom likes to listen to classical music.
I go shopping at least once a week.
Tom is eating cookies, isn't he?
How late do you stay up every night?
Tom and Mary are visiting relatives.
How late do you stay out on weekends?
Tom wasn't able to hide his excitement.
How many windows are in your bedroom?
Tom is expecting that, isn't he?
How often do you sharpen your pencil?
Tom and Mary are willing to help us.
How late does this building stay open?
Tom and I don't kiss each other anymore.
How many books did you read last year?
Tom is extremely busy, isn't he?
How often are you supposed to do that?
Tom is Mary's best friend, isn't he?
How often do you ride your motorcycle?
Tom asked some questions to the teacher.
How often do you think you'll do that?
Tom is faster than me, isn't he?
How often does your father cook dinner?
Tom is Mary's grandfather, isn't he?
How late does the post office stay open?
Tom came a day earlier than we expected.
How long have your parents been married?
Tom is feeling OK now, isn't he?
I've been studying here for three years.
Tom is Mary's stepbrother, isn't he?
Do you brush your teeth after every meal?
Tom's favorite alcoholic drink is tequila.
How many times have you seen an accident?
Tom is full of energy, isn't he?
How often do you study with your friends?
Tom is a friend of Mary's, isn't he?
I occasionally ride my bicycle to school.
Tom peeled the potatoes and cooked them.
How much longer will you be studying here?
Tom is fun to be with, isn't he?
About how many books did you read last year?
Tom is going to help Mary, isn't he?
How hot does it get in Boston in the summer?
Tom realized that the door was unlocked.
How much orange juice do you want me to buy?
Tom is gaining weight, isn't he?
How cold does it get in Boston in the winter?
Tom is going to miss Mary, isn't he?
How many times have you traveled by airplane?
Tom waited for me to pay for everything.
I watched TV for about three hours yesterday.
Tom is gambling again, isn't he?
This winter I plan to go skiing every weekend.
Tom is going to tell Mary, isn't he?
How often do you go swimming with your friends?
Tom and I seldom kiss each other anymore.
How old were you the first time you drank beer?
Tom is getting better, isn't he?
Do you still write letters to your grandparents?
Tom is stronger than Mary, isn't he?
How old were your parents when they got married?
Tom got out of prison after thirty years.
About how many times a day do you wash your hands?
Tom is going downtown, isn't he?
How often did you do that when you were a teenager?
Tom is there to help Mary, isn't he?
I've been studying French for the past three years.
Tom managed to escape through the window.
How old were your grandparents when they got married?
Tom is going to agree, isn't he?
How often do you think you'll go swimming next summer?
Tom is very proud of Mary, isn't he?
How long would it take to drive from Boston to Chicago?
Tom returned a day earlier than expected.
How much longer do you want to live where you're living?
Tom is going to leave, isn't he?
How many hours of video do you think you watched last week?
Tom is worried about Mary, isn't he?
How often were you sick when you were in junior high school?
Tom wants to learn how to defend himself.
How often do you think you'll come back here after you graduate?
Tom is good at skiing, isn't he?
How often did you swim when you were an elementary school student?
Tom wanted to know Mary's last name.
How much do you think the average person spends eating out in a year?
Tom and I enjoyed talking with each other.
When I was a teenager, I used to visit my grandparents about once a month.
Tom is good at soccer, isn't he?
Since you mention it, I really would like to see the ruins of Persepolis.
You don't know how to do anything.
English has become my favourite subject.
Tom slept profoundly.
You're a silly goose!
The coffee shop wasn't open Sunday morning. There was a scheduling error amongst the staff.
It's in the same ballpark.
They're in the same ballpark.
Tom leaned over to give Mary a kiss.
Tom has been around the block.
I really feel like eating carrot halwa.
Tom's paycheck is in the office.
These cats need new homes.
Can you help pick up?
What were you planning?
Where does this go?
It's broken again.
Somebody should know.
Have you asked around?
Be careful not to step on anyone's toes.
These aren't ripe yet.
Talk about huge egos.
Tom is exasperating.
Tom is always disobedient.
The window is broken.
Tom enjoys reading.
Tom hasn't read a book in five years.
Are you joshin' me?
Tom broke his collarbone in motorcycle accident.
Whatever you decide is fine with me.
Mary doesn't like it.
Do you want spaghetti or hamburgers for dinner?
Tom never misses Taco Tuesdays.
Mary beat Tom's high score.
There is nothing organic about Tom.
Some people don't know about that.
Tom died in the fire because he went back into the burning house to get his game console.
Tom stole Mary's lunch from the office refrigerator.
Tom died in the break room.
Every electronic cash register at the grocery store crashed when Tom inserted his charge card.
When Tom entered the nightclub, Mary said, "Here comes some fresh meat."
Tom doesn't know how to dance without feeling embarrassed.
These dishes chip so easily.
All the dishes are chipped.
You're bending all the spoons when you eat ice cream.
"Is Tom home?" "Sorry, wrong number."
Tom works as a forklift driver at the lumberyard.
Sorry, I didn't see you.
That's mine. This is yours.
"Every warlord knows how to speak English," said Tom. "Well, at least in the movies they do."
Tom dreams of being a warlord.
These gift cards have already been used.
"There is no right or wrong way to get fat," said Tom.
He went to the store after the snow storm passed.
Choose the best moment.
Counting sheep helps you to fall sleep.
Have you ever fallen asleep in a meeting?
How is your business?
The piano needs to be tuned.
The dog needs to be walked.
The dog likes you.
Tom eats potatoes every day.
Do you like shrimp cocktail?
Are there any hotdogs left?
Sausage with hot German mustard is the best.
List all the foods you like because we won't be having any of those.
When was the last time you weighed under two-hundred pounds.
Your songwriting skills are horrendous.
The breakfast cafe will kill me sooner than later.
You're fat enough as it is.
Take your time. We'll wait.
This seemed to be the best solution.
Your resolution to exercise every day is very nice.
I understand what you want to say, but I cannot act according to what you say.
The entire world profits when you are always too sick and too fatigued to fight back.
His phone was busy an hour ago.
His phone has been busy for an hour.
Tom didn't want to elaborate.
He didn't want to elaborate.
She didn't want to elaborate.
It makes me happy to hear that.
It makes me very happy to hear that.
Do you need some help with your packing?
You couldn't have known.
Don't worry about it. You couldn't have known that.
I couldn't have spent my vacation in a better place.
Don't blow our cover.
She's very pretty, isn't she?
The steering committee met at ten in the morning every Thursday without fail.
The Hobart Rivulet begins on the slopes of Mt Wellington, runs through South Hobart, and into the Derwent Estuary
Stamp duties are directly proportional to the purchase price of a house.
The waiter doesn't see us.
Why do they call you that?
The waitress didn't see Tom because he was wearing a camouflage shirt.
These people are from the backwoods.
The car won't turn over.
It's super clean without a lot of additives.
Tom's weakness is potato chips.
Your argument is shaky.
I've lost my spot.
Are you not going to be here?
I'm taking you out of the game.
I'm talking to her now.
She's breaking my heart.
Tom began walking everywhere in the town every day.
Whatever it takes.
It's Tom's masterpiece.
The fresh air is wonderful.
Can you smell the ocean?
Sea urchins taste like the ocean.
Where did you find this ring?
Mary is German.
Stop slamming the door.
Who's banging on the door at this hour?
There's been an emergency.
Tom was hit by a train.
Tom was the favorite to win.
Open a window before I pass out!
This train smells horrible.
Does that mean no?
Tom really wants a baloney sandwich.
Tom stole a bag full of sandwiches.
What's wrong with the dog?
Big deal. No one cares.
I'm tired of your endless bragging.
That's all the evidence I need.
I'm not going to take it.
I'm going to report you to the authorities.
I hope you rot in hell.
Pleasant morning, isn't it?
I can't stand that music anymore!
That's preposterous!
I forgot the bacon.
Can you sign this?
I'm talking to Tom now.
Aren't you going to be here?
Is this product waterproof?
Tom began speaking in tongues.
This wasn't what I was hoping for.
The system needs to reboot.
Tom had the innate characteristics of an Arctic warrior. He killed the entire squad in their tents in the middle of a blizzard.
The breakfast cafe was open for business.
Do you need help doing that?
Do you need help carrying that?
Tom told me he'd do whatever it takes.
We won the fight.
Do that right now.
Do that right away.
Cold horror shook me, in my veins the blood / was chilled, and curdled with affright.
I'm going to have my own party, and you're not invited!
Do you work part-time?
Once more / a limber sapling from the soil I tore; / once more, persisting, I resolved in mind / with inmost search the causes to explore / and probe the mystery that lurked behind; / dark drops of blood once more come trickling from the rind.
Much-musing, to the woodland nymphs I pray, / and Mars, the guardian of the Thracian plain, / with favouring grace the omen to allay, / and bless the dreadful vision.
Walk over there to get your badge.
Where have you lived?
This is my favorite meal.
I have just made this picture.
How to do it?
He is not a manager, he is just a paper pusher.
In my age bracket, there are no job offers available.
My assistant manages my appointment calendar.
Good personal investments may provide supplemental income in retirement.
An adjustable wrench is a useful tool for any plumber.
Everybody can be a Monday morning quarterback, but we need some real expertise.
This is not the highway, this is just an access road.
Good caddies are usually also good golfers themselves.
Bad government just redistributes the income, but good goverment supports economic growth.
The Concorde supersonic airplanes are no longer in active service; you can only see them in some museums.
Costume jeweler usually does not work with precious metals and precious stones.
That famous Nobel prize winner is now a visiting professor at our university.
Air traffic control systems are unified within the European airspace.
Then again / a third tall shaft I grasp, with sinewy strain / and firm knees pressed against the sandy ground; / when O! shall tongue make utterance or refrain? / forth from below a dismal, groaning sound / heaves, and a piteous voice is wafted from the mound:
I don't like our traditions.
Let's sit outside.
Take the time to walk everywhere.
I'll walk over there.
How far of a walk is it?
You can walk to 'most everything in our city.
I wish it was colder out.
The air feels too muggy.
Tom wears a golf jacket, but never plays golf.
I think I want a glass of juice.
He's a big fish there, but here he's nothing.
I am a descendent of my ancestors.
Put all the tennis balls into this bucket.
Sorry, I can't play tennis until my knee heals.
Yikes! The dog jumped off the boat.
What the flip!
Applied linguistics is a contributing science in the development of artificial intelligence systems.
The best companies are usually investing during an economic downturn.
Tom almost hit a pedestrian with his truck.
Ocean pollution is becoming a burning issue, as the fish populations rapidly decline.
Jogging in the morning energizes me for the whole day.
We're out of crackers.
The pile driver is destroying the peaceful morning with a hellish racket.
He's running out of time.
His dog has been ill for a week.
Tom needs to walk up the hill.
How fast can you walk over here?
Have a little more coffee and then get on the road.
My friend took me to the north end of the island to meet the crazy goat lady.
Tom's knees were slightly sore from walking mile after mile.
"Spare, O AEneas, spare a wretch, nor shame / thy guiltless hands, but let the dead repose. / From Troy, no alien to thy race, I came. / O, fly this greedy shore, these cruel foes! / Not from the tree – from Polydorus flows / this blood, for I am Polydorus. Here / an iron crop o'erwhelmed me, and uprose / bristling with pointed javelins."
Tom and Mary are polyamorous.
Tom, Mary, and Alex are in a polyamorous relationship.
Tom is going to great lengths to finish the work on time.
Tom lives a bohemian lifestyle in Boston.
Is your pack waterproof?
Is your knapsack waterproof?
My jacket isn't waterproof.
Why don't you call?
There's no one in this movie theater.
This movie is probably cheesy.
These stupid movie previews. Am I in the right theater?
Do you still not understand what's going on?
Nature never breaks her own laws.
The company provides health and life insurance benefits for all of its employees.
Always act in such a way that you can also will that the maxim of your action should become a universal law.
Always act in such a way that you would be willing for it to become a general law that everyone else should do the same in the same situation.
What are you doing out here in the cold?
Why are firefighters getting cancer from toxic smoke? Shouldn't we be concerned about the chemicals in our homes?
Desire is more fulfilling than satiety.
What team do you cheer for?
Do you feel my pain?
Why am I the last hipster?
I've run out of food, except for my emergency stash of chili-flavored peanuts.
"Tom, there's a zombie at the door to see you." "Thanks, Mary. That must be Todd."
Are you twins?
Mary and Tom are twins, but they're nothing alike.
The movie was like a bad but good science-fiction short story.
The wolf circled the rabbit.
When is your flight departing?
Which gate is our flight?
You don't need to be so explicit.
Anything premeditated is the worst.
If only raccoons could build and operate their own crossbows, movie scripts would have a whole new angle.
Mary and Tom are twins, but they don't look like each other.
Tom and Mary are twins, but their personalities are quite different.
I closed my eyes and I hoped he wouldn't notice me.
I don't understand why Mary behaves like this.
The reason why Mary behaves like this is she's jealous of your success.
Tell her you're from America and then speak with an accent.
You've much money, but I don't envy you.
My neighbours envy my new Maserati, not to mention my 23-year-old girlfriend.
Which team are you rooting for?
Why don't you call Tom and see if he wants to come over for dinner?
You left the TV on when you left this morning.
Tom looked tired when he got home.
I'll tell Tom to do that.
I'll tell Tom to call you later.
I was too tired to eat anything.
I think you shouldn't spend any more time trying to do that.
I don't think you should spend any more time trying to do that.
You're not allowed to talk to her.
One speaks Dutch in the Netherlands.
One speaks Japanese in Japan.
From Shivaji Maharaj's character, we gain strength and the inspiration to do something in life.
My brother is not at home.
Our competitor is undercutting our prices.
That wasn't the only reason I left Mary.
I wonder what the painter wanted to express with this.
I will not return their money to them.
That wasn't the only reason I left Mary, but that was a big part of it.
I didn't know Tom was a trumpeter.
French students will be banned from using mobile phones on school grounds.
I didn't know that Tom played the trumpet.
I didn't know Tom played the trumpet.
I didn't know that Tom was a trumpet player.
I didn't know Tom was a trumpet player.
Try to understand why Tom did what he did.
What Tom did to you wasn't very nice.
Did Tom tell you what he did?
What Tom is doing now isn't necessary.
I'm thinking about you now.
We can't change our schedule at this point.
We can't change our schedule now.
Do you think it would be possible to change your schedule?
My schedule has changed, so I'll be able to be at your birthday party after all.
We have a busy schedule next week.
We're already three weeks behind schedule.
I have a copy of the bus schedule on my phone.
Tom began a water fast.
Tom's diet regimes always ended in gaining weight.
Tom has two looks: glowing but fat and regular fat.
Tom made the mistake of angering his ancestors.
Tom begged for forgiveness.
Tom's stomach seems to overrule him at every turn.
Tom became a police officer. Most of the time what he really said to the populace was: "Worker 172-122-go die somewhere else. We're too busy to investigate your report."
I'm not moving to LA.
Tom loves the universe.
Tom will live forever because he uses cast iron cookware.
Do I really need anything?
Although it wouldn't be entirely wrong to add "своєї" here.
No calculator is allowed.
We're going down the Gediminas hill to the Pilies street.
Yes, I know it's a contrived example, but you get the idea.
Are you already at home?
Do not weep, child. I will only be gone for a little while.
We can change our disadvantage to our advantage.
Oh my God! Tom knew my name.
I'm sure I put the money here.
I won't be moving to Boston.
Tom was paralyzed by fear.
Do you know who painted this?
Tom is one of the most eligible bachelors of Boston high society.
Tom, one of the notable faces of Boston society, also attended the event.
That's his house? I thought it was bigger and looked better.
That's her house? I thought it was bigger and looked better.
Mary acted as if she knew nothing about it.
How did you get in the house?
This is my house! Get out of here right now!
I wonder what the painter wanted to convey.
Tom and Mary are deluding themselves.
Tom and I only see each other on weekends.
How much rice do you eat a week?
Tom is having a party, isn't he?
We need another three chairs.
Tom and Mary are graduating tomorrow.
How long did the party last?
Tom and I've known each other a long time.
Have you gone to a park recently?
Tom is having fun now, isn't he?
How did you learn to ski so well?
Tom and Mary are hiding in the woods.
How did you spend New Year's Day?
Tom is never here when we really need him.
How late will you be out tonight?
Tom is here every day, isn't he?
How did you learn to draw so well?
Tom and Mary are just trying to help.
How late will you stay up tonight?
Tom lent me a couple of interesting books.
How much does your computer weigh?
Tom is here in Boston, isn't he?
Mary isn't married to Tom, is she?
The restaurant we found in the old town yesterday is very relaxed and not expensive at all.
Tom acted as if he didn't know us.
Eat your buttered toast.
Finish your buttered toast!
Enjoy your meal! Did you already start?
If I counted correctly, you ate three ham sandwiches.
Is there any ham left?
Let's go to the other side of the street! It's cleaner there.
Oh, everything is as usual.
"Do you mind if I sit here?" "Of course I mind! I don't find you nice at all, and because of you, I couldn't see that pretty lady over there."
When will the roses in your garden bloom?
The best thing you can have is good friends.
Is it easy to understand?
"Have you seen how you're dressed, Tom?" "I'm not going to the theater anyway. I've had a really rough day today."
Listen, stop arguing!
Why was she in Paris?
Rest in peace, my dear father!
I know perfectly well that it wasn't your fault.
Mary got to know her boyfriend in Paris.
Mary met her boyfriend in Paris.
Tom is happy to finally be at home.
They always make us do that.
Did you have nightmares?
Do you remember your nightmares?
Are there more sheep in Wales or in New Zealand?
There's a bunch of dust bunnies under the bed.
Did you see the dog?
I fell asleep and I started snoring.
My name is Nami.
"I don't understand you." "Me neither."
I don't understand girls at all.
I'm really bad at stuff like that.
I'm really bad at stuff like this.
My friends think I am a lot of fun.
I don't understand myself.
"I don't understand you." "I don't understand myself."
Mary is a little bossy.
Tom really didn't tell you?
Tom stood up from the lounge chair.
I need more time to practise.
How long you can stand on one leg can predict how long you have left to live.
Tom wrapped a bandana around his head.
Tom made an off-color joke.
Tom is a little hyper.
The plane was overbooked.
Tom is severely allergic to grass.
My mind keeps wandering.
How many cases of beer did you buy?
Tom and Mary are perfectly safe here.
How much does a cup of coffee cost?
Tom told me why he was worried about that.
Have you ever taken singing lessons?
Tom is in a big hurry, isn't he?
How long was the last movie you saw?
Tom didn't know why Mary was unhappy.
How much butter do you put on toast?
Tom's cellmate is serving a life sentence.
How much does the average car weigh?
Tom is in a good mood, isn't he?
How many bottles of beer did you buy?
Tom doesn't know why Mary is unhappy.
How far is it from your house to here?
Tom always tries to do the things properly.
How much does the average woman weigh?
Tom is in bed reading, isn't he?
I'll leave a key for you on the table.
Tom has stolen a lot money from Mary.
Tom is in an epic battle to clear his sinuses.
Mary faked her pregnancy.
Tom wears a mask to filter out pollution when he bicycles.
Tom took seven hot showers to clear his sinuses.
Tom has many food sensitivities.
The sinus pressure returned with a vengeance.
Tom received his flight confirmation details via email.
Let's pack up the faulty equipment and return it to the factory.
How did you spend last summer vacation?
Tom and I didn't even know each other then.
How do you usually spend your evenings?
Tom is in bed, asleep, isn't he?
How do you usually spend your holidays?
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend, isn't he?
What time do you usually get to school?
Tom and I might never see each other again.
How did you learn to play chess so well?
Did Tom really not tell you that he was going to do that?
"I don't understand this?" "I don't understand it myself."
"I don't understand this" "I don't understand it either."
I'm really bad at doing stuff like this.
Tom fell asleep and started snoring.
I know that it wasn't your fault.
Why was Tom in Boston?
These apples aren't ripe yet.
You people are insufferable.
They're insufferable.
They are insufferable.
You're insufferable.
You are insufferable.
This is an emergency case.
I'll pay the bill as soon as I stop taking heroin.
Since the launch of NASA's Kepler telescope in 2009, astronomers have found thousands of planets outside of our solar system.
Facebook is the world's largest social network.
Facebook's popularity among teenagers is declining rapidly.
I was born in the wrong generation.
I was born in the wrong time period.
Don't do something just because everyone else does it.
You two are adorable!
You guys are awesome!
You guys are the best friends I've ever had.
She couldn't help but blush.
Mary paints rocks as a hobby.
I’ve just finished in the shower.
Tom paints rocks as a hobby.
There is a hospital not far from here.
We can’t be friends with her.
Failure will not be tolerated.
Processionary caterpillars can cause rashes and breathing problems.
There should be a public transit makeover reality show. "The train upholstery, so badly outdated, required a virtual army of upholsterers to complete the makeover overnight."
Walking is man's best medicine.
There's not enough space for all my shoes.
They exchanged amused looks.
Tom and Mary exchanged amused looks.
The girls exchanged amused looks.
What inspired you to travel around the world?
Tom sat and drank his coffee.
Mary wondered for a fleeting moment if Tom would put his arm around her.
Mary caught only a fleeting glimpse of the wild boar as it sped by.
Life is short, the art long, opportunity fleeting, experiment treacherous, judgment difficult.
Can you meet me for lunch?
Tom wanted to travel and meet people from all over the world.
Tom wants to travel and meet people from all over the world.
How long you can stand on one leg?
How long can you stand on one leg with your eyes closed?
Tom and his friends were playing cards.
Can you slice up the cheese?
These crackers are made from flaxseeds.
Tom likes to be outdoors as much as possible.
Did you bring your charger?
Please email me your itinerary.
What are your vacation plans?
This is made out of recycled materials.
This chair is made out of recycled materials.
It's a great workout.
The local trains don't have air conditioning.
I think I get it now.
We had the time of our life.
These houses are beautiful.
How do you like my new hairstyle?
Tom is fabulously wealthy.
Mary got a nose job.
Tom banged away on his toy xylophone.
Mary is megayacht.
Tom has a pet pig.
Tom has a mini pig.
Tom is a fitness guru.
Tom is a fitness freak.
Tom works out every day.
Tom does yoga every morning.
He looks like a model.
She looks like a model.
Can I give your dog a snack?
We're going to review your proposal.
Imitation crab meat is full of gluten.
Tom's father is my brother.
Tom is in big trouble, isn't he?
How long do baseball games usually last?
Tom is Mary's first cousin, isn't he?
Tom slammed the door when he left the room.
How much money do you have with you now?
Tom is in college now, isn't he?
How tall is the building where you work?
Tom is Mary's half-brother, isn't he?
What do you usually do in the afternoon?
Tom and I always tell each other everything.
What time do you usually eat your lunch?
Just do it. You'll regret it if you don't.
Tom is in good health, isn't he?
How much cream do you put in your coffee?
Tom is Mary's only brother, isn't he?
How old do you have to be to drive a car?
Maybe Tom can tell you what needs to be done.
How many magazines did you buy last month?
Tom is in his bedroom, isn't he?
How long does a baseball game usually last?
Tom is Mary's twin brother, isn't he?
What's the best way to learn how to swim?
How many students are there at your school?
Tom and I don't keep secrets from each other.
How long does the rainy season usually last?
Tom is in the kitchen, isn't he?
How much did it cost to get into the museum?
Tom is Mary's youngest son, isn't he?
How long does it take from here to your home?
Tom and I hardly ever see each other anymore.
About how many hours do you sleep every night?
Tom is in the library, isn't he?
It would've been better if I hadn't done that.
Tom is as stubborn as Mary, isn't he?
How much does it usually cost to go to a movie?
Nobody has ever complained about that.
What are lectins?
Tom is on another fad diet.
"Tom, do you feel like walking downtown and getting dinner?" "No, I'm too tired from sightseeing. Let's order room service."
What's the difference between adjoining and connecting rooms in a hotel?
The hotel reservation system went down.
Tom called up and Mary pretended to be a phone tree.
Can I look at your menu?
"Where did you park your car?" "On the other side of the street."
Pardon me! Sorry.
We wanted to see the tulips bloom, but we were a little too early.
The flowers in Mary's garden are magnificent.
The police found a dead body on the train.
The driver hit our car and then drove off.
Tom was involved in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom and I have learned a lot from each other.
How much money do you expect to earn next year?
Tom is in trouble now, isn't he?
How many classes did you miss when you were sick?
Tom is doing that for Mary, isn't he?
How many glasses of milk did you drink last week?
Tom is working hard to make up for lost time.
How much does it usually cost you to get a haircut?
Tom is kind of a snob, isn't he?
How long does it take from the bus stop to your home?
Tom is going to visit Mary, isn't he?
How much time do you spend each week studying French?
Tom isn't the only one here who knows French.
How far is it from here to the closest police station?
Tom is kind of creepy, isn't he?
How much did you spend per day when you were in Boston?
Tom is in Boston with Mary, isn't he?
How much does it cost to get from your house to school?
Tom locked both doors and all of the windows.
How far is it from your house to the nearest supermarket?
Tom is likely to be late, isn't he?
How much did it cost you the last time you went bowling?
Tom is intimidated by Mary, isn't he?
Have you ever drunk more than four cans of beer in one evening?
Tom planted some fruit trees in his backyard.
Have you ever drunk more than four bottles of beer in one evening?
Tom is likely to come, isn't he?
How old do you have to be to get married without your parents' permission?
Tom is now married to Mary, isn't he?
The phoenix rose from its ashes.
If you did not want to do this, then why did you do it? Did someone force you to do this?
Is this website mobile-friendly?
Tom has been in monk mode for three months.
Tom has been sitting on the report for weeks.
Melissa skipped class again?
I'll fluff up your pillows.
I only like feather pillows.
Tom once slept in an old horsehair bed.
Mathematically speaking, every shuffle of a deck of cards is unique from the beginning of time.
The number of permutations, in human terms, is innumerable.
Fasting helps the body cleanse and repair itself.
Check your voice mail.
Look in your spam folder.
Cut up your meat into small pieces.
Tom likes to walk to the local coffee shop.
It's better to live rich, than to die rich.
Smile is without cost, but not free.
The decision was a flagrant error.
Where was the bread made?
Is this understandable?
The coffee shop is busy.
I'm trying to wake up.
Tom started a multi-level marketing scheme.
I cannot coherently formulate words without coffee.
Tom grows flowers to make natural perfumes for Mary.
The smell of all the essential oils is making me sick.
Wine, oil olive, and honey are frequently adulterated, faked, or counterfeited.
Is it that simple?
Say it in the least amount of words?
Can you summarize?
You've violated our policy.
Tom spun around.
Tom threw up in the backseat.
We live in a test tube. Never before have humans been exposed to so many chemical and toxins.
Snap your fingers.
This is locked.
Don't force it.
Can I have more coffee?
Are you heading home?
We had a flood.
Tom's diet is comprised completely of foods made from grass species: corn, wheat, rice, sugar cane, etc. Socrates would conclude that Tom is a cow.
Be tender with the puppy.
The new perfume gave Mary a horrible rash.
Is this a gift?
Is this free?
Walk it off.
That's a nasty bruise.
Which country is this coffee from?
Is this coffee organic?
Tom's not punctual.
Tom called Mary from the mountain base camp.
It costs about a dollar a serving.
You shouldn't say that.
You can use some other products.
The founder died two months ago.
The company bought their fiercest competitor.
Tom applied sunscreen.
The immigrant was collecting edible plants from roadside ditch.
Tom is collecting reward points.
The first month you get ten percent.
The first one is free.
You can cancel at any time.
Your account will roll over at the end of the year.
Does your dog know any tricks?
Keep it to five words.
Are you any good at making signage?
The apples and bananas cost one dollar each.
I said it to you, because you are the tallest here.
I would be the happiest if it weren't true.
It seems he's hungry.
Can you pick up the pieces?
Where did you go this afternoon?
The dog and cat are sleeping in the barn.
This has gone bad.
I hadn't laughed that much in a long time.
This milk has gone bad.
Tom switched his mobile plan to a different carrier.
Tom ate serveral figs and nuts.
Tom went on a water fast for three days.
Tom wants to know what's going to happen next.
When was your house built?
Tom is likely to wait, isn't he?
Tom is still angry at Mary, isn't he?
What sport other than baseball do you like to play?
This is the first time Tom has ever been late.
What other foods you like?
Tom is now doing fine, isn't he?
What do you like to do when you are not studying?
Tom is taking care of Mary, isn't he?
We have several problems to deal with.
Tom is either in the garage or in his bedroom.
We have several problems that we need to deal with.
Tom is now doing that, isn't he?
We have several issues to deal with.
Tom quickly kissed Mary on the cheek.
We have several issues that we need to deal with.
Tom isn't afraid of getting his clothes dirty.
We had a couple of drinks before going to the concert.
Tom is now in trouble, isn't he?
We go camping a lot in the summer.
Tom sat between Mary and her husband.
We accomplished what we set out to do.
Tom sat down at the piano and started to play.
Was your junior high school far from your home?
Tom is now on his own, isn't he?
Was your father born in Boston, too?
Tom and Mary are professional singers.
Was your elementary school a large school?
Tom still doesn't understand what's happening.
Up to thirty people will be allowed to do that.
Tom is off duty today, isn't he?
That's sort of why I'm here.
Tom and Mary are so happy you're here.
Not only was the meal cheap, it was delicious.
Tom told his children to sit in the back seat.
My car is very old, but it still runs fairly well.
Tom is older than you, isn't he?
Tom had a feeling that Mary was lying.
Let's go fishing next weekend.
Tom is on his own now, isn't he?
Is your mother a good cook?
Tom is Mary's father-in-law, isn't he?
Is your father tall?
Tom has been waiting for more than three hours.
Is there a supermarket near your home?
Tom is on the balcony, isn't he?
I've always wanted to learn how to play chess.
Tom is Mary's new boyfriend, isn't he?
I went to the zoo last week with my brother.
Tom and I've known each other quite a few years.
I went to Boston with my brother last year.
Tom is our best pilot, isn't he?
I went to Boston when I was a high school student.
Tom is Mary's older brother, isn't he?
I went swimming yesterday.
Tom has already done that three times this week.
I watch TV every night.
Tom is planning to go, isn't he?
I watch TV almost every evening.
Tom is Mary's second cousin, isn't he?
I was busy at the time.
Tom and I hardly ever talk to each other anymore.
I was busy at that time.
Tom is pretty amazing, isn't he?
I want some, too.
Tom is afraid of Mary's dog, isn't he?
I usually swim with my younger brother.
Tom and I haven't seen each other in a long time.
I used to play the saxophone when I was in junior high school.
Tom is pretty bad off, isn't he?
I think this has something to do with the problem we had last week.
Tom is going to invite Mary, isn't he?
I swim in the morning.
Tom doesn't speak French well and I don't either.
I study French because I have to.
Tom is pretty excited, isn't he?
I listen to music while I work.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about that.
We need to make a new start.
I like to watch sports on TV, especially baseball.
Tom practices playing the piano almost every day.
I like doing that as well.
Tom is pushing thirty, isn't he?
Can you buy shampoo?
There's construction on the main drive of the hotel. Guest are advised to take the alternate entrance.
Planning a trip can be difficult.
Your handwriting is quite elegant.
The color palette you've choosen for this set is exceptional.
Is there anything to do in this town?
Tom finally saw his name on the front page.
Will this do?
As I was saying, before I was rudely interrupted, there's no reason to doubt me.
I see no benefit.
The donations were stolen from the box.
The voting was fixed.
He's very enthusiastic about your visit.
Let's see that map.
I have a bad idea.
There's some more in the cooler.
Have you ever visited the midwest?
There's more beer in the cooler.
Doing that might be difficult.
Can you taste the ginger?
Does this cave tour look interesting?
The color has faded.
This one is ready.
"What nationality are your grandparents?" "Slovak."
Sami remained in love with Layla.
Blue is a great color for a funeral.
I haven't been to a movie theater in a long time.
Tom and Mary are almost done for today.
I go swimming about twice a week.
Tom was the one who taught me how to milk a goat.
I go skiing about once a week in the winter.
Tom is quite a dancer, isn't he?
I fail to see the humor in all this.
Tom and Mary are doing the right thing.
I enjoy sailing. I also enjoy water skiing.
Tom married his ex-wife's older sister's daughter.
I don't like it when it's raining.
Tom is quite a talker, isn't he?
I don't do that now, but I used to when I was younger.
Tom and Mary are going to be just fine.
I can't swim, but my younger brother can.
Tom bought some groceries on his way home from work.
How was the weather when you were in Boston?
Tom is quite artistic, isn't he?
How old was your father when he retired?
Tom and Mary are having money problems.
How much time would it take me to learn to drive a car?
How much time would it take you to do that?
Tom and I haven't seen each other since high school.
How much time would it take me to learn how to drive a car?
Tom is quite charming, isn't he?
We go to see Tom three times a day.
I found out where Tom is.
I've never met you in person.
You can stay only if you're quiet.
That sign won't stop me, because I can't read.
Boys, women are all a bunch of blood suckers!
This book is very useful for us.
Knowledge makes us free and better.
He didn't give enough notice.
Gender violence goes hand-in-hand with authoritarianism.
Gender violence and authoritarianism go hand-in-hand.
Strict and inviolable gender roles have been fundamental to authoritarian regimes throughout history.
Inviolable gender roles are a form of authoritarianism.
They think too much.
Do you have any job openings?
I bumped into her at the library.
I bumped into him at the library.
Some of Africa's oldest baobab trees have died suddenly.
Tom has changed a lot since I first met him.
You've changed a lot since I first met you.
He helped her up.
Tom opened the passenger door.
Tom opened the passenger's door.
Tom helped her to her feet.
Mary rubbed her temples with her fingers.
Tom rubbed his temples with his fingers.
She nearly ran right into him.
Tom nearly ran right into Mary.
Her English was much better than Tom's.
I'm tired of Tom shoving his opinions down my throat.
I'm tired of Tom ramming his ideas down my throat.
Tom held her hand tight.
I'm fed up with Tom forcing his opinions on me.
Tom held her hand tightly.
I'm sick of Tom jamming his opinions down my throat.
I got tired of Tom cramming his opinions down my throat.
I've had enough of Tom pushing his ideas on me.
I'm tired of Tom imposing his opinions on me.
I don't like to do that when it's raining.
Tom held Mary's hand very tightly and would not let go.
Tom held Mary's hand very tightly.
Tom held Mary's hand tightly.
Tom held his wife tightly and hugged her.
Tom held Mary tightly and hugged her.
Mary squeezed Tom's hand.
Mary rested her head on Tom's lap.
He kissed her hands.
Tom took her hand in his.
Tom pulled his cap down.
Tom held her tight.
Tom took her hand.
Tom held her more tightly.
Tom held her close to him.
Tom wrapped both his arms around her shoulders.
Tom ate his salad.
Tom held her hands in his.
Tom held her hands in his and looked into her eyes.
Tom held Mary's hands in his and looked into her eyes.
Tom and Mary were holding hands, their fingers tightly interlaced.
Their fingers were tightly interlaced.
Tom held her hand to his lips and kissed it.
Tom clutched Mary's hand tightly.
What movies do you want to see this summer?
How much time will it take to get to Boston?
Tom and Mary are likely to get seasick.
How much money do you think you'll spend in Boston?
Tom and I haven't seen each other since our divorce.
Tom is reading a book, isn't he?
Tom and Mary are pretty good at tennis.
About how many glasses of milk did you drink last week?
Tom is trying to make sure that everything is ready.
Tom might want to do that with you.
Its radius must be thirty meters at least.
I thought clothes would be cheaper here.
I was about to leave the restaurant when Tom arrived.
I've heard Boston is a beautiful city.
If you need my help, please let me know.
There are no honorable people.
I'm proud to be Québecois.
I'm proud to be Quebecois.
Are you crazy? You don't do as I say. You act improperly and according to your own will. You know how dear you are to me, don't you? I absolutely don't like seeing you in this condition.
We needed to get off the mountain.
Sami fractured a vertebra and lost consciousness.
Sami gave Layla hot soup.
We spent the night there, in the tent.
I was so depressed over the whole situation.
This brain damage could be responsible for Sami's uncontrollable anger.
The spinal cord does not heal.
The spinal cord doesn't heal.
The central nervous system does not heal.
The central nervous system doesn't heal.
This is normal to me.
Leave me and my sentences alone.
Sami will stay here forever.
Sami loves this website and he will stay here forever.
Sami will never leave this website.
This noise is deafening.
That noise was deafing.
The accident changed my life as I knew it forever.
Sami spent the next years rebuilding a life nearly destroyed by the accident.
Sami doesn't give a damn about what you think about him.
Sami was frightened more than he was injured.
Sami was in shock.
I put the jello in the refrigerator.
I made some jello.
I made jello.
My family likes dessert.
My family likes Jell-O.
My children like Jell-O.
There is nothing unusual about this individual.
I have been struck by lightning twice.
He had the same exact feelings that I had.
I was struck by lightning while golfing.
I could have died in that van.
Sami was in his driveway.
Don't play golf in lightning.
Don't plow your field in lightning.
Don't mow your lawn in lightning.
Don't mess with lightning.
So much is still unknown about lighting.
Sami kept trying to figure out what was wrong with Layla.
Lightning is difficult to study.
Lightning never strikes where you want it to strike.
The Lord be with you.
Get me some pencils.
Get us some markers.
Do you have a flipchart?
I need a blackboard.
Do you have some chalk?
I never asked you to help me.
This ship was decommissioned in 1960.
The ship harbors many ghosts.
Autocorrect? More like autoincorrect.
Wouldn't it be great if there were hours in a day?
Mute with fear, / perplext, aghast I stood, and upright rose my hair.
This Polydorus Priam from the war / to Thracia's King in secret had consigned / with store of gold, when, girt with siege, he saw / Troy's towers, and trust in Dardan arms resigned.
Why are you watching this garbage?
Tom and Mary watched a teenage movie.
It's the first time I've done anything like this.
It's the first time I've ever done anything like this.
Why are you eating this garbage?
Tom and Mary watched a teen movie.
Why are you reading this garbage?
You make a really good point.
Tom is a God-fearing man.
Tom was incredibly good looking.
I'm sorry. I'll never lie to you again.
Tom is a model for GQ magazine.
Mary is an adventurous young lady.
Tom is an adventurous young man.
Tom is a hardworking guy.
Mary is a hardworking girl.
Tom went to Mary's house almost every day after school.
Tom goes to Mary's house almost every day after school.
But when our fortune and our hopes declined, / the treacherous King the conqueror's cause professed, / and, false to faith, to friendship and to kind, / slew Polydorus, and his wealth possessed. / Curst greed of gold, what crimes thy tyrant power attest!
I'll deal with you when I'm done with Tom.
Tom took Mary into his arms and kissed her passionately on the lips.
Why are you watching this?
Why are you reading this?
Tom took Mary into his arms and kissed her passionately.
He took her into his arms and kissed her passionately.
Tom has a slight German accent.
I can't believe people like this garbage.
I'm pretty sure he can afford it.
I'm pretty sure Tom can afford it.
I'm pretty sure he can't afford it.
I'm pretty sure she can't afford it.
Tom almost broke his butt slipping in the bathtub.
Mary forgot to turn her mic off.
Tom nearly broke his arm trying to do a bicycle kick.
Tom forgot to turn his mic off.
Mary has a great personality.
You need to make a decision.
Rents have risen sharply in recent years.
People are leaving rural areas and moving into cities.
Why are people leaving rural areas?
Tom left his hometown for college and never returned.
Tom held Mary's hands in his.
Tom held Mary's hand to his lips and kissed it.
Tom has a slight French accent.
The unemployment level is high.
Tom is ready for that, isn't he?
Have you ever touched a snake?
Tom and Mary are running a little late.
Have you ever met any famous people?
Tom shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun.
Tom shot himself in the foot while he was cleaning his gun.
Have you ever driven a car to Boston?
Tom is ready to begin, isn't he?
Have you ever been in an automobile accident?
It cost me three dollars to buy that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can't afford it.
I'm pretty sure Tom can't afford to buy that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can't afford to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can afford to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can afford to buy that.
I'm pretty sure Tom can afford that.
I'll never lie to you again.
This is the first time I've ever done anything like this.
I think you'll regret doing that.
I think that you'll regret doing that.
Do you really think Tom is the best French speaker in your class?
Do you really think that Tom is the best French speaker in your class?
After a few drinks, Tom started to sing.
After a few drinks, Tom started singing.
No one is sure exactly why that happened.
Nobody is sure exactly why that happened.
I won't tell anybody about this.
I won't tell anyone about what happened.
I won't tell anybody about what happened.
I didn't want to say anything in front of the kids.
I didn't want to say anything in front of the children.
Many people believe that's not going to happen.
Many people believe that isn't going to happen.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were kids.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were children.
We didn't stop singing even though Tom asked us to stop.
We didn't stop singing even though Tom asked us to.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that's going to happen.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary looked at one another for a few minutes.
Tom and Mary looked at each other for a few minutes.
Tom said he had a meeting to go to.
Tom said that he had a meeting to go to.
Tom and Mary are still working on that.
Has your mother ever been in the hospital for a long time?
I thought you and Tom were going to do that together.
Even my father doesn't like to do this.
Tom is ready to leave, isn't he?
Does your house have a red roof?
Tom and Mary have been very kind to me.
Does your father work in a factory?
Tom is ready to start, isn't he?
Do you usually eat breakfast before seven?
Tom shared his chocolate bar with Mary.
Do you usually carry a lunch?
Tom is busy now, but not as busy as he's about to be.
Do you read love stories?
Do you read romance novels?
Tom is really excited, isn't he?
Do you prefer to take a shower or a bath?
Tom should help Mary with her homework.
Do you prefer to have long hair or short hair?
Tom isn't the only one who thought we had to do that.
Do you prefer sitting on the floor or sitting on a chair?
Tom is really selfish, isn't he?
Do you prefer green tea or black tea?
Tom wanted Mary to stop staring at him.
Do you often travel with your parents?
Tom was doing something he shouldn't have been doing.
Tom is doing something he shouldn't be doing.
Do you often ride a motorcycle?
Tom is really worried, isn't he?
Don't give anything more to that man!
A lot of children don't eat all of their spinach.
Who did you bring the flowers to?
To whom did you bring the flowers?
I've been struck by lightning twice.
You will find the answers at the end of this lesson.
But it's snowing!
I've been learning German for two years already.
It's already 4:00!
It's already 4:00AM!
Tom smoked at least two packs of cigarettes.
I'm listening to music in my room.
I'm talking with Rocío.
I've been struck by lightning three times.
There is no love without trust.
Hope is the only true good that one may possess.
We always take the bad to avoid the worst.
It's far from being perfect.
Show me how you can last three days without sleeping. I'm certain that you wouldn't last a day without sleep.
Do you often go for walks alone?
Tom wanted to go home, but Mary didn't.
Do you like to get up early in the morning?
As far as I know, Tom has never done anything illegal.
Do you like to be outside when it's snowing?
Tom is scared of dogs, isn't he?
Do you like the place where you live?
Tom's girlfriend at that time was Mary.
Do you like summer better than winter?
I've talked with Tom about that already.
It is hot on the airplane.
Tom has free WiFi on his flight.
Tom is getting better at French every day.
The dinner was expensive.
The waiter seemed incompetent, but he was just overwhelmed.
Don't give Tom anything else.
Don't give anything else to Tom.
Don't give Tom any more candy.
Don't give any more candy to Tom.
Emperor Penguin is one of my favorite bands.
I've already talked with Tom about that.
What makes you think that I did that?
It's hot in here, isn't it?
We have daisies, white and yellow, but only in bouquets.
Attention, do not panic! Electricity will be restored in a few minutes.
The detective has successfully solved the mystery.
Tom doesn't want Mary to tell the truth.
Tom hopes Mary won't tell the truth.
Tom hopes that Mary won't tell the truth.
I think that looks can be deceiving.
The flight will be landing soon.
The flight will be arriving early.
Tom had fish tacos.
We'll try to answer the following questions.
I want to know how you plan to do that.
My house is on the other side of that bridge.
I've already visited Australia.
Should I start to worry?
Now, freed from terror, to my father first, / then to choice friends the vision I declare.
The North Sea is larger than Lake Constance.
All vote to sail, and quit the shore accurst.
We will get to that in a minute.
So to his shade, with funeral rites, we rear / a mound, and altars to the dead prepare, / wreathed with dark cypress. Round them, as of yore, / pace Troy's sad matrons, with their streaming hair. / Warm milk from bowls, and holy blood we pour, / and thrice with loud farewell the peaceful shade deplore.
No one trusts anyone anymore.
She's intelligent.
This song brought me fame.
Cathy is a fake goth.
My brother is an employee of the electric company.
I like Occitan culture.
If you guys need my help, please let me know.
Tom should never have borrowed money from him.
I can eat glass; it does not hurt me.
Boston was voted the best place to live in America.
A letter was found next to the dead body.
Brace yourselves.
Tom is the main protagonist.
Tom is the main protagonist of the story.
Tom is the protagonist of the story.
Tom is the main character of the story.
I cut off all ties with him.
I cut off all ties with Tom.
Tom cut off all ties with Mary.
A British-Australian couple fell to their deaths in Portugal after trying to take a selfie from a metre high wall overlooking the beach.
I want to keep my options open.
There is nothing unusual about this.
This is the last bottle.
I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for Tom.
I will always have a soft corner in my heart for Tom.
Tom will forever live in my heart.
Tom is long-forgotten.
Tom is ancient history.
Tom speaks English with a slight French accent.
I asked Tom to lend me his dictionary, but he refused.
Do you like rice?
Tom is still a rookie, isn't he?
Do you have to share your bedroom with anyone?
Tom and Mary are aware of the situation.
Do you ever ride a bicycle?
Tom and I haven't spoken to each other in a long time.
Do you enjoy your classes at school?
Tom is still confused, isn't he?
Do you enjoy playing mahjong?
Tom and Mary are going to be late again.
Do you do your homework while watching TV?
Tom had sunglasses on when I saw him a few minutes ago.
Did your mother use to play the piano when she was younger?
Tom is still homeless, isn't he?
Did your high school have a basketball team?
Tom and Mary are going to give it a try.
Did you watch TV yesterday evening?
Tom usually gets to work at least thirty minutes early.
Did you watch the last Olympics on TV?
Tom is still homesick, isn't he?
Did you watch a lot of TV when you were young?
Tom and Mary are going to play handball.
Did you use to smoke cigarettes?
It's been a long time since Tom and I did that together.
Did you study last night?
Tom is still in shock, isn't he?
Did you study French in high school?
Tom and Mary are very worried about you.
Did you live in Boston when you were in elementary school?
We'll get to that in a minute.
We'll do that later.
Let's not discuss that right now.
I've written down Tom's phone number.
I've lost my friends.
Mary is a hardworking woman.
Tom is a hardworking man.
Tom and I haven't talked to each other since graduation.
Did you have a big breakfast today?
Tom is still in there, isn't he?
Did you get up early this morning?
Tom knew that Mary had tried to do that.
Did you eat eggs for breakfast this morning?
Tom was never really interested in doing that.
Did you do any sightseeing last summer?
Tom is still laughing, isn't he?
Aren't you looking forward to your next vacation?
Tom and Mary are eating dinner right now.
Are you interested in modern art?
No one other than Tom could've done that.
Although I don't like to get up early, I have to.
Tom is still sleeping, isn't he?
About how many hours a day do you watch TV?
Tom and Mary are going to leave tomorrow.
About how many hours a day do you study?
Tom studied, but he didn't study as much as he should've.
"Did you watch TV last night?" "No, but I plan to watch it tonight."
Tom is still studying, isn't he?
"Did you live in Boston when you were in high school?" "No, but I live in Boston now."
Tom and Mary are going to need some help.
"Did you go to Boston last summer?" "No, but I'll go there next summer."
Tom took his clarinet out of its case and started playing.
"Can you come to my house tomorrow afternoon?" "No, but I can come in the evening."
Tom is up on the roof.
This house is for sale.
Tom was here last week.
I feel like eating out.
I think you'd better go and talk to Tom.
I have to clean the bathroom.
We live near Tom.
We see Tom every day.
I have to tell you that I don't love you anymore.
Please, don't be angry with me!
Please, don't be angry at me!
"Shall we go have a drink?" "Sure, if you want."
I have no such thing.
I already told you, I'm not the one who did it.
I can barely believe it.
Why does Tom study French?
I practice the piano every day.
I went to Australia when I was thirteen years old.
I have trouble with French grammar.
I wanted to speak to you about this.
I've done my homework.
I've already told you that I'm not the one who did that.
I've already told you I'm not the one who did that.
I've already told Tom that he should do that.
I told Tom that I wasn't the one who did that.
I told Tom I wasn't the one who did that.
It wasn't in Boston that we met.
There are some cases where this rule doesn't apply.
Please don't be angry at me.
You should've warned Tom earlier.
I have to tell Tom the truth tomorrow.
She doesn't know me.
"I can't believe Lyndon LaRouche is still alive." "Who's Lyndon LaRouche?" "A crackpot who was a few decades too early for American politics."
I have no one but you.
What screams "I'm insecure"?
I cringe just thinking about it.
We will all miss you when you leave.
"Would you like tea or coffee, sir?" "Well, that depends on whether you mean inclusive or or exclusive or."
Your mother was an exotic dancer.
He hired mercenaries.
He hired mercenaries to kill Sami.
I'm not good enough.
I feel like I'm not good enough.
Really, he died.
It's true, he's dead.
"Cultural Marxism" was a critique of popular culture by the Frankfurt School of critical theory, a discipline which used knowledge from the social sciences to revise Marxist theory. In modern usage among right-wingers, "Cultural Marxism" has become a substitute term for the Nazi-era conspiracy theory "Cultural Bolshevism."
Tell me right now who that was and what they were looking for!
He is not Ivan The Terrible.
Tom should've never borrowed money from him.
I think she did it to make Tom jealous.
Mary did it to make Tom jealous.
Tom did it to make Mary jealous.
Tom slammed his locker shut.
Tom taped a picture of his family inside his locker.
Tom taped Mary's picture inside his locker.
They smiled at the camera.
Tom and Mary smiled at the camera.
Tom smiled at the camera.
Welcome to Kentucky!
The historic Brown Hotel in Louisville, Kentucky was founded in 1923.
In 1926, Chef Fred Schmidt created the "Hot Brown," an open-faced turkey sandwich with bacon and Mornay sauce.
America is just one giant outlet store mall.
Where's the coupon?
Do you honor these coupons?
There's no sign of life here.
Have you been to Nashville?
In her second interview, she said she was as nervous as a cat.
Tom broke everything.
Tom's going to break everything.
I don't know what Tom plans to do.
No one likes doing that.
Nobody likes doing that.
I didn't like spinach when I was a child.
I didn't like spinach when I was a kid.
I promise I'll stay longer next time.
I promise that I'll stay longer next time.
Tom is still the best, isn't he?
I try to keep up to date.
Tom wouldn't lie to you.
I'm with you all the way.
Tom is still the same, isn't he?
What bus will Tom be on?
I do swim almost every day.
Tom is still upstairs, isn't he?
We have a lot of time left.
Does Tom come here a lot?
I've been offered a promotion.
Tom is taking a break, isn't he?
Do you watch TV in the morning?
Tom told us to wait here.
You'd better listen carefully.
Tom is taller than me, isn't he?
I quit doing that a long time ago.
I quit doing that many years ago.
Has Tom already gone inside?
Is this your all's cellphone?
Do you have any homework that you have to do this weekend?
I have to know if it's true.
Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I think Tom did that to make Mary jealous.
I'm sure Tom did that just to make Mary jealous.
Tom got jealous when he saw Mary with another man.
Tom became jealous when he saw Mary with another man.
This is between Tom and me.
Tom did not want to admit his own ignorance.
Tom was too proud to admit his ignorance.
You don't get it at all.
I'm not cut out for this type of work.
Tom is not cut out for this type of work.
Tom climbed into the driver's seat of the truck.
Tom isn't cut out for this type of work.
Tom didn't want to admit his own ignorance.
Is this your cellphone?
Tom came by my house yesterday morning.
Tom should've never borrowed money from Mary.
Tom never should've borrowed money from Mary.
We'll all miss you when you're gone.
We all miss Tom.
Tom quit his job to travel the world.
AT&T will buy Time Warner for $billion.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good at science.
Tom is a social media influencer.
I don't know what Tom plans on doing.
Tom is a social media consultant.
You don't have to hide it.
I've never liked Tom and I never will.
I'm sure that I'm not going to pass my exam tomorrow.
Tom applied and was offered a job on the spot.
Tom saw a shooting star.
You gave me your word that you would do that.
It's good luck to see a shooting star.
It looks like you're not having much fun here.
Tom looked up at the night sky.
Tom was transfixed by Mary's beauty.
He was transfixed by her beauty.
The fireflies strobed over the rows of young corn on a hot and humid Indiana night.
Tom looks flustered.
Go to bed and sleep.
Important or urgent, this is the question.
The house smells good.
They told me few days ago.
Will someone tell me what has happened here?
Does your sister know how to play piano?
I am abnormal.
Will you eat those cakes?
Soon as our ships can trust the deep once more, / and South-winds chide, and Ocean smiles serene, / we crowd the beach, and launch, and town and shore / fade from our view.
Slap fights should be legal in certain districts.
Where can I find Old English Sheepdog puppies?
It's your birthday.
You can pick up shavers from the hotel's front desk.
I need to shower after that hike.
Check my legs for ticks.
Where are we on the trail?
Mary pulled her hand away.
Tom swatted the flies.
Tom swatted the fly.
These rap lyrics are degrading to women.
Who is the best football player in the world?
Tom laughed and sang along.
Mary laughed and then sang along with Tom.
I sang along with the song.
Tom sang along with the song.
Tom and Mary sang along with the song.
You look like you've got ants in your pants.
My silence made her even angrier.
You've got ants in your pants.
Tom was getting antsy.
Why did you have to embarrass me in front of the others?
Mary slammed the door on her way out.
She's as sweet as apple pie.
Tom roasted the marshmallow.
Tom roasted the marshmallow over the fire.
Tom is the designated driver.
You are so beautiful.
Corn is a species of grass.
This is my nicest dress.
This is my favorite dress.
Limestone lettuce was developed by James Bibb in 1865.
Mary dressed conservatively.
The rollercoaster accident killed two people.
You're not really going to wear that, are you?
Tom's fear was palpable.
You don't have to go easy on me.
The sun rose over the mountain.
The sun rose over the mountains.
Tom came to his senses.
Mary came to her senses.
The company filed for bankruptcy.
The corporation filed for bankruptcy.
A rollercoaster derailed in Florida.
Do you want to use some of my makeup?
Tom's house looks like a medieval castle.
Tom had forgotten how beautiful she was.
Tom listened to sad songs.
Tom often listens to sad songs.
Tom often listens to sad music.
Tom couldn't stop listening to sad music.
Tom has a busy schedule.
Tom was obsessed with celebrity.
There's a supermassive black hole at the centre of our galaxy.
Tom asked his parents for permission.
Tom is obsessed with celebrity.
Mary is obsessed with celebrity.
The Pharaoh is the ruler of Egypt.
Why are you acting so strange?
